BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
A roadside bomb attack on Monday killed two U.S. soldiers in Baghdad , the U.S. military said .
U.S. troops patrol near a checkpoint in Baghdad last week .
Another soldier was wounded in the attack and taken to a combat support hospital , according to military spokesman Lt. David Russell .
The deaths follow an incident Saturday in which a U.S. soldier died and two others were injured when their vehicle rolled over at a forward operating base near Balad , north of Baghdad , Russell said .
July marked the lowest monthly toll of the war , with 11 U.S. troop deaths -- six killed in hostilities and five dying from causes not related to combat , according to a CNN count of figures released by the Pentagon .
With the three deaths in August , 4,130 U.S. military personnel have died since the Iraq war began in 2003 .
Other developments
• A roadside bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol detonated Monday morning on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad , killing two people and wounding 15 , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said .
The deaths include one Iraqi soldier , while nine Iraqi soldiers were among the wounded .
• Also on Monday morning , a roadside bomb detonated near an Iraqi police patrol in the southern Baghdad district of Dora , wounding two people , including one policeman , the ministry official said .
• Late Sunday , a parked car bomb exploded outside a coffee shop in Hilla , a Shiite city about 62 miles south of Baghdad , killing one civilian and wounding 12 , the ministry official said .
• U.S. soldiers and Iraqi police on Sunday detained a " special groups " criminal in southern Baghdad 's Rashid district , according to the U.S. military .
" Special groups " is the term the U.S. military uses to describe Iranian - backed militias operating in Iraq .
The military said the suspect was detained for " allegedly committing acts of violence against Iraqi security and coalition forces . "
• U.S. soldiers and Iraqi security forces uncovered several weapons caches in Baghdad on Sunday , including various mortar rounds and a rocket - propelled grenade launcher , the U.S. military said Monday .
Some of the mortar rounds were handed over to coalition soldiers by " Sons of Iraq " members , who are predominantly Sunni groups that have turned against al Qaeda in Iraq .
• U.S. and Iraqi soldiers uncovered a weapons cache on Friday near Mahmoudiya -- about 35 km southwest of Baghdad -- that included a 100 - pound bag of C - 4 explosive , four wired blocks of C - 4 , and various weapons and ammunition , the military said Monday .
Iraqi soldiers detained three men who had the cache .
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Al Qaeda in Iraq
In discussion at TechRepublic :
Someone commented on how poor Linux - based systems must be as development environments compared with MS Windows , after ( s ) he gained the authoritative experience of spending probably three hours playing around with Ubuntu or some such nonsense .
Someone else commented as follows ( and this is where the above link actually leads ) :
In general the text editor and GCC or interpreter is all that is needed for any language .
I ’ve not met many windows programmers that have the old - school skills to pop open Dos Edit write code without the Studio crutch .
( I ’m learning to do that myself though with simply .vba coding where applicable . )
Here ’s what I started typing as a response , and eventually realized was long enough that I should just post it as a stand - alone , um , thingie :
Making good use of an IDE is an acquired skill set .
It is not , as people who ’ve done no programming without one seem to think , just a bunch of automatic “ programming is easier now ” features .
There ’s an approach to programming that relies on using an IDE , and an IDE being useful depends on that approach to programming .
Also notable in evaluating the use of an IDE is the fact that IDEs are specifically designed to make certain programming activities easier that are particular to certain types of languages .
Java , VB , C++ , and C# are all languages that not only benefit a hell of a lot from a well - designed IDE , but effectively require a well - designed IDE to achieve an acceptable level of productivity ( though C++ , being notably closer to C than the others I listed , is less tied to IDEs in that respect ) .
Part of the reason people often consider IDEs indispensable to development is the fact that they do all their programming in verbose object oriented languages like Java and C# , where great quantities of boilerplate class hierarchy code must be written on a regular basis , to say nothing of needing to alter those class hierarchies as one goes .
Without an IDE to ease the process of generating and maintaining those class hierarchies , the volume and complexity of the code involved would quickly overwhelm otherwise productive coders on large - scale projects .
Meanwhile , on Unix - like systems , most of the programming is done in languages such as C , Perl , Lisp , and Ruby , as well as various shell languages ( bash , tcsh , et cetera ) .
These are languages that do n’t benefit as much from a “ traditional ” IDE .
The lack of benefit , however , is not a result of some failure of the language — it ’s a result of the fact that IDEs were essentially invented and developed for the purpose of making it easier to work with the challenges particular to verbose object oriented languages like Java and C# .
Technically , I think it was a flavor of BASIC that had the first IDE , though the “ IDE ” developed for it was n’t something that would be recognized as an IDE by today ’s standards .
That IDE was basically just a single interface for a set of basic tools ( filesystem browser , editor , debugger , and something vaguely like a code execution shell ) .
A transitional version of an IDE , halfway between that IDE for BASIC and something that would be recognized as an IDE today , was actually a ( language agnostic ) CASE tool called Softbench , which ran on UNIX and employed a plug - in architecture for extensibility .
As such , if anyone tells you that you ca n’t get good IDEs on Unix - like systems , you might want to point out that the father of the modern IDE was invented for commerical UNIX ( circa 1990 ) .
These days , the most highly regarded IDEs appear to be Eclipse and Visual Studio .
Eclipse runs on pretty much any OS , including Unix and Linux - based systems .
. . . but there ’s the matter of these languages that do n’t really need an IDE .
Many of them are actually supported by high - quality IDEs .
For instance , Eclipse offers support for Groovy , Perl , PHP , Python , and Ruby — and even typesetting languages like LaTeX .
This , despite the fact that people who have primarily worked with such languages for a long time ( as opposed to working mostly with something like Java , and occasionally needing to do a little tinkering in something like Perl ) actually find IDEs too cumbersome and limiting .
That ’s really the problem : people who have done all of their development on MS Windows using various incarnations of Visual Studio , with languages like C# , cannot imagine doing any “ serious ” development without an IDE because all the develoment they ’ve done involved working with Microsoft libraries ( MFC or . NET , generally ) and Microsoft GUI development , and using languages like C# and Visual Basic ( or Visual C++ , for the “ old timers ” ) .
Under such circumstances , you really do need an IDE , and because of the fundamental necessity of what an IDE provides , they never realize that there ’s not only a helpful aspect to such IDEs , but a limiting aspect as well .
That limiting aspect becomes incredibly obvious if you have n’t really used IDEs much and have worked with languages that do n’t impose the challenges upon the developer that make an IDE necessary .
If you started out your development with shell and Perl , eventually learned to do system development in C and assembly language , and for scripting and high - level development eventually moved on to Python and Ruby , never having had any use for an IDE , using one would initially feel like being forced into a straight straitjacket .
More to the point , such experience with development might lead you to regard the code generated through the use of a modern IDE to be really atrociously written code .
It would probably take a while to realize the importance of an IDE for working on large - scale projects in languages like Java , since you ’d be used to being at least as productive without an IDE working on large - scale projects in languages like Ruby .
. . . but wait , there ’s more !
There ’s this so - called “ text editor ” called Emacs which provides much of the same capabilities as an IDE , but with a very different approach to how tools are integrated .
Furthermore , Emacs is particularly good for Lisp development , as it has been adopted as essentially the unofficial official IDE for Common Lisp , and has thus received a lot of loving attention from Lisp developers who have extended and improved Emacs ’ Lisp - oriented development support features .
GNU Emacs is even written in Lisp , and extended with Lisp .
Emacs certainly is n’t necessary for Lisp , or any other language , though .
One of the most famous Lisp hackers in the world — Paul Graham — is a devoted vi user .
Vi was the editor created by Bill Joy when he assembled the original Berkeley Software Distribution of Unix , because he decided it needed a good editor .
In a manner somewhat similar to the way Emacs ( then EMACS ) was originally created as extended functionality for TECO , so was vi originally created as extended functionality for ex , and the two came out at about the same time .
Their respective user communities have basically been engaged in an ongoing religious crusade against each other ever since ( though a mostly friendly one , believe it or not ) .
The vi editor has since been forked and extended in many different ways , but the most widely used variant today is almost certainly Vim — which is my favorite editor .
In fact , I ’m typing these words into an instance of Vim right now .
Vim is more like an actual text editor than an IDE .
In fact , calling Vim an IDE would be a disservice to Vim , in many respects .
While Vim is probably not an adequate replacement for Visual Studio by any stretch of the imagination , when writing code in C# , Visual Studio is not by any stretch of the imagination an adequate replacement for Vim when writing code in Perl .
Vim does n’t come with class hierarchy boilerplate code management features the way VS does , but by the same token VS does n’t provide the incredible productivity enhancing editor interface you get with Vim .
Once one has become sufficiently familiar with the way Vim works , in my experience at least , productivity when writing code in a high level language such as Ruby or Perl , as well as when writing essays and articles in English , increases by between 50 % and 300 % — and the productivity enhancement increases with the complexity of the project , so that it probably gets even more impressive working on projects of a scale greater than my usual range , as long as you ’re using a language better suited to Vim than to VS or Eclipse .
There ’s no straight straitjacket in Vim , but there ’s no comprehensive class hierarchy management either .
I do essentially work in an IDE - like environment when developing on my BSD Unix laptop , but it ’s not really an IDE as you ’d probably recognize it :
Unix is my IDE , as I run a group of basic tools all in the same workspace , each in its own terminal emulator window .
Before anyone points it out , as though it disproves something I said , I know you can get a Vim knock - off installed as your default editor for Visual Studio .
It ’s not quite the same , though — just as using gVim on MS Windows is n’t quite the same as using console - based Vim in a terminal emulator on FreeBSD or Debian GNU / Linux .
It really is a poorer experience , to some degree , and that relative paucity of productivity enhancement is magnified when a vi variant is shoehorned into a straight straitjacket IDE like Visual Studio .
I ’m sure it improves development productivity for many C# developers , but moving from pure Vim to VS with a vi-like editor plug - in would be a definite step down in productivity for a serious Ruby developer .
So . . . if you think MS Windows is a better development environment than something like FreeBSD or Debian , just because it has Visual Studio and Unix - like systems do n’t have it , that must be because you think all development must be like C# and VB development .
In fact , it ’s probably true that most development is n’t like C# and VB development that way .
Expand your horizons a little .
Learn to use Vim or Emacs , then spend a year doing serious development in something like Ruby instead of C# or Java , and do it in a Unix - like user environment .
When you ’re done , compare that experience with the idea of doing Ruby development in Visual Studio on MS Windows ( or , worse yet , in Notepad ) , and you may find yourself shuddering in disgust at the thought .
You may even not want to go back to C# .
In any case , judging the development environment of Unix - like systems by giving a Unix - like system a cursory glance and thinking about how ( un ) fun it would be to develop C# in a text editor like Kate is not going to give you anything like an accurate view of the actual Unix development experience .
*
*
Audience : ( Laughter and applause from a Code Pink supporter skeptical of Secretary Paulson . )
Code Pink woman :
And what 's your net worth ?
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
is one of the most important irrevokable economic decisions we will ever make .
Let 's make it in a state of panic . " —
Stephen Colbert
" The fox is guarding the hen house . " —
A heckler mocking Treasury secretary Henry PaulsonHow long were you CEO of Goldman Sachs ?
I do n't need help from the audience , I can ask the questions on my own ...
" I 'm not going to fire you ; you can still be called Congress .
But you do n't have any power . " —
Jon Macey , Yale Law School professor and deputy dean , providing an allegory for Secretary Paulson 's proposal " As of now we [ journalists ] are , as a group , behaving just as we did thelast two times the administration sought to rush through a hastilythought out , ill - conceived plan .
Why in the world are we being sogullible and naive ? " —
Former New York Times reporter David Cay Johnston
" What the proposal actually did ... was explicitly rule out any oversight , plus grant immunity from future review ... [ I ] f Paulson can't be honest about what he himself sent to Congress ... there is no reason to trust him on anything related to his bailout plan . "
" If you think the Bailout of All Bailouts ... wo n't saddle American taxpayers with billions , if not trillions , of risky obligations , you do n't know politics ...
Never before in the history of American capitalism has so much been asked of so many for ... so few . "
Reich , former Secretary of Labor" We are talking about ten thousand dollars per household , and that moneycannot simply go into a black hole of bad debt . " " Americans can no longer trust the economic information they are getting from this Administration ...
Secretary Paulson 's market predictions have been consistently wrong in the last year . " " Normally , this is a process that would take months — years .
" Instead , the law is being worked out , live on television , over the course of a few days .
NPR , quoting the chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , Scott Talbott " This is scare tactics to try to do something that 's in the private but not the public interest .
It 's terrible . " —
Allan Meltzer , former economic adviser to President Reaganand Carnegie Mellon professor of political economy , quoted in the New York Times " Watching Washington rush to throw taxpayer money at Wall Street has been sobering and a little frightening . "
" Many economists argue that taxpayers ought to get more than avoidance of the apocalypse for their dollars : they ought to get an ownership stake in the companies on the receiving end . " —
New York Times front - page analysis by reporter Peter S. Goodman " Seriously , is there anybody out there willing to write George Bush a blank check ? "
" No ' cash for trash . ' " —
Dennis Kucinich , proposing Americans should also take partial ownership of any institutions receiving bailout money .
I think it 's embarrassing to the United States of America .
There is a lot of blame to go around . " —
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson
" For anybody out there living in cave , let me just say this .
Congratulations .
You 've apparently made the soundest real estate investment possible . " —
Jon Stewart
The adhesive on post -its acts like a solid , letting go when one slice of air slides between it and a surface .
When looking at inventions like Post-its and duct tape , one might think we 've got the science of stickiness down pat .
But experts are still trying to understand the details of how stuck things get unstuck .
Recently physicists discovered there are two distinct ways for adhesives to release their grip , with no middle way and no smooth transition .
A sticky substance can either act like a liquid or like a solid , it turns out .
" The goal of the study was really to try to understand the intermediate state between what happens when you have a sticky liquid and when you have a sticky solid , " said researcher Costantino Creton , a physicist at the École Supérieure de Physique et Chimie Industrielles ( ESPCI ) in Paris .
" We found there was no real continuous transition in behavior but a very sharp change from a very solid - like behavior to a viscous fluid behavior .
We were surprised that there was no intermediate regime . "
An example of a liquid adhesive would be honey , while a Post - it Note represents more of a solid adhesive .
The difference is in the way the material deforms , or bends , to reach into the nooks and crannies of the surface it sticks to .
The researchers were interested in investigating adhesives that seemed like more in - between choices , such as duct - tape , which is ostensibly a solid , but can deform a lot like a liquid .
So Creton and colleagues Julia Nase and Anke Lindner , also at ESPCI , set about creating various adhesives that seemed to range along the spectrum and observed them coming unstuck under a microscope .
But when they tested each material , it fell squarely on the side of either solid or liquid .
For two things to stick together their surfaces must come in contact as closely , and at as many points , as possible .
Once their molecules become extremely close a force called the van der Waals force kicks in , which produces an electromagnetic pull between the molecules as their electrons start interacting and adjust their orbits so as not to repel .
It 's named for the Dutch scientist Johannes Diderik van der Waals .
Most surfaces do not stick naturally because on the microscopic level , they are not really smooth , so their molecules do n't really come in contact with each other in many places .
When you add an adhesive in between them , it molds itself to fit into all the little spaces between molecules , coming in close enough range for the van der Waals force to take over .
Things become unstuck when the surfaces are pulled apart and air intervenes between the adhesive and the surface , breaking the bonds between the molecules .
But this process happens differently for liquids and solids .
" If you try to remove a solid you have a fairly thin slice of air that comes in between the solid and the surface , like a crack , that does not involve much deformation of the solid , " Creton told LiveScience .
" If you go on the liquid side , you have a very extensive deformation — the adhesive itself changes shape . "
In the liquid case , the air enters in finger - like blobs throughout the adhesive , but with a sticky solid , the air penetrates through one long sliver at the edge between the adhesive and the surface .
" I think the main difference is that in the solid case the air is only at the interface and in the liquid it 's really everywhere , " Creton said .
Neither solid or liquid adhesive is universally stronger , though they both have their ideal uses , he said .
For example , if you want to stick something to a smooth , clean piece of glass , a solid adhesive will work best , but a viscous liquid adhesive will stick much better to something like your hand .
" It really depends what surface you want , and how clean it is , " Creton said .
The researchers detailed their findings in the Aug. 15 issue of the journal Physical Review Letters .
RENO , Nevada ( Reuters ) - Presidential candidate Barack Obama urged lawmakers on Tuesday to return to the negotiating table to work on a financial rescue deal and offered a new proposal he said could help attract support .
The Democratic White House contender suggested raising the limit on bank deposits guaranteed by the federal government to $ 250,000 from its current level of $ 100,000 .
“ One step we could take to potentially broaden support for the legislation and shore up our economy would be to expand federal deposit insurance for families and small businesses across America who have invested their money in our banks , ” Obama said in a written statement .
In a shocking vote on Monday , U.S. lawmakers in the House of Representatives rejected a $ 700 billion bailout package , prompting one of the worst plunges in stock prices in Wall Street history .
Obama , an Illinois senator vying against Republican John McCain in the November 4 election , said a failure by Congress to come together on a plan “ would be catastrophic for our economy and our families . ”
“ At this moment , when the jobs , retirement savings , and economic security of all Americans hang in the balance , it is imperative that all of us -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- come together to meet this crisis , ” Obama said .
The rescue package that was rejected was worked out in marathon weekend talks among White House officials and Republican and Democratic negotiators .
It would have allowed the government to buy up bad debt from troubled Wall Street firms and banks .
The House voted 228 - to - 205 against it .
Obama said he did not think starting from scratch with a new bill would succeed .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
But he said the deposit insurance proposal might be a way of drawing more interest toward the bill , which lawmakers who rejected it saying the plan does little beyond cleaning up Wall Street ’s mess .
“ I will be talking to leaders and members of Congress later today to offer this idea and urge them to act without delay to pass a rescue plan , ” he said .
McCain accused Obama and other Democrats of politicizing the debate over the bailout , while Democrats said he was deflecting attention from his own failures .
Obama has a slight lead in the polls over McCain .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : noco
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
So , what I 'm looking for is a girl who wants to crash out with me the night before , and then in the morning , ride in my car with me past the Starbucks , so I can have someone run in without me having to find parking .
I 'll pay for the Starbucks and up to one ( 1 ) baked item .
No venti's .
You can leave a tip if the barista ( or baristo ) is worthy of one , but make sure to bring me the receipt .
I understand that we are human beings with needs , so if we should happen to let our bodies get the better of ourselves for hours and hours the night before , then there is n't really much I can do about that , but seriously - this is about coffee - not wildly passionate , kinky , orgasm sessions , ok ?
OR if you could give me a good blow job while I play video games , that would be even better .
The only oral delight taking place will be when those sweet Arabica beans are hitting our lips .
Certainly not anything to do with my head between your legs for 20 - 30 minutes at a time .
Got it ?
Ok , cool .
Be sure to send a picture so I can tell we 're going to be looking good sipping Starbucks together in my ride ( 1991 two - tone Saturn ) .
Hosting Coupon Codes !
Create a Personal Website , a business website , or build a site just for fun !
BlueHost web hosting gives you plenty of web space to build and grow .
Discounts avail .
from partners for products .
Easy to use web file manager , register domain name , website builder , and non-intrusive ads !
Get a web hosting account today and use our easy website builder !
BlueHost coupon code for $ 3.95 Discount !
Discount Details ... Unlimited Web Space
Page Building Tools
Easy File Upload
Fast Web Servers
FTP Available !
Help & Tutorials
Free Online Support
Much More !
UK consumers have rather glaring double standards when it comes to information security risks , according to a new survey by Symantec .
Although the majority ( 60 percent ) of 207 London residents were happy to hand over computer password data which might be useful to potential ID thieves in exchange for a £ 5 M&S gift voucher , the public at large take a hard line on firms who fail to keep tight hold of customer data .
In exchange for the voucher , a number of those quizzed during a street survey in Covent Garden earlier this week went on to explain how they remember their password and which online websites ( from a range of email , shopping , banking and social networking sites ) they most frequently use .
A sizeable chunk of those surveyed ( 45 per cent ) said they used either their birthday , their mother 's maiden name or a pet 's name as a password .
Perhaps it 's just as well that stolen identities are worth a lot less than £ 5 , fetching as little as 50 p on the underground black market , according to Symantec .
Hang 'em high
Nine in ten ( 89 per cent ) of 1,000 Brits quizzed during a wider survey , commissioned by Symantec and price comparison site moneysupermarket.com , expressed the opinion that " reckless and repeated " data breaches ought to be punished by criminal prosecutions .
Sanctions should include the ability to incarcerate directors of negligent firms in jail .
Eight out of ten of those quizzed agreed there should be a " one strike and you ’re out " rule for data loss .
Blimey .
Almost four in five of those polled reckon their personal data is not secure in the hands of companies that hold it , a finding that probably stems from the steady drip of data breach stories that have followed from the massive HMRC child benefit lost disc bungle last year .
Three in four consumers are concerned about the amount of information organisation hold on them , regardless of whether or not this information is held online or offline .
Online payments were perceived as the single greatest risk for losing data .
Despite this , three in four of those surveyed said they were more likely to shop online now then they were six months ago , mainly because it 's easier to find bargains on the net .
" Consumers are first and foremost concerned about price – and not necessarily for their safety , " Symantec notes .
So much for living off the grid .
The government was thought to reckoned to be the worst offender for data loss by half of those surveyed .
Current public sentiment about data loss could have a bad effect on the business of firms unfortunate or incompetent enough to lose data .
Symantec also survey businesses as part of its research , and found that three in four ( 76 per cent ) expected to shed customers in the event of a data breach . ®
Well , I hear regulations only hold down business anyway , as McCain - Palin tell us .
John McCain brags about his experience with deregulation and it sounds like he has his hands all over this bailout as well .
Why should anyone sign up to a bailout that does n’t begin to address this critical issue ?
Does Paulson think that we ’re just supposed to wing it and hope against hope that it ’s all going to somehow work out ?
This is a terribly important issue to ignore considering where we are today .
In the John McCain - Keating Five S&L ; bailout , we did add regulations , so not now ?
Let the Republicans properly defend their actions the next time they try to remove regulations and oversight but for now , add them .
The plan , which is still being hammered out with Congress , raises a number of red flags .
First and foremost , unlike the process then , there ’s no accompanying re-regulation of the financial services industry .
“ We educated ourselves enough — we were able to build a competent structure , ” says Donald Riegle , who chaired the Senate ’s Banking Committee at the time .
“ We built a legislative package that worked quite well .
FIRREA ( Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act ) included creation of a regulator as well as the RTC . ”
Though history shows the S&L ; crisis was resolved successfully , there was considerable skepticism about the FIRREA law , the new regulator it created , the Office of Thrift Supervision , and the bailout entity , the Resolution Trust Corp. , at the time of their creation .
It also wound up costing less than many expected .
In the current rescue plan , the absence of regulatory reform is no small matter , given the size of the problem and the complexity of investment instruments today .
Former hacker Kevin Mitnick .
There was a time when the name Kevin Mitnick represented everything that the world 's chief security officers feared most : a reckless geek with the power to break any network in the world .
In the mid 1990s , Mitnick became the world 's poster boy for the " hacker threat " when he was identified as the guy sneaking into and stealing code from networks including those belonging to Sun Microsystems , Motorola , Novell and Fujitsu .
Prosecutors and journalists , including the New York Times ' John Markoff , further aggrandized his cybercrime exploits , claiming he was a criminal hacker mastermind who had wiretapped the FBI to stay ahead of his pursuers , hacked into Pentagon computers and could launch nuclear weapons simply by whistling tones into a pay phone .
Mitnick wound up serving five years in prison — four before his conviction and eight months in solitary confinement .
He got out in 2000 .
Now Mitnick , 45 , has reinvented himself as a security consultant .
In his second career , he performs the same cyber - intrusions he once used to steal data to suss out flaws in companies ' defenses .
That means Mitnick has to convince major corporations and even government agencies that he's a trustworthy professional — rather than a cyberpunk .
But Mitnick is n't hiding his hacker background .
In fact , he says the notoriety of his criminal past has only boosted his business .
And last month , at the HOPE hacker conference in New York , Mitnick announced that a lapsed statute of limitations will allow him to publish a book detailing his exploits as a cybercriminal and a fugitive .
The book wo n't be ready for about a year , but Forbes.com talked with Mitnick about telling all , the state of cybersecurity and why true hackers make the best security professionals .
Forbes.com :
What can we expect in the book ?
Kevin Mitnick :
It 's pretty much my autobiography , the story of my years as a hacker and a fugitive told from my point of view — starting out from my younger years in telephone phreaking when I was 11 - years - old , to my arrest , to my post - arrest career as a security professional .
There 's going to be a lot of information revealed about hacks I pulled off .
The statute of limitations has lifted on a lot of that stuff , so now I can talk about it publicly .
Forbes.com : Can you give us a preview of the exploits you 're going to recount in the book ?
Mitnick : I 'm trying to save that all for the book .
What I can tell you is what wo n't be in the book — I wo n't be whining about my trial or my mistreatment by the government or [ Mitnick - chronicling ] John Markoff .
This book is going to be a kind of Catch Me if You Can in cyberspace .
It 's going to be what 's real in my history and what is n't , what I did and how I did it and how I 've since turned my life around .
Forbes.com :
What are some of the myths about Kevin Mitnick that just are n't true ?
Mitnick : I never wiretapped the FBI , though I did wiretap an informant who was working with the FBI and chasing me for the bureau .
Some other myths : that I hacked into the National Security Agency , that I hacked into NORAD .
Forbes.com :
And some things you did do ?
Mitnick :
Well , I compromised all the phone companies , essentially .
Even when I was a kid I had the capability to disrupt the telephone systems for entire states .
I hacked into the systems of all the major software companies at the time : Digital Equipment , Sun Microsystems , IBM , Silicon Graphics .
Also most of the companies that made cellular phones at the time , like Nokia , Motorola , Fujitsu .
Forbes.com :
What drove you ?
Mitnick : Curiosity .
It was never about making money or even getting free phone calls .
It was about the thrill of exploration .
Forbes.com :
Do you think that background has made you a better computer security analyst ?
Mitnick : Today , they 're teaching computer security in schools , and people think that if you pass the CISSP test , [ a program in cybersecurity certification ] you know what you 're doing .
But passing a test does n't make you skilled in computer security .
You have to have what I call " hack sense . "
The best hackers know to think , to defeat obstacles , to solve puzzles .
They know how to out think the people who have architected systems .
They understand the human factor .
Someone from CISSP might be able to detect vulnerabilities and assess the risk factor from each of those vulnerabilities .
But someone with " hack sense , " might be able to see , for instance , that three low - level vulnerabilities can be leveraged together to create a single , high - level vulnerability .
I do n't want to generalize too much .
Other organizations like SANS are much more qualified .
But CISSP in particular has created this certification and made a lot of money by convincing organizations that employees need it .
And I think it 's essentially worthless .
Forbes.com :
So do you look for hackers with when you 're hiring ?
Mitnick : I look at a potential employee 's skill set in general .
But for almost anyone who 's very skilled , they'd be lying if they said they 'd never broken into a system without permission
Forbes.com :
On the flip side , do you lose business because of your history as a criminal hacker ?
Mitnick :
It 's hard to say , because I do n't get calls from people who tell me they 're not hiring me because they do n't trust .
I 'm sure that I 'm not called in some cases because of my history .
But of course no one ever calls me to say they 're not hiring me .
Fortunately there are companies that do trust me to do work .
I 've even worked for the FAA [ Federal Aviation Administration ] and for other government agencies that I can't disclose .
In general , I 've gained more business than I 've lost because of the notoriety given to me by the U.S. government , because of the way my case was blown out of proportion by prosecutors and the media .
I do n't have to search for business .
Forbes.com :
The government devoted years to prosecuting you and making sure you served a long sentence .
Do you believe that prosecution makes the information technology world more secure ?
Is it more important to chase down hackers or protect the fort ?
Mitnick : I think you need both .
You do need to prosecute people who break the law .
In fact , I 've never argued that I should n't have been punished .
I argued that I should n't have been held for four and a half years without a trial , putting me in solitary confinement for eight months .
Forbes.com :
What do you see as the biggest threats to cybersecurity today ?
Mitnick : Cybersecurity used to be about the network or operating system .
Now it 's more at the application layer .
Companies and their contractors build their own applications hosted on a public website , and the people who write them are n't trained in secure coding .
The mistakes they make can be leveraged to break the system .
Forbes.com : A report last month from the Identity Theft Resource Center showed that data theft by employees has more than doubled since the year before .
Are insider data breaches a problem that can be solved ?
Mitnick : I help my customers monitor what information is going into and coming out of their organization , to monitor where employees are going on the network and if someone is handling a lot of information they 're not supposed to .
But if you have a legitimate employee with a clean record who accesses information in their normal course of duties , then how can you stop it ?
If someone really wants to steal from you , they 're going to .
Get Connected !
Join Free Republic Today !
Already a Member ?
Log into your Free Republic account .
Society holds that when it comes to aggression , boys hit and punch , while girls spread rumors , gossip , and intentionally exclude others , a type of aggression that 's called indirect , relational , or social .
Now a new analysis of almost 150 studies of aggression in children and adolescents has found that while it 's true that boys are more likely to engage in physical aggression , girls and boys alike take part in social aggression .
" These conclusions challenge the popular misconception that indirect aggression is a female form of aggression , " according to Noel A. Card , assistant professor of family studies and human development at the University of Arizona and the study 's lead author .
The analysis of 148 studies , which comprised almost 74,000 children and adolescents and were carried out largely in schools , looked at both direct aggression , which is usually defined as physical , and indirect aggression , which includes covert behavior designed to damage another individual 's social standing in his or her peer group .
Conducted by Card and researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the University of Kansas , the analysis appears in the September / October 2008 issue of the journal Child Development .
The researchers suggest that the myth that girls are more likely to be indirectly or socially aggressive than boys has persisted among teachers , parents , and even other researchers because of social expectations that develop early in life and recent movies and books that portray girls as mean and socially aggressive toward one another .
Based on the analysis , the researchers suggest that children who carry out one form of aggression may be inclined to carry out the other form ; this is seen more in boys than in girls .
They also found ties between both forms of aggression and adjustment problems .
Specifically , direct aggression is related to problems like delinquency and ADHD - type symptoms , poor relationships with peers , and low prosocial behavior such as helping and sharing .
In contrast , indirect aggression is related to problems like depression and low self - esteem , as well as higher prosocial behavior -- perhaps because a child must use prosocial skills to encourage peers to exclude or gossip about others .
###
The study was funded , in part , by the National Institute of Health .
Summarized from Child Development , Vol. 79 , Issue 5 , Direct and Indirect Aggression during Childhood and Adolescence : A Meta-Analytic Review of Gender Differences , Intercorrelations , and Relations to Maladjustment by Card , NA ( University of Arizona ) , Stucky , BD ( University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill ) , Sawalani , GM , and Little , TD ( University of Kansas ) .
Copyright 2008 The Society for Research in Child Development , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Surveillance drones have been widely used by Nato in Afghanistan The Pakistani army is investigating the wreckage of a suspected US spy plane found near the Afghan border , but has rejected claims it was shot down .
A military spokesman told the BBC that the drone was recovered on Tuesday in the South Waziristan tribal area and the wreckage was being examined .
The spokesman said the crash appeared to have been due to a malfunction .
The US military has confirmed a drone crashed but said it occurred in eastern Afghanistan due to engine failure .
US Army Captain Christian Patterson told the Reuters news agency that the unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) was being operated by US armed forces when it crashed .
" It was recovered immediately after it went down , " he said .
" It was n't close to the border . "
Meanwhile , fighting between Pakistani troops and Taleban militants is continuing in the tribal region of Bajaur .
In Quetta , capital of south - western Balochistan province , a young girl was killed in a suicide bombing .
About a dozen military personnel were also injured in the assault on an army vehicle .
' Detailed investigation '
The drone found on the Pakistani side of the border was discovered in the Zohba mountain range in Waziristan , a Taleban and al - Qaeda stronghold .
Locals living in a village at the foot of the range say they were looking for wood on the mountainside when they came across the plane .
" It was rather small for a plane , " one villager told the BBC , adding : " It could n't be more than 10 feet long . "
Locals say five men carried the drone down off the mountainside and informed the army .
Soldiers then took the aircraft away , as well as other debris from the site where it had crashed .
" A surveillance UAV , while flying over the Pak - Afghan border yesterday [ Tuesday ] night , crash - landed on this side of the border ... apparently due to malfunctioning , " a Pakistani military spokesman said .
" The wreckage of the UAV has been recovered from the site by the security forces personnel and the matter is under detailed investigation , " the spokesman said in a statement .
The statement did not say who the drone belonged to , but security officials said they were in no doubt it was an American aircraft .
The BBC's Dilawar Khan says this is the second such crash in the region in recent years .
Two years ago , a similar drone crashed near the town of Miranshah in North Waziristan .
The latest crash comes amid recent reports that Pakistani troops have opened fire to prevent the US forces from operating inside Pakistan .
Different account " No firing was heard in the area so there is no question of it being shot down , " a senior Pakistani security official told AFP .
Tensions in the border region are rising
But some residents gave a different account .
" The tribesmen fired at the drone and it fell out of the sky , " one unnamed resident told AFP .
US President George Bush said on Tuesday that he wanted to help Pakistan protect itself .
He was speaking moments before his first meeting with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari at the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York .
Mr Bush did not refer directly to the controversial US strikes in Pakistan that have caused bilateral tensions .
There is growing anger in Pakistan at the US forces in Afghanistan violating Pakistani sovereignty .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Obama Apologizes to Peggy Agar for ' Sweetie ' Remark
was at the Chrysler LLC plant in Detroit earlier this week when he was asked a question by WXYZ - TV reporter .
She asked Obama what he was " going to do to help American autoworkers . "
It was his response that put him into backpedal mode later in the day .
Obama 's response was :
Hold on one second , sweetie .
We 'll do a press ( availability ) , thanks . "
Hi Peggy .
This is Barack Obama .
I 'm calling to apologize on two fronts .
One was you did n't get your question answered and I apologize .
I thought that we had set up interviews with all the local stations .
I guess we got it with your station but you were n't the reporter that got the interview .
And so , I broke my word .
I apologize for that and I will make up for it . "
Second apology is for using the word ' sweetie . '
That 's a bad habit of mine .
I do it sometimes with all kinds of people .
I mean no disrespect and so I am duly chastened on that front .
Feel free to call me back .
I expect that my press team will be happy to try to make it up to you whenever we are in Detroit next . "
People in Michigan have to make a decision about who they 're going to vote for ... could take a second to say what he 's going to do for them . "
Apparently he realized his gaff and his team managed to get a phone number where Obama could leave a voicemail apology .
Agar 's station played the message on the air yesterday .
Viewers were able to hear Obama apologizing for not getting back to her .
He also mentioned that he has a bad habit of calling people " sweetie " .
He said : Ms Agar said the apology surprised her and she has been called worse .
She was reportedly more concerned he had not answered her question .
She commented :
Listen to Obama 's voicemail message HERE .
Sweden 's solution to their banking crisis in '91 involved the taxpayers getting ownership instead of simply ponying up the cash .
From the nytimes article about sweden 's financial crisis :
" Sweden took a different course than the one now being proposed by the United States Treasury .
...
It extracted pounds of flesh from bank shareholders before writing checks .
...
That strategy held banks responsible and turned the government into an owner .
When distressed assets were sold , the profits flowed to taxpayers , and the government was able to recoup more money later by selling its shares in the companies as well . "
I think it 's simple : if I pay for it , I want to own it .
We have a system for trading money for ownership ... it 's called stocks .
I think they 're familiar with the concept of ' stocks . '
While some may have rightly questioned whether the OS X - installing EFIX device would ever actually see the light of day , it looks like the Apple irritant is very much real , and now in the hands of at least at two adventuresome Insanely Mac forum members , one of whom thankfully took time to snap a few unboxing pictures .
The other member , " np_ , " went one step further and tested the device with an Asus motherboard and found that it worked " perfectly , " despite the fact that EFIX only officially supports Gigabyte boards .
Hit up the link below for a few more pics and impressions .
[ Thanks , Rich ]
About The Human Resource
The Human Resource is about a better you and a better organization .
THR can help leverage the resources you already have and develop new and different resources to enhance you and your organization .
Our mission is simple :
Help individuals and groups develop and grow their greatest capital asset , their human capital .
Knowledge is an investment which does not diminish when it is shared .
In fact , sharing knowledge increases its value as you and your organization increase your value as a trusted source .
Let us demonstrate how investing in you and your people can produce dividends far in excess of any other investment .
( Adds sales figure for Xbox 360 , background )
TOKYO , Aug 1 ( Reuters ) - Nintendo Co Ltd's 7974.OS
Wii video game console outsold Sony Corp 's 6758 .
T PlayStation 3 by more than 3 - to - 1 in Japan in July , a game magazine publisher said .
Nintendo , creator of Mario , Zelda and other iconic game characters , sold 171,851 units of the Wii in the four weeks ending July 27 , compared with 54,823 units of the PS3 , Enterbrain said on Friday .
Nintendo this week reported a 32 percent jump in quarterly operating profit , driven by the runaway success of the Wii , which is enjoying strong demand thanks to its easy - to - learn motion - sensing controller , low price and innovative titles such as the “ Wii Fit ” exercise game .
Microsoft Corp's MSFT.O Xbox 360 , which is struggling to compete with the Wii and PS3 in Japan , home to both Sony and Nintendo , sold 14,439 units , the publisher said .
In the handheld game market , Sony sold 256,765 units of its PlayStation Portable in the month , while sales of Nintendo ’s DS came to 217,639 units , Enterbrain said .
( Reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
George Clooney : Scared of commitment ?
A man 's reluctance to marry may be down to a genetic ' flaw ' , say researchers .
Men who inherit a genetic variant that affects an important attachment hormone are prone to marital strife and are less likely to wed , work suggests .
Animal studies have shown the same hormone - vasopressin - affects voles ' abilities to remain monogamous .
The research by the Swedish team from the Karolinska Institute is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
Bonding gene
The researchers examined the DNA of 552 sets of twins , all of whom were in a long - term relationship and had children .
Some were living with their partner and others were married .
The men and women were asked a series of questions about their relationship and the answers were then compared to their genetic make - up .
This is the first time that a specific gene variant has been associated with how men bond to their partners
Lead researcher Hasse Walum Men with the 334 version of the AVPR1A gene earned lower scores from their partner / wife for strength of relationship bond .
They were also less likely to be married .
If they were married , they were more likely to have experienced marital problems .
Having two copies of 334 doubled the chances that men would report having had a marital crisis in the past year .
It is thought that the gene , which was carried by 40 % of the men , may affect the way the brain uses vasopressin .
The same gene has been linked with autism - a condition characterised by problems with social interaction .
Evolutionary benefit Lead researcher Hasse Walum said : " This is the first time that a specific gene variant has been associated with how men bond to their partners .
" Women married to men who carry one or two copies of allele 334 were , on average , less satisfied with their relationship than women married to men who did n't carry this allele . "
However , he stressed the gene was only a small part of the process - there are many different ingredients to a happy marriage .
" There are , of course , many reasons why a person might have relationship problems , " he said .
Dr George Fieldman , principal lecturer in psychology at Buckingham New University , said there could be evolutionary benefits to possessing the 334 variant .
" There is potentially an advantage if the objective is to survive and spread your genes .
" But there are advantages of being monogamous and having the support of a family .
It 's never a one way street .
Like many things in nature there is a trade off and genes tend to favour their own transmission . "
Paula Hall , a counsellor for Relate , said : " Whilst this gene might create a predisposition , we are not slaves to our genes .
The bond comes from the individuals in the relationship and the quality of their relationship . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A nine - year study in sheep has added to the evidence that Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( vCJD ) can be transmitted through blood transfusion in humans .
The likelihood of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) being transmitted between sheep through transfusion of infected sheep blood was 36 per cent , according to new research .
The findings underline the importance of precautions against Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( vCJD ) transmission , such as the UK Government decision in 2004 to ban blood donations from anyone who had received a blood transfusion since 1980 .
The study published in Blood , the journal of the American Society of Hematology , looked at BSE transmission between sheep through infected blood with the aim of quantifying how vCJD - the human form of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE ) - could be spread through transfusions .
Researchers ( Fiona Houston , Nora Hunter and colleagues ) at the Neuropathogenesis Unit at the Institute of Animal Health , which is now part of The Roslin Institute , University of Edinburgh , found that the likelihood of BSE being transmitted between sheep through transfusion of infected sheep blood was 36 per cent , with rates of 43 per cent found for scrapie .
Fiona Houston , now at the University of Glasgow , who led the research , said : " It is apparent that the stage of disease incubation in infected donors played a large role in the likelihood of transmission .
The longer that BSE or scrapie had been carried by donors , the greater the likelihood of the disease being transmitted with transfusions of infected blood . "
While cases of vCJD are tailing off there are concerns that up to 4,000 people could be carrying the disease in the UK , which could then be transmitted through infected blood causing further infections .
Scientists are working to develop a test for vCJD that can be used before symptoms develop and a filter is also being trialled to remove prions – infective proteins – from donated blood .
Dr Houston said : " The study shows that , for sheep infected with BSE or scrapie , transmission rates via blood transfusion can be high , particularly when donors are in the later stages of infection .
This suggests that blood transfusion represents an efficient route of transmission for these diseases and justifies the current control measures put in place to safeguard human blood supplies .
" While it may not correlate directly to what happens in the human population , due to factors such as species differences in genetic susceptibility to disease , it provides greater insight into the role of how vCJD may be carried through infected blood .
By understanding how vCJD can be transmitted through blood transfusions , we can ensure the most effective control measures to minimise human to human infection . "
BSE is one of a group of rare neurodegenerative disorders called transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( TSEs ) , which include scrapie and vCJD .
Of 22 sheep that received BSE infected blood , eight showed evidence of infection .
Nine out of 21 sheep receiving scrapie - infected blood developed the disease .
To date 167 cases of vCJD have been recorded in the United Kingdom , of which three patients are thought to have received vCJD through infected blood .
Release Date : September 24 , 2020
FEDERAL RESERVE statistical release H.4.1 Factors Affecting Reserve Balances of Depository Institutions and Condition Statement of Federal Reserve Banks September 24 , 2020 1 . Factors Affecting Reserve Balances of Depository Institutions Millions of dollars Reserve Bank credit , related items , and Averages of daily figures Wednesday reserve balances of depository institutions at Week ended Change from week ended Sep 23 , 2020 Federal Reserve Banks Sep 23 , 2020 Sep 16 , 2020 Sep 25 , 2019 Reserve Bank credit 7,032,062 + 40,629 +3,223,547 7,053,440 Securities held outright ( 1 ) 6,438,478 + 58,075 +2,850,488 6,458,738 U.S.
Treasury securities 4,416,105 + 13,346 +2,308,700 4,431,523 Bills ( 2 ) 326,044 0 + 320,042 326,044 Notes and bonds , nominal ( 2 ) 3,764,553 +
10,705 +1,805,605 3,779,831
Notes and bonds , inflation - indexed ( 2 ) 285,918 + 2,058 + 167,772 285,918 Inflation compensation ( 3 ) 39,590 + 583 + 15,281 39,731 Federal agency debt securities ( 2 ) 2,347 0 0 2,347 Mortgage - backed securities ( 4 ) 2,020,027 + 44,729 + 541,789 2,024,868
Unamortized premiums on securities held outright ( 5 ) 332,945 + 2,741 + 205,379 333,951
Unamortized discounts on securities held outright ( 5 ) - 4,870 + 53 + 7,856 - 4,837 Repurchase agreements ( 6 ) 0 0 - 82,250 0 Foreign official 0 0 0 0 Others 0 0 - 82,250 0 Loans 77,924 - 153 + 77,829 78,231 Primary credit 3,137 + 342 + 3,133 3,359 Secondary credit 0 0 0 0 Seasonal credit 35 + 4 - 55 41 Primary Dealer Credit Facility 233 - 14 + 233 233 Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility 7,377 - 276 + 7,377 7,344 Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility 67,141 - 210 + 67,141 67,254
Other credit extensions 0 0 0 0 Net portfolio holdings of Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC ( 7 ) 8,588 0 + 8,588 8,588
Net portfolio holdings of Corporate Credit Facilities LLC ( 7 ) 44,974 + 122 + 44,974 44,972
Net portfolio holdings of MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) ( 7 ) 39,177 + 256 + 39,177 39,355 Net portfolio holdings of Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC ( 7 ) 16,545 + 2 + 16,545 16,546
Net portfolio holdings of TALF II LLC ( 7 ) 11,431 + 244 + 11,431 11,431 Float - 204 + 45 - 75 - 446 Central bank liquidity swaps ( 8 ) 32,610 - 22,209 + 32,568 31,950 Other Federal Reserve assets ( 9 ) 34,465 + 1,456 + 11,038 34,960 Foreign currency denominated assets ( 10 ) 21,680 + 26 + 1,063 21,510 Gold stock 11,041 0 0 11,041 Special drawing rights certificate account 5,200 0 0 5,200 Treasury currency outstanding ( 11 ) 50,397 + 14 + 409 50,397
Total factors supplying reserve funds 7,120,380 +
40,668 +3,225,019 7,141,588 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
Footnotes appear at the end of the table .
1 . Factors Affecting Reserve Balances of Depository Institutions ( continued ) Millions of dollars Reserve Bank credit , related items , and Averages of daily figures Wednesday reserve balances of depository institutions at Week ended Change from week ended Sep 23 , 2020 Federal Reserve Banks Sep 23 , 2020 Sep 16 , 2020 Sep 25 , 2019 Currency in circulation ( 11 ) 2,028,408 - 717 + 266,746 2,029,101
Reverse repurchase agreements ( 12 ) 200,304 + 118 - 93,787 204,352 Foreign official and international accounts 200,296 + 120 - 88,741 204,351 Others 8 - 2 - 5,046 1 Treasury cash holdings
47 - 3 - 123 40 Deposits with F.R. Banks , other than reserve balances 1,897,710 + 98,326 +1,503,659 1,898,360
Term deposits held by depository institutions 0 0 0 0 U.S. Treasury , General Account 1,680,688 + 65,833 +1,366,499 1,661,732 Foreign official 18,871 + 1,648 + 13,686 18,871 Other ( 13 ) 198,152 + 30,845 + 123,475 217,757
Treasury contributions to credit facilities ( 14 ) 114,000 0 + 114,000 114,000
Other liabilities and capital ( 15 ) 49,413 - 2,141 + 4,197 47,652
Total factors , other than reserve balances , absorbing reserve funds 4,289,881 +
95,581 +1,794,691 4,293,506 Reserve balances with Federal Reserve Banks 2,830,499 - 54,913 +1,430,328 2,848,082
Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
1 . Includes securities lent to dealers under the overnight securities lending facility ; refer to table 1A .
2 . Face value of the securities .
3 . Compensation that adjusts for the effect of inflation on the original face value of inflation - indexed securities .
4 . Guaranteed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
The current face value shown is the remaining principal balance of the securities .
5 . Reflects the premium or discount , which is the difference between the purchase price and the face value of the securities that has not been amortized .
For U.S. Treasury securities , Federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities , amortization is on an effective - interest basis .
6 . Cash value of agreements .
7 . Includes assets purchased pursuant to terms of the credit facility and amounts related to Treasury contributions to the facility .
Refer to note on consolidation below .
8 . Dollar value of foreign currency held under these agreements valued at the exchange rate to be used when the foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank .
This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank .
9 . Includes bank premises , accrued interest , and other accounts receivable .
Also includes net portfolio holdings of Maiden Lane LLC .
10 .
Revalued daily at current foreign currency exchange rates .
11 . Estimated .
12 . Cash value of agreements , which are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities , federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities 13 .
Includes deposits held at the Reserve Banks by international and multilateral organizations , government - sponsored enterprises , designated financial market utilities , and deposits held by depository institutions in joint accounts in connection with their participation in certain private - sector payment arrangements .
Also includes certain deposit accounts other than the U.S. Treasury , General Account , for services provided by the Reserve Banks as fiscal agents of the United States .
14 . Book value .
Amount of equity investments in Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC of $ 10 billion , Corporate Credit Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , MS Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC of $ 17.5 billion , and TALF II LLC of $ 10 billion , and credit protection in the Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility of $ 1.5 billion .
15 . Includes the liability for earnings remittances due to the U.S. Treasury .
Sources : Federal Reserve Banks and the U.S. Department of the Treasury .
1A .
Memorandum Items Millions of dollars Memorandum item Averages of daily figures Wednesday Week ended Change from week ended Sep 23 , 2020 Sep 23 , 2020 Sep 16 , 2020 Sep 25 , 2019 Securities held in custody for foreign official and international accounts 3,424,105 +
17,397 - 34,458 3,422,115 Marketable U.S. Treasury securities ( 1 ) 2,987,481 + 21,233 - 27,911 2,988,192
Federal agency debt and mortgage - backed securities ( 2 ) 350,974 - 3,184 - 10,197 348,338
Other securities ( 3 ) 85,649 - 653 + 3,650 85,585 Securities lent to dealers 24,377 - 2,742 - 7,489 24,827 Overnight facility ( 4 ) 24,377 - 2,742 - 7,489 24,827 U.S.
Treasury securities 24,377 - 2,742 - 7,489 24,827
Federal agency debt securities 0 0 0 0 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
1 . Includes securities and U.S. Treasury STRIPS at face value , and inflation compensation on TIPS .
Does not include securities pledged as collateral to foreign official and international account holders against reverse repurchase agreements with the Federal Reserve presented in tables 1 , 5 , and 6 .
2 . Face value of federal agency securities and current face value of mortgage - backed securities , which is the remaining principal balance of the securities .
3 . Includes non-marketable U.S. Treasury securities , supranationals , corporate bonds , asset - backed securities , and commercial paper at face value .
4 . Face value .
Fully collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities .
2 . Maturity Distribution of Securities , Loans , and Selected Other Assets and Liabilities , September 23 , 2020 Millions of dollars Remaining Maturity Within 15 16 days to 91 days to Over 1 year Over 5 year Over 10
All days 90 days 1 year to 5 years to 10 years years Loans ( 1 ) 3,100 3,457 4,420 67,254 0 ...
78,231 U.S. Treasury securities ( 2 ) Holdings
72,212 247,998 671,972 1,665,299 787,290 986,752 4,431,523
Weekly changes +
12,799 - 9,884 + 3,879 + 6,795 + 9,053 + 1,876 + 24,518 Federal agency debt securities ( 3 ) Holdings 0 0 0 0 1,436 911 2,347
Weekly changes 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Mortgage - backed securities ( 4 ) Holdings 0 0 5 2,225 78,972 1,943,665 2,024,868 Weekly changes 0 0 0 + 55 + 111 + 19,666 + 19,833 Commercial paper held by Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC ( 5 ) 0 30 0 ... ... ... 30 Loan participations held by MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) ( 6 ) 0 0 0 1,837 ... ... 1,837 Municipal notes held by Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC ( 7 ) 0 0 1,200 451 ... ... 1,651 Loans held by TALF II LLC ( 8 ) 0 26 0 2,871 ... ... 2,896 Repurchase agreements ( 9 ) 0 0 ... ... ... ... 0 Central bank liquidity swaps ( 10 ) 24,559 7,391 0 0 0 0 31,950 Reverse repurchase agreements ( 9 ) 204,352 0 ... ... ... ... 204,352 Term deposits 0 0 0 ... ... ... 0 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
... Not applicable .
1 . Loans includes primary , secondary , and seasonal loans and credit extended through the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility , Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility , and other credit extensions .
Loans exclude the loans from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) to Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC , Corporate Credit Facilities LLC , Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC , and TALF II LLC , and from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston ( FRBB ) to MS Facilities LLC , which were eliminated when preparing the FRBNY's and FRBB 's statement of condition , respectively , consistent with consolidation under generally accepted accounting principles .
2 . Face value .
For inflation - indexed securities , includes the original face value and compensation that adjusts for the effect of inflation on the original face value of such securities .
3 . Face value .
4 . Guaranteed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
The current face value shown is the remaining principal balance of the securities .
5 . Book value of commercial paper held by Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC .
6 . Book value of the loan participations held by the MS Facilities LLC .
7 . Book value of the municipal notes held by the Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC .
8 . Book value of the loans held by the TALF II LLC .
9 . Cash value of agreements .
10 . Dollar value of foreign currency held under these agreements valued at the exchange rate to be used when the foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank .
This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank .
3 . Supplemental Information on Mortgage - Backed Securities Millions of dollars Account name Wednesday Sep 23 , 2020 Mortgage - backed securities held outright ( 1 ) 2,024,868 Residential mortgage - backed securities 2,015,471 Commercial mortgage - backed securities 9,397 Commitments to buy mortgage - backed securities ( 2 ) 107,312 Commitments to sell mortgage - backed securities ( 2 ) 0 Cash and cash equivalents ( 3 ) 57 1 . Guaranteed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
The current face value shown is the remaining principal balance of the securities .
2 . Current face value .
Includes residential and commercial mortgage - backed securities .
Residential mortgage - backed securities generally settle within 180 calendar days and include commitments associated with outright transactions , dollar rolls , and coupon swaps .
Commercial mortgage - backed securities generally settle within three business days .
3 . This amount is included in other Federal Reserve assets in table 1 and in other assets in table 5 and table 6 .
4 . Information on Principal Accounts of Credit Facilities LLCs Millions of dollars Credit Facilities LLCs : Wednesday Sep 23 , 2020 Net portfolio holdings of Credit Facilities LLCs Outstanding principal Outstanding amount amount of Treasury of loan facility contributions extended to asset and the LLC ( 1 ) purchases ( 2 ) other assets ( 3 ) Total Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC 30 30 8,558 8,588 Corporate Credit Facilities LLC 12,815 12,911 32,061 44,972 MS
Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) 1,837 1,837 37,518 39,355 Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC 1,651 1,651 14,895 16,546 TALF II LLC 2,922 2,896 8,535 11,431 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
1 . Book value .
This amount was eliminated when preparing the Federal Reserve Banks ' statement of condition consistent with consolidation under generally accepted accounting principles .
Refer to the note on consolidation accompanying table 6 .
Loans are extended from the Federal Reserve Bank to the LLC upon settlement of the investment activity .
2 . Outstanding amount of facility asset purchases : a .
For the Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC includes commercial paper at book value .
b.
For the Corporate Credit Facilities LLC includes exchange traded - funds at fair value and corporate bonds at book value .
Asset balances from trading activity are reported on a one - day lag after the transaction date .
c. For the MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) includes loan participations at face value .
d. For the Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC includes municipal notes at book value .
Asset balances from trading activity may be reported on a one - day lag after the transaction date .
e.
For the TALF II LLC includes loans to holders of eligible asset - backed securities at book value .
3 . Includes short term receivables , interest and dividend receivables , and other assets of the facility .
Also includes the portion of the Treasury contribution to the credit facilities , which is held as investments in nonmarketable Treasury securities and the residual portion which is held as cash and cash equivalents at the FRBNY .
The amount of cash and cash equivalents held at the FRBNY are eliminated in consolidation and , as result , are excluded from net portfolio holdings in Tables 1 , 5 , and 6 .
Amounts excluded are initially 15 % of Treasury contributions to the credit facilities from the following consolidated LLCs : Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC , Corporate Credit Facilities LLC , Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC , and TALF II LLC .
Refer to the note on consolidation accompanying table 6 .
5 . Consolidated Statement of Condition of All Federal Reserve Banks Millions of dollars Assets , liabilities , and capital Eliminations Wednesday Change since from Sep 23 , 2020 Wednesday Wednesday consolidation Sep 16 , 2020 Sep 25 , 2019 Assets Gold certificate account 11,037 0 0 Special drawing rights certificate account 5,200 0 0 Coin 1,467 0 - 231 Securities , unamortized premiums and discounts , repurchase agreements , and loans 6,866,084 + 46,788 +3,069,255 Securities held outright ( 1 ) 6,458,738 +
44,351 +2,881,451 U.S.
Treasury securities 4,431,523 + 24,518 +2,323,840 Bills ( 2 ) 326,044 0 + 320,042
Notes and bonds , nominal ( 2 ) 3,779,831 + 24,136 +1,820,626
Notes and bonds , inflation - indexed ( 2 ) 285,918 0 + 167,772 Inflation compensation ( 3 ) 39,731 + 383 + 15,401 Federal agency debt securities ( 2 ) 2,347 0 0 Mortgage - backed securities ( 4 ) 2,024,868 + 19,833 + 557,611
Unamortized premiums on securities held outright ( 5 ) 333,951 + 2,084 + 206,790
Unamortized discounts on securities held outright ( 5 ) - 4,837 + 69 + 7,877 Repurchase agreements ( 6 ) 0 0 - 105,000 Loans ( 7 ) 78,231 + 283 + 78,135
Net portfolio holdings of Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC ( 8 ) 8,588 0 + 8,588 Net portfolio holdings of Corporate Credit Facilities LLC ( 8 ) 44,972 + 49 + 44,972
Net portfolio holdings of MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) ( 8 ) 39,355 + 396 + 39,355 Net portfolio holdings of Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC ( 8 ) 16,546 + 2 + 16,546 Net portfolio holdings of TALF II LLC ( 8 ) 11,431 + 1 + 11,431 Items in process of collection ( 0 ) 59 - 2 + 6 Bank premises 2,195 + 4 + 5 Central bank liquidity swaps ( 9 ) 31,950 - 20,324 + 31,908 Foreign currency denominated assets ( 10 ) 21,510 - 206 + 948 Other assets ( 11 ) 32,767 + 1,979 + 12,662 Total assets ( 0 ) 7,093,161 + 28,686 +3,235,446
Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
Footnotes appear at the end of the table .
5 . Consolidated Statement of Condition of All Federal Reserve Banks ( continued ) Millions of dollars Assets , liabilities , and capital Eliminations Wednesday Change since from Sep 23 , 2020 Wednesday Wednesday consolidation Sep 16 , 2020 Sep 25 , 2019 Liabilities Federal Reserve notes , net of F.R. Bank holdings
1,980,207 - 98 + 265,474 Reverse repurchase agreements ( 12 ) 204,352 + 5,870 - 86,189 Deposits ( 0 ) 4,746,445 + 23,212 +2,938,809
Term deposits held by depository institutions 0 0 0 Other deposits held by depository institutions 2,848,085 - 21,226 +1,420,796 U.S. Treasury , General Account 1,661,732 - 31,077 +1,355,922 Foreign official 18,871 + 5 + 13,684 Other ( 13 ) ( 0 ) 217,757 + 75,510 + 148,406
Deferred availability cash items ( 0 ) 505 + 231 + 370 Treasury contributions to credit facilities ( 14 ) 114,000 0 + 114,000
Other liabilities and accrued dividends ( 15 ) 8,543 - 538 + 3,156 Total liabilities ( 0 ) 7,054,053 + 28,678 +3,235,620 Capital accounts Capital paid in 32,283 + 8 - 174 Surplus 6,825 0 0 Other capital accounts 0 0 0 Total capital 39,108 + 8 - 174 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
1 . Includes securities lent to dealers under the overnight securities lending facility ; refer to table 1A .
2 . Face value of the securities .
3 . Compensation that adjusts for the effect of inflation on the original face value of inflation - indexed securities .
4 . Guaranteed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
The current face value shown is the remaining principal balance of the securities .
5 . Reflects the premium or discount , which is the difference between the purchase price and the face value of the securities that has not been amortized .
For U.S. Treasury securities , Federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities , amortization is on an effective - interest basis .
6 . Cash value of agreements , which are collateralized by U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities .
7 . Loans includes primary , secondary , and seasonal loans and credit extended through the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility , Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility , and other credit extensions .
8 . Includes assets purchased pursuant to terms of the credit facility and amounts related to Treasury contributions to the facility .
Refer to note on consolidation below .
9 . Dollar value of foreign currency held under these agreements valued at the exchange rate to be used when the foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank .
This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank .
10 . Revalued daily at current foreign currency exchange rates .
11 . Includes accrued interest , which represents the daily accumulation of interest earned , and other accounts receivable .
Also includes net portfolio holdings of Maiden Lane LLC .
12 .
Cash value of agreements , which are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities , federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities .
13 . Includes deposits held at the Reserve Banks by international and multilateral organizations , government - sponsored enterprises , designated financial market utilities , and deposits held by depository institutions in joint accounts in connection with their participation in certain private - sector payment arrangements .
Also includes certain deposit accounts other than the U.S. Treasury , General Account , for services provided by the Reserve Banks as fiscal agents of the United States .
14 . Book value .
Amount of equity investments in Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC of $ 10 billion , Corporate Credit Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , MS Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC of $ 17.5 billion , and TALF II LLC of $ 10 billion , and credit protection in the Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility of $ 1.5 billion .
15 . Includes the liability for earnings remittances due to the U.S. Treasury .
6 . Statement of Condition of Each Federal Reserve Bank , September 23 , 2020 Millions of dollars Assets , liabilities , and capital Total Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas Dallas San City Francisco Assets Gold certificates and special drawing rights certificates 16,237 533 5,483 529 761 1,165 2,183 1,137 479 270 450 1,202 2,045 Coin 1,467 28 30 119 80 207 144 243 25 43 99 163 286
Securities , unamortized premiums and discounts , repurchase agreements , and loans ( 1 ) 6,866,084 161,808 3,527,168 161,078 214,572 430,885 504,339 383,200 109,143 71,078 113,960 330,039 858,815
Net portfolio holdings of Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC ( 2 ) 8,588 0 8,588 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Net portfolio holdings of Corporate Credit Facilities LLC ( 2 ) 44,972 0 44,972 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Net portfolio holdings of MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) ( 2 ) 39,355 39,355 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Net portfolio holdings of Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC ( 2 ) 16,546 0 16,546 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Net portfolio holdings of TALF II LLC ( 2 ) 11,431 0 11,431 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Central bank liquidity swaps ( 3 ) 31,950 1,517 10,737 1,150 2,730 6,744 1,585 1,241 524 250 337 379 4,757
Foreign currency denominated assets ( 4 ) 21,510 1,021 7,231 774 1,838 4,539 1,067 835 353 168 227 255 3,202
Other assets ( 5 ) 35,021 2,392 15,424 860 1,150 2,465 2,646 1,980 680 452 845 1,886 4,241 Interdistrict settlement account 0 - 53,492 + 521,249 - 34,115 + 33,613 - 27,701 - 107,880 - 18,442 - 24,648 - 16,828 - 26,886 - 52,329 - 192,541 Total assets
7,093,161 153,162 4,168,860 130,395 254,743 418,304 404,082 370,194 86,555 55,434 89,031 281,596 680,805 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
Footnotes appear at the end of the table .
6 . Statement of Condition of Each Federal Reserve Bank , September 23 , 2020 ( continued ) Millions of dollars Assets , liabilities , and capital Total Boston New York Philadelphia Cleveland Richmond Atlanta Chicago St. Louis Minneapolis Kansas Dallas San City Francisco Liabilities Federal Reserve notes , net 1,980,207 61,483 661,616 56,127 93,629 130,456 280,046 127,429 59,150 33,350 54,385 166,917 255,620 Reverse repurchase agreements ( 6 ) 204,352 4,589 105,805 4,662 6,394 12,808 15,060 11,414 3,229 1,931 3,250 9,849 25,363 Deposits
4,746,445 45,850 3,309,755 67,919 151,092 266,109 106,466 229,266 23,242 19,166 30,721 103,720 393,140 Depository institutions
2,848,085 45,811 1,523,000 67,918 151,052 265,552 106,384 119,412 23,237 19,108 30,684 102,805 393,123 U.S. Treasury , General Account 1,661,732 0 1,661,732 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Foreign official 18,871 2 18,844 1 3 8 2 2 1 0 0 0 6 Other ( 7 ) 217,757 37 106,179 0 37 549 80 109,853 4 57 37 914 11
Earnings remittances due to the U.S. Treasury ( 8 ) 1,806 33 994 38 41 77 139 101 27 15 28 94 219
Treasury contributions to credit facilities ( 9 ) 114,000 39,000 75,000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other liabilities and accrued dividends 7,242 376 2,521 240 282 676 571 453 194 644 227 355 703 Total liabilities
7,054,053 151,330 4,155,691 128,987 251,438 410,125 402,282 368,663 85,841 55,106 88,610 280,935 675,044 Capital Capital paid in 32,283 1,507 10,875 1,162 2,722 6,738 1,461 1,266 602 275 349 580 4,746 Surplus 6,825 324 2,294 246 583 1,441 338 265 112 53 72 81 1,016
Other capital 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total liabilities and capital 7,093,161 153,162 4,168,860 130,395 254,743 418,304 404,082 370,194 86,555 55,434 89,031 281,596 680,805 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
Footnotes appear at the end of the table .
6 . Statement of Condition of Each Federal Reserve Bank , September 23 , 2020 ( continued ) 1 . Securities include outright holdings of U.S. Treasury securities , federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities , including securities lent to dealers under the overnight securities lending facility ; refer to table 1A .
Mortgage - backed securities are guaranteed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
Unamortized premiums and discounts are the differences between the purchase price and the face value of the securities that have not been amortized .
For U.S.
Treasury securities , federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities , amortization is on an effective - interest basis .
Repurchase agreements reflect the cash value of agreements , which are collateralized by U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities .
Loans includes primary , secondary , and seasonal loans and credit extended through the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility , Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility , and other credit extensions .
2 . Includes assets purchased pursuant to terms of the credit facility and amounts related to Treasury contributions to the facility .
Refer to note on consolidation below .
3 . Dollar value of foreign currency held under these agreements valued at the exchange rate to be used when the foreign currency is returned to the foreign central bank .
This exchange rate equals the market exchange rate used when the foreign currency was acquired from the foreign central bank .
4 . Revalued daily at current foreign currency exchange rates .
5 . Includes items in process of collection , bank premises , accrued interest ( which represents the daily accumulation of interest earned ) , and other accounts receivable .
Also includes
Net portfolio holdings of Maiden Lane LLC ; refer to the note on consolidation for additional information .
6 . Cash value of agreements , which are collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities , federal agency debt securities , and mortgage - backed securities .
7 . Includes deposits held at the Reserve Banks by international and multilateral organizations , government - sponsored enterprises , designated financial market utilities , and deposits held by depository institutions in joint accounts in connection with their participation in certain private - sector payment arrangements .
Also includes certain deposit accounts other than the U.S. Treasury , General Account , for services provided by the Reserve Banks as fiscal agents of the United States .
8 . Represents the estimated weekly remittances due to U.S. Treasury .
The amounts on this line represent the residual net earnings that the Federal Reserve Banks remit to the U.S.
Treasury after providing for the costs of operations , payment of dividends , and the amount necessary to maintain a $ 6.825 billion surplus .
9 . Book value .
Amount of equity investments in Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC of $ 10 billion , Corporate Credit Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , MS Facilities LLC of $ 37.5 billion , and Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC of $ 17.5 billion , and TALF II LLC of $ 10 billion , and credit protection in the Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility of $ 1.5 billion .
Note on consolidation : The Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston ( FRBB ) have extended loans to limited liability companies under the authority of section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act .
On April 14 , 2020 , FRBNY began extending loans to the Commercial Paper Funding Facility II LLC ( CPFF II LLC ) , a limited liability company formed to purchase three - month U.S dollar - denominated commercial paper by eligible issuers .
The assets of the CPFF II LLC and the amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to the FRBNY are used to secure the loan from the FRBNY .
On May 12 , 2020 , FRBNY began extending loans to the Corporate Credit Facilities LLC ( CCF LLC ) , a limited liability company formed to purchase eligible bonds or portions of syndicated loans or bonds at issuance through the Primary Market Corporate Credit Facility and to purchase eligible individual corporate bonds and exchange - traded funds through the Secondary Market Corporate Credit Facility .
The assets of the CCF LLC and the amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to the FRBNY are used to secure the loan from the FRBNY .
On June 5 , 2020 , FRBNY began extending loans to the Municipal Liquidity Facility LLC ( MLF LLC ) , a limited liability company formed to purchase municipal notes from eligible issuers .
The assets of the MLF LLC and the amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to the FRBNY are used to secure the loan from the FRBNY .
On June 25 , 2020 , FRBNY began extending loans to the TALF II LLC , a special purpose vehicle that was formed to help support the flow of credit to consumers and businesses .
The assets of the TALF II LLC and the amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to the FRBNY are used to secure the loan from the FRBNY .
On July 15 , 2020 , the FRBB began extending loans to the MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) , a special purpose vehicle that was formed to help ensure credit flows to small and medium - sized businesses and to eligible nonprofits .
The assets of the MS Facilities LLC and the amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to the FRBB are used to secure the loan from the FRBB .
The FRBNY is the managing member of CPFF II LLC , CCF LLC , MLF LLC , and TALF II LLC .
The FRBB is the managing member of MS Facilities LLC ( Main Street Lending Program ) .
Consistent with generally accepted accounting principles , the assets and liabilities of each LLC have been accounted for and consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the FRBNY or FRBB , in the preparation of the statements of condition shown on this release .
As a consequence of the consolidation , the loan from the Reserve Bank to the LLC is eliminated as are any balances held at the FRBNY for LLCs consolidated to FRBNY or FRBB for LLCs consolidated to FRBB .
Treasury contributions to credit facilities are held at FRBNY until invested .
Net assets of the LLC appears as assets on table 6 ( and in table 1 and table 5 ) , and the liabilities of the LLC to entities other than the FRBNY or FRBB , including those with recourse only to the portfolio holdings of the LLC , are included in other liabilities in this table ( and table 1 and table 5 ) .
The amount provided by U.S. Treasury as credit protection to FRBNY and FRBB appears as liabilities on table 6 ( and in table 1 and table 5 ) .
7 . Collateral Held against Federal Reserve Notes : Federal Reserve Agents ' Accounts Millions of dollars Federal Reserve notes and collateral Wednesday Sep 23 , 2020 Federal Reserve notes outstanding 2,131,210 Less : Notes held by F.R. Banks not subject to collateralization 151,003 Federal Reserve notes to be collateralized 1,980,207 Collateral held against Federal Reserve notes 1,980,207 Gold certificate account 11,037 Special drawing rights certificate account 5,200 U.S.
Treasury , agency debt , and mortgage - backed securities pledged ( 1,2 ) 1,963,970
Other assets pledged 0 Memo : Total U.S. Treasury , agency debt , and mortgage - backed securities ( 1,2 ) 6,458,738 Less : Face value of securities under reverse repurchase agreements 194,569 U.S.
Treasury , agency debt , and mortgage - backed securities eligible to be pledged 6,264,169 Note : Components may not sum to totals because of rounding .
1 . Includes face value of U.S. Treasury , agency debt , and mortgage - backed securities held outright , compensation to adjust for the effect of inflation on the original face value of inflation - indexed securities , and cash value of repurchase agreements .
2 . Includes securities lent to dealers under the overnight securities lending facility ; refer to table 1A .
Statistical releases
An array of broken , missing , and overactive genes -- some implicated for the first time -- have been identified in a genetic survey of glioblastoma , the most common and deadly form of adult brain cancer , report scientists from Dana - Farber Cancer Institute and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard , together with their collaborating investigators at 18 institutions and organizations .
The large - scale combing of the brain cancer genome confirms the key roles of some previously known mutated genes and implicates a variety of other genetic changes that may be targets for future therapies .
Among the TCGA findings are the identification of many gene mutations involved in GBM , including three previously unrecognized mutations that occur with significant frequency ; and the delineation of core pathways disrupted in this type of brain cancer .
Among the most exciting results is an unexpected observation that points to a potential mechanism of resistance to a common chemotherapy drug used for brain cancer .
The findings , posted online by Nature on Thursday , Sept. 4 , help solidify and expand the " parts list " of genetic flaws linked to glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) .
Lynda Chin , MD , at Dana - Farber and Harvard Medical School ( HMS ) and Matthew Meyerson , MD , PhD , at Dana - Farber , HMS , and Broad , co-led the writing effort for the first summary of data from the $ 100 million pilot project of The Cancer Genome Atlas ( TCGA ) , funded by the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
The data are released to the public at TCGA 's website as they are generated .
Systematic multi-dimensional genomic studies of patient samples of glioblastoma began in 2006 as the first TCGA program .
The pilot is designed to determine the feasibility of a full - scale effort to systematically explore the universe of genomic changes involved in all types of human cancer and to demonstrate the values of such efforts in advancing cancer research and improving patient care .
The current report in Nature summarizes the interim analyses of data gathered in the GBM pilot study .
" The findings of significant mutations in genes that have implications for therapeutic development illustrate precisely how unbiased and systematic cancer genome analyses can lead to paradigm - shifting discoveries , " said Chin , who chairs the GBM disease working group within TCGA .
advertisement
An exciting example , Chin said , is an unanticipated observation of a link between DNA methylation of specific genes and DNA repair defects , leading to a hypothesis about a potential mechanism of resistance to a common chemotherapy drug used for brain cancer .
The Nature paper complements a parallel study by Johns Hopkins researchers of 22 GBM tumors , which was also published on Sept. 4 in the journal Science .
" These data show that this approach , of looking at large numbers of tumors and a large number of genetic factors , can be done and the results are really valuable , " said Meyerson .
" We have made significant novel findings , and the reproducibility of the data is high . "
Collaborating teams analyzed 206 specimens of glioblastoma tissue donated by patients at four medical centers .
Their approach was " multidimensional " -- looking for several categories of flaws simultaneously .
These included mutations -- " typos " in the DNA code of a gene that alters its function ; too many or too few copies of a given gene ; damage to chromosomes causing loss or dislocation of pieces ; gene activity that is higher or lower than normal ; and changes in DNA methylation -- turning genes on or off without affecting their structure .
advertisement
The researchers also had access to information on how the patients who donated the samples had fared , including how they responded to certain drugs .
Automated machines at three Genome Sequencing Centers , including the Broad Institute center led by Eric S. Lander , Broad Institute director , were set to work reading the DNA messages in the cancer cells ' nuclei .
Of the roughly 20,000 protein - coding genes in the tumor cells , 601 genes were selected by the GBM disease working group for detailed sequencing -- determining the order of chemical " letters " in the DNA -- and comparison .
A second installment of genes is already being sequenced , and Chin and her group are working on additional gene lists for mutational analyses .
Five major gene mutations have previously been identified in glioblastoma cells ; the new sequencing effort revealed three that had n't been discovered .
One mutation affects the NF1 gene , which causes neurofibromatosis .
A second mutation is in the ERBB2 gene known to be involved in breast cancer .
The third affects a gene in the PIK3 signaling pathway that is abnormally activated in a number of cancers , but this particular gene , PIK3R1 , had been only rarely implicated in any cancer .
" Each of these mutated genes defines a new target for glioblastoma treatment , " said Meyerson .
As they examined the data , the researchers found that three signaling pathways -- networks of genes and proteins that act together to carry out a cellular function -- were disrupted in more than three - quarters of the GBM tumors .
They are known as the cyclin - dependent kinase / retinoblastoma pathway that regulates cell division ; the p53 tumor suppressor pathway , which is involved in response to DNA damage and cell death ; and the receptor tyrosine kinase pathway that carries signals that control cell growth .
Chin said that the most exciting finding is that this multipronged study design also enabled the scientists to make a potentially important connection between a methylation change in the glioblastoma cells and which drugs should be used for treatment .
Brain tumors that contain a methylated , or silenced , form of a gene known as MGMT are known to be more susceptible to cancer drug temozolomide ( Temodar ) .
Therefore , Temodar is routinely given along with radiation to patients with MGMT methylation .
But the analysis of methylation in the glioblastoma tumors , when matched with the patients ' medical history , revealed a cautionary sign .
When such patients were treated with Temodar and subsequently had a recurrence of the tumor , it was very likely to become resistant to treatment because of " hypermutation " -- an increased rate of gene changes that led to the tumor 's ability to evade the drugs .
" This could have immediate clinical applications , " said Chin .
The discoveries in the paper are only the tip of an expected iceberg , said the authors .
The " most powerful impact " is expected to come from further research studies carried out by scientists who make use of the data released freely by TCGA , they said .
More than 21,000 new cases of brain cancer are expected to be diagnosed in the United States this year , and more than 13,000 people are likely to die from the disease .
" These impressive results from TCGA provide the most comprehensive view to date of the complicated genomic landscape of this deadly cancer , " said NIH Director Elias A. Zerhouni , M.D. " The more we learn about the molecular basis of glioblastoma multiforme , the more swiftly we can develop better ways of helping patients with this terrible disease .
Clearly , we should move ahead and apply the power of large - scale , genomic research to many other types of cancer . "
Chin is co-principal investigator of a TCGA center with Raju Kucherlapati of HMS , and Meyerson is principal investigator of a TCGA Cancer Genome Characterization Center at the Broad Institute .
Chin is the scientific director of the Belfer Cancer Genomics Center in the Center for Applied Cancer Science at Dana - Farber , and Meyerson directs the Center for Cancer Genome Discovery at Dana - Farber .
The research was funded by grants from the NIH .
Barack Obama ’s Harvard pedigree , soaring rhetoric and professorial demeanor have helped critics paint him as an elitist .
So when he stood Saturday next to his running mate , a new set of characteristics was on display : a public university graduate of modest means , a Roman Catholic who talks like regular folks .
It is true that Joseph R. Biden Jr.'s foreign policy experience may help assure voters who wonder whether the youthful Obama is ready to be commander in chief , and may give the Democrats a voice of gravitas to challenge the Republicans ’ war - hero presidential candidate .
But it was clear Saturday that Biden ’s potential appeal to white , blue - collar Democrats -- those who did not support Obama during the primaries and remained wary of his candidacy -- was also important in Obama ’s selection of the Delaware senator .
The newly minted partners made no secret of such a goal .
Advertisement
As they shared the stage for the first time as the Democratic ticket , they invoked Biden ’s native Scranton , Pa. , no fewer than five times , and Obama called the 65 - year - old Biden the “ scrappy kid from Scranton . ”
It was a less - than - subtle plug for the small northeastern Pennsylvania town that became a touchstone for the primary campaign of Obama ’s chief Democratic rival , Hillary Rodham Clinton .
She often cited her family ’s roots in Scranton to argue that she , more than Obama , understood the travails of hard - working Americans .
With Biden , Obama hopes to acquire some Scranton cred -- not only in the crucial battleground of Pennsylvania but in other states where Democrats can ill afford to lose working - class support , such as Ohio , Virginia and Florida .
“ It ’s nice that you can get a twofer , with one of the heaviest hitters on foreign policy in the Senate and also get someone who has the capacity to reach these lunch - bucket voters , ” said Democratic strategist Bob Shrum , who managed John F. Kerry ’s 2004 presidential campaign .
Advertisement
The presence of the seasoned Biden could complicate matters for Republican John McCain , who is expected to name his running mate shortly after the Democratic National Convention ends Thursday .
Had Obama tapped a less experienced Democrat , such as Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , McCain might have been more likely to go with a fresh GOP face such as Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty .
But some Republicans said privately that they were worried Biden might too easily dominate the vice presidential debate set for October and hoped McCain would opt for a steadier hand , such as former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney or former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge .
Then again , neither Romney , who has backed abortion rights in the past , nor Ridge , who supports them now , has been embraced by the GOP ’s social conservative base .
Democrats seemed to rally around Biden as a strategically smart choice .
Advertisement
While the two men seem a study in contrasts -- young vs. old , black vs. white , political newcomer vs. grizzled veteran , Harvard Crimson vs. Fightin’ Blue Hens of the University of Delaware -- Obama aides hope the Biden biography can help sell skeptical voters on the lesser - known parts of Obama ’s story .
Obama may be known for lamenting the high price of arugula at Whole Foods , but Biden took pains Saturday to talk about his difficult upbringing by a “ single mom who had to struggle to support her son and her kids . ”
Obama aides said they were attracted to the Delaware senator ’s humble beginnings -- and his relatively modest lifestyle .
He has a net worth between $ 59,000 and $ 366,000 , not much for the millionaire ’s club known as the Senate .
“ He ’s still one of the poorest members of the Senate , ” said Anita Dunn , a senior advisor to Obama ’s campaign .
“ He came to Washington to do good , not to do well for himself . ”
Advertisement
Biden arrives on the ticket at a time when some of Obama ’s political vulnerabilities seem to be taking a toll .
A once - healthy lead in most polls has dwindled to a statistical tie after weeks of attack ads by McCain and the GOP portraying Obama as a celebrity out of touch with the needs of everyday people .
The weakest links in the Democratic coalition are whites , Catholics and blue - collar voters -- what would seem to be a tailor - made audience for Biden .
About 10 % of respondents to a Wall Street Journal / NBC poll said they would have voted for Clinton against McCain but will not back Obama .
That group skews female , Catholic , Democratic and / or lower - income , according to GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , who conducted the survey with Democratic pollster Peter Hart .
Although Clinton supporters remain raw over the competitive primary campaign and had still hoped the New York senator would be named to the ticket , Democratic strategists said Biden was a safer choice than others under consideration .
Advertisement
“ Most of those who are disappointed that Hillary Clinton was chosen will readily concede that Joe Biden is a solid choice and highly qualified -- avoiding some of the hard feelings that might have occurred if some of the lesser experienced contenders had been selected , ” said Geoff Garin , who was a top strategist for Clinton ’s campaign .
Democratic strategists believe Biden could help reframe the campaign narrative by focusing attention on McCain and his ties to the unpopular President Bush -- as he did with evident relish in his speech .
In 2000 and 2004 , many Democrats were disappointed when their party ’s vice presidential candidates -- Joe Lieberman , then John Edwards -- were outmatched in their debates against Dick Cheney .
Both Lieberman and Edwards , who were eyeing their own futures as presidential candidates , appeared to fear coming across as overly aggressive .
Advertisement
Strategists expect Biden to be a more effective attack dog -- which is a requirement if Obama is to appear above the fray while voters are reminded why they feel the country has been on the wrong track under GOP leadership .
“ If it ’s a referendum on Obama , then the question is much less about how bad Bush and McCain are and about how good , really , is Obama ? ” said Democratic pollster Mark Mellman .
“ And that ’s where the doubts that the Republicans have tried to create begin to seep in . ”
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Times staff writers Janet Hook and Chuck Neubauer in Washington contributed to this report .
Police confiscate walking stick from retired teacher , 78 , because it is an ' offensive weapon '
Sticking point : Philip Clarkson
Webb has had to use his spare stick after his other one was confiscated by police
They must have known he was a troublemaker the moment they saw him .
With his white hair , wax jacket and glasses , 78 - year - old Philip Clarkson Webb clearly ticked all the boxes any eagle - eyed policemen would mark as ' danger ' .
And as he shuffled along the pavement towards them there was one thing above all they deemed to pose a threat - his walking stick .
The officers surrounded the retired classics teacher and informed him the 3ft wooden cane was an ' offensive weapon ' and had to be confiscated .
Mr Clarkson
Webb duly handed it over , but the farce did not end there .
When he later went to collect it from his local police station in Southborough , Kent , with his police receipt , he was told it had been misplaced .
It took a string of phone calls for Kent Police to finally admit they had lost it and to offer to buy him a brand new one .
Mr Clarkson Webb was caught up by overzealous policing at a climate camp environmental demonstration in Kingsnorth last month .
He was not one of the activists at the climate camp but merely paid a visit to attend a seminar on trade energy quotas .
The police stopped him and confiscated his walking stick as he approached the site where dozens of policemen , some in riot gear , where stationed .
Mr Clarkson Webb said : " At the bottom of the lane Kent Police officers confiscated my stick as an offensive weapon but gave me a receipt and promised to return it .
" But later when I produced my receipt and asked for the stick it was curtly refused .
" Since that date there have been three different telephone conversations .
They 've lost the stick even though it had a numbered receipt . "
Mr Clarkson
Webb has received an apology from the poilce but they still have n't found his stick
Mr Clarkson Webb , who is currently using his spare stick , said : " What this shows is that the efficiency of the police leaves a lot to be desired .
" In total the policing for this climate camp cost the taxpayer £ 6 million .
It was a disgraceful waste of taxpayers ' money . "
Medway MP Bob Marshall
Andrews criticised the police for being " provocative and heavy handed " and said the vast majority of the people at the climate camp were " thoroughly decent people " .
Kent Police Assistant Chief Constable Allyn Thomas has apologised
He said : " We are sorry we have not been able to return Mr Clarkson Webb 's stick and we have apologised to him directly .
" During the climate camp there was a considerable amount of activity and our officers and others from around the country who supported Kent Police had to make swift decisions as part of policing the protestors .
" Any complaints that are made will be looked into thoroughly . "
McCain suspends campaign , wants to delay debate until after bailout vote Nick Juliano and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday September 24 , 2008
Print This Email This Obama wants debate to go on as scheduled John McCain has said he will suspend his presidential campaign Thursday and wants to postpone Friday 's scheduled debate with Democratic candidate Barack Obama to return to Washington and work on a solution to the financial crisis gripping the country .
Obama said he was caught off guard by McCain 's televised proposal and insisted that the American people deserved to hear the two candidates outline their economic proposals during their first side - by - side appearance .
" It 's my belief that this is exactly the time that the American people need to hear from the person who in approximately 40 days will be responsible for dealing with this mess , " Obama said .
" I think that it is going to be part of the president 's job to be able to deal with more than one thing at once .
I think there is no reason why we can't be constructive in helping to solve this problem and also tell the American people what we believe and where we stand and where we want to take the country . "
CNN later reported that a senior adviser to McCain said the Arizona senator " would partake in the debate if they passed an agreement " on the fiscal bailout , but added that McCain " called President Bush and talked to colleagues in Washington and learned that passage of the bailout plan was next to impossible . "
The Republican candidate 's dramatic proposal Wednesday afternoon came after Obama approached him earlier in the day about issuing a joint statement on the economic crisis , Obama said .
Congress is debating a potential $ 700 billion bailout package , and the two senators had remained mum on their plans until Wednesday .
" At 8:30 this morning , Senator Obama called Senator McCain to ask him if he would join in issuing a joint statement outlining their shared principles and conditions for the Treasury proposal and urging Congress and the White House to act in a bipartisan manner to pass such a proposal .
At 2:30 this afternoon , Senator McCain returned Senator Obamas call and agreed to join him in issuing such a statement .
The two campaigns are currently working together on the details , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said in an e-mail to reporters sent immediately after McCain spoke .
McCain strode in front of television microphones just after 3 p.m. to announce suspension of his campaign .
" It 's time for both parties to come together to solve this problem .
we must meet as Americans , not as Democrats or Republicans , and we must meet until this crisis is resolved , " he said , proposing a delay in the debate " until we have taken action to address this crisis . "
Obama is expected to speak soon .
His campaign reportedly wants the debate to go on as scheduled , and the University of Mississippi , which is hosting the debate , expects it to go on as scheduled .
" The debate is on , " a senior Obama aide told ABC News after McCain 's remarks .
McCain 's dramatic and unexpected statement seems to undercut any overtures he might have been making to bipartisanship .
Instead of issuing a joint statement with Obama -- as the two campaigns apparently had discussed -- McCain chose to snag the spotlight for himself with a flamboyant display that portrayed him as putting country above party .
The move is quickly being perceived as a political gambit aimed at changing the campaign narrative away from what had been a series of negative reports .
As recently as Monday McCain had no plans to return to Washington .
The American Prospect 's Ezra Klein is perplexed by McCain 's move .
But this only makes sense if you 've been running , well , John McCain 's campaign .
A bread - and - circus show meant to distract Americans from the issues at hand .
If that 's your model of politics , then it makes a certain sense to suspend your relentless festival of diversion to focus on the financial crisis .
Debates , however , are not planned by Steve Schmidt or run as 30 - second ads .
They are a moment when the presidential candidates appear before the American people and articulate their agendas in detail and at length .
There 's every reason to focus tomorrow 's debate on the economic crisis , but no reason to cancel it .
And , indeed , McCain is not canceling everything .
He is still giving his speech at the Clinton Global Initiative .
He is simply hiding from the debate .
He 's a kid pulling the fire alarm because final is coming up and he has n't studied .
Such a panicked response to declining poll numbers and major national events does not inspire confidence .
You do n't get to call time out when you 're president .
The candidates had been scheduled to meet Friday at the University of Mississippi - Oxford for a debate on foreign policy issues beginning at 9 p.m. , although there 's little chance the economy would have gone unaddressed given the current crisis .
It 's unlikely that Congress would be voting on a bailout during the few hours the candidates would be debating , and Obama previously announced plans to return to Washington Saturday morning .
Congress is expected to remain in session through the weekend to pass legislation addressing the current crisis .
The Nation 's Ari Melber notes it 's unusual that McCain , who has pushed for debates all summer , " is cutting and running from the first one , " and he speculates the decision may ultimately be motivated by McCain 's tanking poll numbers .
Some progressive activists suspected the pleas for bipartisanship and proposal to postpone the debate was little more than a political ploy from the McCain , who missed more votes than any other Senator in the current session of Congress .
Along with his dropping poll numbers , McCain has faced a near revolt from reporters angry about being kept away from his running mate Sarah Palin and persistent questions about his campaign manager 's connection to embattled mortgage lender Freddie Mac .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast September 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
You ’ll probably have seen footage of “ the greatest 100 m performance in the history of the event ” as Michael Johnson put it .
But if not , here ’s short description :
In the Olympic final of the 100 metres in Beijing , the Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt accelerated away from the field and then , with victory assured but with 20 metres still to run , started waving his arms and high - stepping in celebration .
When he eventually crossed the line ahead of his rivals , he appeared to be dancing .
Despite easing up up , Bolt broke the world record by 0.03 seconds in a time of 9.69 seconds .
But his performance raised the question : how fast could he have run ?
Bolt ’s coach later said he could have done it in 9.52 seconds .
Perhaps .
To settle the question , Hans Kristian Eriksen and colleagues at the University of Oslo decided to apply a little physics .
They used video footage of the race to first work out Bolt ’s acceleration profile during the 100 metres and that of the silver medallist Richard Thompson .
Bolt clearly slows down towards the end of the race .
So the Norwegian team calculated what Bolt ’s time would have been had he matched Thompson ’s acceleration in the final 20 metres .
The answer is a stunning 9.61 seconds .
But they also say he could have done better .
Had Bolt outpaced Thompson ’s acceleration by 0.5 m/s^2 , as he did in the earlier part of the race , the Norwegians say he could have run 9.55 seconds ( plus or minus 0.04 seconds ) .
That makes the coach ’s assessment look eminently achievable .
Perhaps he knows something we do n’t .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0809.0209 : Velocity Dispersions in a Cluster of Stars : How Fast Could Usain Bolt Have Run ?
じつは自宅サーバのロードアベレージが上がり続けています。分析の結果、ボトルネックは
I/O 処理でした 。CPU は Athlon64 X2 4400 + ですが、まだまだ当分この CPU で間に合いそうです。HDD は当時は 7200 回転で最速だった HITACHI Deskstar T7K250 SATA2 250GB を RAID1 構成にしたのですが、今思えば速度優先で RAID0 にしておけば良かったと少しだけ後悔。
I/O がボトルネックに成っている理由ですが 、Drk7 jp が公開しているサービスの全てがキャッシュファイルを利用した高速化手法を取っているのですが、単純にそれらファイルの write 処理が追いついていません。常に何らかのプロセスで
I/ O 待ち状態が発生しているような状況です。抜本的な解決方法としては disk を高速なものに交換する以外ありません 。
というわけで、高速な SSD × ３ 本くらいで RAID0 構成で disk を再構築が将来の 夢
ですが、まだまだ SSD の速度と価格を考えると買い時ではないので、延命措置を考えてみました。残る
I/ O パフォーマンスの向上は、本当はやりたくなかったのですが、ext3
のジャーナリングモードの変更による高速が残してありました。
ext3 のジャーナリングモード変更についてまとめます。
- スポンサーリンク -
手順を書く前に、ジャーナリングモードを変更することで本当に
I/O 性能が改善するか？という疑問に対する１つの参考例のご紹介です。個人的にはどこかに導入したくてたまらない memcached 並に高速でありながらファイル上にデータを記録して永続化することができる
Tokyo Tyrant についての記事です 。
mixi Engineers ’ Blog » Tokyo Tyrantによる耐高負荷DBの構築
近頃の有 名Linuxディストリビューションの標準ファイルシステムであるEXT3では、writeの頻度が高いとジャーナリングのために性能が極端に悪くなるという問題があります。試しにデフォルト設定のEXT3でTTを動かしてみたところ、8000QPSくらいで頭打ちになってしまいました。
EXT2を使えばこの問題は起きないのですが、EXT3でも対処することはできます。EXT3にはデフォルトのorderedモードの他に、堅牢性重視のjournalモードと、高速性重視のwritebackモードがあります。このうちで、writebackモードを使うのです。また、readが発生する度にファイルの最終アクセス時刻のメタデータが更新されるのを防ぐために、noatimeオプションもつけます。fstabの設定は以下のようになります。
LABEL=/ hoge / hoge ext3 rw , noatime , data=writeback 1 2
これらをやるだけ でTCおよびTTのパフォーマンスは3倍くらいになり、晴れて実運用の要件を満たすことができました。
というわけで mixi の TT やってる技術者が検証をとっていると言うことで、性能改善があることをまずは信じてみることにして、ジャーナリングモードを writeback に変更することにしました 。
ジャーナリングモードの変更の手順
0. まずは現状の mount 状態の確 認
$ sudo mount / dev / md2 on / type ext3 ( rw , noatime ) none on / proc type proc ( rw ) none on /sys type sysfs ( rw ) none on / dev/ pts type devpts ( rw , gid=5 , mode=620 ) usbfs on / proc / bus / usb type usbfs ( rw ) / dev/md0 on / boot type ext3 ( rw ) none on / dev / shm type tmpfs ( rw , noatime ) none on / proc / sys / fs / binfmt_misc type binfmt_misc ( rw ) sunrpc on / var / lib / nfs / rpc_pipefs type rpc_pipefs ( rw )
じつは既に noatime 設定は実施済みなのですが 、write には全然効果はありませんでした。resad は多少高速化されました 。
1. grub の変更。ルートのジャーナリングモードを変更する
当システムでは、ディスクを３つのパーティションに分けていて / , /boot , swap の構成になっています。本当は CGI のファイルキャッシュ用にパーティションが作ってあって、そこだけ writeback が最適解なのですが、残念ながらすべて / （ルート）配下で管理する構成なので、grub の設定を変更する必要あり。ちなみに Cento OS 環境です 。
kernel の起動オプションとして rootflags=data=writeback を追加します。
$ sudo vi / boot / grub / menu.lst ・・・略・・・ title CentOS ( 2.6.9-55.ELsmp ) root ( hd0,0 ) kernel / vmlinuz - 2.6.9-55 .
ELsmp ro root=/ dev/md2 rhgb quiet rootflags=data=writeback initrd /initrd-2.6.9-55.ELsmp.img ・・・略・・・
2. fstab を編集してマウント時に writeback オプションを有効にする 。
ここも自分の環境に合わせて設定を適宜変更する。設定を変更したいデバイスの行のマウントオプションとして、defaults の後ろに , noatime , data=writeback を追加します。
$ sudo vi /etc / fstab / dev/md2 / ext3 defaults , noatime , data=writeback 1 1 / dev/md0 / boot ext3 defaults 1 2 ・・・略・・・
3. writeback オプションを適用して、各ファイルシステムの属性を変更する。
実行に時間がかかると思いきや、１秒もかからなかった。
$ sudo tune2fs -o journal_data_writeback /dev/md2
4. 再起動
$ sudo reboot
5. 設定確認
再起動後に writeback でマウントされているかを確認する 。writeback と表示されれば成功 ！
$ mount / dev / md2 on / type ext3 ( rw , noatime , data=writeback ) none on / proc type proc ( rw ) none on /sys type sysfs ( rw ) none on / dev/ pts type devpts ( rw , gid=5 , mode=620 ) usbfs on / proc / bus / usb type usbfs ( rw ) / dev/md0 on / boot type ext3 ( rw ) none on / dev / shm type tmpfs ( rw , noatime ) none on / proc / sys / fs / binfmt_misc type binfmt_misc ( rw ) sunrpc on / var / lib / nfs / rpc_pipefs type rpc_pipefs ( rw )
さて、ジャーナリングモードの変更の危険性もちゃんと明記しておかないといけないので、ext3
の３つのジャーナリングモードについてまとめます。マニュアルより抜粋。
data=journal
メインファイルシステムより前に、全てのデータがジャーナルに記録される。
デフォルト。メタデータがジャーナルに記録される前に、全てのデータがメインファイルシステムに直接書き出される。
データの順番は保存されない。メタデータがジャーナルに記録された後で、データがメインファイルシステムに書き込まれる。これはスループットを高くするオプションらしい。このオプションは内部ファイルシステムの完全性を保証する。しかし、クラッシュした後のジャーナルによる回復で、ファイルが昔のデータになることも許されている。
data=ordereddata=writeback
つまり、data=writeback によるジャーナリングはシステムが停電や電源プチッって場合にはタイムスリップしてしまう可能性が大いにあるというわけです。したがって、僕も本当はキャッシュファイル用のパーティションを作ってそこだけ writeback 設定にしたかったので最後の最後までこの技を残しておいたわけですが、先日
UPS も購入して不慮の事態時にも手動でシステム停止するくらいの時間がとれるようになったので、writeback はありかと思った次第です。
設定を変更して約３０分経ちましたが MTRG で計測している I/ O の write の性能が劇的に改善されました。今日一日様子を見てグラフは再アップします。
__追記__
リクエスト数が減っていないけど、I/O 性能が向上していることが確認できました。ジャーナリング周りの性能改善ということなのでしょう。多分。改善されたのでこれ以上解析しません。
トラフィック（≒リクエスト数）
ロードアベレージ（×１００倍スケールで表示）
I /O 性能（ / proc/ diskstats より）
- スポンサーリンク -
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil prices soared nearly 16 percent to over $ 120 a barrel on Monday -- the biggest one - day gain on record -- in a rally sparked by the expiry of the front - month futures contract and weakness in the U.S. dollar .
The gains extend oil ’s climb from a low near $ 90 last week after the United States unveiled a sweeping rescue plan for its battered financial sector , improving the outlook for energy demand in the world ’s biggest consumer nation .
U.S. crude for October delivery , which expires on Monday , settled up $ 16.37 , or 15.7 percent , at $ 120.92 per barrel .
The contract for delivery in November , which was much more actively traded , was up only $ 6.62 at $ 109.37 .
London Brent crude settled up $ 6.43 at $ 106.04 .
“ The market went crazy here and it looks like the weakness of the dollar was a fuel for the sharp price increase .
NYMEX October crude was also expiring and that provoked short - covering , ” said Amanda Kurzendoerfer , commodities analyst at Summit Energy in Louisville , Kentucky .
The U.S. dollar fell 2 percent against the euro on Monday , weighed down by worries about the fiscal impact of the U.S. government ’s $ 700 billion bailout plan aimed at addressing the global credit crisis .
A weaker dollar boosts the purchasing power of commodity buyers using other currencies .
The U.S. government measures to rescue the financial system also have restored confidence that U.S. fuel demand may hold up to economic turmoil better than initially feared .
“ The key driver continues to be the U.S. rescue package , which has changed the sentiment in the oil market , ” said Bank of Ireland analyst Paul Harris .
Since hitting record highs above $ 147 a barrel in mid-July , oil prices had tumbled as evidence mounted that high energy costs and economic woes were undercutting global fuel demand .
U.S. oil demand is running about 4 percent below last year , according to the latest government data .
The slow recovery of the U.S. oil sector after Hurricane Ike also supported prices on Monday , after causing the biggest disruption to the nation ’s energy supplies since 2005 .
Nearly 80 percent of oil production in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico , home to a quarter of all U.S. oil output , remained shut along with seven refineries .
Oil prices also were supported by news China increased crude imports 11.54 percent in August from a year earlier , recovering from a steep July fall , the General Administration of Customs said on Friday , confirming earlier data .
“ The Chinese import news is a sign of recovery , and a good indication that oil prices could get back up again , ” said Christopher Bellew of Bache Financial .
Industry sources also said top oil exporter Saudi Arabia has trimmed oil supplies to major international oil companies and U.S. refiners since the start of September .
Friday , September 12 , 2008
Joe Biden today released ten years of his personal income tax returns , drawing further attention to the tax issues raised by Sarah Palin 's tax problems associated with her per diem reimbursements while governor of Alaska .
I wonder , though , if the move might backfire because the returns show that the Bidens have been amazingly tight - fisted when it comes to their charitable giving .
Despite income ranging from $ 210,432 - $ 321,379 over the ten - year period , the Bidens have given only $ 120 - $ 995 per year to charity , which amounts to 0.06 % - 0.31 % of their income :
It is jarring that a couple earning over $ 200,000 per year would give as little as $ 2 per week to charity .
This giving compares very unfavorably to John McCain , whose tax returns show that he gave 27.3 % - 28.6 % of his income to charity in 2006 - 2007 .
During the same period , the Obamas ' tax returns show that they gave 5.8 % - 6.1 % of their income to charity .
Perhaps the Obama - Biden campaign needs a new slogan : " Change You Can Believe In ( As Long As Someone Else Pays For It ) "
Update : Independent Sector reports that 89 % of American households contribute to charity , with an average contribution of $ 1,620 -- 3.1 % of income .
IRS statistics reveal that the average taxpayer with AGI over $ 200,000 makes over $ 20,000 of charitable contributions :
$ 15,000 - $ 30,000 AGI : $ 1,916 average charitable deduction
$ 30,000 - $ 50,000 AGI : $ 2,158 average charitable deduction
$ 50,000 - $ 100,000 AGI : $ 2,703 average charitable deduction
$ 100,000 - $ 200,000 AGI : $ 4,057 average charitable deduction
$ 200,000 or more of AGI : $ 20,434 average charitable deduction
Press and blogosphere coverage :
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2008/09/biden-releases.html
In other words , run like hell to throw that stuff out .
If the Bush - FDA is actually issuing a warning , it ’s really bad because they never lift a finger even when the evidence is overwhelming .
( They still insist the Bisphenol A ( BPA ) bottled originally produced by Nalgene and loved by backpackers – myself included – are OK to use despite health safety departments and studies around the world suggesting the opposite . )
Would n’t it be nice and a bit of a crazy idea to have food that ’s actually food and then regulate accordingly ?
Just as Bush - McCain Republicans hate regulation in the banking / finance sector , they also have fought against it with food and pharmaceuticals .
Can we quit the little word games that these anti-regulation types keep playing ?
Their extremist right wing theories are killing the rest of us , so just move on .
You failed .
U.S. regulators warned the public on Friday not to consume seven Mr. Brown instant coffee and milk tea products that were made in China because of concerns they may be contaminated with melamine .
The Food and Drug Administration said the products were recalled by King Car Food Industrial Co Ltd “ due to possible contamination with melamine . ”
Infant formula tainted with the industrial chemical has resulted in hospitalization for thousands of Chinese babies with painful kidney stones .
Four have died .
Oh and over 54,000 people in China have become sick .
It 's been a bad week for the RIAA .
First their headline campaign victory over Jammie Thomas was thrown out , and then the government said it ' strongly opposes ' a bill lobbied for by the entertainment industries .
It was a midweek battle that left the RIAA ’s campaign against file - sharers reeling on the ropes .
Until now , the RIAA ’s approach was to throw money at attorneys , who would then take on random targets , unless money and promises were given – ‘ legal mugging ’ as it were .
It must have felt like an attack from behind when the RIAA heard that they lost its only major court victory , with a mistrial being declared in Capitol V Thomas .
Making things worse , the Department of Justice , viewed by some to be the bully ’s trusted lieutenant , turned on the content industries by soundly criticizing a bill aiming to increase copyright and patent enforcement powers .
The Thomas case is now a proverbial millstone around the neck of the RIAA .
At first it looks impressive , and gives a frightening impression to anyone that thinks to challenge them , but now it ’s starting to drag them down .
Not only was the decision in the case thrown out , the statement by the judge in support of the mistrial reads like a critique of the legal arguments put forward by the RIAA over the last 5 years .
Yet , the millstone around the neck is not just in the refuting of legal arguments .
It also extends to the excessive damages that were awarded in the first trial .
The $ 9250 per infringement has been argued to be so far past constitutional restrictions on excessive punishments , that it has brought it into public attention .
Because of this , it may end up reducing the maximum amount of damages and fines that can be awarded , which may also undermine the settlement encouragement ( or ‘ pay instead of fight ’ ) strategy .
The end of the judge ’s order says it all :
While the Court does not discount Plaintiffs ’ claim that , cumulatively , illegal downloading has far - reaching effects on their businesses , the damages awarded in this case are wholly disproportionate to the damages suffered by Plaintiffs .
Thomas allegedly infringed on the copyrights of 24 songs – the equivalent of approximately three CDs , costing less than $ 54 , and yet the total damages awarded is $ 222,000 – more than five hundred times the cost of buying 24 separate CDs and more than four thousand times the cost of three CDs .
While the Copyright Act was intended to permit statutory damages that are larger than the simple cost of the infringed works in order to make infringing a far less attractive alternative than legitimately purchasing the songs , surely damages that are more than one hundred times the cost of the works would serve as a sufficient deterrent .
While 24 songs is more like two CDs ( than the three the court states ) , that damages should go from 4000 x losses ( assuming 3CDs ) to 100x , means that the $ 222,000 would be more like $ 5,550 .
That ’s quite a difference .
The same could be applied to amounts demanded in pre-trial settlements , where the RIAA has often asked too much .
The court ’s math is far more reasonable , despite being calculated using retail CD prices , which have all manner of mark - ups and distribution costs that are not relevant to digital music included .
A digital download does n’t have to pay for the CD blank and does n’t have to pay for transportation to the store .
There are no printing costs or middlemen profit .
The court gives an estimated cost of $ 2.25 per track , the actual cost for a download is more than seven times less than that .
Of course , other arguments , ranging from definition semantics , to trying to use criminal law as precedent , were denied as well .
Some of these arguments were novel , others seemed like desperation .
The other news from Wednesday did n’t help either , especially in the muddling of civil and criminal enforcement of copyright .
The Department of Justice sent a letter to Senators Leahy and Specter over the Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights Act ( EIPRA ) of 2008 , which passed through the Senate judiciary committee last week .
It stated that the Departments of Justice and Commerce had ‘ strong and significant concerns ’ with portions of the act .
In short , they said they did n’t want to be used as free lawyers for the entertainment industry , and also felt that the position of an ‘ Anti- Piracy Czar ’ would be , surprisingly , unconstitutional .
When even the US Justice department , which has seemed indifferent to the US Constitution in recent years , uses it as an excuse to oppose new powers , it could be likened to rats leaving a sinking ship .
Of course , the past week has n’t been only bad news for the RIAA and its members , it ’s been bad press for them too .
On Monday , they elected to proceed to a jury trial in Maverick V Harper , with a date set for November .
The RIAA were unwilling to accept a $ 200 / infringement settlement offered by the judge .
In taking the offer , they would have had a win , but at a lower amount , and left the potential for innocent infringement defenses .
However , with the Thomas mistrial ruling two days later , negating any precedent they hoped to point to , and undermining some of the possible defenses , it may seem they have gambled on a treble - or - nothing bet .
The case in question centers around 38 songs , although only 6 were downloaded by MediaSentry .
What can make this case interesting is that MediaSentry may be in violation of the law , regarding Texas based investigators , and that the age of the defendant – Whitney Harper was 16 when the infringements allegedly occurred – make an innocent infringement defence possible .
Attacking a young girl for actions in her teens may not play well with a jury .
All in all , a bad week for the RIAA , and it may only be the first of many .
We may never know if the article written by New York based attorney Ray Backerman did anything to to bring about a closer examination of the RIAA ’s cases .
Nor can it be overlooked that Wednesdays are not the RIAA ’s best days – exactly a week before the Thomas and DOJ setbacks , they set themselves up as targets of ridicule by suing Beckerman .
They accused him of allegedly doing what they have been repeatedly accused of doing – irony indeed .
Many people are doubtless wondering what excitement October 1st will bring .
The Freedom Beat
August 1 , 2008
One of the things the conventional media does extremely well is to normalize the disintegration of our culture .
This article is a classic example .
Through tone and language , the writer trivializes a major assault on democratic rights , buries objections to it , and makes it sound like just one more interesting thing about living in a city .
DeNeen L. Brown , Washington Post – Checkpoints stand as more than physical barriers against violence .
They separate the wanted from the unwanted .
They are gateposts meant to divide the good from the bad , to keep chaos away from calm .
They are forbidding guardhouses with searing lights , dogs and people in uniforms .
They create assurance in a society that wants certainty .
Sometimes , they succeed .
In the District ’s violence - torn Trinidad neighborhood , the latest checkpoints have provided nine sweet days of peace .. . .
Controversial as they are , checkpoints have tried to divide the good from the bad throughout history .
They have been heralded for disrupting terrorism .
Cursed for disrupting commerce .
Praised as necessary filters of bad intentions .
Condemned for human rights violations .
They hold within them the power to check death .
Here , authority figures look for wires in your shirt or dress , a shaky hand , a nervous eye .
A stutter .
Incongruent behavior .
Even if you have nothing to hide , you ride up to a checkpoint slowly .
Hands on the wheel , careful not to make any sudden movements , although your license and registration are there in your black evening bag on the back seat .
You hold steady as the officer points that bright beam of light , blinding your eyes and obscuring his face .
From inside the car , the officer looks almost supernatural , a guardian at the gate .
You sit still , careful to answer all questions , careful not to hesitate with words , careful to show good intentions .
Hoping only for passage to the other side , the side where the other good people abide .
“ I was stopped on Montello and Owens Place , ” recalls Lowana Coles , 45 , a federal worker who has lived in Trinidad for eight years .
“ I was driving through on my way home and they had the checkpoint up .
I was summoned to pull over , so I pulled over .
They explained what they were doing . ”
She showed the officer her license and proof of insurance .
“ I told him I was glad they were in the neighborhood and wished they could do it more often . ”
A small inconvenience for peace at night .
“ It saddens me to hear these people are being killed literally for nothing , ” she says .
“ I ’m sure it will get much worse before it gets better .
I want to run away , but where will I run to ? ”
Checkpoints date back at least to biblical times , with gates in walls built against aggressors .
Some checkpoints were built of turf , some of earth , rock and stone , stretching for miles , later abandoned when the evil on the other side retreated .
There were the walls of Jericho to protect the city from nomads .
The Great Wall of China , built to withstand the power of the Huns .
The wall of Antonius , an ancient Roman barrier built across Britain , intended as a defense against the people of the north .
The Berlin Wall , constructed in 1961 to keep people in .
Checkpoint Charlie become a symbol of the Cold War , symbolizing the separation of East from West .
Depending on which side you were standing on , it was seen as a gateway to freedom , or a usurper of it .
. .
In conflict zones , checkpoints have been dangerous places to guard — and dangerous places to pass .
Countless soldiers have been killed by seemingly innocent people .
And seemingly hostile , but innocent , people have been killed by soldiers .. . .
The barriers bring with them questions of civil liberties , the right to move unencumbered .
The Partnership for Civil Justice sued the District of Columbia in June to challenge the constitutionality of checkpoints .
“ The District ’s military - style roadblock system was deployed , in part , to give the appearance that the government is addressing this deeply felt need , ” the class action complaint argues .
“ But it is neither constitutional , nor effective . ” . . .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Calorie restriction ( CR ) extends lifespan in most organisms studied , including some of our more distant relatives — e.g. the baker ’s brewer ’s yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
The genetics underlying CR - mediated life extension are currently being worked out ( for details , see our earlier piece , Biogerontology rising ) ; despite lingering controversy , the story is starting to converge .
Specifically , it ’s becoming clear that TOR , Sch9 kinase and regulation of ribosome synthesis play an important role — and , in contrast to earlier models , it ’s seeming less and less likely that sirtuins are involved .
A new twist in the plot comes from a comparative study of two budding yeasts , S. cerevisiae and its close relative Kluyveromyces lactis .
Brewer ’s yeast prefers to ferment ( grow anaerobically ) in glucose - rich environments ( like an extract of malted barley ) , but when carbon is limiting , it starts to grow aerobically .
According to Oliveira et al. this increase in respiratory capacity is essential to the lifespan extension mediated by CR in yeast :
Increased aerobic metabolism is essential for the beneficial effects of caloric restriction on yeast life span Calorie restriction is a dietary regimen capable of extending life span in a variety of multicellular organisms .
A yeast model of calorie restriction has been developed in which limiting the concentration of glucose in the growth media of Saccharomyces cerevisiae leads to enhanced replicative and chronological longevity .
Since S. cerevisiae are Crabtree - positive cells that present repression of aerobic catabolism when grown in high glucose concentrations , we investigated if this phenomenon participates in life span regulation in yeast .
S. cerevisiae only exhibited an increase in chronological life span when incubated in limited concentrations of glucose .
Limitation of galactose , raffinose or glycerol plus ethanol as substrates did not enhance life span .
Furthermore , in Kluyveromyces lactis , a Crabtree - negative yeast , glucose limitation did not promote an enhancement of respiratory capacity nor a decrease in reactive oxygen species formation , as is characteristic of conditions of caloric restriction in S. cerevisiae .
In addition , K. lactis did not present an increase in longevity when incubated in lower glucose concentrations .
Altogether , our results indicate that release from repression of aerobic catabolism is essential for the beneficial effects of glucose limitation in the yeast calorie restriction model .
Potential parallels between these changes in yeast and hormonal regulation of respiratory rates in animals are discussed .
For those of you whose yeast metabolic biochemistry is a little bit rusty :
The alternate carbon sources ( carbohydrates other than glucose ) are ones that S. cerevisiae must metabolize aerobically ( to a greater or lesser extent : they can grow anaerobically , though poorly , on non-glucose sugars , but not at all on glycerol , which absolutely requires respiration ) .
To summarize : Only in S. cerevisiae and only in the context of growth on glucose metabolism ( which happens anaerobically at high concentrations but aerobically at low concentrations ) does CR results in lifespan extension .
When limitation of a carbon source does not result in a net increase in respiration — in S. cerevisiae growing on alternate sugars , or in K. lactis , which prefers to grow aerobically even under glucose - rich conditions — CR does not extend longevity .
The title is too strongly worded for my taste .
The data are ultimately correlative , and I would liketo see more genetic manipulation that tests the hypothesis : for example , using S. cerevisiae mutants that do n’t undergo the shift to aerobic metabolism in response to limiting glucose , or “ high respiratory ” strains that respire constitutively or at least undergo the metabolic shift earlier in the glucose - limitation curve .
( My K. lactis genetics is non-existent , so I do n’t know whether the converse mutants — i.e. , reluctant respirers or “ ready fermenters ” — exist in that species , but if they do , it would be nice to see whether they exhibit CR - mediated life extension . )
But given the huge contributions that yeast has made to biogerontology in general , and to CR in particular , it will be interesting to see whether CR in metazoans is also accompanied by an increase in aerobic metabolism .
If so , is it required for the benefits of CR , and more importantly , what are the molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic shift ?
I used to see Chris Remo at virtually every industry event I attended - this was back when I attended industry events .
He was always in the same spot : camped out low against some wall , laptop open , the perpetual newsman .
I know that the intersection of DRM and the PC gaming community is a nexus of interest to him , and I wanted to offer up a space to collect his thoughts .
- ( CW ) TB
I ’ve been reading Penny Arcade since it was mainly about the PC , the gaming system I grew up with , and a system that still holds a lot of sway in my heart despite my current pan-platform ways .
So when Tycho asked me to write a guest post about DRM , I accepted ( would n’t you ? ) , but I ca n’t say the topic did n’t cause me consternation .
After all , I have n’t entirely made my mind up about this whole DRM mess , currently the Controversy Of The Week among Gamers In The Know — at least , that was the state of affairs last week , when I had to have this post prepared .
It ’s a reprise of BioShock : The SecuROM Wars , this time catalyzed by Spore and , to a much lesser extent by virtue of proportionally less savior - esque hype , Crysis : Warhead — a game , by the way , worth of your attention .
My reaction is mainly one of weariness .
On the one hand , this stuff can be a real pain in the ass .
Though I ’ve had no problems myself , I ’ve heard and read stories of people unable to run DRM - enabled games at all , due to some arcane process conflict that SecuROM has perceived , be it real or imagined .
And let ’s be honest : adding yet another complicated , irritating thing that PC gamers have to deal with surely is n’t helping attract new gamers ( or retain old ones ) to a platform already fraught with complicated , irritating things .
On the other hand , I ca n’t help but feel a lot of the vocal protestors are simply getting caught up in the righteous fury of the moment .
It looks like we ’re at five activations per game now , up from three ; that ’s unlimited installs on each of five PCs , as I understand it , and a deauthorization tool is coming .
Realistically , how much more do you need ?
Obviously , it ’s not as good as “ infinity installs ( plus one ) ” but ca n’t we just come to terms with the fact that no amount of internet petitioning or Amazon guerrilla warfare is going to take the activation limit out of the realms of the finite ?
On , let ’s say , a third hand , it is preposterous that Electronic Arts would release statistics intending to demonstrate that only a negligible number of users are being adversely affected by the limits .
The two games cited are Spore , which released this month , and Mass Effect , which released this year .
( Let me take a brief detour to wholeheartedly endorse Demiurge ’s PC version of Mass Effect , having played both versions . )
Presumably , the majority of those who are challenging these policies are looking a little further than four months ahead .
I as much as anyone can relate to the potential frustration of breaking out an old game no longer supported .
There are certain classics I still replay on something of a bi-yearly basis , and others that never quite leave .
Once you go back beyond a certain year , games do n’t really require anything more involved than a CD key .
Unless you go back beyond an even more distant year , at which point you find yourself needing to find a word in a game manual your mom threw out almost two decades ago .
We ’ve heard countless promises from a number of publishers to the effect of , “ Do n’t worry !
If we ever go out of business , the first thing we do will be to release a DRM removal patch ! ”
( The same goes for Valve ’s Steam , a service I love dearly but whose hypothetical eventual demise causes me the slightest tinge of apprehension as a consumer . )
Really ?
That ’ll be the first thing on your mind when your assets are being liquidated ?
Which employee , at such a defunct or deflating corporation , is going to be tasked with such a directive ?
But , practically speaking , if prospective pirates face such an easy process to run the games coming out today , why should it would be any harder to get those games up and running a decade on ?
Last year , I found a crack for Battle Bugs .
Who else even remembers that shit ?
It ’s sure no Goddamn Spore .
You ’re worried about whether EA ’s DRM servers will still be around in your septuagenarian years , when you ’re looking to relive the carefree Commander Sheppard days of your youth ?
I guarantee a leet Russian haxor will still be maintaining his shifty , popup - infested warez site .
It ’s not the best solution , but it ’s a lot easier to justify if it becomes , literally , the only solution .
It ’s not an ideal safeguard , but it ’s a lot easier to justify if it becomes , literally , the only solution .
On the note of piracy , there is also my suspicion that debacles like this simply give more fodder to the piracy apologists , a group for whom — call me a zealot — I can muster little empathy .
Taking that note further , we ’ve got Hal Halpin of the ECA arguing that Spore has essentially created a new army of pirates .
While I genuinely appreciate his forthrightness in defiantly standing up for the C in his organization ’s acronym , and he probably has a point in that this SecuROM implementation is n’t nearly as effective as intended , it does seem like he ’s basically fanning the flames more than anything else .
In all reality , the type of people who are even aware of the word “ SecuROM ” and what it implies probably did n’t to be “ trained , ” as he puts it , in how to circumvent the thing if they really wanted to .
The whole situation is just a total mess .
Much like how the trappings of the current campaign season can easily have the unintended ( but unevitable ) effect of souring otherwise conscientious citizens on the whole political process , so too does this neverending , soul - eroding procession of DRM coverage that every day populates the gaming sites anew chip away at enthusiasm for the PC platform .
Though it ’s not a popular view , in my mind a lot of gamers are overreacting — look how many people buy music through iTunes , whose DRM mechanics are hardly lenient .
That ’s not meant to be a judgment of right or wrong , it ’s just an observation that may illustrate the gulf between a certain gamer segment and the larger audience that seems to be continually more frightened away by non-casual PC gaming ; I would submit their flight is n’t based on activation limits .
But that arguable overreaction is still the result of a real , borderline - insulting game of tug - of - war that keeps being initiated by publishers .
A game is released with a copy protection scheme that falls enough in the obnoxiously restrictive direction that it ignites the outrage of the forums and blogs , a tiresome PR battle wages for a couple of weeks , and the policy is loosened a bit , by which point some gamers have already walked away for good .
To PC gamers : let ’s stop turning every inconvenience into the plight of Sisyphus .
To publishers generally , and Electronic Arts in this case : doubt not , you will always be called on your shit .
To everyone : God knows the debate about Whether PC Gaming Is Dying is n’t one that needs renewing , so let ’s not give it more fodder .
And , to companies like Stardock : thanks .
Russia 's attack on Georgia has become an unexpected source of support for big U.S. weapons programs , including flashy fighter jets and high - tech destroyers , that have had to battle for funding this year because they appear obsolete for today 's conflicts with insurgent opponents .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has spent much of the year attempting to rein in some of the military 's most expensive and ambitious weapons systems -- like the $ 143 million F - 22 Raptor jet -- because he thinks they are unsuitable for the lightly armed ...
Lisping at JPL
Copyright ( c ) 2002 by Ron Garret ( f.k.a. Erann Gat ) , all rights reserved .
This is the story of the rise and fall of Lisp at the Jet Propulsion Lab as told from my personal ( and highly biased ) point of view .
I am not writing in my official capacity as an employee of JPL , nor am I in any way representing the official position of JPL .
( This will become rather obvious shortly . )
1988 -1991 - The Robotics Years
JPL at the time was in the early planning stages for a Mars rover mission called Mars Rover Sample Return ( MRSR ) .
In those days space missions were Big , with a capital B . The MRSR rover was to weigh nearly a ton .
The mission budget was going to be in the billions of dollars ( which was typical in those days ) .
Against this backdrop I went to work for a fellow named David Miller , who also happened to be my thesis advisor .
Dave had the then - radical idea of using small rovers to explore planets instead of big ones .
In 1988 that was a tough sell .
Very few people believed that a small rover could do anything useful .
( Many still do n't . )
Using some creatively acquired R&D funding , Dave hired Colin Angle ( then a grad student working for Rod Brooks at MIT , now CEO of IS Robotics ) as a summer student .
Colin built a small robot named Tooth , which stood in very stark contrast to the 2000 - pound Robby , which was the testbed for the MRSR mission .
At the time it was more or less taken for granted that AI work was done in Lisp .
C++ barely existed .
Perl was brand new .
Java was years away .
Spacecraft were mostly programmed in assembler , or , if you were really being radical , Ada .
Robby had two Motorola 68020 processors running vxWorks , each with ( if memory serves ) 8 MB of RAM .
( This was considered a huge amount of RAM in those days .
In fact , the Robby work was often criticized for , among other things , being too memory - hungry to be of any use . )
Tooth , by contrast , had two Motorola 68hc11 8 - bit microcontrollers each with 256 bytes of RAM and 2 k bytes of EEPROM .
( In later robots we used 6811 's with a whopping 32 k bytes of RAM . )
( As an indication of just how fast and how radically attitudes can change , the other day I heard an engineer complain that " you ca n't do anything with only 128 megabytes . " )
Both Robby and Tooth were programmed using Lisp .
On Robby we actually ran Lisp on - board .
The Lisp we used was T 3.1 which was ported from a Sun3 to vxWorks with a great deal of help from Jim Firby , who came to JPL from Yale .
Jim also wrote a T - in - common - lisp compatibility package called Common T. Using Common T we could do code development on a Macintosh ( using Macintosh Common Lisp and a Robbie simulator , also written by Jim ) and then run the resulting code directly on Robby with no changes .
Tooth 's processors did n't have nearly enough RAM to run Lisp directly [ 1 ] so instead we used a custom - designed compiler written in Lisp to generate 6811 code .
At first we used Rod Brooks 's subsumption compiler , but later I decided I did n't like the constraints imposed by the subsumption architecture and wrote my own for a language called ALFA [ 2 ] .
ALFA was subsequently used to program a whole series of rovers , the Rocky series , which eventually led to the Sojourner rover on the Mars Pathfinder mission .
( Sojourner had an Intel 8085 processor with 1 MB of bank - switched RAM .
It was programmed in C . More on this decision later . )
Tooth , Robby , and the Rocky series were among the most capable robots of their day .
Robby was the first robot ever to navigate autonomously in an outdoor environment using stereo vision as its only sensor .
( NOTE : The stereo vision code was written in C by Larry Matthies . )
Tooth was only the second robot to do an indoor object - collection task , the other being Herbert , which was developed a year or two earlier in by Jonathan Connell working in Rod Brooks 's mobot lab at MIT .
( But Tooth was vastly more reliable than Herbert . )
The Rocky robots were the first ever microrovers to operate successfully in rough - terrain environments .
In 1990 , Rocky III demonstrated a fully autonomous traverse and sample collection mission , a capability that has not been reproduced to my knowledge in the twelve years since .
The period between 1988 and 1991 was amazingly productive for autonomous mobile robot work at JPL .
It was also , unfortunately , politically turbulent .
Dave Miller 's group was , alas , not part of the organizational structure that had the " official " charter for doing robotics research at JPL .
The result was a bloody turf battle , whose eventual result was the dissolution of the Robotic Intelligence group , and the departure of nearly all of its members ( and , probably , the fact that Sojourner was programmed in C ) .
1992-1993 - Miscellaneous stories
Also in 1993 I used MCL to help generate a code patch for the Gallileo magnetometer .
The magnetometer had an RCA1802 processor , 2 k each of RAM and ROM , and was programmed in Forth using a development system that ran on a long - since - decommissioned Apple II .
The instrument had developed a bad memory byte right in the middle of the code .
The code needed to be patched to not use this bad byte .
The magnetometer team had originally estimated that resurrecting the development environment and generating the code patch would take so long that they were not even going to attempt it .
Using Lisp
I wrote from scratch a Forth development environment for the instrument ( including a simulator for the hardware ) and used it to generate the patch .
The whole project took just under 3 months of part - time work .
1994-1999 - Remote Agent
We used four different Common Lisps in the course of the Remote Agent project : MCL , Allegro , Harlequin , and CLisp .
These ran in various combinations on three different operating systems : MacOS , SunOS , and vxWorks .
Harlequin was the Lisp that eventually flew on the spacecraft .
Most of the ground development was done in MCL and Allegro .
( CLisp was also ported to vxWorks , and probably would have been the flight Lisp but for the fact that it lacked threads . )
We moved code effortlessly back and forth among these systems .
The Remote Agent software , running on a custom port of Harlequin Common Lisp , flew aboard Deep Space 1 ( DS1 ) , the first mission of NASA 's New Millennium program .
Remote Agent controlled DS1 for two days in May of 1999 .
During that time we were able to debug and fix a race condition that had not shown up during ground testing .
( Debugging a program running on a $ 100 M piece of hardware that is 100 million miles away is an interesting experience .
Having a read - eval - print loop running on the spacecraft proved invaluable in finding and fixing the problem .
The story of the Remote Agent bug is an interesting one in and of itself . )
The Remote Agent was subsequently named " NASA Software of the Year " .
Warning !
1999 - MDS
The New Millennium missions were supposed to be the flagships for NASA 's new " better , faster , and cheaper " philosophy , which meant that we were given a budget that was impossibly small , and a schedule that was impossibly tight .
When the inevitable schedule and budget overruns began the project needed a scapegoat .
The crucial turning point was a major review with about 200 people attending , including many of JPL 's top managers .
At one point the software integration engineer was giving his presentation and listing all of the things that were going wrong .
Someone ( I do n't know who ) interrupted him and asked if he could change only one thing to make things better what would it be .
His answer was : get rid of Lisp [ 3 ] .
That one event was pretty much the end of Lisp at JPL .
The Remote Agent was downgraded from the mainline flight software to a flight experiment ( now renamed RAX ) .
It still flew , but it only controlled the spacecraft for two days .
I tried to resurrect Lisp on my next project ( the JPL Mission Data System or MDS ) but the damage was done .
In an attempt to address one of the major objections to Lisp , that it was too big , I hired Gary Byers , who wrote the compiler for Macintosh Common Lisp ( MCL ) to port MCL to vxWorks .
( Along the way he also produced ports for Linux and Solaris . )
The MCL image was only 2 MB ( compared to 16 or so for Harlequin ) , but it turned out not to matter .
Lisp was dead , at least at JPL .
After two years
Gary realized that his work was never going to be used by anyone and he too left JPL .
A few months later I followed him and went to work at Google .
( The work Gary did on the Linux port eventually found its way into OpenMCL so it was not a total loss for the world . )
There were at least two other major Lisp developments at JPL : Mark James wrote a system called SHARP ( Spacecraft Health Automated Reasoning Prototype ) that diagnosed hardware problems on the Voyager spacecraft , and Curt Eggemeyer wrote a planner called Plan - IT that was used for ground planning on a number of missions .
There were many others as well .
All are long forgotten .
2000 -2001 - Google
One of the reasons I stayed at JPL for twelve years was that I was appalled at what the software industry had become .
The management world has tried to develop software engineering processes that allow people to be plugged into them like interchangeable components .
The " interface specification " for these " components " usually involves a list of tools in which an engineer has received " training . "
( I really detest the use of the word " training " in relation to professional activities .
Training is what you do to dogs .
What you should be doing with people is educating them , not training them .
There is a big , big difference . )
To my mind , the hallmark of the interchangeable component model of software engineers is Java .
Without going into too many details , I 'll just say that having programmed in Lisp the shortcomings of Java are glaringly obvious , and programming in Java means a life of continual and unremitting pain .
So I vowed I would never be a Java programmer , which pretty much shut me out of 90 % of all software engineering jobs in the late 90's .
This was OK since I was managing to put together a reasonably successful career as a researcher .
But after Remote Agent I found myself more and more frustrated , and the opportunity to work at Google just happened to coincide with a local frustration maximum .
One of the reasons I decided to go work for Google was that they were not using Java .
So of course you can guess what my first assignment was : lead the inaugural Java development at the company , what eventually became Google AdWords .
Thank God I had a junior engineer working for me who actually knew something about Java and did n't mind it so much .
In the ancient tradition of senior - junior relationships , he did all the work , and I took all the credit .
( Well , not quite -- I did write the billing system , including a pretty wizzy security system that keeps the credit card numbers secure even against dishonest employees .
But Jeremy wrote the Lion 's share of AdWords version 1 . )
I did try to introduce Lisp to Google .
Having had some experience selling Lisp at JPL I got all my ducks in a row , had a cool demo going , showed it to all the other members of the ads team , and had them all convinced that this was a good idea .
The only thing left was to get approval from the VP of engineering .
The conversation went something like this :
Me : I 'd like to talk to you about something ...
Him :
Let me guess - you want to use Smalltalk .
Me : Er , no ...
Him : Lisp ?
Me : Right .
Him :
No way .
2001 -2004
Your tax dollars at work
But I digress .
Commentary
The situation is particularly ironic because the argument that has been advanced for discarding Lisp in favor of C++ ( and now for Java ) is that JPL should use " industry best practice . "
The problem with this argument is twofold : first , we 're confusing best practice with standard practice .
The two are not the same .
And second , we 're assuming that best ( or even standard ) practice is an invariant with respect to the task , that the best way to write a word processor is also the best way to write a spacecacraft control system .
It is n't .
It is incredibly frustrating watching all this happen .
My job today ( I am now working on software verification and validation ) is to solve problems that can be traced directly back to the use of purely imperative langauges with poorly defined semantics like C and C ++.
( The situation is a little better with Java , but not much . )
But , of course , the obvious solution -- to use non-imperative languages with well defined semantics like Lisp -- is not an option .
I can't even say the word Lisp without cementing my reputation as a crazy lunatic who thinks Lisp is the Answer to Everything .
So I keep my mouth shut ( mostly ) and watch helplessly as millions of tax dollars get wasted .
( I would pin some hope on a wave of grass - roots outrage over this blatant waste of money coming to the rescue , but , alas , on the scale of outrageous waste that happens routinely in government endeavors this is barely a blip . )
In the words of Elton John : It 's sad .
So sad .
It 's a sad , sad situation .
My best hope at this point is that the dotcom crash will do to Java what AI winter did to Lisp , and we may eventually emerge from " dotcom winter " into a saner world .
But I would n't bet on it .
NOTES :
[ 2 ] ALFA was an acronym that stood for A Language For Action .
My plan was to eventually design a language that would be called BETA , which would stand for Better Even Than ALFA .
But I never got around to it .
[ 3 ]
This begs the question of why he said this .
The reason he gave at the time was that most of his time was being taken up dealing with multi-language integration issues .
However , this was belied by the following fact : shortly before the review , I met with the integration engineer and offered to help him with any Lisp - related issues he was encountering .
He replied that there were n't any that I could help with .
So while there were issues that arose from the fact that Lisp had to interoperate with C , I do not believe that a good - faith effort was made to address those issues .
Postscript : Many of the multi-language integration headaches were caused by the interprocess communication system that allowed Lisp and C to communicate .
The IPC relied on a central server ( written in C ) which crashed regularly .
Getting rid of Lisp did in fact alleviate those problems ( because the unreliable IPC was no longer necessary ) .
It is nonetheless supremely ironic that the demise of Lisp at JPL was ultimately due in no small measure to the unreliability of a C program .
S T U D I O G H I B L I N E W S
NY Ghibli Retrospective
tototaru : 18 Dec 2011
Many Studio Ghibli films are to be shown on the big screen again at the IFC Center in New York from 12/16/11 through 01/12/12 .
Cick here for details .
Thanks to leonbloy in the tavern for the heads up .
Additional Arrietty newsbits
Paley : 22 Jun 2010
A blog of a Studio Ghibli staff has revealed Arrietty is almost complete , just in the final stages of sound mixing .
A preview will be held for SG 's internal staff on Jun 24 .
A press conference will be held July 1 .
Public preview coming July 2 .
src : Nausicaa.net
The Borrower Arrietty
Paley : 22 Jun 2010
Newer trailer
Teaser for ' Karigurashi No Arrietty ' and theme song sample
Johnny : 09 Feb 2010
' Karigurashi No Arrietty ' ( Arrietty the Borrower ) is the directing debut of Hiromasa Yonebayashi , who has served as an animator on several prior Ghibli films .
The film is adapted from Mary Norton�s The Borrowers , a novel Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata have tried to develop for decades .
( From Twitch via Slashfilm
Happy Birthday Hayao Miyazaki !
tototaru : 05 Jan 2010
Karigurashi no Arrietty
Paley : 16 Dec 2009
Studio Ghibli has officially announced the next featured film titled Karigurashi no Arrietty , a children 's story based on the novel
src :
Karigurashi no Arrietty official site
' Karigurashi No Arrietty ' ( Arrietty the Borrower ) is the directing debut of Hiromasa Yonebayashi , who has served as an animator on several prior Ghibli films .
The film is adapted from Mary Norton�s The Borrowers , a novel Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata have tried to develop for decades .
Studio Ghibli has officially announced the next featured film titled Karigurashi no Arrietty , a children 's story based on the novel The Borrowers by British author Mary Norton .
The movie will be directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi .
" Arrieety 's Song " , the theme song accompanying the new movie is sang by Cecile Corbel and wil be released on Dec. 19th .
Toho will distribute the movie.src : Nausicaa.net << Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next >>
S I T E U P D A T E S
Arriety Section Up
Paley : 21 Nov 2011
The Secret World of Arrietty section is now available with movie and cast info .
Four more cameos found
tototaru : 17 Jun 2010
From comics Peach Girl and Coraline , TV from Robot Chicken and Power Puff Girls : Ghibli Cameo section .
2 more cameos added
Paley : 20 Mar 2010
Peppermint and Toy Story 3 Totoro appearance added to the Ghibli Cameo section .
Pre-order Ponyo today !
Paley : 09 Feb 2010
Will be released on March 2
New Article in Special Coverage
William R. : 19 Sep 2008
An article on the alliance between Disney and Tokuma ( Studio Ghibli 's former parent company ) in now up in Special Coverage .
Check it out !
Downloads back up !
Ben : 15 Sep 2008
Sorry everyone for the Ponyo downloads .
We had some server issues .
They will be back online for a very long time now .
so we hope ...
<< Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next >>
WHO in the world gets a neck tattoo ?
A couple of years back you could have narrowed the answer to gang members , prison inmates , members of the Russian mob and the rapper Lil Wayne .
Then something occurred .
In a mysterious and inexorable process that seems to transform all that is low culture into something high , permanent ink markings began creeping toward the traditional no - go zones for all kinds of people , past collar and cuffs , those twin lines of clothed demarcation that even now some tattoo artists are reluctant to cross .
Not entirely surprisingly , facial piercing followed suit .
Suddenly it is not just retro punks and hard - core rappers who look as if they ’ve tossed over any intention of ever working a straight job .
Artists with prominent Chelsea galleries and thriving careers , practicing physicians , funeral directors , fashion models and stylists are turning up with more holes in their faces than nature provided , and all manner of marks on their throats and hands .
From Damon Romine , Entertainment Media Director , GLAAD :
Actor George Takei , 71 , and Brad Altman , 54 , were the first couple to ever receive their marriage license in the City of West Hollywood .
Takei and Altman will have a wedding ceremony in September in the Democracy Room of the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles .
The couple have been together for 21 years and were invited to be part of the ribbon - cutting ceremony inviting the couples into West Hollywood Park to receive their license .
Many couples even went on to have wedding services performed in the park under wedding gazebos , surrounded by music , flowers and passed decorated cupcakes .
John McCain 's campaign is moving swiftly to disavow a claim this morning by economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin that , as chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee , the senator helped create the BlackBerry .
Matt McDonald , a top McCain aide , said the candidate " laughed " upon hearing Holtz - Eakin 's claim .
" He would not claim to be the inventor of anything , much less the BlackBerry , " McDonald said .
" This was obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer , " McDonald said .
comments closed
permalink
Satellite That Predicts Climate Change About to Launch
September 10th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
British scientists are preparing to launch a revolutionary satellite that will provide precise measurements of the earth ’s gravitational field , which will in turn provide exact measurements of ocean currents .
So why is that important ?
Well , ocean currents transport heat around the planet — and that means that the currents have a huge impact on the earth ’s climate .
The €330 million satellite will map the planet ’s gravitational field once every 70 days for 18 months .
It will orbit at a low altitude — 160 miles — in order to measure tiny gravitational fluctuations .
Expect the satellite to be in orbit in the next two weeks .
And if you happen to be at the Plesetsk cosmodrome near Moscow , you can even watch it launch .
I do wonder about the practical applications of the satellite besides the knowledge of which areas of the world are about to be clobbered by global warming .
Still , even that is useful , as people in affected regions will be able to prepare for what lies ahead .
And maybe it will once and for all prove to global warming deniers that climate change is n’t a farce .
More Posts on Climate Change :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
For most people , the first experimental drags on a cigarette bring on nausea , coughing and other signals from the brain that say , “ Turn back .
This is a bad idea . ”
But for some , they bring a wave of pleasure .
A man smokes a cigarette in front of a pub in Bensheim early July 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Alex Grimm
Those in the second group likely bear a gene type that not only increases their addiction risk , but has been implicated in the development of lung cancer , researchers said on Friday .
“ If you have this variant , you are going to like your earliest experiences with smoking , ” said Ovide Pomerleau of the University of Michigan Medical School , whose research appears in the journal Addiction .
Pomerleau said the finding suggests that for some , smoking even one cigarette is a bad idea .
“ It ’s a trap , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ What they do n’t realize is if they have this kind of genetic make - up , they are on their way to dependency , ” he said , and that raises their risk for lung cancer .
The research is part of a growing understanding of genetic factors involved in nicotine addiction and lung cancer .
Teams of scientists reported earlier this year that smokers who had certain changes in three nicotine receptor genes -- which control entry of nicotine into brain cells -- were more likely to develop lung cancer than other smokers .
This week , Canadian researchers said that , by manipulating receptors for the chemical dopamine , they were able to control which rats in a study enjoyed their first exposure to nicotine and which were repelled by it .
Pomerleau said the field may soon lead to new treatments for nicotine addiction and tests to assess addiction risks .
Smoking causes nine out of 10 cases of lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death in men worldwide and the second - leading cause of cancer death among women .
Pomerleau and colleagues studied data from 435 people .
Some had tried a cigarette but never developed a habit ; others smoked at least five cigarettes a day for the past five years .
Regular smokers in the study were far more likely than those who had never smoked to have a change in the CHRNA5 nicotine receptor gene .
Smokers were eight times more likely to report liking cigarettes from the start .
Pomerleau said work has begun to develop a genetic screen for the CHRNA5 variant .
Two other researchers on the team , Laura Bierut and John Rice at Washington University , hold a patent on the gene variant , which has been licensed by privately held Perlegen Sciences Inc .
Pfizer Inc , maker of the smoking cessation drug Chantix owns a $ 50 million stake in Perlegen .
Pomerleau , who has served on Pfizer ’s scientific advisory board , said he favors development of diagnostic tests , as long as people understand it is not the only risk factor for nicotine addiction .
“ What we do n’t know is far greater than what we do know , ” he said .
It is also at this level that most of the decisions are made about permitting new power plants .
I was thinking about that , and the factors that lead to permitting decisions when I looked at the announcement about T. Boone Pickens new wind farm program .
The plan does not have as immediate an impact as I first understood .
From time to time , and particularly in Comments , there are suggestions and reality based discussions on what individuals can do to change or help with their personal lifestyle changes .
At the other extreme we debate the success , or otherwise , of national programs to address the issue , and certainly there is a need for such a debate .
But there is also an intermediate level , the one where the impact of oil and natural gas cost increases is already clearly apparent , and that is at the level of local , and state government .
And here , while the pain is immediate , remedial steps can either occur quite quickly or much more slowly – depending on the local government understanding of the situation .
The different sizes and scales of the price impact mean that , short of greatly increased supplies of oil becoming available at low cost , ( as readers know an unattainable dream ) alternate solutions and changes to lifestyles and practices will have to be implemented , on a growing scale as the costs of supply continue to rise .
But these answers must be different in different places , and as they seek to address different scales of problem .
An increasing number of stories in Drumbeat , and in the world press , are focusing on the impacts of higher oil prices .
Whether it is in the sacrifices that families must make to stretch their incomes to cover costs , the lack of city and state funding to cover all the utility and maintenance cost increases , or the rising fuel bill that the military must meet , often , particularly in national bases , from existing budgets .
And even in field operations the use of alternate approaches is being considered .
T. Boone Pickens :
Well , that 's the first step to a 4,000 - megawatt wind farm .
This is 1,000 megawatts .
We start receiving those turbines in mid 2010 .
We will have the total 4,000 megawatts finished by the end of 2015 .
That power will go into a transmission line that will tie into the Electric Reliability Council of Texas system in the state of Texas , and it will be transmitted downstate
I first heard him talk about the idea at the ASPO meeting last year in Houston .
At that time the installation of the wind farm was intended just to help with the supply of electricity to the nation .
In the latest version , however , the benefit of the farm is also directed towards the displacement of natural gas as the source of electrical power .
Natural gas use , as you may have noted , has been increasingly , over the last few years , the fuel of choice for new power stations .
And the increase in demand has led to a current increase in US production , although at a significantly higher price .
However , a significant fraction of this new production is coming from shale deposits , where the high level of demand and the decline pattern of the wells ( 50 % drop in the first year and economic exhaustion within 4 years ) means that this is really a transient resource , with drilling having to increase more and more just to keep up with existing demand , and with the likelihood of that not being possible within the next few years .
This becomes germane relative to the Pickens Plan , since by the time it becomes fully effective , it is likely that natural gas will be in significantly shorter supply than it is at present .
As a result any move to change , on a significant scale , the motive fuel for the American fleet from gas and diesel to natural gas power is likely to run out of that fuel , before there has been a significant economic return on the investment .
It runs the risk of becoming an alternative , like corn - based ethanol , which will have limited impact , and where its contribution will turn out to be much less than had been originally hoped .
There have been a couple of stories recently about those seeking divine intervention to lower the prices of gas .
It has been mentioned that , after prayer , it did rain in Georgia last year to help with the drought .
But , sadly , the drought appears to be getting worse .
Should the drought continue , then not only will water levels possibly fall to the level that affects local power stations ( they need cooling water and if the level falls below the intake level then they must shut down ) , but also normal drinking and domestic water supplies will come under increasing threat .
This was quite a concern last year but does n’t seem to be mentioned in recent discussions .
In these times I am more inclined to the thought that I think I first heard in the Alec Guinness movie The Lavender Hill Mob where it is quoted by a ruffian shoplifting a toy train in a department store , “ God helps those , who help themselves ! ”
So what can we do to help ourselves .
There will be local solutions that can be implemented faster than national ones – the Governor in Maine and New England seem to indicate a closer feel to reality than some other states have yet shown .
Each region will have to look to the resources of the region to help with their local needs .
The solar farms in California will not be as successful in Alaska in December , and the wind farms that may be productive where the wind blows strongly may not contribute as strongly in less windy parts of the country .
( When I drove past the wind farm near Hel not all the turbines were turning ) .
On the other hand the pellet stoves that might be a partial solution in places with significant forests , do n’t work too well as a significant fuel contribution in Arizona .
There is considerable awareness , at the local level , of the need to find these solutions .
The problem however , T. Boone Pickens attempts to the contrary , is that most of these local solutions are not going to have much impact on the more critical need , which is for liquid fuels to drive the cars and trucks in the next few years .
And while a number of small companies are now using waste cooling oil , that can only go so far .
It is here , I believe , that we need to have more of a national effort .
So far that effort has n’t seemed to do much for supply .
Apart from playing the blame game , what are we really doing to find new sources of fuel ?
The incentives for corn -based ethanol , and the encouragement of cellulosic ethanol are beginning to appear less than attractive ( except to junior senators from corn growing states such as Illinois ) .
What then can local authorities do about the situation ?
Firstly they need to be aware of the problem , and so , , let me take my hat off to those ( Gail the Actuary being a prime example ) who are willing to go out and talk to local service clubs , council members and folk at that level .
It does not get you the publicity that talking on national TV does , but often it can be more useful .
Talking heads on TV do n’t reach the folk that run the town or city , and who have immediate problems in paying for their fuel bills , or affording asphalt for the road resurfacing program .
Yet these are the folk that need to know what is coming down the pike .
Debbie Cook had some good advice ( pdf ) about how to talk to folk at this level at the Cork ASPO meeting last year .
But before talking to them it might be better to start with the service club programs .
Program chairs for these clubs are always looking for informative talks to their membership ( and it generally comes with a free meal ) .
They are friendly groups of your neighbors and it is a good way to start spreading the word .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Welcome to Surya -- self - styled “ world ’s first ecological nightclub ” where cyclists and walkers get free admission to a club with dance floor so high - tech it generates its own electricity when people move on it .
Welcome to Surya -- self - styled " world 's first ecological nightclub " where cyclists and walkers get free admission to a club with dance floor so high - tech it generates its own electricity when people move on it .
REUTERS / Graphics
The brainchild of 35 - year - old property developer Andrew Charalambous , aka Dr. Earth , Surya has its own wind turbine and solar energy system , with the plan to donate any surplus electricity to local residents .
When clubbers need a rest from strutting their stuff on the dance floor they can relieve themselves at the latest air flush , waterless urinals and low flush toilets as well as taking the opportunity to freshen up with the club ’s automatic taps .
If Princes Harry and William and their aristocratic friends , who are frequently spotted at hot London nightclubs such as Boujis or Mahiki , want to attend Surya they will have to sign a pledge to work towards curbing climate change like all patrons attending the club in north London .
“ Unless we stop preaching to people and use an inclusive philosophy we ’re never going to create the revolution to combat climate change , ” Charalambous told Reuters , explaining why he has invested one million pounds in the club .
“ It ’s also about creating avenues of thought .
Imagine what you could achieve if big corporations adopted this kind of initiative . ”
Charalambous stood as a Conservative parliamentary candidate against the late Labour MP Bernie Grant at the age of 23 and most recently backed Boris Johnson ’s successful campaign this year to become London mayor .
A qualified barrister , now worth in excess of 100 million pounds , his latest business venture will recycle glass , metal , plastic and paper products used in its bar , with Charalambous promising to donate part of the club ’s profits to charity .
The dance floor uses the concept of piezoelectricity , where crystals and ceramics create a charge to generate electricity .
“ We estimate that if you had loads of clubbers dancing vigorously it would provide 60 percent of the club ’s energy needs , ” said Charalambous .
“ With the wind turbines and solar power we aim to provide the energy needs of 14 to 20 local residents .
We are the first free energy - donating business in the world . ”
However , Charalambous ’ claim that his club is the “ world ’s first ecological nightclub ” has raised the hackles of the Sustainable Dance Club ( SDC ) in the Netherlands .
“ They are not sustainable in our rules , ” SDC spokesman Vera Verkooijenat said , ahead of the September launch of Wvatt , which has been dubbed the “ world ’s first sustainable dance club ” .
“ It ’s not only the nightclub , it ’s the whole organization that should be sustainable . ”
But Charalambous dismissed the criticisms , arguing the SDC ’s complaints were typical of the attitude of some holier - than - thou environmental activists , as he defended the idea behind Surya , the Sanskrit term for the Sun God .
“ They ’ve been talking about it for a while , but they have n’t done it , ” said Charalambous .
“ They want to preach to people and that ’s the wrong way go about it . ”
The club , in Pentonville Road , Islington , opens later on Thursday .
No wonder John McCain “ suspended ” his presidential campaign Wednesday to focus in a bipartisan manner on a grave national crisis -- he ’s been pulling the same stunt for nearly a decade now , boosting his poll ratings by pretending not to care about them .
You probably remember his suspension of the Republican National Convention ’s first day of business in order to raise funds and awareness for the victims of Hurricane Gustav ( a move that , besides allowing umpteen convention speakers to praise McCain ’s selfless patriotism , neatly airbrushed the unpopular sitting president and vice president from the proceedings ) .
But McCain first used the tactic to spectacular effect way back in March 1999 , when -- even though his White House run had been chugging along for five months -- he postponed the “ official announcement ” of his candidacy so that the nation could focus as one on the week - old war in Kosovo .
“ It ’s not appropriate at this time , ” the somber senator said then , “ to launch a political campaign . ”
How did that play out ?
As McCain ’s sympathetic first biographer , Robert Timberg , wrote , “ His decision amounted to a masterful political stroke . ”
Overnight , McCain became the go - to guest on cable news shows , rallying the bipartisan cause for military intervention , urging his Senate colleagues to put patriotism ahead of party and saying he ’d rather lose an election than lose a war .
“ Professional politicians of both parties were wowed by McCain ’s beaugeste , ” the Washington Post ’s Mary McGrory wrote at the time ( as noted by Timberg ) .
" [ McCain ] is getting yards of publicity for a non-event . ”
With all that free media -- including separate appearances in a single day on Fox News , CNN , PBS , CNBC and MSNBC -- the Arizona senator ’s poll numbers shot up from the statistically insignificant to the respectable double digits .
McCain enthusiast David Brooks , writing in these pages in February 2000 , identified Kosovo as the metaphorical jumper cables on the Straight Talk Express .
“ Suddenly , ” Brooks wrote , “ McCain was being quoted all over .
He emerged as the most prominent GOP voice on foreign affairs .
As the Carnegie Endowment ’s Robert Kagan noted , Kosovo was the first primary and McCain won it . ”
As this week has shown , the act of “ suspending ” a presidential campaign is a mostly nonsensical idea 40 days before an election .
McCain and his subordinates are still all over television , still running advertisements , still holding conference calls with reporters and still collecting donations .
The only substantive difference between his suspended campaign and the real thing is his threatened unilateral pullout from tonight ’s long - scheduled debate with Barack Obama on foreign policy .
That ’s his ( presumed ) strongest subject , and he would obviously prefer discussing it in a week when the president of the United States was not predicting economic catastrophe unless Congress passes a vague , $ 700 - billion Wall Street bailout .
But if McCain ’s latest “ country - first ” outburst is a mostly empty symbol in terms of actual campaigning , it ’s a meaningful one in other ways .
By taking what was originally Obama ’s behind - the - scenes initiative of cobbling together a joint candidate statement on the bailout package and opportunistically turning that into yet another chance to portray his patriotism as shinier than his opponent ’s , McCain is ripping what little facade remains over his campaign .
This is not an election about ideas or policy ; it ’s an election about a Great Man , facing down an interloper .
The upside to running a Great Man campaign against Obama is obvious :
The Illinois senator is untested and comparatively unvetted at a time of war .
McCain ’s Vietnam heroism , on the other hand , continues to be so jaw - droppingly impressive that even David Letterman had to mention it Wednesday at great length before ripping into the candidate for ditching his show at the last minute .
And , in general , the more of the next few weeks that can be used up stressing vague issues of patriotism and “ cleaning up Wall Street , ” the better McCain ’s chances of continuing to avoid any talk of the elements of his record that key parts of his GOP coalition despise .
( For example , campaign finance reform , a phrase that was not uttered by a single Republican at their national convention , even though it was the centerpiece of McCain ’s 2000 campaign . )
But as many Great Men come to learn , there is a colossal downside built into running a campaign on outsized personal virtue .
The line between stoic , honorable service and showy moral vanity is oftentimes difficult to maintain .
And when a candidate confuses his own political ambitions with the fortunes of his country , that ’s when Great Men turn into self - parodies .
“ I have craved distinction in my life , ” McCain wrote in his 2002 political memoir , “ Worth the Fighting For . ” “ I have wanted renown and influence for their own sake .
That is , of course , the great temptation of public life .
... I have never been able to conquer it permanently , but I have tried . ”
Do n’t say he did n’t warn us .
Matt Welch is the editor in chief of Reason and the author of “ McCain : The Myth of a Maverick . ” matt.welch@reason.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Foreclosures hit another record high in August : 304,000 homes were in default and 91,000 families lost their houses .
More than 770,000 homes have been repossessed by lenders since August 2007 , when the credit crunch took hold .
The report from RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosures properties , is the latest in string of bad news for housing .
Foreclosure filings of all kinds , including notices of defaults , notices of auctions and bank repossessions , grew 12 % in August over July , and 27 % compared with August 2007 .
The 27 % jump over last August represents a more modest year - over - year increase than in previous months , but that 's only because the housing crisis was already underway in August 2007 , which saw a big spike in foreclosures .
" In August 2008 the total number of U.S. properties that received foreclosure filings , as well as the national foreclosure rate , were both the highest we 've seen in any month since we began issuing our report in January 2005 , " Realty Trac CEO James Saccacio said in a statement .
Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) chief economist Doug Duncan is n't surprised by the swelling numbers .
" It 's been my view for a long time that foreclosures wo n't peak until the last three months of 2008 , " he said .
And now that the nation in a recessionary economy , with job losses exceeding 400,000 a month , Duncan speculates that the foreclosure crisis may be drawn out even longer .
" We 've been saying that the foreclosure trend has not yet peaked , " said Doug Robinson , a spokesman for the foreclosure prevention organization NeighborWorks America .
" Before it was a subprime problem , " he said .
" Now , it 's everybody 's problem . "
Putting filings on hold
The August figures would have been worse , had it not been for new legislation passed in several states , including Maryland and Massachusetts , designed to make lenders wait before filing notices of default .
In Massachusetts , for example , a 90 - day waiting period went into effect on May 1 .
Every Massachusetts homeowner now has to be notified of their lenders 's intention to file a notice of default against them , and they get a 90 day window during which they can attempt to bring their payments up to date .
Lenders are prohibited from filing a first notice of default until after that period .
The impact has been immediate .
Realty Trac recorded no new notices of initial default for the state during August .
That helped drive down total foreclosure filings in the state by more than 46 % compared with last year .
Other states did n't fare as well .
Nevada once again had the highest rate of filings in the nation .
One of every 91 households , or 11,706 families , received a foreclosure notice of some kind during the month , and more than 4,000 others lost their homes .
More than 101,000 Californians received foreclosure notices , which comes to about one in every 130 households , while more than 33,000 people there lost their homes .
Arizona had the third - highest rate with one out of every 182 households in default .
All of these states saw tremendous home price run-ups during the boom , which meant that many buyers had to use exotic , risky loans in order to be able to afford a home .
These mortgages include subprime , hybrid adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) that feature two or three years of low introductory rates before the loans reset to higher , often unaffordable levels and cause borrowers to default .
In some of the other hard hit states , such as Michigan ( which had one filing for every 332 households ) and Ohio ( one filing per 444 households ) , which never saw a housing boom , delinquencies are being driven by fundamental economic woes like unemployment , rather than pricey real estate .
Eight of the top 10 worst performing metro areas were in California .
Stockton , in the Central Valley , had the highest rate in the nation with one in every 50 households receiving a foreclosure filing during the month .
" You go up and down the central part of [ California ] and that 's where you 're seeing the carnage , " said Rick Sharga , Realty Trac 's director of marketing .
Home sales are actually up in many of these cities , the prices have dropped , often precipitously .
" What 's selling is the bank owned properties , " he said .
Katie Holmes : From Chic to Shabby in 2008 ( Photos )
Actresshas been getting a lot of flack for her recent fashion choices over the past few weeks .
We did a little research and 2008 has n't been all bad for Holmes , in fact when she is in the mood she can shine with the best of them .
We are going to cut Tom Cruise 's wife and the mother of Suri a little slack just because she has more money than , well .... almost everyone .
Make no mistake , this does n't mean she is always on top of her game .
Try to imagine how hard a transition it would be going from Joey on Dawson 's Creek to one of the most photographed women in the world .
Couple this with the fact that one of her best friends is Victoria Beckham who has been known to wear a gown to the Mall .
We have put together photos from 2008 and I think you will see what we see , that Katie is absolutely stunning no matter what she wears and we are going to lighten up a bit - at least for a day or two .
Photos : WENN
Gang warfare on the streets of London as Asian and black youths battle outside Julie Christie 's house
A warm late summer afternoon on a leafy street in an area colonised by fashionable cafes and shops came to an abrupt end when the peace was shattered by a raw , terrifying eruption of gang violence this week .
Armed with spades , screwdrivers , bars and sticks , two gangs clashed and sent locals fleeing into shops for safety .
This running battle between black and Asian youths - a sickening example of brutal Britain today - was captured by a photographer who had been waiting in the street to take a photo of the actress Julie Christie , who lives nearby .
Savage : Metal poles and sticks are used as weapons as the running battle continues in East London
A group of Asians take on a group of black youths with screwdrivers , spades , metal poles and sticks outside Julie Christie 's home
In one picture , youths wielding sticks and spades attack each other and in another , a youth wearing a hoodie and a baseball cap uses a screwdriver in a stabbing motion .
Some of the gang members wore masks as they charged down the street waving sticks and other assorted weapons - one even brandishing a Wellington boot as a makeshift weapon .
The confrontation happened on Wednesday in streets around Columbia Road , East London , which is home to a popular Sunday morning flower market .
One gang member attacks another with a screwdriver as the two gangs confront one another
The fracas lasted around 20 minutes and involved at least ten gang members .
It is
understood to have flared after an Asian man accused several youths of vandalising his property .
A spokesman for Scotland Yard said it had received numerous calls about the battle .
He added : ' We are reviewing the evidence and will take action to identify the offenders and disrupt any further youth disturbances .
At the age of five , he was smitten by John F Kennedy , then saw his hero reborn in the charismatic senator from Illinois .
Now the presidential hopeful and his power broker are within sight of the ultimate goal - the White House
European leaders got their first glimpse last week of a remarkable Illinois political figure who has drawn strength from his complex personal history , ideals from the legacy of John F Kennedy and hope from an improbable campaign for the US presidency .
They also met Barack Obama , with whom this softly spoken former Chicago Tribune political reporter has forged a personal and political bond that even foes concede has been at the heart of the first serious bid by an African - American for the highest office in the land .
His name is David Axelrod .
And while US law forced a rare brief separation from his candidate during the opening part of last week 's high - profile overseas visit - Obama 's stops in Iraq and Afghanistan were as part of a government - funded Congressional mission - he was very much back at his side for its European leg in Berlin , Paris and London .
With his bushy moustache and piercing , no - nonsense gaze , the 53 - year - old journalist turned political consultant has been a central presence in the presidential campaign .
No one in the inner circle of Obama 's aides has known the junior senator for Illinois longer ; they first met during a voter - registration drive in Chicago in 1992 , five years before Obama first won public office , in the state legislature .
No one is closer to him .
No one , except Obama himself , has had a make - or - break voice in every strategy decision during his march from outsider to front runner in the race for the White House .
For Axelrod , for reasons political , professional but also deeply personal , guiding Obama to victory in November has become more than just a challenge .
It is , say those who know him best , a ' crusade ' .
And it began not with Obama 's formal declaration of his candidacy in front of Illinois 's capitol building on a cold February day 18 months ago , but nearly five decades earlier in Axelrod 's boyhood home of New York .
The year was 1960 .
Axelrod was five , as he would recall the experience to fellow reporters when he began work on the Tribune .
He had been taken by his sister to a campaign rally , where he heard the stirring oratory of another young senator who had set off on a journey to the White House : John F Kennedy .
' David was smitten , that 's absolutely the right word , ' says George de Lama , recently retired news editor of the Tribune , who began at the paper alongside Axelrod as a summer intern and became a friend .
' The experience of seeing Kennedy became etched in his memory - the excitement , the sense that something really important was happening .'
Eight years later , as a 13 - year - old campaign volunteer , he sold lapel buttons and bumper stickers for the short - lived presidential bid of Robert , JFK 's brother .
But if Axelrod 's Kennedy - era sense of political idealism goes a long way to explaining his bond with Obama - and the course of the campaign , from its central message of ' change ' to the echoes of JFK in last week 's huge rally in Berlin - the focus and urgency he has brought to the fight has roots that are deeper and much more personal .
Axelrod was born in New York 's Lower East Side and raised in Manhattan .
His father was a psychologist , his mother a journalist for the city 's crusading left - wing 1940s newspaper , PM .
His early years no doubt helped to give him not only an interest in politics , but a sense that politics mattered .
But they also embedded other qualities remarked upon by friends and colleagues in the political word he has inhabited all his adult life : a sometimes moody introspectiveness .
' Soulfulness ' is the word one friend uses ; a seriousness ; a ' driven ' urge to succeed ; and an ' inner toughness ' .
When he was eight , his parents divorced .
When he was 19 - a tragedy he mentioned publicly for the first time only in a moving Father 's Day article for the Tribune - his father committed suicide .
It began : ' My father died 31 years ago ...' and described him as my ' best friend and hero ' , an immigrant who had fled the anti-Jewish pogroms of eastern Europe , survived an ' unhappy , failed marriage ' , yet never showed any signs of sadness .
It ended : ' It has taken me more than 30 years to say out loud that the man I most loved and admired took his own life . '
By then , Axelrod had moved west , studying political science at the University of Chicago and , first as an intern and , from 1977 , a staff reporter , to the Tribune .
He spent nearly eight years there , becoming City Hall bureau chief and then the paper 's youngest political columnist , before leaving to join the campaign of another Illinois senator , Paul Simon .
Axelrod , says de Lama , was not only an incisive observer and reporter , but a ' beautiful writer - which you can see in some of the Obama speeches ' .
But when he left the paper , ' our editor said it was inevitable - that David loved being in the game more than writing about it ' .
He founded a political consultancy and soon made his mark running the re-election campaign of Chicago 's first African - American mayor , Harold Washington .
He has since done work for clients ranging from the current mayor , Richard M Daley , to presidential hopefuls John Edwards and Hillary Clinton .
But the Washington campaign proved a template for helping other African - American mayoral candidates , leading one commentator early in the Obama campaign to remark that Axelrod had ' developed something of a novel niche for a political consultant - helping black politicians convince white supporters to support them ' .
Yet in Obama , almost from the moment they met , Axelrod seemed to sense something on a far grander scale : a potential for what he described to friends as a ' historic ' agent for change in American politics on the scale of the hero he had seen as a five - year - old .
He helped to run Obama 's campaign for the US Senate in 2004 and was also credited with helping to craft the powerful Democratic convention speech in July 2004 that put him squarely on the national political stage .
' But long before then , ' says Robert Shrum , the political consultant who ran the presidential campaigns of Al Gore and John Kerry , ' I remember David talking about Obama and what an extraordinary person he was . '
Before the presidential election season , with Obama 's hat not yet in the ring , Axelrod told friends he was minded to take time off to produce documentary films .
He had worked for two of the presumed front runners - Clinton and Edwards - and did not see how he could in good faith help one against the other .
But some friends suspect there may have been other factors at work .
Axelrod married a Chicago University classmate , Susan Landau , while working at the Tribune - ' A wonderful woman , ' says de Lama , ' who , I think David would say , has completed him , made him more of a thoughtful , caring person . '
But their family life has not been without its own challenges .
Their daughter Lauren suffered developmentally damaging epileptic seizures as a child and Susan also had breast cancer , from which she has now recovered .
' He was n't going to work for any candidate , ' says de Lama .
' But he did say that if Obama got into the race , he would make an exception .
And I think the health problems of Lauren and Susan ... also gave him a real sense of urgency to make an impact , both in a lot of charity work he and Susan have done for epilepsy and now with the presidential campaign . '
Obama ran .
And even the campaign 's critics say its success has hinged on an unprecedentedly close bond between candidate and chief strategist , particularly as Clinton clawed back Obama 's early lead in the primaries .
' Last September , ' Shrum recalls , ' all the Obama fundraisers were in panic , saying Hillary 's way ahead , we have to go negative on her , we have to begin running negative TV ads or attack her .
And some were going after David , I think .
Obama held a conference call and said look , we know what we 're doing , we have a strategy and we 're going to go ahead with that strategy and you all need to calm down .
' Obama seems to have that kind of quality - an equanimity , a serenity , vision - in almost all circumstances , ' says Shrum .
' And David has it .
They are melded in a lot of ways .
And the fact that David can come over as low key should not disguise the fact that , intellectually , he is very , very high - wattage . '
To Axelrod 's fury , there have been allegations that in its consultancy for business clients , his company has engaged in ' astroturfing ' - PR campaigns that manufacture ostensible grassroots backing for their products .
Even friends say his often sharp sense of humour can be ' offensive ' to those he does n't like or rate .
De Lama says : ' David himself regrets , I think , a comment he made , on behalf of a campaign client , disparaging a rival senator as an " ageing hack in a reformer 's body " . '
But he adds : ' David 's central strength is that he is a genuine idealist .
His critics sometimes say that he falls in love with his clients , that he 's a dreamer - something I think he would recognise . '
In Obama , friends are convinced , Axelrod sees a dream that may come true .
The Axelrod lowdown
Born 1955 , into a middle - class Jewish family .
His father was a psychologist and his mother a journalist .
Best of times ( so far ) 3 June 2008 , when Barack Obama finally crossed the delegates ' threshold to wrest the Democratic presidential nomination from Hillary Clinton .
Worst of times A policeman 's knock on the door at his University of Chicago dormitory in May 1974 with the words : ' David , we just got a call from New York .
The NYPD .
They found your dad in his apartment .
They think it was suicide .
They need you to go home to identify his body . '
After that , mere political knocks , even the recent threat that Obama 's firebrand former pastor , the Rev Jeremiah Wright , might manage to derail his bid for the presidency , must seem trivial .
What he says
' I got into politics because I believe in idealism .
Just to be part of this effort that seems to be rekindling the kind of idealism that I knew when I was a kid , it 's a great thing to do ... so I find myself getting very emotional about it .'
What others say
' He 's not a Karl Rove [ the Republicans ' pugilistic political strategist ] but in his own way he can be just as effective and just as tough .
He does n't back down from any fight . '
George de Lama , recently retired managing editor for news at the Chicago Tribune .
Dark energy is at the heart of one of the greatest mysteries of modern physics , but it may be nothing more than an illusion , according physicists at Oxford University .
The problem facing astrophysicists is that they have to explain why the universe appears to be expanding at an ever increasing rate .
The most popular explanation is that some sort of force is pushing the accelerating the universe 's expansion .
That force is generally attributed to a mysterious dark energy .
Although dark energy may seem a bit contrived to some , the Oxford theorists are proposing an even more outrageous alternative .
They point out that it 's possible that we simply live in a very special place in the universe - specifically , we 're in a huge void where the density of matter is particularly low .
The suggestion flies in the face of the Copernican Principle , which is one of the most useful and widely held tenants in physics .
Copernicus was among the first scientists to argue that we 're not in a special place in the universe , and that any theory that suggests that we 're special is most likely wrong .
The principle led directly to the replacement of the Earth - centered concept of the solar system with the more elegant sun-centered model .
Dark energy may seem like a stretch , but it 's consistent with the venerable Copernican Principle .
The proposal that we live in a special place in the universe , on the other hand , is likely to shock many scientists .
The maverick physicists at Oxford conclude their paper by pointing out that forthcoming tests of the Copernican principle should help us sort out the mystery in the next few years .
Citation : Timothy Clifton , Pedro G. Ferreira , and Kate Land , Physical Review Letters ( Phys. Rev. Lett. 101 , 131302 ( 2008 ) )
Source : American Physical Society
Explore further Quantum light squeezes the noise out of microscopy signals
Neanderthals ( Homo neanderthalensis ) did not become extinct because they were less intelligent than our ancestors ( Homo sapiens ) , says a research team that has shown that early stone tool technologies developed by our species , Homo sapiens , were no more efficient than those used by Neanderthals .
They say their discovery debunks a textbook belief held by archaeologists for more than 60 years .
The team spent three years flintknapping ( producing stone tools ) .
They recreated stone tools known as ' flakes , ' which were wider tools originally used by both Neanderthals and Homo sapiens , and ' blades , ' a narrower stone tool later adopted by Homo sapiens .
Archaeologists often use the development of stone blades and their assumed efficiency as proof of Homo sapiens ' superior intellect .
To test this , the team analysed the data to compare the number of tools produced , how much cutting - edge was created , the efficiency in consuming raw material and how long tools lasted .
Blades were first produced by Homo sapiens during their colonization of Europe from Africa approximately 40,000 years ago .
This has traditionally been thought to be a dramatic technological advance , helping Homo sapiens out - compete , and eventually eradicate , their Stone Age cousins .
Yet when the research team analysed their data there was no statistical difference between the efficiency of the two technologies .
In fact , their findings showed that in some respects the flakes favoured by Neanderthals were more efficient than the blades adopted by Homo sapiens .
The Neanderthals , believed to be a different species from Homo sapiens , evolved in Ice Age Europe , while the latter evolved in Africa before spreading out to the rest of the world around 50 - 40,000 years ago .
Neanderthals are thought to have died out around 28,000 years ago , suggesting at least 10,000 years of overlap and possible interaction between the two species in Europe .
Many long - held beliefs suggesting why the Neanderthals went extinct have been debunked in recent years .
Research has already shown that Neanderthals were as good at hunting as Homo sapiens and had no clear disadvantage in their ability to communicate .
Now , these latest findings add to the growing evidence that Neanderthals were no less intelligent than our ancestors .
Metin Eren , an MA Experimental Archaeology student at the University of Exeter and lead author on the paper comments : " Our research disputes a major pillar holding up the long - held assumption that Homo sapiens were more advanced than Neanderthals .
It is time for archaeologists to start searching for other reasons why Neanderthals became extinct while our ancestors survived .
Technologically speaking , there is no clear advantage of one tool over the other .
When we think of Neanderthals , we need to stop thinking in terms of ' stupid ' or ' less advanced ' and more in terms of ' different . ' "
Now that it is established that there is no technical advantage to blades , why did Homo sapiens adopt this technology during their colonization of Europe ?
The researchers suggest that the reason for this shift may be more cultural or symbolic .
Eren explains : " Colonizing a continent is n't easy .
Colonizing a continent during the Ice Age is even harder .
So , for early Homo sapiens colonizing Ice Age Europe , a new shared and flashy - looking technology might serve as one form of social glue by which larger social networks were bonded .
Thus , during hard times and resource droughts these larger social networks might act like a type of ' life insurance , ' ensuring exchange and trade among members on the same ' team . ' "
The University of Exeter is the only university in the world to offer a degree course in Experimental Archaeology .
This strand of archaeology focuses on understanding how people lived in the past by recreating their activities and replicating their technologies .
Eren says : " It was only by spending three years in the lab learning how to physically make these tools that we were able to finally replicate them accurately enough to come up with our findings . "
This research was funded by the National Science Foundation of the USA and the Exeter Graduation Fund .
Article : Metin I. Eren , Aaron Greenspan , C. Garth Sampson , ' Are Upper Paleolithic blade cores more productive than Middle Paleolithic discoidal cores ?
A replication experiment ' is published by Elsevier , Journal of Human Evolution
With breathtaking speed , the world of large Wall Street investment banks has vanished .
Fabled firms , some more than a century old , have been merged out of existence ( Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch ) , gone bankrupt ( Lehman Brothers ) , or sought asylum as commercial bank holding companies ( Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley ) .
Why on earth did this happen ?
The death of Wall Street has been a long - running , slow - motion crisis , barely discernible to participants who had still booked huge profits in recent years .
Beneath the razzle - dazzle of trading desks and the wizardry of esoteric finance lay the inescapable fact that these firms had shed their original reason for being : providing capital to American business .
The dynastic power exercised by Wall Street tycoons in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was premised on scarce capital .
Only a handful of European countries and their private bankers had surplus capital to finance overseas development .
In this cash - poor world , J. Pierpont Morgan and other grandees exerted godlike powers over American railroads and manufacturers because they straddled the indispensable capital flows from Europe .
With their top hats , thick cigars and gruff manners , these portly tycoons scarcely qualified as altruists .
As Morgan liked to warn sentimental souls , “ I am not in Wall Street for my health . ”
Yet he and his ilk rendered America an invaluable service by reassuring European investors that they would receive an adequate return on their investments , securing an uninterrupted flow of capital .
To safeguard those returns , old - line investment bankers became all - powerful overlords of their exclusive clients .
When they issued company shares , they retained a large block for themselves .
Some clients chafed at these gilded shackles , while others gloried in their servitude .
As the head of the New Haven railroad , a Morgan client , boasted to reporters , “ I wear the Morgan collar , but I am proud of it .
If Mr. Morgan were to order me tomorrow to China or Siberia in his interests , I would pack up and go . ”
Enlarge NASA via AP
The ice confirmation earlier this week was accidental .
After two failed attempts to deliver ice - rich soil to one of Phoenix 's eight lab ovens , researchers decided to collect pure soil instead .
Surprisingly , the sample was mixed with a little bit of ice , said Boynton , who heads the oven instrument .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) 
The Phoenix spacecraft has tasted Martian water for the first time , scientists reported Thursday .
By melting icy soil in one of its lab instruments , the robot confirmed the presence of frozen water lurking below the Martian permafrost .
Until now , evidence of ice in Mars ' north pole region has been largely circumstantial .
In 2002 , the orbiting Odyssey spacecraft spied what looked like a reservoir of buried ice .
After Phoenix arrived , it found what looked like ice in a hard patch underneath its landing site and changes in a trench indicated some ice had turned to gas when exposed to the sun .
Scientists popped open champagne when they received confirmation Wednesday that the soil contained ice .
" We 've now finally touched it and tasted it , " William Boynton of the University of Arizona said during a news conference in Tucson on Thursday .
" From my standpoint , it tastes very fine . "
Phoenix landed on Mars on May 25 on a three - month hunt to determine if it could support life .
It is conducting experiments to learn whether the ice ever melted in the red planet 's history that could have led to a more hospitable environment .
It is also searching for the elusive organic - based compounds essential for simple life forms to emerge .
SCIENCE FAIR : More news and notes on space Other Mars missions have gathered clues that the planet was once warmer and wetter unlike the current desert conditions .
Orbiting probes have found landforms such as gullies and canals that were likely carved by liquid water .
Spacecraft on the surface have found evidence of ancient water by studying minerals in rocks .
Phoenix is the first to touch ice and taste water by melting it .
The ice confirmation earlier this week was accidental .
After two failed attempts to deliver ice - rich soil to one of Phoenix 's eight lab ovens , researchers decided to collect pure soil instead .
Surprisingly , the sample was mixed with a little bit of ice , said Boynton , who heads the oven instrument .
Researchers were able to prove the soil had ice in it because it melted in the oven at 32 degrees — the melting point of ice — and released water molecules .
Plans called for baking the soil at even higher temperatures next week to sniff for carbon - based compounds .
The latest scientific finding is the first piece of good news for a mission that has been dogged by difficulties in recent weeks .
An electrical short on one of Phoenix 's test ovens threatened the instrument , but scientists said the problem has not recurred .
The lander , which spent the past several weeks drilling into the hard ice , also had trouble delivering ice shavings into an oven until the success this week .
NASA said Phoenix has achieved minimum success thus far .
The space agency on Thursday announced that it would extend the mission for an extra five weeks until the end of September , adding $ 2 million more to the $ 420 million price tag , said Michael Meyer , Mars chief scientist at NASA headquarters .
Unlike the twin rovers roaming near the Martian equator , Phoenix 's lifetime cannot be extended much more because it likely wo n't have enough power to survive the Martian winter
The science team also released a color panorama of Phoenix 's landing site using more than 400 images taken by Phoenix .
The view " was painstakingly stitched together , " said Mark Lemmon of Texas A&M University , who headed the effort .
The portrait revealed a Martian surface that was coated with dust and dotted with rocks .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Apple 's App Store for the iPhone and iPod touch has been wildly popular since its launch in early July , despite the numerous problems and bugs users have experienced .
In fact , the store has made $ 30 million in sales in just one month , according to Steve Jobs .
Not only that , but Jobs apparently believes that the sky 's the limit .
" This thing 's going to crest a half a billion , soon , " Jobs told the Wall Street Journal .
" Who knows , maybe it will be a $ 1 billion marketplace at some point in time .
I 've never seen anything like this in my career for software . "
Given Apple 's 30 percent cut on all software sales , that means Apple has made $ 9 million during the first month — not bad for a store that is heavy on the free apps and even heavier on the cheap ones .
While certain games , like Sega 's SuperMonkeyBall , cost $ 9.99 , the large majority of software available through the App Store are between $ 0 and $ 5 .
Jobs said that developers made $ 21 million during the month of July , and that the top ten made $ 9 million all on their own .
It 's certainly good to be on top .
Jobs also admitted to the existence of the application " kill switch " that made headlines across the Mac web last week .
i Phone forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski had discovered what appeared to be a blacklist for third - party apps on Apple 's servers that is downloaded and stored on the iPhone .
At the time , Zdziarski said there was little evidence that the iPhone 's OS was checking the list , and some theorized that it was merely to block apps from accessing the iPhone 's CoreLocation capabilities when they were n't supposed to .
However , when speaking with the WSJ , Jobs openly acknowledged that Apple has the capability to remotely shut down a third - party app in the event that a rogue developer decided to start stealing user data .
" Hopefully we never have to pull that lever , but we would be irresponsible not to have a lever like that to pull , " he said .
Apple apparently believes that the App Store and its accompanying software will help differentiate the iPhone in the market , and ultimately even help sell more devices .
" Phone differentiation used to be about radios and antennas and things like that , " Jobs said .
" We think , going forward , the phone of the future will be differentiated by software . "
Other companies are beginning to hop on board that train of thought as well .
That 's why Google 's Android has had such a push among the open source community ( despite some shady , not - so - open - source things going on behind the scenes ) , and T - Mobile now plans to launch its own version of the App Store across all devices available from the carrier .
However , juggling the distribution of software apps across very different devices with very different software platforms — from Java to Windows Mobile — will undoubtedly present major challenges , making T - Mobile 's venture much larger and more unwieldy than anything Apple has to deal with right now .
Apple , in the meantime , can just continue to coast on its newfound cash cow .
Edit : Corrected a horrible math error !
E.ON Opens 335 MW Wind Power Site in Roscoe , Texas
September 30th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
Last week , E.ON Climate and Renewables officially opened its massive new wind farm in Roscoe , Texas .
The site is now capable of generating an impressive 335.5 MW of electricity , a figure set to rise to 781.5 MW when the farm is completed in mid-2009 .
When finished , the Roscoe site will become one of the world ’s largest wind farms , boasting a total of 627 wind turbines capable of powering more than 250,000 of the state ’s homes .
Commenting on the launch , Frank Mastiaux , CEO of E.ON Climate and Renewables said , “ This project is an example of our strategic drive to move the renewables business from boutique to an industrial scale . ”
The Texan site is one of six that the company runs in the U.S. , five of which are in the lone star state .
Recent developments have shown that E.on has ambitious plans to ramp up its wind power generation capacity .
According to Mastiaux , “ We have managed to grow our worldwide wind power capacity fourfold to 1,800 MW in the last 15 months .
Just under half of that capacity is in the United States . ”
It seems that T. Boone Pickens is n’t the only big money interest in the Texas wind power market .
Image Credit – vaxomatic via Flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Senator Barack Obama raised $ 66 million last month , aides said Sunday , the most prolific fund - raising month of his presidential candidacy but still just a baseline for what the Illinois Democrat has to raise every month to meet his campaign ’s goals in an exceptionally close and hard - fought race .
After a brief respite from negative campaigning in deference to the damaging passage of Hurricane Ike , both sides resumed fire .
Over the weekend , Mr. Obama depicted Senator John McCain as “ out of touch ” while a McCain surrogate accused Democrats on Sunday of “ ageism ” in such portrayals of the 72 - year - old senator .
Mr. Obama is not taking public financing  the $ 84 million cash infusion from a government presidential - election fund that Mr. McCain will receive  so his fund - raising burden is considerably higher than his Republican rival’s .
But almost more important than Mr. Obama ’s August total may be the fact that it came partly from a half - million first - time donors , most of them far from having contributed the full $ 2,300 per person allowed in any general election .
Donna Rowley from Newtownards took this photograph of Emma White taking a tumble from Priddy Isabella at the Glenarm one - day eventing competition .
Neither horse or rider were injured .
This is just a quick alert to encourage you to check out a couple of interesting small stories elsewhere in The Times .
One is a report on the Wheels blog by my friend Jim Motavalli about the possible rebirth of the “ air car , ” a vehicle that runs on compressed air and a small amount of fuel to run a heater that boosts its range ( it is said to get the equivalent of more than 100 miles per gallon when you account for the energy it takes to compress the air ) .
There ’s lots more at the link above and in a story on the pneumatic - car technology written by Jim in 2000 .
Another is a story about tiny houses , which resonated particularly because on Tuesday night I went to an art show in Beacon , N.Y. , organized by friends , including the sculptor Simon Draper , who are building tiny free - standing artists ’ “ habitats . ”
The Times story , by Steven Kurutz , descrbes a growing “ small house movement , whose adherents believe in minimizing one ’s footprint — structural as well as carbon — by living in spaces that are smaller than 1,000 square feet and , in some cases , smaller than 100 .
Tiny houses have been a fringe curiosity for a decade or more , but devotees believe the concept ’s time has finally arrived . ”
Have a look and write a ( small ) comment .
Below is a video showing Simon Draper building a tiny artist ’s shed ( set to music by the songwriter Dar Williams , for whom he ’s also building a similar creative nook ) .
I feel almost shy about writing this column .
It contains no revelations , no call to arms .
No one gets savaged - well , only mildly .
The subject is almost inconsequential .
Yet it has become an obsession which , at this time of year , forbids me to concentrate for long on anything else .
Though we still subsist largely on junk , even bilious old gits like me are forced to admit that the quality and variety of most types of food sold in Britain has greatly improved .
But one kind has deteriorated .
You can buy mangoes , papayas , custard apples , persimmons , pomegranates , mangosteens , lychees , rambutans and god knows what else .
But almost all the fruit sold here now seems to taste the same : either rock - hard and dry , or wet and bland .
A mango may be ambrosia in India ; it tastes like soggy toilet paper in the UK .
And the variety of native fruits on sale is smaller than it has been for 200 years .
Why ?
Most people believe it's because the supermarkets select for appearance , not taste .
This might be true for vegetables , but for fruit it 's evidently wrong .
Green mangoes , Conference pears , unripe Bramley , Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples look about as appealing as a shrink - wrapped stool .
Appearance has nothing to do with it .
What counts to the retailer is how well the variety travels .
Take the Egremont Russet , for example .
It 's a small apple that looks like a conker wrapped in sandpaper .
But it has one inestimable quality .
It can be dropped from the top of Canary Wharf , smash a kerbstone and come to no harm .
This means it can be trucked from an orchard at Land 's End to a packing plant in John O'Groats , via Sydney , Washington and Vladivostock , then back to a superstore in Penzance ( this is the preferred route for most of the fruit sold in the UK ) and remain fit for sale .
The supermarkets must have had some trouble shifting it because of its strange appearance , so they promoted it as a connoisseur 's apple .
Such is our suggestibility that almost everyone believes this , even though a dispassionate tasting would show you that it's as sweet and juicy as a box of Kleenex .
For the same reason , we are assaulted with Conference pears , most of which resemble some kind of heavy ordnance , rather than any one of a hundred exquisite varieties such as the Durondeau , Belle Julie , Urbaniste , Glou Morceau , Ambrosia , Professeur du Breuil or Althorp Crasanne .
It is because these pears are so delicious that they can not be marketed .
They melt in the mouth , which means they would also melt in the truck before it left the farm gate .
As the best pears , plums , peaches and cherries are those which go soft and juicy when ripe , the grocers ensure that we never eat them .
To compound the problem , the supermarkets demand that fruit is picked long before it ripens : it does n't soften until it rots .
This makes great commercial sense .
It also ensures that no one in his right mind would want to eat it .
But , happily for the retailers , we have forgotten what fruit should taste like .
The only way to find out is either to travel abroad or - the low - carbon option - to grow your own .
I find myself becoming a fruit evangelist , a fructivist , whose mission is to show people what they are missing .
When I lived in Oxford , at a time when allotments were underused , I spent a week in the Bodleian library reading Hogg and Bull 's Herefordshire Pomona , a massive book of apples and pears , written in the 1870s ( you can now buy it on CD from the Marcher Apple Network ) .
Then I cleared two and a half plots and planted the best varieties I could find .
I left just as the trees were ready to fruit .
But land here in mid-Wales is cheap .
I bought half an acre and have started planting a second orchard .
When I first tried to place an order , I caused great excitement among the nurseries I phoned .
Where had I seen these apples ?
Who recommended them ?
Two of them , I discovered , had been extinct for at least 50 years .
So I have had to settle for second best , by which I mean breeds that still exist .
I began by planting a Ribston Pippin and an Ashmead 's Kernel .
These apples , both exquisite when fully ripe , can be stored from October till May .
To spread the fruit as far through the year as possible , I have ordered an apple called the Irish Peach , which ripens in early August ; a St Edmund 's Pippin ( September ) and a Wyken Pippin ( December to April ) .
After a long search I think I have pinned down the apple I once tasted and loved in a friend 's garden .
I 'm pretty confident that it was a Forfar , also know as the Dutch Mignonne , so I 've bought one of those too .
If I 'd had more space , I would also have planted a Catshead , a Boston Russet , a Sturmer Pippin and a Reinette Grise .
I have bought two pears - a Seckle and a Beurré Rance - a green plum ( the Cambridge Gage ) , a fig , a medlar , a peach , currants , gooseberries , raspberries , loganberries and blueberries .
But what excites me most are the suggestions made by a man called Ken Fern .
Once a London bus driver , Fern has spent most of his life cataloguing and growing the edible species of fruit and vegetable which can survive in this country .
His list now extends to 7,000 , some of which are featured in his book Plants for a Future .
I 've decided to buy an Arnold Thorn ( Crataegus arnoldiana ) , which belongs to the same genus as the hawthorn , but grows sweet juicy fruits the size of cherries , and to replace my hedge with Elaeagnus x ebbingei , which produces sweet red berries with edible seeds , in ( uniquely ) April and May .
This means , if it works out , that I can eat fresh fruit all the year round .
I can store apples and Beurré Rance pears until the Eleagnus fruits , then my strawberries should be ready more or less when it stops .
One day , when I can afford it , I will buy more land and plant a few dozen of the weird species Fern has found .
Most people have less space than I do , but even a tiny garden can support half a dozen apple trees , if you grow them as cordons ( single stems with short spurs ) 80 cm apart against a wall .
If you have room for only a couple of pots , you could grow blueberries , strawberries , cranberries or some of the little shrubs Fern recommends , such as Vaccinium praestans and Gaultheria shallon .
Or you could become a guerrilla planter or guerrilla grafter , growing fruit on roadsides , on commons and in parks and wasteland .
Apple twigs of any kind can be grafted on to crab trees .
Medlars and one breed of pear ( a delicious variety called Joséphine des Malines ) can be grafted on to hawthorn .
Kiwi fruit , passion fruit and a vine called Schisandra grandiflora will climb into trees of any kind .
It 's not just the produce I love .
When you start growing fruit , you enter a world of recondite knowledge , accumulated over centuries of amateur experiments .
You must choose the right rootstocks and pollinators and learn about bees , birds and caterpillars .
But above all you must learn patience .
Growing fruit forces you to think ahead , to imagine a sweeter future and then to wait .
Perhaps it is this , as much as the forgotten flavours , that I have been missing .
monbiot.com
HOUSTON  Albert J. Stanley , a former executive with a Halliburton subsidiary , pleaded guilty on Wednesday to charges that he conspired to pay $ 182 million in bribes to Nigerian officials in return for contracts to build a $ 6 billion liquefied natural gas complex .
Mr. Stanley , 65 , had been chief executive of KBR , Halliburton ’s large engineering and construction unit , until December 2003 .
Halliburton cut off all ties with him in 2004 after he was accused of secretly enriching himself by as much as $ 5 million in the payment and kickback scheme .
KBR was spun off from Halliburton last year .
Some of the payments were made while Vice President Dick Cheney was Halliburton ’s chief executive , but neither he nor Halliburton has been accused of being part of the scheme .
Under a plea agreement entered in United States District Court in Houston , Mr. Stanley admitted that he authorized the hiring of two consulting companies to pay bribes to several Nigerian government officials while KBR entered into four contracts with a Nigerian liquefied natural gas company whose largest shareholder was the government - owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation .
Do You Want Fries With That ?
The answer may depend on your subconscious
Chicago is one of the prettiest cities in the World .
It is not only pretty because of the stunning location , the city edges Lake Michigan , and the interesting architecture both in the city and along the shoreline ; but the city is beautiful because of all the flowers .
It is a garden lover ’s dream city .
Flowers blanket the entire city , the roadways and cover the bridges .
There seem to be flowers wherever one looks .
Chicago should be renamed The Flower City .
I read that as a priority Mayor Daley has a “ long standing goal of making Chicago the most environmentally - friendly city in the world . ”
When taking a boat sightseeing tour we were told that whenever a new building goes up , at least along the waterways , the builder has to be sure to incorporate flowers along the frontage of these waterways .
For flower lovers like TheGardenLady , Chicago has to be the Flower City of the World .
And then there are the parks .
Not only is there the Chicago Botanical Garden , one of the great Botanical gardens of the world .
It has 26 different gardens on 385 acres .
There is Northerly Island , a 91 acre park along the lakefront with beautiful views of the Chicago skyline .
Northerly Island is the former Meigs Field airport , which , as part of his greenification plan , Daley tore down and replaced with prairie flowers and grasses .
There is the Lincoln Park Conservatory , which is right next to Chicago ’s free Lincoln Park Zoo , which also has some nice gardens .
There is the Garfield Park Conservatory .
The Garfield Park Conservatory in Chicago , Illinois is one of the largest and most stunning conservatories in the nation .
Often referred to as “ landscape art under glass , ” the Garfield Park Conservatory occupies approximately 4.5 acres inside and out , and includes cold frames and propagating where thousands of plants are grown each year for displays in City parks and spaces .
Garfield Park Conservatory is located in Garfield Park — an 184 - acre site located on Chicago ’s redeveloping Westside designed as a pleasure ground by William LeBaron Jenney . ”
There is Millennium Park located in downtown Chicago on Michigan Avenue between Randolph and Monroe Streets , this 24.5 - acre park is a center of landscape design .
Then there is the brilliantly colorful garden of reflecting pools , endless tulips , and high junipers at the Baha ’i Temple in Wilmette which is nearby Chicago .
So whenTheGardenLady read that Chicago will be having a Flower and Garden Show on Sat. , March 7th through Sun. March 15th 2009 , TheGardenLady said to herself that not only does she dream of attending this event but she wants to be sure that her readers know about this flower show so that we all can save our pennies , euros , whatever to try to make sure that we will be in Chicago at the navy pier that week .
Read this .
Readers from the Chicago area , did I miss any of your wonderful garden sites ?
Please let TheGardenLady and her readers know which other gardens are your favorites .
Related Content :
Video : Counting monkeys tick off yet another ‘ human ’ ability
At this rate a monkey might prove the Riemann hypothesis .
Rhesus macaques have been shown to possess yet another numerical talent once thought unique to humans – they can simultaneously count audible beeps and dots on a computer screen .
Their ability to comprehend numbers not as just discrete images or sounds , but as abstract representations that can be combined suggests that such maths skills are n’t unique to humans , says Kerry Jordan , a psychologist at Utah State University , Logan , US , who led the new study .
This sort of evidence “ shows that [ animals ] have these precursors to math very early on in the evolutionary line and early on in development , ” she says .
Advertisement
Dotty tasks
Jordan and colleague Elizabeth Brannon , of Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , US , trained two eight - year - old female macaques to equate beeps to dots on a computer screen .
So if a monkey heard seven beeps , it knew to tap a square on the screen displaying seven dots .
Next , the researchers tested the monkeys ’ training in adding dots and beeps together .
The animals were presented dots of different sizes flash onto a screen .
At the same time they heard a series of short tones .
To determine if the monkeys could combine the two , Jordan and Brannon showed the animals a screen with two numerical choices , represented as dots – one the correct sum , one incorrect .
Both monkeys did better than 50:50 – one added the sights and sounds correctly 72 % of the time , the other 66 % of the time .
Both monkeys tended to make mistakes when the right and wrong answers were numerically similar .
For instance , if the choices were one and eight , the animals rarely got it wrong .
But they found it harder to choose between , say , five and six .
Wild skills
People make the same kind of errors when making snap numerical judgements , such counting the number of people in a crowd , says Jordan , which is further evidence that our abstract maths skills are n’t unique .
The monkey ’s ability to add numbers seen and heard together makes sense in the wild , says Jordan .
“ If you have an animal trying to make a decision to defend its territory , it ’s going to want know how many other animals it has to deal with , ” she says .
It would do this by combining information on how many animals it could see with how many it could hear .
Irene Pepperberg , a psychologist at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , who trained a parrot named Alex to add small sums , says the paper confirms observations in the wild .
Flycatchers , for instance , seem to communicate their mood to other birds using a numerical combination of song and wing motions .
The more wing flicks and songs , the more likely it is to attack another bird , she says .
Journal reference : Cognition , DOI : 10.1016/j.cognition.2008.05.006
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
DECLARATION OF THE PEOPLE'S SOVEREIGNTY
By Andrew C. Wallace
August 13 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
“ Declaration of the People ’s Sovereignty , and Intent to Wrest Unlawful Control of the Government of the United States of America from Traitors .
This Proclamation outlines the Brutal Treason being visited upon us by Traitors in government and corporations including our sure and certain reactions to it .
There is a well developed and generalized loathing for most current and recent leaders and candidates of Democrat and Republican parties .
Only media cover-ups of all but the most heinous acts by illegals such as multiple murders and total financial destruction has prevented this from quickly becoming a large scale focused retaliation by the people on government and corporate officials .
But the retaliation has only been delayed .
We have no desire to replace our constitutionally defined government .
Our unyielding objective , as long as we have life and sufficient sovereignty is to lawfully expel the traitors who have taken control of our Republic .
This usurpation was accomplished by fraud , deceit , fear , bribes , intimidation , incarceration , power , subterfuge and most importantly by ownership and control of the mainstream propaganda media , which made our citizens uninformed victims .
These traitors using government and corporate power have stolen the financial resources of this country , and the value of our currency , resulting in our loss of everything .
Pensions , savings , investments , standard of living , personal security and freedom are being stolen so quickly ( 50 % during this administration ) that what remains is but a rapidly fading illusion .
The stated goal of these Communist and Fascist traitors , yes these are the correct words , is to reduce American citizens to poverty and slavery , forcing them to accept the new North American Union , which is in process , to replace the United States of America , Canada and Mexico to be ruled by a Corporate One World Order .
Social Security , Medicare , Veterans and other benefits will not survive , leaving most Elderly to die homeless , hungry and in pain with value of any personal financial assets stolen .
All of this reprehensible treason , and more has been accomplished by the “ Chain of Command for Treason ” , a criminal Cabal consisting of the wealthy Power Elites and their tax free Foundations who direct the Corporations that control the Traitors in our government .
Leaders of the Chain of Command for Treason , their forbearers and progeny do not now , nor have they ever had any loyalty to America or respect for its citizens .
First they steal from us , or inherit their stolen wealth , then they think this makes them superior to honest hardworking people whose children are fighting and dying to defend them from terrorists
In a clear act of greed and power driven treason , officials have approved so called Free Trade deals such as NAFTA which are really Slave Trade deals because they allow corporations to move our manufacturing capability to other countries for exploitation of foreign workers while firing American workers .
This also causes unemployment in the other countries , and only the corporations benefit in this country .
Traitors in government refuse to obey our constitution and are directly responsible , for allowing Millions of Americans to be either murdered , killed , raped , robbed or molested by illegal alien invaders so corporations could exploit them for cheap wages .
Our government also allows corporations to hire foreign born workers in addition to illegals , using ten different visa programs to replace Americans .
Corporate profits are increased even more by forcing American taxpayers to pay for medical care , education , and other benefits for illegals and foreign born .
This process is reducing the wages of all Americans toward the exploitative low level of the third world for benefit of corporations .
We know of only two reasons for politicians to make it illegal for us to develop our more than ample energy reserves .
The first is to quickly reduce us to poverty and slave status .
The second is to conserve the energy for the future profit of the CCT and the North American Union , ruled by a corporate One World Order .
Conservation and Global Warming has nothing to do with it .
The Chain of Command for Treason as a criminal Cabal , controls and directs the leaders of both Democrat and Republican parties .
Both political campaigns are part of a massive fraud used to convince Americans that they control the government , as they should , but do not , in fact political leaders must be laughing at voters for being dupes and fools .
Party Leaders and their presidential candidates Obama and McCain have stated repeatedly on national TV their clear intent to support the treason of free trade ( slave trade ) , socialism ( slavery ) , surrender of sovereignty ( by treaties ) , impoverishment of the people ( by theft ) , amnesty for illegals and unlimited immigration , thereby hastening destruction of this country .
Both candidates and party leaders know that their other promises are impossible lies and that the people would object if they knew their true intentions , but both candidates do n’t give a damn because they must obey the orders of their corporate masters in the Chain of Command for Treason ..
Anyone who actively supports either Democrat or Republican parties should go to the backyard and practice braying like an uninformed jackass because they are one .
We must only vote for individuals , regardless of party , who we have determined by personal encounters to be Patriots who will represent us , and not the Chain of Command for Treason ..
Our Constitution requires government to defend the people from invasion and other threats .
The ongoing refusal by government officials to either protect the people as guaranteed by the Constitution or to support and encourage the people to protect themselves is a most serious and unambiguous act of treason .
Our only viable solution , short of civil war , is to remove and prosecute government officials for treason using the rule of law .
It is common knowledge that many Americans believe that a majority of government officials have betrayed this country and refuse to protect citizens , but actively use their power in support of illegal invaders and other criminals , thus giving citizens the right under the Constitution and Declaration of Independence to take autonomous action .
Police are only the Cleanup Crew for most crime , and totally inadequate for the combat required to take back our sanctuary cities and protect our borders .
Citizens have been responsible for the primary protection of themselves and families since before the founding of this Republic .
The Chain of Command for Treason continues to do everything possible to disarm citizens because they fear the people ’s certain wrath when most Americans feel the terrible pain caused by treason .
People who refuse to accept this reality are an ignorant , naïve , and parasitic force in our society who also fail to accept the failure of Fascism , Communism , Marxism and all forms of Socialism .
Advertisement
An effective majority of officials in the Executive , Legislative and Judicial branches of government are demonstrated traitors , or self serving cowards obedient to the Chain of Command for Treason .
If we had courageous government officials loyal to the United States of America these traitors would have been investigated , prosecuted , and convicted for their horrific crimes , with many of them being executed for treason .
These traitors have no honor , they lie , cheat and steal with such impunity and frequency as to make organized crime look like a bunch of saints .
Our objective is to remove the Traitorous Usurpers from our government using the rule of law , assuming the traitors are smart enough to understand that if they resist our lawful actions with unlawful power that they will be going to a gunfight with a knife .
We insist that our Constitution is the Supreme law of the land and must be interpreted in accordance with its Intent and Written Meaning , nothing else .
We plan to impeach every judge , starting with Supreme Court Justices who refuse to obey our Constitution based upon its Intent and Meaning .
Judges are neither Gods nor Legislators .
The Chain of Command for Treason must realize that their time is rapidly running out because every day increases the pain to a point that will energize Americans to take positive action regardless of media propaganda .
In spite of the criminal cabal ’s perfidy we must do everything possible to defeat the Chain of Command for Treason with the rule of law before the majority of clueless American victims respond to the pain and take terrible , uncontrolled and justified vengeance on the criminals resulting in Anarchy and a Pyrrhic victory .
People who have had everything stolen from them , and have nothing more to lose , will respond with an unquenchable fury .
We will remove traitors from positions in government using the rule of law , if we have sovereignty .
We will then proceed properly against all members of the Chain of Command for Treason and their fellow travelers , they can run , but they can not hide .
Most government employees are loyal Americans who will assist us in investigating , prosecuting , convicting , incarcerating , litigating and confiscating their blood money , every last depreciated penny of it going back to formation of the private Federal Reserve Bank .
The American people , using the Rule of Law and their Sovereignty , will take the following actions , among others .
* Force traitors out of government .
* Release political prisoners such as Ramos and Compean .
* Stop illegal invaders from entering our country .
* Use combat troops to deport illegals from sanctuary cities .
* Prosecute sanctuary city officials and employers of illegals .
* Stop , and revoke birth citizenship for children of illegals .
* Mandate English as the only official language .
* Deny Social Security and other benefits to illegals .
* Institute a minimum ten year moratorium on all immigration .
* Stop all visa work programs .
* Stop all subsidized student visas .
* Stop all so called Free Trade ( Slave Trade ) deals that cause loss of American jobs , manufacturing capability , or technology .
* Terminate all treaties and agreements that reduce our sovereignty .
* Terminate the private Federal Reserve Bank .
* Return to a constitutional currency with real value .
* Use Tariffs and Duties for income and to protect American workers and industries .
* Require visas for all people entering our country .
* Terminate dual citizenship .
* Modify legal structure of corporations and foundations so they no longer have unique characteristics allowing them to be used to the detriment of employees , stockholders , customers and our country .
* Reduce federal government activities to comply with specified Constitutional powers only .
We solemnly promise those Heroes who sacrificed and died to defend this great Republic that it will not perish .
We will do our duty as law abiding citizens and when we meet them there will be no need to offer excuses for our failure .
Words used herein were selected for precision of meaning .
Sensibilities of the ignorant , naïve , and political party dupes may be disturbed by the accurate use of words like treason , murder , rape , robbery , molestation , et al to describe results of actions taken by their revered government and corporate leaders who have brain washed them .
The Constitutional definition of treason is correctly applied to those who took an oath to serve the people and betrayed them with a level of corruption and death , so heinous and all encompassing as to be unprecedented in history .
Readers are invited , indeed challenged to question any written word or statement used in this document .
People who rely on the mainstream media for information are Dupes , and will be as uninformed as a box of rocks .
Americans must choose between Patriotism or Slavery , there are no other choices .
The most expeditious and effective means for our victory is to take control of Congress away from the traitors while not ignoring local politics .
You may do your part by clicking this link that will Inform , Motivate , Direct and give you the Tools to face down your congressional politicians and take back your freedom .
James 4:17
Therefor to him that knoweth to do good , and doeth it not , to him it is sin .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The intent of this proclamation is to present a definitive outline of the all powerful treason controlling this country and offer viable solutions using the Rule of Law to defeat the traitors .
If we fail , Americans will ultimately feel the pain of treason resulting in revolt , anarchy and a pyrrhic victory for the people .
There are no questions regarding this Proclamation that ca n’t be answered by reading any of the numerous in depth articles written by signers of this Declaration or those recommended in the preceding link .
As signers of this document we are promising our continuing dedication toward the removal of traitors and tyranny from our government and Republic using the Rule of Law , as long as we have Sovereignty .
Thor H. Asgardson
Gary Burns
Paul Cappadona
Greg Evensen
Paul Grondin
Jackie Juntti
Ed Lewis
Mark K. Lowry
Bill Madden
Kenn d’ Oudney
Advertisements
Some advertisers may pay us for this ad to appear on our website or provide us with a referral fee .
Our content is free because we may earn a commission if you purchase products after clicking ads on our website .
Details after the jump .
The crucial point , of course , is that Palin did not put herself in this position .
Her running mate did .
___________
1 ) Sarah Palin on " second guessing " Israel
Couric :
You recently said three times that you would never , quote , " second guess " Israel if that country decided to attack Iran .
Why not ?
Palin :
We should n't second guess Israel 's security efforts because we cannot ever afford to send a message that we would allow a second Holocaust , for one .
Israel has got to have the opportunity and the ability to protect itself .
They are our closest ally in the Mideast .
We need them .
They need us .
And we should n't second guess their efforts .
Couric :
You do n't think the United States is within its rights to express its position to Israel ?
And if that means second - guessing or discussing an option ?
Palin : No , abso ... we need to express our rights and our concerns and ...
Couric :
But you said never second guess them .
Palin :
We do n't have to second - guess what their efforts would be if they believe ... that it is in their country and their allies , including us , all of our best interests to fight against a regime , especially Iran , who would seek to wipe them off the face of the earth .
It is obvious to me who the good guys are in this one and who the bad guys are .
The bad guys are the ones who say Israel is a stinking corpse and should be wiped off the face of the earth .
That 's not a good guy who is saying that .
Now , one who would seek to protect the good guys in this , the leaders of Israel and her friends , her allies , including the United States , in my world , those are the good guys .
What 's the problem here ?
Two extremely glaring ones .
The first is that Palin has obviously been given the slogan " do n't second - guess Israel 's security efforts " and is clinging to it all the way down , even when she can't amplify or explain it under questioning .
The far more profound worry is that knowing who " the good guys " are is the first , rather than the last , step in making foreign policy decisions -- especially those with the snarls that involve Israel , Iran , nuclear proliferation , preemptive strikes , and so on .
The United States should know what it stands for -- and the physical security of Israel is obviously one of those things .
The chilling fact is that in the interview itself , Palin betrayed no awareness that there could be an analytical step beyond identifying " the good guys . "
2 ) Sarah Palin on the financial crisis :
Couric :
If this [ bailout bill ] does n't pass , do you think there 's a risk of another Great Depression ?
Palin : Unfortunately , that is the road that America may find itself on .
Not necessarily this , as it's been proposed , has to pass or we 're going to find ourselves in another Great Depression .
But , there has got to be action - bipartisan effort - Congress not pointing fingers at one another but finding the solution to this , taking action , and being serious about the reforms on Wall Street that are needed .
Of course , talking about " another Great Depression " is like talking about " another Holocaust . "
So many fundamentals have changed in each circumstances that an exact repetition is inconceivable .
OK , we 'll admit it .
Some of us are drawn to dangerous gear like bears to a picnic basket .
There 's just something devilishly appealing about mixing a few of our favorite things ( tech toys ) with one of our least ( a ride in the back of a squad car ) .
Although we'd never condone breaking the law with these five gadgets , we can't deny our morbid fascination with them .
Just remember :
If misused , these gizmos could get you slapped with a set of handcuffs along with a criminal record .
__
1. The WASP Knife__
A vicious double - whammy of sharpened steel and freezing gas menaces watermelons everywhere .
Image : Courtesy of WASP KnifeDesigned to quickly dispatch marauding undersea predators , this 5.25 - inch hunting / tactical blade conceals a catastrophic one - two punch .
After you shank say , a Great White Shark , a flick of a button injects the beast with an 800 - psi blast of compressed air .
This basketball - sized sphere of freezing gas decimates the interior of whatever it 's injected into ; whatever 's left simply floats to the surface .
It works great on watermelons , too .
Why It'd Get You Arrested :
Stabbing random objects on dry land ( and then making them explode ) is the fast track to a vandalism charge .
Turning the WASP Knife on an innocent creature for non-defense purposes , though ?
Depending on the state , you 're looking at aggravated assault , assault with a deadly weapon , animal cruelty or even the rarely used " mayhem " charge .
2. Sonar II Burner
The Sonar II can burn through garbage bags and retinas with equal aplomb .
Image : Courtesy of Wicked LasersLook , everyone wants a lightsaber .
But we can't have them because : A ) midi-chlorians do n't exist and , B ) law enforcement agencies are already less - than - enthused over high - power handheld lasers .
Consider for a moment , Wicked Lasers ' Sonar II Burner .
Essentially a more powerful version of the lasers found in Blu-ray players , this six - inch tool does n't have to compensate for anything ; it can light matches , burn holes through paper and melt plastic .
* Why It 'd Get You Arrested : *
Where to begin ?
At 60 mW , the Sonar II is totally capable of starting fires ( arson ) , burning retinas ( assault ) and disorienting airline pilots ( Gitmo ) .
3. EMT Paintball Sentry Turret
Fires 30 rounds per second .
Fully automated .
Illegal in virtually all forms of competitive paintball .
Image : Courtesy of Evolution Model TechnologyMay the Flying Spaghetti Monster 's noodley appendage help the poor schmoe who ends up in the cross hairs of the Sentry Turret .
This remote - controlled , tripod - mounted paintball cannon unleashes oil - based vengeance at 30 rounds per second on full - auto .
And all you paint - balling pros take note :
The EMT is not some glorified sloppy - shot Brass Eagle .
Integrated - vibration dampeners plus rotation / tilt mechanisms make rounds fired from this gadget highly accurate .
* Why It 'd Get You Arrested : *
With the amount of paint the Sentry is capable of unloading , you 'd definitely be facing accusations of assault , disturbing the peace and any other charges your welt - covered victims care to press .
4. Fiber Laser Marking System
It may not look menacing , but this portable laser can sear images into rock , glass and metal .
Image : Courtesy of Laser Photonics
If you 're going to deface public property , you might as well get an assist from technology .
Laser Photonic 's unintentional contribution to this practice is the " Handheld Fiber Laser Marking System . "
This portable , high - power laser was originally designed for etching graphics into industrial surfaces like metal , glass and stone .
Sure , it lacks the DIY charm of spray paint .
But it makes up for this by running off a car battery , and being able to etch almost any graphic you can load on a multimedia card .
Why It'd Get You Arrested :
Tagging public property with such creativity and zeal is likely to bump up the charge .
A number of states reserve the right to boost vandalism charges to the felonious level if the damage exceeds $ 400 , is especially malicious or is performed by a repeat offender .
5. Lil' Buttie LB110
Do n’t let the name fool you ; this gadget is not your friend … if you get caught illegally tapping a phone line with it .
Image : Courtesy of Test - UmYou do n't have to work for the NSA to listen to other people 's phone calls .
A nifty lineman 's handset like the Lil' Buttie LB110 is enough to do the trick .
This cheap , easy - to - find gadget is the cornerstone of tapping a phone line .
All it really takes is hooking the handset 's alligator clamps to a set of exposed telephone wires and syncing up the handset .
Once you 're on the line , you can snoop on conversations , record them or even dial out at your leisure .
* Why It 'd Get You Arrested : *
Despite what you may think , owning a " butt set " is n't illegal .
Do n't be fooled though – unless you 're using it for running diagnostics on your own phone line , someone 's bound to drop the hammer .
Getting caught using ( or even installing ) an unauthorized line is the express lane to a felonious wiretapping charge , and / or a lifetime of government scrutiny .
Trust us on this one .
Flashback Friday .
Non-white people are increasingly being featured in advertisements and a principled interest in “ diversity ” is not the only , or likely even the main motivation .
In this series , I share some ideas about why and how people of color are included in advertising aimed primarily at whites .
This post is about the inclusion of people of color in ads to invoke the idea of “ color , ” “ flavor , ” or “ personality . ”
Consider , this ad for Absolute Vodka Peach ( “ Find Your Flavor ” ) includes two white and two brown people , plus a set of silhouettes .
Holly F. and Lafin T.J. sent in three Life cereal box covers .
Notice that “ regular ” Life has white people on the cover , while cinnamon and maple and brown sugar flavors have people of color on their covers :
In this pro-diversity ad , spice is literally used to represent diversity ( via MultiCultClassics ) .
( Just a bit misguided too : Just a teaspoon or less of color , please . )
This ad for Samba Colore by Swatch also uses a model of color :
“ Welcome to the Color Factory . ”
These two ads for a color photo printer and a color printer cartridge both use models of color alongside white models in order to express how “ colorful ” their product is .
Bri sent in these four images ( three from Gap and one from United Colors of Benneton ) .
Each Gap ad is advertising a different product , with an emphasis on how many colors they come in ( bottom right corner ) .
They all , also , feature models of color .
Here ’s just one of them :
And , of course , the United Colors of Benneton is famous for its use of models of color in its ads , blending quite purposefully the idea of clothing colors and skin colors :
Finally Joshua B. sent in this photo of two french fry holders , one with a black and one with a white woman , reading “ never a dull moment , only tasty , ” and “ Is it wrong to think Arby ’s all the time . ”
The black woman , then , is presented alongside the ideas of excitement and flavor :
There is also this Crystal Light ad campaign that compares water to a “ pale ” white woman and crystal light to a “ pumped ” black woman and these ads for an Australian bread company that use Blackness to argue that their bread is not bland .
This kind of advertising can easily be explained away as coincidence , but I think it ’s a pattern .
Feel free to send in examples and counter examples if you see them .
Next up : Including people of color so as to make the product seem “ hip , ” “ cool , ” or “ modern . ”
Do n’t miss the first in the series :
Including people of color so as to associate the product with the racial stereotype .
China 's official Xinhua News Agency ran a story on Thursday announcing ground controllers were tracking Chinese astronauts sent aloft for the country 's first spacewalk , complete with details and quotes from the astronauts .
There was just one problem : the astronauts had yet to blast off for the spacewalk , which is scheduled for the early hours of Saturday morning , Beijing time .
Carrying a Sept. 27 dateline that declared Xinhua reporters were " sleepless in the middle of the Pacific Ocean " aboard a Chinese tracking ship , the story -- published on Xinhua 's Web site on Sep. 25 at 9:04 a.m. -- offers a gripping account of conversation between ground controllers and astronauts aboard the Shenzhou VII spacecraft , citing the breathless silence aboard the Yuan Wang No. 1 tracking ship as observers waited for the craft to appear on its instruments .
The ship even established contact with the spacecraft 12 seconds ahead of schedule , said the report , which was written by reporters Wu Dengfeng , Mei Shixiong and Wang Yushan .
In reality , the astronauts did n't actually blast off until 9:00 p.m. on Thursday night , Beijing time , according to an Associated Press report -- about 12 hours after the Xinhua spacewalk story first appeared .
A copy of the story , which was pulled down by Xinhua , can be viewed in a cached version stored by search - engine operator Baidu .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Arrest Rove now !
It 's time Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Rove is in contempt of Congress
Advertisement
Karl
Rove refuses to testify under oath about charges that he was involved in a five year long conspiracy to smear , falsely charge and have the Governor of Alabama imprisoned .
He 's claiming " executive privilege . "
Just one problem , the President claims that this matter was never a subject of discussion in his administration .
Contempt of Congress is an arrest - able offense .
Did you enjoy this video ?
YES NO
Well a lot has been made of the Ed Hochuli blown call this past week in the Chargers / Broncos game but let ’s not forget that the Chargers might have wanted to play some sort of defense all day .
When you allow a team to score 39 points in merely 48 minutes , you can tell what kind of a day they were having .
Yea the call came at the absolute worst time and certainly took a victory out of their hands but they still had to play for another minute and 20 seconds or so .
They could have stepped up once to make a stop on a 4th - and - 4 with 24 seconds left in the game to stop the Broncos from scoring .
How about playing some more defense on the 2 - point conversion where Cutler slices up 3 people in the end zone and completes a pass Royal to go up by 1 .
How about some sort of double or extra coverage on Brandon Marshall who has 18 receptions for 166 yards ?
How about getting some pressure on Cutler who went 36 for 50 , passing for 350 yards and 4 touchdowns ?
How about converting 3 drives of over 65 yards into touchdowns instead of field goals ?
How about three drives inside the opposition 30 yard line that only led to field goals ?
How about two drives inside the 20 yard line that were only a field goal ?
How about converting a 1st - and - 5 , 2nd - and - 5 or even a 3rd - and - 3 into a touchdown instead of settling for a 4th - and - 3 field goal ?
You convert any of those and you do n’t leave the game hanging in the balance and the let the outcome be determined by a bad call .
Yea it was a bad call but the game should have been over before then so it would not have even mattered .
Now stop feeling sorry for yourself and feeling self - pity that you are 0 - 2 on two last minute losses because you have a New York team coming in fresh off a game they felt they should have won too and before you know it , you ’ll find yourself 0 - 3 with no shot at the playoffs .
John McCain is rapidly making his temperament an inescapable issue in the presidential campaign .
Does the nation really want so much drama in the White House ?
McCain ’s performance in recent days has been , to put it charitably , erratic .
In an attempt to show leadership on the financial crisis , he has called Americans into ranks — long after hostilities already began .
Meanwhile , back in much - reviled Washington , the generals with cooler heads and a clearer picture of the battlefield are doing their jobs , minus all the histrionics .
Thus far , an objective observer would have to say that Congress has behaved well in the days since Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson delivered a three - page ransom note that said , and I paraphrase , “ Give me $ 700 billion , or I ’d hate to see anything bad happen to that nice economy of yours . ”
Our elected representatives took seriously the urgency of the crisis .
They did not fall into partisan bickering .
A rough consensus began to emerge :
It is important to act expeditiously but not to panic .
It is unwise to give this administration — or any administration — a blank check with absolutely no oversight , as Paulson had sought .
Paulson , the White House or somebody should explain why this plan will work and why some other plan would n’t work better .
And the corporate executives who put their companies at risk and then turn to the government for a bailout should not be rewarded with multimillion - dollar compensation packages subsidized by the taxpayers .
Negotiations between a Democratic Congress and a Republican administration on these and other points seemed to be proceeding at lightning speed , given the usual pace of such things in Washington .
But then , for reasons known only to himself , in charged McCain to rescue the unimperiled .
Said Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , who has been the lead negotiator for the Democratic majority in the House : “ Now that we are on the verge of making a deal , John McCain airdrops himself in to help us make a deal . ”
At face value , McCain ’s sudden “ suspension ” of his campaign and his call to delay the first presidential debate can be seen as pure politics .
Lately , McCain has been sliding in the polls and Barack Obama has been rising .
The Wall Street crisis markedly accelerated these trends .
Late September is not the time to let your opponent widen his lead .
Changing the subject , which the McCain people have raised to an art form , was n’t an option this time — the public is hardly in the mood for another Paris Hilton ad — so the campaign had to try to somehow get out in front of the crisis .
Given McCain ’s initial assessment that the fundamentals of the economy are strong , that was n’t going to be easy .
The solution was to try to make it look as if McCain were leading the heroic effort to save the American way of life .
To do this , he had to portray the negotiations over a rescue plan — which had been making orderly progress — as stalled and in ruin .
“ We must meet as Americans , not as Democrats or Republicans , and we must meet until this crisis is resolved , ” McCain said , calling on everyone to “ temporarily set politics aside . ”
But in trying to put himself at center stage , McCain managed to insert politics into the situation .
The first issue all week on which congressional Democrats and Republicans split along party lines was whether McCain ’s noisy intervention demonstrated boldness or bluster .
The surest way to derail any prospect of a timely rescue plan would be to have Obama and McCain get involved in the nit and the grit of the negotiations .
The reason is obvious :
The two major - party presidential candidates would never really abandon the campaign with less than six weeks left before the election .
They ’d just be shifting it to a venue where it could do maximum damage .
The anodyne joint statement from the two campaigns Wednesday highlighting the urgency of the situation was about the most constructive thing Obama and McCain could do , next to staying the hell out of the way .
McCain succeeded in focusing attention on himself , but not necessarily in a good way .
Voters may see this not as an illustration of brave leadership but as another example of McCain ’s “ ready , fire , aim ” approach to dealing with any crisis .
Putting himself at the center of events — making any situation all about him — is more than a political tactic for McCain .
It ’s his nature , and I wonder if most Americans wo n’t be unnerved at the prospect of electing a president who ’s always so ready for his close - up .
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at) washpost.com .
The actor and his partner , Brad Altman , exchange vows while standing in a circle of yellow rose petals
George Takei and his longtime partner , Brad Altman , were wed Sunday evening in a Buddhist ceremony in downtown Los Angeles .
“ All I can remember is what the priest said , ” Takei told PEOPLE after the ceremony .
“ That this moment will never happen again .
It ’s something to savor . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Nearly 200 of the couple ’s friends attended the event , which began as a kimono - clad koto player plucked out tunes on the ancient Japanese stringed instrument .
Afterward , the couple sipped sake from red lacquer cups , then said their vows to one another while standing within a circle of yellow rose petals .
A Scottish bagpiper led Takei , 71 , and Altman , 54 , to the reception on the grounds of the Japanese American National Museum .
On the way , the couple , along with their maid of honor and best man ( Takei ’s former Star Trek co-stars Nichelle Nichols and Walter Koenig ) flashed the “ live long and prosper ” hand sign to photographers and friends .
“ I was fighting back the tears , ” said Nichols , who played Uhura on the Star Trek series .
“ But they came oozing out anyway .
I ’m so happy that they ’re both able to legally proclaim their commitment to one another after spending the past 21 years together . ”
In May , Takei announced his plans to wed after California ’s Supreme Court allowed gay marriage under the state ’s constitution .
New Obama ad hits McCain on pay for women
A new , and unreleased , Obama ad , airing ( at least ) in Virginia , attacks McCain for his opposition to legislation requiring women receive equal pay for equal work .
The ad says women are paid 77 cents on the dollar , and the female narrator says : " It ’s one more thing John McCain does n’t get about our economy . "
" A burden on business ?
How about the burden on our families , " she concludes .
SEPTEMBER
18 --Spiraling gas prices led an Indiana drug dealer to levy a fuel oil surcharge on customers purchasing cocaine , according to investigators .
Anthony Salinas , 18 , tacked on the gasoline surcharge when he sold a confidential police source coke on two occasions in June .
While arranging one buy , Salinas told the source that a quarter - ounce of cocaine would cost $ 240 --$ 215 for the drug itself and ' $ 25.00 for gas money to deliver the cocaine , ' according to the court affidavit , a copy of which you 'll find here .
Salinas , a Hammond resident , was named last week in a two - count felony information charging him with ' dealing in cocaine . ' ( 4 pages )
IFA
An intrepid Register Hardware hack was this morning stopped from looking around MSI 's stand at the consumer electronics show IFA , in Berlin .
The uniformed gents he mistook for overly officious security guards were in fact German Customs officers investigating claims of patent infringement .
Nothing to see here , move on
Our man said he was removed from the stand by the men who would not tell him what was going on .
It transpires that several stands were targeted by about 200 armed German Customs bods , reportedly after complaints from patent firm Sisvel .
They seized equipment which will now be checked for evidence of patent breaches .
A spokesman for German Customs told us : " We 've raided 69 companies today .
We have seized equipment including flatscreen TVs , CD players , set - top boxes and MP3 players . "
Customs raids at trade shows are nothing new - in March several stands at monster show CeBit were raided by German police and customs .
They were acting on complaints from patent firm Sisvel which suspected that its intellectual property , or that of its clients , had been infringed .
Thanks to the commenters on the original story who pointed this out . ®
IFA 2008 complete coverage
Slideshow ( 4 images )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A man with a black hood pours water on the face of a prisoner in an orange jumpsuit strapped to a table : no , it ’s not Guantanamo Bay naval base , but New York ’s Coney Island amusement park .
The scene using robotic dolls is an installation built by artist Steve Powers to criticize waterboarding , a simulated drowning technique the United States has admitted using on terrorism suspects , but that rights group say is torture .
“ Waterboard Thrill Ride ” beckons a sign along with cartoon character “ SpongeBob SquarePants ” who appears tied down and exclaiming : “ It do n’t Gitmo better ! ”
The public can peek through window bars and feed a dollar into the slot to bring the robotic dolls into action , one more attraction in the beachfront amusement park in the New York neighborhood of Brooklyn .
“ Anyone can see this is painful from 50 feet away , ” said Powers , who had previously been painting signs and storefronts in the area .
“ I wanted people to understand the psychological ramifications of this . ”
Marion Tracey , 57 , from New Jersey , said she found the installation disturbing .
It made her think of her father who had nightmares after returning from World War II .
“ In all wars , horrible things happen , ” she said .
“ I ’d rather not see it . ”
Alex Soto , 23 , said he thought it was a good thing for people to learn about waterboarding , but he added : “ It is pretty twisted . ”
Palin : Iraq war ' a task that is from God ' The Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 4 , 2008
Print This Email This By GENE JOHNSON
ANCHORAGE , Alaska - Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin told ministry students at her former church that the United States sent troops to fight in the Iraq war on a " task that is from God . "
In an address last June , the Republican vice presidential candidate also urged ministry students to pray for a plan to build a $ 30 billion natural gas pipeline in the state , calling it " God 's will . "
Palin asked the students to pray for the troops in Iraq , and noted that her eldest son , Track , was expected to be deployed there .
" Our national leaders are sending them out on a task that is from God , " she said .
" That 's what we have to make sure that we 're praying for , that there is a plan and that plan is God 's plan . "
A video of the speech was posted at the Wasilla Assembly of God's Web site before finding its way on to other sites on the Internet .
Palin told graduating students of the church 's School of Ministry , " What I need to do is strike a deal with you guys . "
As they preached the love of Jesus throughout Alaska , she said , she 'd work to implement God 's will from the governor 's office , including creating jobs by building a pipeline to bring North Slope natural gas to North American markets .
" God 's will has to be done in unifying people and companies to get that gas line built , so pray for that , " she said .
" I can do my job there in developing our natural resources and doing things like getting the roads paved and making sure our troopers have their cop cars and their uniforms and their guns , and making sure our public schools are funded , " she added .
" But really all of that stuff does n't do any good if the people of Alaska 's heart is n't right with God . "
Palin attended the evangelical church from the time she was a teenager until 2002 , the church said in a statement posted on its Web site .
She has continued to attend special conferences and meetings there .
Religious conservatives have welcomed her selection as John McCain 's running mate .
Rob Boston , a spokesman for Americans United for Separation of Church and State , lamented Palin 's comments .
" I miss the days when pastors delivered sermons and politicians delivered political speeches , " he said .
" The United States is increasingly diverse religiously .
The job of a president is to unify all those different people and bring them together around policy goals , not to act as a kind of national pastor and bring people to God . "
The section of the church 's
Web site where videos of past sermons were posted was shut down Wednesday , and a message was posted saying that the site " was never intended to handle the traffic it has received in the last few days . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The U.S. credit squeeze has brought on a " once- in - a- century " financial crisis that is likely to claim more big firms before it eases , former Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan said Sunday .
Greenspan told ABC's " This Week " that the situation " is in the process of outstripping anything I 've seen , and it still is not resolved and it still has a way to go . "
" Indeed , it will continue to be a corrosive force until the price of homes in the United States stabilizes , " Greenspan said .
He predicted that would not happen until early 2009 , and said the odds of U.S. recession have gone up in recent months .
" I can't believe we could have a once - in - a - century type of financial crisis without a significant impact on the real economy globally , and I think that indeed is what is in the process of occurring , " he said .
While recent declines in the prices of oil and food may help avert a recession , he said , " I would n't put my money on it . "
The financial crunch already has claimed investment bank Bear Stearns , spurred the federal seizure of mortgage giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) and left century - old Wall Street institution Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) clinging by its fingernails after suffering nearly $ 7 billion in real estate - related losses .
Federal regulators and Wall Street executives were holding weekend crisis talks aimed at resolving the Lehman situation without further shock to the financial sector .
Greenspan , who left office in 2006 , said he expected more failures before the crisis eases .
While regulators " should n't try to protect every single institution , " he said , companies should be kept from failing " in a sharply disruptive manner " to prevent further shocks .
Greenspan 's critics say he helped inflate the housing bubble by keeping target short - term rates too low for too long , leading to reckless lending and borrowing in the housing market .
But Greenspan has said the problem lay not in the loans themselves , but in their repackaging as securities and sale to investors .
For years I 've been saving the styrofoam packing that protects the new devices that arrive in our American household .
Computer gear especially is sheathed in custom - fit styrofoam armor , and I hated to throw it out because it was beautiful stuff .
I took the little bits to the recycling center , but the large , intricate , weirdly organic pieces I stockpiled in my basement .
I was just looking for an idea of what to do with them .
A year ago I saw pictures of two styrofoam robots created by Michael Salter at a museum in North Carolina ( before he exhibited one in San Jose this past June ) .
They were stunning .
Not only was it art from junk , but it looked easy to do .
My son and I could handle this .
A recycled styrobot would be the perfect geek dad project .
I had five years ' worth of foam accumulated .
I had some space in my studio to assemble it .
I got my foam cutters handy .
So we began designing .
The bot had to fit in one story .
I also wanted it to disassemble easily so I could move it .
I decided to make it in five parts : a torso and four limbs .
I would cut the foam when I needed to , but did not want to spend much time sculpting it .
I discovered the fastest way to glue the pieces was using silicon seal .
The final Styrobot looks like this :
The Styrobot is made entirely of the foam packaging material that arrived at our house in the last five years .
I learned that a styrobot consumes a huge amount of this stuff so several times I was tempted to grab pieces I 'd see in other people 's garbage .
But the monster was already getting too big .
Once you started adding the detail work , you can go through a lot of styrofoam .
So I committed to depleting the pile I had , and to use every bit somewhere on the bot .
We worked on it off an on for many many months .
This delay was necessary because the silicon glue needs one or two weeks to fully set .
It took me a while to figure this out , even though the sealant instructions ( which of course I did not read at first ) clearly spell this out .
I figured that like most glues it would set overnight , but it really does take several weeks for the silicon glue to set if there is any stress or weight on the joint .
We used Lexel silicon sealant , which is very sticky , clear , and cheap .
I think we went through four tubes of it .
The second major tool needed for a Styrobot is a foam cutter .
On Amazon I purchased a Woodland 4 - inch hobby version running off a low - volt transformer .
The thin wire heats up when the the switch in the handle is slid on .
The hot wire slices through the foam easily .
It takes some practice to cut square and even , but even kids can get the hang soon enough .
There 's always plenty of foam scraps to practice on .
There was no replacement wire included with the Woodland , which is a shame because you WILL break the wire eventually .
I replaced it with some nichrome wire I had on hand .
Overall this tool is handy .
Heats up instantly , and for 95 % of the time is all you need .
The drawback to the hobby cutter is that it can't handle foam wider than four inches in its smallest dimension .
Some big screen packing overwhelms that dimension , so I built a really fast - and - dirty foam cutter from some steel piping , guitar strings and a model train transformer .
Any number of plans for large foam cutters can be found on Instructables and elsewhere on theweb .
Main thing is to have a sturdy frame to stretch the wire , and connect the wire to a low volt transformer .
I thought a variable transformer such as used for model trains would allow me to adjust the temperature to the proper degree , but I found that it did n't matter for the set up I had .
For the cutting wire I used cheap guitar strings .
The thinner strings make a nicer cut , but I found they tend to break quicker .
The broader the cut the more pressure you exert on the wire , which tends to weaken when hot .
My son and I had a lot of fun making it .
Pick up a piece and glue .
Cut and glue .
Styrofoam is pretty light , so the entire robot can't weigh more than 20 pounds .
The two legs of the robot are free standing .
The torso sits by gravity up the two legs .
The two arms hang on the torso via a small styro shelf on the arms .
I can move the whole body in pieces in a few minutes .
Maybe I should rent him out .
Here the Sytrobot hangs out in my office .
Image credit : USAF
Suppressed technologies
Columnist : William B Stoecker Posted on Sunday , 24 August , 2008 | 39 comments Columnist :
Article Copyright© William B Stoecker - reproduced with permission .
It is almost an article of faith for many people that large corporations and / or the government have actively suppressed many new technologies that could have improved life for all of us , even going so far as to railroad inventors into prison , or murder them .
They allegedly do this to prevent competition or to avoid anything that might , both literally and figuratively , empower the people .
For example , if the average citizen had a " free energy " device powering his home and one for his car , he would be more independent of the government and the big companies .
There is no smoking gun that absolutely proves such suppression , but there is a pattern of evidence pointing in that direction .
At the very least , the elites have clearly ignored and failed to fund some promising ideas , and , at the very least , they have been guilty of narrow - mindedness .
The last few decades have seen rapid progress in electronics , including computers and industrial robots , but , while we all enjoy improved televisions and internet access ( it has made this article possible ) , you can't eat a computer or heat your home with the internet , and the robots have cost many people their jobs .
What we all really need are improved energy technologies to improve our economy and environment , and improved medical technologies for better health and longevity .
Yet it is in these two areas , despite Richard Nixon 's still ongoing " war on cancer " and government promises of a better energy policy , that progress has lagged .
And it is in these two areas that we see the most evidence of suppressed or , at least , ignored technologies .
People all over the world have long believed in a mysterious universal energy , a moving force , that transcends ordinary reality , and actually creates and sustains the physical universe .
It has been called mana , prana , ki , chi , vril , etheric energy , odic force , and orgone .
Note that this mysterious force sounds remarkably similar to the luminiferous ether postulated by nineteenth century physicists and supposedly disproven by the famous Michelson / Morley experiment .
As I have pointed out in another article , there are reasons to doubt the accuracy of the test they performed .
Also , note that modern quantum mechanics postulates the existence of " virtual particles " that pop in and out of existence and fill all space .
A few physicists have even suggested that it might be possible to draw energy from this sea of virtual particles ... which bear a suspicious resemblance to the supposedly discredited ether .
Yet , all along , inventors have claimed to draw upon some mysterious free energy , and some have suggested that this energy is also responsible for the force we call gravity .
For those who believe technologies have been suppressed , the late Nikola Tesla has acquired cult status .
Although born in Croatia 6/28/1856 , he was a Serb .
He attended the Technical University at Graz , Austria and the University of Prague where he studied physics and mathematics .
He worked for Con Ed in Paris , and then , in 1884 , he came to the US where he worked directly for Edison .
The two men had a very different approach to invention , and Tesla famously advocated alternating current , which can be stepped up in voltage with transformers for more efficient long distance transmission .
Edison reportedly cheated him of a promised payment , and Tesla struck out on his own , with funding from George Westinghouse , and later from the notorious JP Morgan .
He died in poverty .
Besides developing the use of alternating current , he made more efficient generators and was able to make use of a rotating magnetic field .
He held some 700 patents , and invented the induction motor , improved transformers , an efficient bladeless turbine , the Tesla coil that is still used in automobile ignition systems , and precursors to neon and fluorescent lights .
He did early experimentation in radio , although Marconi , usually considered the inventor of radio , sent and received signals as early as 1895 .
It was some of his stranger experiments and pronouncements that have inspired the modern legends about him .
He once mused that an energy filled all space ( see above ) and wondered whether this energy was static or kinetic , and suggested that , if kinetic , it might be harnessed .
In Colorado Springs he constructed a laboratory and created long bolts of artificial lightning , and his experiments there reportedly caused all sorts of electrical effects up to several miles from his facility .
On Long Island he built his famous Wardenclyffe tower for sending and receiving radio messages .
He supposedly built a machine that created a slight earthquake in New York City , and claimed to be able to transmit electrical energy through the Earth itself , to any distance with no diminuition of power , and hinted that he was even harnessing some mysterious energy .
He suggested using radio beams to detect aircraft and ships , the concept that others would later develop into radar .
He claimed to have invented a death ray .
His modern followers believe that these inventions , including " free " energy , actually worked , and were suppressed by the villainous Morgan ; of the financier 's evil nature , at least , there is no doubt .
Some have even suggested that Tesla accidentally caused the mysterious Tunguska ( in Siberia ) explosion of 1908 , but this is unlikely ; almost certainly the blast was caused by the explosion in mid air of a cometary fragment .
Better documented is the propulsion technology of electrogravitics , developed primarily in the first half of the twentieth century by the American inventor Townsend Brown .
Brown discovered that capacitors with certain shapes produced a thrust from the negative toward the positive plate that could lift the entire apparatus .
What is uncertain is whether or not this is due to something like gravity control or merely a jet effect from the ion wind that the apparatus produces .
Having repeatedly witnessed and examined one of these devices , I can say with some certainty that the ion wind was a barely perceptible breeze most unlikely to provide enough force to lift anything .
Yet only thorough testing will settle the matter ... will it fly in a vacuum chamber ?
Claims and counterclaims have been made .
As an aside , it appears possible that the device may be tapping into some source of " free " energy , with the energy used to charge it up merely , in a sense , priming the pump or holding the switch open for the free energy .
The US Air Force expressed interest in electrogravitics almost two generations ago ; either it does n't work as hoped or they are attempting to suppress it .
Any number of people have obtained the patents and built these devices in recent years , so the suppression , if that 's what it is , has been only partially successful .
Also in another article I discussed so called " cold fusion , " demonstrated in 1989 by Fleischmann and Pons , two chemists in Utah , and since verified by numerous other researchers .
The lying mainstream media have claimed that it was a failure or even a hoax , and debunkers have pointed to the supposed absence of neutrons , supposedly proving that fusion could not have taken place .
But some researchers have detected neutrons , and this whole argument misses the point .
The object is not to produce neutrons , which cause more problems than they solve , but to produce clean , safe , cheap , and abundant energy .
It is possible that the energy produced is not caused by fusion at all ; any fusion that occurs may be only a byproduct , and the inventors may have stumbled on a way to tap the " virtual " energy .
Given that the net energy production is proven beyond doubt , and given that the original apparatus was remarkably cheap to build , it seems fairly likely that it could have been developed into an economical source of energy .
The fact that it has not really been developed in almost twenty years is positively criminal , given our current dependence on Arab oil and our increasing economic difficulties .
Currently , government laboratories are " studying " the technology , which , given their past performance , means that almost certainly they will waste hundreds of millions of our tax dollars to bury it .
This whole sorry affair comes closer than anything else to proving that the elites have deliberatly cheated us of the benefits of a new invention .
Not only energy production , but energy storage and more efficient transmission are vital .
If we could transmit electricity for great distances with virtually no loss , wind power , for example , might become practical ; if the wind is n't blowing in one location it is usually blowing somewhere else .
The main drawback to electric cars is the weight and expense of conventional batteries , and the fact that they take so long to charge .
Some twenty or so years ago I read in a popular science magazine of a team of engineers who were developing an ultra high speed flywheel that could be charged in minutes ( it functions as an electric motor when you put power into it , and as a generator when you make a withdrawal ) , could propel an electric car for at least three hundred miles at normal highway speeds , and , if left unattended , would not run down for a year or so .
They were quite optimistic about it soon being mass produced .
Yet , decades later , FES ( flywheel energy storage ) is still being " studied . "
The devices , due to the stresses caused by their high angular momentum , are made of carbon fiber composites and rest on low - friction magnetic bearings in containers with all the air pumped out to further reduce energy loss due to friction .
They reportedly have a ninety percent in - out efficiency and can store 500,000 joules of energy per kilogram .
Even if the original developers were exaggerating its early potential to attract investors the potential is nonetheless real , and after some two decades , it should be in widespread use .
But flywheel electric cars are nowhere to be seen .
Something is very wrong here .
Numerous other inventors have claimed to have developed " free " or " virtual " energy .
Dr. Brian O'Leary , a former astronaut , takes many of these claims very seriously .
In the early twentieth century , a man named Henry Moray claimed to have found a way to tap into a limitless " sea of energy . "
Almost identical claims have been made by one Moray King , and by an inventor named Tom Bearden , who claims to have developed a " motionless electromagnetic generator , " or " MEG . "
Bearden claims that it can produce over one hundred times the energy put into it .
Ed Gray claimed to have discovered something he called " cold electricity " allowing him to develop a battery that would stay charged forever .
Joe Newman allegedly developed a free energy machine , and the Canadian John Hutchinson .
Yule Brown claimed to power cars with " Brown 's gas , " a highly explosive mixture of hydrogen and oxygen produced by the electrolysis of water .
Normally , such electrolysis requires more energy than is gained back by burning the hydrogen ... unless there is some peculiarity of the water molecule ( and it is peculiar , in more ways than one ) allowing virtual energy to be tapped during the process of electrolysis .
Aside from the claims of some of these inventors , there is no evidence for this , but , as they say , absence of evidence is not evidence of absence .
Dr. Eugene Mallove researched orgone energy and cold fusion , and was beaten to death , allegedly during a robbery ... or was it ?
Or was he murdered to shut him up ?
Again , there is no evidence for this .
In medicine , the same mysterious orgone or prana energy pops up again .
Early in the twentieth century a German , Gustav von Pohl , claimed that his research showed that a mysterious earth energy caused increased cancer rates in certain locations ; this clustering of cancers is a very real , and very mysterious , phenomenon .
This energy sounds suspiciously like a negative form of prana or chi .
Similar results were claimed by Swiss and French researchers .
Wilhelm Reich , another cult figure , believed in the orgone energy and claimed to have devised " orgone accumulators " that could , among other things , cure cancer .
Reich believed that many cancers were caused by extremely tiny microorganisms , what today we would call viruses or nanobacteria .
We will see that this same claim was made by other researchers .
Reich was convicted by the US FDA ( Food and Drug Administration ) of fraud , and died in prison .
Many of his papers were burned by the government .
Was he guilty of fraud , or was he railroaded into prison and possibly murdered there ?
Again , there is no proof either way , but remember that this same FDA , in 2008 , was " unable " for months to determine the source of food poisoning that sickened thousands and killed several Americans .
They do not have a reputation that inspires trust .
The American Royal Rife ( 5/16/1888-8/5/1971 ) invented something he called the Universal Microscope , with which he claimed to be able to see viruses .
Supposedly , no optical microscope can do this because the typical virus is smaller than the wavelength of visible light .
But perhaps he was really seeing nanobacteria .
He believed that microorganisms can be made to fluoresce if struck by the right wavelength of light , and that this frequency , at which they resonate , can selectively destroy them without harming adjacent healthy tissues .
His results were supposedly duplicated by the Frenchman Gaston Naessens .
What is fascinating about this is that many people since have made somewhat similar claims about the healing properties of various colors , or wavelengths , of light .
And " Scientific American " magazine in May of 2003 reported that red light speeds the healing of wounds , and researchers at Arizona State University in 2008 vibrated viruses to death with resonant laser frequencies .
This sounds like pretty clear confirmation of at least some of Rife 's claims , and , in the nineteen seventies , Drs. Virginia Livingstone and Eleanor Jackson , also claimed to have discovered cancer - causing nano bacteria .
Rife 's supporters today market various forms of his machines and claim that he was hounded by the government and that his equipment and notes were destroyed .
He died due to being given an overdose of medicine while being treated for alcoholism in a hospital ... murder or unfortunate accident ?
Some two decades or so ago , mainstream medical researchers claimed that some forms of cancer and some viral infections could be cured simply by heat , without the horrendous side effects of chemotherapy .
The patient could be immersed for prolonged periods in a hot bath ( subject to careful monitoring ) , and it is also possible to heat specific areas within the body with heated probes , or , possibly , intersecting microwave beams .
Yet the research was never really followed up on , save for a continuing small scale study by the Mayo Clinic .
Equally promising is whole body , low dosage gamma or x ray treatment .
We have all been taught to fear any ionizing radiation at all , but , in fact , there is a convincing body of evidence indicating that low dosages may be beneficial .
For example , people living at higher altitudes absorb more cosmic radiation that those near sea level , but , on average , are healthier and live longer .
Dr. Myron Pollycove at Harvard Medical School successfully treated cancer patients with low dosage radiation ( not to be confused with high dosage localized tumor treatment ) from 1976 through 1997 , as did Dr. James H. Welch at John Hopkins University , and , in 1997 , Dr. Kenkichi Sakamoto at Tohoku University in Sendai , Japan .
Why has more research not been done in this area ?
Why has no one tried combining heat and radiation , and perhaps vitamin or other micronutrient therapy at the same time ?
How many people have to suffer both from cancer and from chemotherapy and then die anyway ?
Is all of this due to a lack of vision or to the greed of the pharmaceutical companies ?
There certainly is a lack of vision .
The current paradigm insists that cancer is caused by gene mutation , and the true believers are not at all deterred by forty years of failure .
The National Institute of Health ( NIH ) only gives research grants to researchers who stay on the mutation plantation .
Yet there is a competing theory .
After mitosis ( cell division ) sometimes one daughter cell gets too many chromosomes and the other gets too few .
This is called aneuploidy ... and all cancer cells are aneuploid , usually having too many chromosomes ( normal human cells have forty six ) .
Then there is chelation therapy .
Swiss Doctors W. Blumer and T. Reich suspected that some cancers were caused by heavy metals , free radicals , and oxidized fats .
They had good results removing these from patients ' bodies with chelation therapy , as did US researchers Dr. Bruce Halstead and Dr. H.B. Demopoulos , and Dr. Ross Gordon , former president of the American College for Advancement in Medicine ( ACAM ) .
Chelation ( the most common chelating agent is EDTA , or edetic acid ) also seems effective in the treatment of arteriosclerosis .
But when Dr. H.R. Evers gave his patients chelation treatment in Alabama , the FDA ( remember them ? ) took him to court to stop him ... and they lost .
There are other promising non-traditional approaches to medicine , including vitamin therapy , and hyperbaric oxygen for strokes .
But the US government is planning to follow the lead of the European Union 's Codex Alimentarius , which would ban virtually all over the counter supplements , leaving us peasants to the not - so - tender mercies of the FDA and the big pharmaceutical companies .
So we may not have real proof of suppressed technologies , but we do have a suspicious overall pattern ... and everything is in the patterns .
William B Stoecker
NASA 's Swift satellite has found the most distant gamma -ray burst ever detected .
The blast , designated GRB 080913 , arose from an exploding star 12.8 billion light - years away .
" This is the most amazing burst Swift has seen , " said the mission 's lead scientist Neil Gehrels at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " It 's coming to us from near the edge of the visible universe . "
Because light moves at finite speed , looking farther into the universe means looking back in time .
GRB 080913 's " lookback time " reveals that the burst occurred less than 825 million years after the universe began .
The star that caused this " shot seen across the cosmos " died when the universe was less than one - seventh its present age .
" This burst accompanies the death of a star from one of the universe 's early generations , " says Patricia Schady of the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at University College London , who is organizing Swift observations of the event .
Gamma rays from the far - off explosion triggered Swift 's Burst Alert Telescope at 1:47 a.m. EDT on Sept. 13 .
The spacecraft established the event 's location in the constellation Eridanus and quickly turned to examine the spot .
Less than two minutes after the alert , Swift 's X - Ray Telescope began observing the position .
There , it found a fading , previously unknown X - ray source .
Astronomers on the ground followed up as well .
Using a 2.2 - meter telescope at the European Southern Observatory in La Silla , Chile , a group led by Jochen Greiner at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Garching , Germany , captured the bursts fading afterglow .
advertisement
The telescope 's software listens for alerts from Swift and automatically slewed to the burst position .
Then , the team 's Gamma - Ray Burst Optical / Near - Infrared Detector , or GROND , simultaneously captured the waning light in seven wavelengths .
" Our first exposure began just one minute after the X - Ray Telescope started observing , " Greiner says .
In certain colors , the brightness of a distant object shows a characteristic drop caused by intervening gas clouds .
The farther away the object is , the longer the wavelength where this fade - out begins .
GROND exploits this effect and gives astronomers a quick estimate of an explosion 's shift toward the less energetic red end of the electromagnetic spectrum , or " redshift , " which suggests its record - setting distance .
An hour and a half later , as part of Greiner 's research , the Very Large Telescope at Paranal , Chile , targeted the afterglow .
Analysis of the spectrum with Johan Fynbo of the University of Copenhagen established the blasts redshift at 6.7 -- among the most distant objects known .
Gamma -ray bursts are the universe 's most luminous explosions .
Most occur when massive stars run out of nuclear fuel .
As their cores collapse into a black hole or neutron star , gas jets -- driven by processes not fully understood -- punch through the star and blast into space .
There , they strike gas previously shed by the star and heat it , which generates bright afterglows .
The previous record holder was a burst with a redshift of 6.29 , which placed it 70 million light - years closer than GRB 080913 .
Swift , launched in November 2004 , has had a banner year .
In March , the satellite detected the brightest gamma-ray burst , which was visible to the human eye despite occurring billions of light - years away .
And in January , the spacecraft 's instruments caught the first X - rays from a new supernova days before optical astronomers saw the exploding star .
Swift is managed by Goddard .
It was built and is being operated in collaboration with Penn State University , University Park , Pa. , the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , and General Dynamics of Gilbert , Ariz. , in the U.S. International collaborators include the University of Leicester and Mullard Space Sciences Laboratory in the United Kingdom , Brera Observatory and the Italian Space Agency in Italy , and additional partners in Germany and Japan .
Abstract : A string - formatting function such as printf in C seemingly requires dependent types , because its control string determines the rest of its arguments .
Examples : printf ( " Hello world .
" ) ;
printf ( " The %s is %d .
" , " answer " , 42 ) ;
We show how changing the representation of the control string makes it possible to program printf in ML ( which does not allow dependent types ) .
The result is well typed and perceptibly more efficient than the corresponding library functions in Standard ML of New Jersey and in Caml Note :
This report supersedes the earlier report BRICS RS - 98 - 5 with title Formatting Strings in ML .
Available as PostScript , PDF , DVI .
Yesterday , the FCC ruled that Comcast 's network management practices that specifically targeted BitTorrent users , were unfair .
The ruling is a small victory for Net Neutrality , but it wont stop ISPs from going after the heavy bandwidth users , not at all .
Comcast was ordered to stop slowing down BitTorrent users before the end of the year .
In addition , the company has to disclose all “ network managing ” practices .
The FCC ’s final decision came exactly a year after we first reported on the issue .
Initially , Comcast flatout denied that they were slowing down BitTorrent users , but after AP confirmed our reports , mainstream media picked it up and the FCC got involved .
FCC argues that Comcast ’s actions are unfair because they specifically target BitTorrent , not any other protocols .
Good news right ?
So BitTorrent users will soon be able to download at blazing speeds again ?
Well , not really .
A neutral net wont stop ISPs from slowing down their customers .
Now they simply have to slow down everyone – and that ’s exactly what their plan is .
Comcast already said that they will move on , and throttle bandwidth hogs at peak times when needed .
On top of that , they are enforcing a monthly bandwidth limit , not hesitating to disconnect people who use more than they should .
Comcast is taking these measures under the “ reasonable network management ” flag .
However , what is reasonable now ( if it is ) , might not be one or two years from now .
The problem is that the ISPs are the ones who decide what the limits should be , meaning they can pretty much do whatever they want .
Several ISPs have already started to experiment with new tools to prevent customers from using too much bandwidth .
Comcast will slow down all heavy bandwidth users , and Time Warner Cable is testing metered plans , where users will pay for the bandwidth they transfer .
Worrying developments , to say the least .
Some might not see a problem with metered plans .
We pay for water and gasoline in pretty much the same way .
This is indeed true , but there ’s also a danger in metering the Internet .
It will restrict innovation ( heavy bandwidth apps ) , and the use of high bandwidth video streaming may become something for the elite .
One thing is clear , BitTorrent users will be the main targets of these new “ business models ” .
It was therefore surprising to see comments from Eric Klinker , Chief Technology Officer of BitTorrent , on these initiatives .
“ I think what Comcast and Time Warner Cable are doing is a great first step , ” Klinker told Cnet .
“ It gets ISPs out of the business of deciding which applications are important and which are n’t .
But there are enhancements to the peer - to - peer protocol , in particular , that can make it easier on all ISPs . ”
Net neutrality is not the Holy Grail though – a neutral net is useless if it ’s slower than a biased one .
Klinker agreed on this , and told us that he does n’t think that these new business models , or network management practices , are a good long term strategy .
“ This is a step in the right direction because ISPs are indeed making their networks more “ neutral ” without new legislation requiring them to do so , ” he told Torrent Freak .
“ But make no mistake , bandwidth caps and metered plans are bad for the Internet and could stunt the adoption and growth of all broadband services . ”
Network expert Robb Topolski , who was the first to document Comcast ’s unfair network management practices , thinks that ISPs might experiment with new network management tools , but that these wont stick .
When we asked him whether he thinks the FCC ruling will lead to more bandwidth caps and metered plans , he said : “ If it does , then something has gone wrong with competition .
Customers clearly do n’t want metered plans and bandwidth caps .
There might be some ISPs that experiment with these , but I do n’t see it happening . ”
Let ’s hope Robb is right .
Of course , we applaud the FCC ruling , but we have a strange feeling that ISPs will continue to fight their customers for a while .
They should , of course , move on and invest in the future .
BitTorrent is here to stay , files will get larger , and more bandwidth intensive services will surface , really .
What could be more family - friendly than a Nintendo Wii , a games console replete with motion - sensing technology and gleaming white purity ?
Just look at the marketing ; the families bounding around the living room , gurning with unbridled joy as they compete with each other at video tennis and baseball .
The message is clear ; a Wii is the new social hub , it coaxes gloomy teenagers out of their bedrooms and weans them off Grand Theft Auto .
Wii players do n't buy trench coats and shoot up the local burger bar .
A Wii does not warp fragile young minds .
In the Wii family , if little Johnny gets tetchy he can always give Daddy a working over on electronic boxing , no harm done .
Wii stands for wholesome , healthy family values .
It 's even got brain training and fitness applications .
So the recent stories about the man in the United States who reportedly filed for divorce , citing his Wii as a catalyst for his wife 's infidelity , would have had Nintendo 's marketing Svengalis frothing at the mouth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Returning from a blood - and - guts deployment in Iraq , the unnamed soldier is said to have plugged in his console , no doubt for some light relief , and uncovered evidence that while he was fighting the insurgency , his wife had been conducting her own secret manoeuvres .
You see , a Wii has a gizmo that allows a player to store his or her personal profile , called a Mii .
The soldier discovered that his wife 's Mii had spent long evenings virtual bowling with another Mii .
When he confronted her , she admitted that the mystery Mii was actually a lover .
It probably never entered her mind that the games console could be anything but inert .
However , as more and more philanderers are discovering , modern technology has an increasingly unpleasant ability to trip us up , even the whiter - than - white Wii .
In today 's world , to function as an effective member of 21st - century society , we have to engage with a bewildering array of electronic gadgets , few of which we fully understand .
We stomp digital footprints all over the place , and the unforeseen result of engaging in the information age is that it is becoming harder to have secrets – and , as a result , it is harder to cheat on each other .
Day - to - day actions , such as taking the bus to work and buying a magazine on the way , used to be ephemeral .
But today , every journey , every communication , every penny spent , is logged and stored .
As we move through life , we leave millions of specks of electronic evidence .
Stored on hard drives and mainframes , this data acts like specks of DNA sprayed across the bedsheet of cyberspace .
It 's all there waiting to incriminate us .
In the face of our know - it - all culture , extramarital affairs do not stand a chance .
They are becoming impossible to maintain .
Those classic long - running infidelities of the Seventies and Eighties are dying , gradually killed off by the rise of the machines that sit quietly in the corners of our rooms , their beady LED indicators flickering malevolently , storing information about our thoughts and habits , ready to use it as a weapon against us .
As science drags us forward , it 's a safe prediction that within the next decade , traditional affairs – the ones with longevity , the ones that take planning , scheming and logistics – will have vanished altogether .
The evidence is already mounting .
The number of divorces where adultery is cited as the reason for the marriage break - up is dropping .
From 2005 to 2006 , the number of divorces granted in the UK fell by 4.5 per cent to 148,141 , from 155,052 , the second consecutive drop and the lowest number since 1977 .
Last year , just 29 per cent of divorces happened as a consequence of an affair , down 3 per cent on the previous year .
Affairs are getting shorter , too .
Currently , the most common duration of an affair is less than six months ( 68 per cent of them ) .
Twenty years ago , it was three years .
Affairs are fizzling out , and the change is recent .
If the final years of this decade are sounding the death - knell for the affair , the late Nineties and early Noughties were its zenith – and ever - cheaper technology was the fuel philanderers used to stoke the flames of desire .
Increasingly available technology – mobile phones , SMS messages , internet connections , BlackBerrys and Bluetooth – made it easier than ever to make contact and stay in touch .
" Technosexuals " used phones , email and the internet to hook up with partners for easy encounters .
Bluetooth allowed the unfaithful to pick out potential partners on trains and in bars .
Research by the London School of Economics found that a quarter of mobile - phone users sent sexually explicit text messages , and one in six people flirted with someone who was not their partner via their phones .
As home PCs became affordable , huge numbers of the populace went online .
Through websites such as Friends Reunited , we started to seek out long - forgotten friends , often for romantic reasons .
The same story was played out in homes across the globe .
Bored husbands and housewives , hypnotised by Windows 95 and the wonders of a 24 - bit per second dial - up internet connection , would wobble along the information superhighway from the comfort of the spare bedroom , track down high - school sweethearts and start affairs .
Six month later , the marriage would be over .
Luddites did n't stand a chance .
Even the England goalkeeper David James succumbed to the lure of Friends Reunited and walked out on his 13 - year marriage after rekindling an affair with an old flame through the nostalgia - driven website .
Friends Reunited , launched in 1999 , was arguably the first mainstream social networking site .
More than 15 million people subscribed .
It was suddenly easy for any Tom , Dick or Harriet stuck in a loveless marriage to try to revive the carefree romances of their youth .
Friendships that had lapsed decades ago were dusted off , and affairs were inevitably started .
It became easier than ever to find people to cheat with .
At the same time , the logistics of an affair also became easier , thanks to burgeoning communications technology .
The very structure of the way we communicate with each other changed .
Personal mobile phones outsold home phones ; text messaging abbreviations crept into standard language ; kisses at the end of communications became common ; emails replaced " snail mail " and then replaced telephone calls ; and finally , face - to - face conversations diminished as office workers began emailing colleagues sitting next to them rather than speaking to them .
On the internet , social networking spurred a new dotcom bonanza , with sites such as Facebook , Bebo and MySpace .
The number of sites dedicated to facilitating relationships rocketed .
Sites such as marriedsecrets.com , illicitencounters.com and meet2cheat.co.uk , not to mention the personals sections on sites such as Craigslist and Gumtree , all served to help people conduct affairs .
Casual postings on these sites rose by a nationwide average of 230 per cent between January and May last year .
Groups sprang up on Facebook with names like " Casual sex is the new first base " and " Be my fuck buddy " .
Webcams built into Wi-Fi-equipped laptops made real - time mobile video communication a reality .
And it wo n't stop there .
The BT futurologist Ian Pearson predicts that in the next 10 to 15 years urban positioning technology will mean that you can text an attractive person in a bar just by pointing your phone at them .
He also predicts the rise of technology such as " ego- badges " ; jewellery - like devices on which you will be able to upload personal information for transmission to passers - by .
It would seem to follow from this that it should be bonanza time for the affair as far as the young , digital generation is concerned .
But the figures suggest not .
Rates of younger marriages failing are actually dropping , and the reason is simple – while technology has made it easier to meet and communicate with people , it makes the secrecy needed to conduct an affair almost impossible .
There are just too many ways to get caught , and the technology - savvy realise this .
Back when maintaining a double life involved simply a call from a phone box and a secret rendezvous point , there were very few tracks to cover .
Today , it 's almost impossible to do anything in secret .
Say you work in London and use public transport .
Like five million Londoners , you have a pre-paid Oyster card to travel ; the blue " smart card " introduced by the former mayor Ken Livingstone in 2003 .
Oyster cards record the dates and times of all journeys taken by the holder , and a record of the previous 10 weeks ' travel can easily be seen by entering the card 's serial number on a website .
So , if you lie to your spouse and tell her you were working late last Thursday , she can easily check if you 're telling the truth .
As one private investigator remarked : " An Oyster card wo n't tell you if someone has been cheating on his wife , but it will show if he 's been in one part of town when he 's supposed to be somewhere else .
It 's an easy thing to confront your partner with .
It does n't look like you 've been snooping around too much . "
Oyster cards are just the tip of the iceberg .
Anyone with a rudimentary knowledge of computers can find out what websites have been accessed by sniffing out web history , temporary files and cache records .
It 's easy to check a mobile phone to see what text messages have been sent and received and what numbers have been called .
A quick look at someone 's Facebook profile tells you what company they 've been keeping , what they 've been up to , even how they are feeling .
Snooping has never been easier – and this is just for the beginners .
Surveillance technology is now so widely available that anyone can spy on a partner with gadgets and software that James Bond would be proud of .
There is now a whole industry feeding off the insecurities of suspicious people desperate to know if their partners are cheating .
Computer software can secretly record all the actions and keystrokes on a PC so that snoops can monitor emails , websites visited and documents created .
For a few pounds , you can buy several gadgets that read mobile - phone SIM cards and recover deleted messages .
You can even buy kits online that detect semen ; the makers recommend checking not just underwear , but socks and bedsheets as well .
A gizmo called the Love Detector uses voice analysis technology to evaluate how your partner feels about you .
For the hardcore spy , a £ 500 Miniature Covert GPS Tracker can be hidden in a car , recording its location via mobile phone signals and storing that data on a memory chip .
And for the really paranoid , there 's the mobile phone service that uses tiny wireless cameras concealed around the home to record video footage and send it live to your mobile .
So , once you start an affair , at the first whiff of suspicion your partner has a frightening arsenal of state - of - the - art technology with which to catch you .
And once you 've been caught , modern technology makes it much easier to punish you publicly , too .
Because we can all connect with and contribute to the internet , it now offers jilted lovers the ideal platform on which to air dirty laundry – quite literally , earlier this month , for the wife of a cheating husband who put a photo of his lover 's lacy underwear on eBay .
The listing , by annastella007 in Canberra , Australia , said the lingerie was " so huge it may make a nice shawl " .
It was offered for sale with an empty condom wrapper – " size small " – the wife found in their bed .
Naming and shaming has gone global .
Wronged partners have spurred a cottage industry in cyber - revenge .
Love rats have been humiliated on websites such as myexwifesabitch.com and www.cheated-on.com, which was set up four years ago by Susan Hughes from Devon after she discovered her RAF pilot boyfriend was married .
The latest revenge site , www.liarscheatsandbastards.co.uk, has a section titled Lying Cheating Bastard of the Month .
The reality of the global information age is such that , even in a country such as China , where internet access is controlled , web browsers can log on to Liars Cheats and Bastards and discover that John Humphreys from Margate , aka Johnny Boy , has a mark on his chest that resembles a third nipple , and that he allegedly cheated on his now ex-wife with one of her friends .
According to the site , he is now in Melbourne , Australia , working on computer games .
He probably fled there to escape the humiliation .
Relationship experts and marriage counsellors are now seeing indications of a sea change in the way people cheat , driven by the relentless advance of technology .
Andrew G Marshall , a psychologist , wrote : " While starting to cheat might be simple , keeping an affair going has become almost impossible .
I would regularly counsel couples where an affair had lasted more than three years .
Today , he or she will first get proof and confront .
The result is that the length of affairs has dropped dramatically .
Looking at all the evidence , it seems that the end of the secret affair is in sight . "
There is , however , one anomaly in the data , one area where the affair is holding out and even striking back , and that is in the baby - boomer generation .
It seems that it was the post - war generation that got to cheat with impunity , and recent research suggests they are still at it .
A study conducted by researchers at the University of New Hampshire found that the likelihood of a man having an affair now peaks at the age of 55 .
Older generations , less engaged with modern technology , leave fewer traces when they cheat and are less likely to get caught .
For them , cheating is still a viable option .
Divorce figures bear this out .
Growing numbers of break - ups in long - established marriages are having a marked effect on divorce rates , which were traditionally dominated by younger couples .
While rates of young couples divorcing are decreasing , couples married for more than 30 years are now twice as likely to divorce as they were 10 years ago .
In 1996 , there were 16,700 divorces involving men in their fifties .
In 2006 , that figure had risen to 24,700 .
Of course , affairs are not always the reason for a divorce , but they feature increasingly in broken long - term marriages as , in a population staying active and healthier for longer , marriages are lasting perhaps decades longer too .
So there is an increasing chance that couples will get bored with each other in later life .
Older generations are also more financially secure , thanks to the property boom of the past 30 years , so divorce is less of a financial issue .
Add to this mix Viagra and other drugs that help men to stay sexually active , and Botox and cosmetic procedures that help women look younger , and you have a generation not yet ready to give up on extramarital activity .
In contrast , younger people are now leaving it later in life to get married , which means it is more likely that when they do get hitched , they will have found the right partner and will be less likely to stray .
Marital relationships and communication between the sexes have also changed in the past 30 years ; there is more equality between partners , more empathy , and men and women communicate more than they did 30 or 40 years ago when marriage was often simply a route out of your parents ' house .
Women 's independence and empowerment has meant that marriage is now a choice rather than a necessity for most brides , so most partnerships begin from a healthier starting point .
All this bodes well for the ever - decreasing numbers of people who do marry , but it leaves the prognosis for the affair looking decidedly shaky .
In fact , whereas in the later part of the last century , having an affair was seen as a misdemeanour and treated with nudge - nudge - wink - wink sniggers in films and sitcoms ( how many of us have sat transfixed in front of shows like Trisha , astonished at the convoluted mess some people manage to make of their private lives ? ) , there is now evidence of a moral backlash against philanderers and a puritanical zeal that does not tolerate cheats .
Earlier this year , the author Mira Kirshenbaum , clinical director of the Chestnut Hill Institute in Boston , a centre for relationship therapy and research , caused moral indignation with her book When Good People Have Affairs , her 11th self - help volume .
In it , she dared to suggest that decent people have affairs and that , in some instances , infidelity can help marriages .
She was roundly criticised by her peers for suggesting that adulterers deserve sympathy ; one said : " Adulterers are neither kind nor good people , so what sort of sympathy are we supposed to give them ?
A good person does n't betray their loved ones . "
Especially not , it seems , if that good person has a high chance of being found out .
Rock Band Reality TV Show Revealed , Helmed by Survivor Creator Burnett
Led by Mark Burnett , creator of reality shows Survivor and The Apprentice , the program is billed as " the first show based on the new video game Rock Band 2 . "
The listing calling for " four people to form their own band and show us their stuff live on stage for the chance to win the Ultimate Rock Band Experience . "
The four should " be prepared to rock , " live within Southern California , and be at least 18 years old .
No past musical experience in required .
As with the game itself , which is developed by the MTV - owned Harmonix , the four - person band has slots for a bassist , guitarist , vocalist and drummer .
The revelation comes just before this Sunday 's release of Rock Band 2 on Xbox 360 , with PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 and Wii versions following later in the year .
Word of a Rock Band reality show follows a recent statement from Rush Hour director Brett Ratner , in which he expressed his desire to make a Guitar Hero movie .
As predicted , SEC planning measures to rein in aggressive short - selling partly blamed for Lehman 's demise .
With Wall Street engulfed in crisis , the Securities and Exchange Commission is planning measures to rein in aggressive forms of short - selling that were blamed in part for the demise of Lehman Brothers and which some fear could be turned against other vulnerable companies .
During emergency meetings between federal officials and investment bank executives over the weekend , SEC Chairman Christopher Cox indicated to the bankers that the agency plans in a few days to impose new permanent protections against abusive " naked " short - selling , a person familiar with the matter said Monday .
Unlike the SEC 's temporary emergency ban this summer covering naked short - selling in 19 stocks , the new measures would apply to trading in the broader market .
The measures likely would include removing an exception for market makers in options on stocks from rules restricting naked short - selling , and a tightening of anti-fraud rules related to that activity , according to the person familiar with the matter .
Those two measures could be put in place administratively by quick approval of the SEC commissioners .
Another change , reducing from 13 to five the number of days that short - sellers would have to deliver stocks after an initial failure to do so , would require a public meeting and formal vote to propose it as a new rule .
Naked Shorting Zero Role In Demise Of Lehman
Fitch Downgrades Lehman
Fitch Ratings has downgraded the long - and short - term Issuer Default Ratings ( IDRs ) and outstanding debt ratings of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , ( LBHI ) , parent of Lehman Brothers Inc and other subsidiaries as follows :
-- Long - term IDR to ' D ' from ' A + ' ;
-- Short - term IDR to ' D ' from ' F1 ' ;
-- Senior debt to ' CCC ' from ' A + ' ;
-- Subordinated debt to ' C ' from ' A ' ;
-- Preferred stock to ' C ' from ' A ' .
New details from the McCann / Wooten divorce suggest that Sarah Palin is an abusive scumbag
September 9 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
Back when I was a family law attorney , I sometimes taught a “ pro se education ” class at the court , which was mandatory in the state I practiced in for people going through a divorce without an attorney .
One of the issues that I covered in the class was the standard interim order that is issued in every divorce that involves children in that state .
This order includes the requirement that neither parent disparage the other parent in front of the children .
The explanation I gave about why this part of the order is so important is that children automatically understand that they are created by both of their parents , 50 % one parent and 50 % the other .
To disparage the other parent disparages that child .
If you call your soon - to - be ex-wife a scumbag , you are calling your child a scumbag .
It is confusing and hurtful for children , and it often backfires .
It backfires because a child typically becomes defensive of the disparaged parent – and of course they would , they are essentially defending themselves .
Which brings us to Sarah Palin and the concern that she and / or her family members engaged in “ emotional child abuse , ” to such a stunning degree that the judge presiding over the McCann / Wooten divorce threatened to give residential custody to Michael Wooten if the disparagement continued .
Via Newsweek on September 9 , 2008 , by way of TPM :
In an order signed Jan. 31 , 2006 , which granted Palin ’s sister and Wooten a final divorce decree , Judge Suddock continued to express concern about attacks by Palin ’s family on Wooten .
The judge even threatened to curb Palin ’s sister ’s child custody rights if family criticism of Wooten continued .
Based on what Newsweek reports later on in the article , the judge did n’t just threaten to “ curb ” those custody rights , the judge threatened to order the children into Michael Wooten ’s residential custody if the “ emotional child abuse ” continued .
The exact role played by Sarah Palin is n’t clear from what Newsweek reports , but it does sound like the Court determined that there was a concerted effort by her family to disparage Mike Wooten in front of the children .
In monitoring how a joint - custody arrangement worked out , the judge said in his order that he would pay particular attention to problems noted by a “ custody investigator , ” specifically “ the disparagement of the father [ Wooten ] by the mother [ Molly Hackett , Sarah Palin ’s sister ] and her family members . ”
“ It is the mother ’s [ Hackett ’s ] responsibility to set boundaries for her relatives and insure [ sic ] they respect them , and the disparagement by either parent , or their surrogates is emotional child abuse , ” Judge Suddock wrote .
He added that : “ If the court finds it is necessary due to disparagement in the Mat - Su Valley [ the area north of Anchorage where Palin and her extended family live ] , for the children ’s best interests , it [ the court ] will not hesitate to order custody to the father and a move into Anchorage . ”
One serious quibble with the Newsweek article is this line :
A court filing by Wooten ’s lawyer indicates that within months of being issued , the violence protection order was dismissed .
Because the online court records are clear that the protection order was voluntarily dismissed by Molly McCann before it was ever finalized , and the temporary protection order that was granted ( based only on McCann ’s affidavit and without a hearing ) was in effect from April 11 , 2005 through April 27 , 2005 .
On April 11 , 2005 , Palin ’s sister , Molly J. McCann , filed for a domestic violence restraining order against her then - husband Michael Wooten .
The hearing was vacated , and the venue of the case changed to Anchorage , Alaska .
On April 27 , 2005 , there was a brief hearing on the restraining order , and the domestic violence case was dismissed , and a “ no contact order ” was instead entered in the divorce .
The hearing was a status conference , not a trial , and the case was settled by an agreement to the entry of a civil “ no contact order ” in the divorce .
This means that no findings of domestic violence were made on the record in this case and no domestic violence protection was granted by the court beyond the temporary order .
A detailed chronology of the Troopergate scandal and the McCann / Wooten divorce case can be seen here .
Discrete Mathematics :
This course covered the mathematical topics most directly related to computer science .
Topics included : logic , relations , functions , basic set theory , countability and counting arguments , proof techniques , mathemati
cal induction , graph theory , combinatorics , discrete probability , recursion , recurrence relations , and number theory .
Emphasis will be placed on providin
g a context for the application of the mathematics within computer science .
The analysis of algorithms requires the ability to count the number of operations in an algorithm .
Recursive algorithms in particular depend on the solution to a recurrence equation , and a proof of correctness by mathematical induction .
The design of a digital circuit requires the knowledge of Boolean algebra .
Software engineering uses sets , graphs , trees and other data structures .
Number theory is at the heart of secure messaging systems and cryptography .
Logic is used in AI research in theorem proving and in database query systems .
Proofs by induction and the more general notions of mathematical proof are ubiquitous in theory of computation , compiler design and formal grammars .
Probabilistic notions crop up in architectural trade - offs in hardware design .
Algebra
Video Lectures
( Click on the titles of lectures ( they dont appear as links , but on click they work as links ) .
Access to lectures restricted to USA only .
In this series , host Sol Garfunkel explains how algebra is used for solving real - world problems and clearly explains concepts that may baffle many students .
Graphic illustrations and on -location examples help students connect mathematics to daily life .
The series also has applications in geometry and calculus instruction .
Algebra is also valuable for teachers seeking to review the subject matter .
Linear Algebra
This is a basic subject on matrix theory and lin
ear algebra .
Emphasis is given to topics that will be useful in other disciplines , including systems of equations , vector spaces , determinants , eigenvalues , similarity , and positive definite matrices .
Mathematical Problems II
Mathematics originated in the distant past as our ancestors tried to understand the world around them .
The lectures are ordered by their complexity and background needed to understand them .
First , the course will survey the role that problems and problem - solving have played in the historical development of mathematics .
In Lecture 1 course covers Mesopotomian and Egyptian mathematics
Then the course goes over the basic elements of problem solving :
Models , Abstraction , Conjectures , Hypotheses , Proofs ( Heuristic , Rigorous ) , Generalizations
Differential Equations
Differential Equations are the language in which the laws of nature are expressed .
Understanding properties of solutions of differential equations is fundamental to much of contemporary science and engineering .
Ordinary differential equations ( ODE's ) deal with functions of one variable , which can often be thought of as time .
Topics include : Solution of first - order ODE's by analytical , graphical and numerical methods ; Linear ODE's , especially second order with constant coefficients ; Undetermined coefficients and variation of parameters ; Sinusoidal and exponential signals : oscillations , damping , resonance ; Complex numbers and exponentials ; Fourier series , periodic solutions ; Delta functions , convolution , and Laplace transform methods ; Matrix and first order linear systems : eigenvalues and eigenvectors ; and Non-linear autonomous systems : critical point analysis and phase plane diagrams .
Mathematical Methods for Engineers I
This course provides a review of linear algebra , including applications to networks , structures , and estimation , Lagrange multipliers .
Also covered are : differential equations of equilibrium ; Laplace 's equation and potential flow ; boundary - value problems ; minimum principles and calculus of variations ; Fourier series ; discrete Fourier transform ; convolution ; and applications .
Related Posts
More Mathematics and Theoretical Computer Science Video Lectures
( Includes algebra , elementary statistics , applied probability , finite mathematics , trigonometry with calculus , mathematical computation , pre-calculus , analytic geometry , first year calculus , business calculus , mathematical writing ( by Knuth ) , computer science problem seminar ( by Knuth ) , dynamic systems and chaos , computer musings ( by Knuth ) and other Donald E. Knuth lectures )
Mathematics Video Lectures
( Includes course practice of mathematics and lots of mathematics seminar videos in applied maths , geometry / topology , liquid flow and string theory )
Mathematics Video Lectures
( Includes calculus , vector calculus , tensors , the most important concepts of mathematics , basic mathematics , numerical methods , p=np problem , randomness , fractals and splines and various lectures from advanced institute for study . )
Have fun watching these .
I have approx .
40 more links of math video lectures to sort .
A major portion of the decades - old national air traffic control system used to manage thousands of commercial and general aviation takeoffs and landings every day in the United States has crashed multiple times under the 20 - year strain of its 24/7 operations .
As a result , industry analysts and a number of former Federal Aviation Administration staff members believe there is heightened likelihood of a major air traffic stoppage , as was demonstrated twice in the last two weeks by the crash of the system head in Atlanta .
They also believe there is a new , increasing vulnerability to terrorist cyber - attacks .
The Aug. 26 event in which a corrupt file of some sort entered the system and rendered it useless for about 90 minutes during a high - traffic period was not an isolated incident , as the FAA 's chief administrator originally had told the media .
Hundreds of flights were delayed and thousands of passengers were thrown off schedule by the system crash , which lasted only 90 minutes but caused widespread havoc .
The NADIN ( National Airspace Data Interchange Network ) system , which processes an average of 1.5 million messages per day , has a history of technical issues , and resulting travel disruptions are not out of the ordinary , according to knowledgeable air industry sources .
The FAA originally had reported Aug. 27 that the breakdown of the automated system was the first of its kind .
The crash apparently had baffled FAA officials , who then conducted a technical investigation to determine the cause .
The 90 - minute system crash , which pretty much affected all the major airports in the nation , later was blamed on a single corrupt file - most likely a virus - that had entered the system and somehow torpedoed it into uselessness .
The second NADIN system in Salt Lake City , to its credit , continued normally in handling all the West Coast flight plans .
But when Atlanta crashed , all the East Coast data switched over immediately to Salt Lake City , which could not handle the extra data traffic - even though it was designed to handle 125 percent of normal load in the event of an emergency .
Commercial aircraft of any type cannot take off with having filed a valid flight plan , one that includes destination , estimated flight speed , description of cargo , estimated altitude , weather conditions and a number of other data points .
So , for a part of the afternoon of Aug. 26 , pilots at about 40 U.S. airports were forced to manually type their flight plan information into the system , causing long delays in takeoffs .
Chicago 's O'Hare International , one of the two or three busiest airports in the world , and nearby Midway Airport were among the most directly affected .
" We 've just never seen it fail in this manner , " Hank Krakowski , the chief operating officer for the FAA 's Air Traffic Organization , said in his media remarks .
However , a look at the record shows it had indeed failed several times before , including only five days prior to the Aug. 26 crash .
While compulsive gambling is only beginning to be addressed by mental health professionals , they must now face a new affliction : Internet addiction .
" The problem is n't widespread but we know of serious cases in which teenagers do n't leave the house , do n't have interpersonal relationships , and have been isolated in front of their computer screen for the past two or three years , and only speak in the language of the characters they play with in network video games , " says Louise Nadeau , a professor at the Université de Montréal 's Department of Psychology .
" In a few years we 'll have couples in therapy because the Internet will have become their main occupation . "
Nadeau is director of the new university institute on addiction .
It was created last year by the Ministère de la Santé et des Services sociaux .
The mandate of the institute is to conduct epidemiological studies on addiction , evaluate the services available to patients , guarantee state - of - the - art practices , and document new forms of addiction .
There is no lack of data on compulsive gambling and alcoholism .
But there is a vacuum when it comes to Internet addiction .
" There is no reliable study or clinical data on the issue , " says Nadeau .
" We are starting from scratch . "
A survey conducted in the Quebec health network concluded that hundreds of patients have consulted a professional about this issue .
Researchers hope to further develop this data and determine the clinical threshold of addiction , establish how the disease evolves and elaborate intervention techniques .
To better communicate their findings the institute will use a knowledge broker .
" It 's like a journalist for a research team but the public is made up of clinicians , " explains Nadeau .
" The broker must communicate the data in accessible terms and make sure it is targeted to the needs of practitioners . "
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Stylesheets can get large real quickly , both in terms of length and file size .
To ensure that your web pages render correctly and quickly , here ’s a compilation of some of the best free , web - based CSS optimizers / compressors , code formatters , and validation services .
Check them out and pick the ones that work best for you .
Optimizing and Compression
CSS Optimizer is a simple online optimizer that processes your current CSS and outputs the compressed version .
You have the option of linking to the URL of your stylesheet , uploading a CSS file , or directly inputting your styles .
It ’s a simple tool that ’s “ plug - and - chug ” – there are no options , so the optimization procedure will remain the same for all your inputs ( great if you ’d like to standardize compression settings ) .
Clean CSS is based on the popular CSS minifier , CSSTidy .
You can set your desired compression level ( the trade - off to higher compression is more difficult readability ) and customize compression options .
It prints out a line - by - line report afterwards to show you exactly what ’s been changed .
Also check out CSS Formatter and Optimiser , which uses a more recent version of CSSTidy ( 1.3dev ) .
CSS Drive ’s CSS compressor has two modes , Regular mode and Advanced mode ( which has a few more options that you can set ) .
You can remove the comments ( strip comments option ) or specify to strip comments that exceed a certain character limit , thus retaining comments that are short .
Regular mode is perfect for those that are n’t picky – just choose between Light , Normal , and Super Compact compression and you ’re ready to rock .
Online CSS Optimizer
Online CSS
Optimizer is another simple CSS optimization tool based on the CSS optimizer command - line application for OS X and Linux .
You have two ways to input your CSS : either via the text box provided on the page or directly linking to your stylesheet .
Sometimes you ’ll find that you need to reverse the compression – you can do so by using the Uncompress CSS application on the site .
Another popular web - based CSS compression tool is Robson ’s open - source CSS Compressor , ( check out the CSS Compressor PHP source code ) .
There are plenty of compression options you can set that deals with colors , measurements ( units ) , rules , and CSS properties .
CSS Compressor also provides a useful Combine utility for simultaneously combining and compressing up to three separate CSS files .
The flumpCakes Style Sheet Optimizer is another optimizer and formatter with a few options .
It gives you the choice of automatically combining background , font , list , and border attributes into short - hand notation and a Pretty Print option that standardizes code format .
One cool feature is the Backlink feature which provides you a URL that you can bookmark and return to anytime to view your stylesheet ’s compressed state .
Formatting
FormatCSS
FormatCSS allows you to paste your valid CSS code , correcting and standardizing your source code .
There ’s several available settings and rules that you can apply to achieve the type of format you desire – including ordering your CSS alphabetically , de-capitalizing your code , and some options for dealing with styles .
prettyprinter .de is n’t limited to CSS – it also formats PHP , Java , C++ , C , Perl and JavaScript – so it ’s a terrific “ one - stop - shop ” for your formatting needs if you happen to work with any of the other supported languages .
It has a total of 13 different options you can set including “ Reduce Whitespace ” , “ Remove empty lines ” , and automatically adding new lines after curly brackets .
Tabifier is multi-language web - tool specifically designed for standardizing indents in source code .
It supports HTML , CSS , and C Style .
It ’s a simple tool , excellent for quickly formatting your indents .
Validating and Checking
Perhaps the most common web - based validation service for CSS is the W3C CSS Validation Service .
It ’s very simple to use , just enter the URL of your stylesheet and it will output the status of your stylesheet and point out errors , warnings and other issues .
Juicy Studio : CSS Analyser
Juicy Studio ’s CSS
Analyser combines the W3C validation service with additional checks of color contrast ( helpful for vision - impairment accessibility issues ) and units of measurement used in your source code .
You can input the CSS either via the URL or copying your code onto the text box provided on the page .
The result is a very detailed breakdown of errors and warning about your CSS , similar to the W3C CSS Validation Service .
CSS Redundancy Checker
CSS Redundancy Checker is a simple tool for checking to see if you have redundant styles that can be combined together .
This reduces unneeded styles and is a good way to check your work .
It ’s a three - step process : simply link to your stylesheet , put a few pages that use the stylesheet , and press the “ check ” button .
The output is a detailed list of suggestions and places where you can reduce code by combining redundant styles .
If you ’ve used any of the tools above , please share your experiences ( good and especially bad ) with us in the comments .
Since these are automated and have standard processing methods , please exercise caution and use your own judgment when using the outputs – things can get badly broken so do thoroughly test the results !
If you liked this post , these other posts might also be interesting to you :
" Do not make permanent decisions on the basis of temporary emotions . "
John McCain 's campaign hit back at Madonna on Sunday after the pop diva began her world tour with a concert that bracketed the US presidential candidate with Adolf Hitler .
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds angrily condemned the segment of Madonna 's concert in Cardiff , Wales , that appeared to draw a comparison between McCain , Hitler and Zimbabwean strongman Robert Mugabe .
" The comparisons are outrageous , unacceptable and crudely divisive all at the same time , " Bounds said in a statement reported by Fox News .
Military researchers are building mechanical suits that provide superstrength and inhuman endurance .
Next up : an undersea exoskeleton that turns the wearer into a giant , cyborg penguin .
A recent Pentagon report on the threat of technological surprise highlighted " devices that have been designed to improve or extend human performance in the physical domain " as an area of rapid development .
Most took that to mean Iron Man–style exoskeletons .
But the underwater version may offer more benefits in the short term :
the potential advantages of biologically inspired approaches are considerable , including increased stealth ( unlike propeller - driven devices , which produce a distinct signature , they are indistinguishable from background noise ) , natural interface ( they form a transparent extension of the wearer ’s body ) , and hands - free operation ( they can be operated using only the lower body ) .
With today ’s components , a cruising speed of 1 m/ sec is feasible with approximately 2.4 kg off - the - shelf silver - zinc batteries .
The report 's estimates come from work carried out by Peter Neuhaus and Jerry Pratt , at the University of West Florida 's Institute for Human and Machine Cognition .
The team 's concept is known as Performance Improving Self Contained Exoskeleton for Swimming ( " PISCES " ) .
They have looked at various bio -inspired systems that are based on animal propulsion , and borrowed design features from dolphins , sea turtles and , yes , penguins .
They can't turn you into Michael Phelps , but they can certainly make a big difference improve speed and endurance .
Their lower - body concept is like a powered version of normal swim fins ;
it senses and amplifies your natural movements .
While there are plenty of devices already on the market for swimmers , these gadgets are relatively easy to detect at a distance .
PISCES would be much more useful than these for a stealthy underwater assault .
The more fanciful version is an upper - body concept that straps to your arms and allows you to swim like a penguin – unfortunately this is a very awkward approach for most swimmers :
The major drawback to upper extremity design is that the flapping motion is not a natural form of swimming for humans .
Even though the robotic device would provide most of the force required for locomotion , the user would still be required to perform the basic motion .
The other difficulty with an upper extremity exoskeleton is having the user control the pitch of the fin .
Peter Neuhaus says that their underwater exoskeleton is still in development ; recently , he 's been concentrating on a lower - body exoskeleton that will allow the disabled to walk again .
But somewhere else , if the threat report is to be believed , there may be someone working on an underwater army of superfrogmen ( or superpenguinmen )
ready to launch a surprise assault .
( Pictures : Institute for Human and Machine Cognition , University of West Florida )
See Also :
Ramsey County sheriff ’s deputies found weapons and devices to disable buses – among other items – in searches in the Twin Cities last night and today .
Authorities said the items came from “ key members of the RNC Welcoming Committee , ” a self - described anarchist group .
Five people have been arrested and four properties have been searched , according to the sheriff ’s office .
At 8 a.m. today , the sheriff ’s office executed search warrants at three Minneapolis homes – 2301 23rd Ave. S. , 3500 Harriet Ave. and 3240 17th Ave. S. The FBI , Minneapolis police and the Hennepin County sheriff ’s office assisted them .
“ The ‘ Welcoming Committee ’ is a criminal enterprise made up of 35 anarchists who are intent on committing criminal acts before and during the Republican National Convention , ” said Sheriff Bob Fletcher in a statement .
“ These acts include tactics to blockade and disable delegate buses , breaching venue security and injuring police officers .
They have recruited assistance in their criminal conspiracy from other anarchists groups throughout the country .
Through their plans and actions they have exhibited a blatant disregard for the law and the safety of others . ”
The statement said the items found in the searches included :
Materials to create “ sleeping dragons ” ( PVC pipe , chicken wire , duct tape ) , which is when protesters lock themselves together
Large amounts of urine , including three to five gallon buckets of urine
Wrist rockets ( high - powered slingshots )
A machete , hatchet and several throwing knives
a gas mask and filter
Empty glass bottles
Rags
Flammable liquids
Homemade caltrops ( devises used to disable buses in roads )
Metal pipes
Axes
Bolt cutters
Sledge hammers
Rapelling equipment
Kryptonite locks
Empty plastic buckets cut and made into shields
Material for protective padding
Earlier this month human breast milk was being included in at least 75 % of " various soups and sauces " at Storchen restaurant , including a Chantarelle sauce with breast milk and cognac .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Listening to CNN ’s live coverage of John McCain and Barack Obama from the Saddleback Civil Forum early on Sunday morning , I fell to wondering how many abortions the average woman reader of the Telegraph has had .
More than you might think is the answer .
More than women readers themselves might think .
That ’s if John McCain was right in his reply to Pastor Rick Warren before a 5,000 - strong audience in the Saddleback mega- church just a few miles south of Disneyland in southern California .
In separate interviews , Warren pitched the same set of questions to each candidate .
One was : “ At what point does a baby get human rights ? ”
Obama , typically , adopted a furrow - browed expression of philosophical concern , and waffled : “ Whether you are looking at it from a theological perspective or a scientific perspective , answering that question with specificity , you know , is above my pay grade . ' ”
McCain , in contrast , interrupted before the question was out : “ At the moment of conception ! ” Cue wild applause .
I left the debate at that point and logged on to Bloomberg.com to re-read a suddenly - more - interesting article posted the previous week by news columnist Ann Woolner .
“ It 's impossible for me to know how many abortions I 've had , ” began Woolner .
“ If asked last week , I would have confidently declared , none .
Now , I do n't know .
It depends on what the meaning of the word ‘ abortion ’ is . ”
She went on to report that the McCain line on the beginning of life has been anticipated by Bush ’s Department of Health and Human Services : the department has just drafted a rule which a McCain administration would presumably try to insert into federal law .
This decrees that an abortion has taken place when a contraceptive prevents a fertilised egg from embedding itself in the uterine wall — one of the ways many birth - control pills work .
If that 's abortion , millions of women who did n't know they were pregnant , and who , medically , were not pregnant , have had multiple abortions .
The rule , observed Ms Woolner , “ would give a ‘ human being in utero ' status to the itty bitty zygote ” .
Smaller by far than a single grain of salt , the zygote is the cluster of cells formed when sperm penetrates an egg .
It travels toward the uterus and either keeps going and leaves the woman 's body , or attaches itself to her uterine wall some five to 10 days after fertilisation .
The logic of McCain ’s position is that if the departure of the cluster of cells from the body happens naturally , that ’s the death by natural causes of a human being , with the same moral significance as the death of a mother , a father , a child , a friend .
If the departure is brought about by a pill , that 's murder , the moral equivalent of a member of your family being knifed to death .
But according to standard medical definitions , Ms Wolmer pointed out , a woman is n't pregnant until the zygote lodges .
Pregnancy tests register negative if taken before that .
It might be thought that if the aim of opponents of choice is to keep the incidence of abortion down , they ’d be pressing for more readily available birth control .
But no .
Here , as in the US , those who share McCain ’s view campaign to ensure that rape victims or women pregnant as a result of incest are refused emergency contraception .
This is the practice at most hospitals in the North , where , effectively , the ethical framework is set by adherents of Christian fundamentalist teaching .
Woolner quotes Douglas Kirkpatrick , president of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists : “ This practice is an affront to health professionals and American women . ”
The American Medical Association has written a letter of complaint to US Health Secretary Michael Leavitt , as have 28 senators , calling the practice “ utterly irresponsible ” .
Anti-choice campaigners in the US , as here , appear to believe that repetition of the phrase “ Abortion is murder ” counts as an argument .
But it does n’t .
It is statement of belief .
And it ’s being imposed on women who do n’t accept the belief .
Nobody at all suggests that acceptance of abortion as a legitimate choice should be imposed on anyone who does n’t believe in choice .
But the self - styled “ pro-lifers ” wo n’t accept that those who do believe in the right to choose have the same right as themselves to live by the precepts which accord with their own conscience .
What opponents of choice like McCain and those who run most of our hospitals are saying is that a woman who is distraught to discover that she is pregnant , no matter how the pregnancy came about , no matter what the implications for her own well - being , no matter what her beliefs or what her own conscience tells her is right , must be forced , by law or lack of facilities , to carry the pregnancy to full term .
They have a fundamental cheek .
Belfast Telegraph
( or see the latest posts )
Can I leave this related pea here ?
Wow !
Thanks for all your clicks guys and gals !!!
111 ( , Thu 4 Sep 2008 , 9:42 , More
Here 's the first print ad for the Sony A900 , spotted in a Danish photography magazine , enjoying bubbles like an 8 - year - old girl .
But if that 's still not enough to convince you that this 25 megapixel SLR is just days from release , Sony has confirmed an SLR announcement during a Tokyo event next Wednesday .
Short of bribing Mr. Sony knocking on your door with an A900 in - hand , this is pretty much the best we can nail things down for the time being .
[ DPReview and PCWorld via Photography Bay ]
Advertisement
Obama : ' Honor '
In his new ad , Obama goes at McCain on process , accusing him of running a dishonorable campaign .
The Obama campaign is still searching for a potent way to define McCain -- remember that whole " seven houses thing ?
What became of that ? -- and the reason this could work is less that Americans are obsessed with process , than that McCain 's image is , or used to be , based on personal and political honor .
The quotes in the ad , which cites the news outlet in big letters and the columnist 's name in small ones , are largely from opinion writers -- though McCain has taken hits in news columns as well .
One that caught my eye is citing the blogger Steve Benen under the heading of " CBSNews , " which sometimes picks up his writing on Washington Monthly 's blog .
See more video
introducing
restlessdev insourcing
Are you looking to build your web app and build out your team at the same time ?
RestlessDev InSourcing lets you meet both needs at once .
@totoro :
Your prediction is a little out there for my tastes .
If they drop the GBA slot , they lose a lot of things .
No more rumble , no more Guitar Hero , no more other potential add - ons .
Now , it 's much more of an Extension slot than a GBA slot .
Improve Wi-Fi ... how ?
Include 802.11 - N?
Better range ?
As I said before , yeah , you could add to it , but I do n't think it would really gain anything .
Bluetooth is a maybe , as is Opera , but I do n't see Skype or anything PDA - like happening .
Ever .
They could include anti-piracy measures , but it'd just be a waste of money .
Pirates always beat them .
If it were that thin , I feel like it would break , given it would still have to have the clamshell dual screens .
And Wii integration would be great , but there 's really no reason they can't do that with existing hardware .
I mean , the two can already connect , they just do n't use it very often .
And they would kind of have to improve the graphics .
I 'm not saying to GNC - levels , but if they did n't improve it , you know people would get mad .
And people seem to forget that while Japan is big in the industries and development , it 's a small country .
There are fewer people in comparison .
As has already been pointed out , yeah , Japan 's market may be getting saturated , but that does n't mean that the rest of the world is n't still alright .
We 're bigger .
Let the PSP gain some ground in Japan ; the DS is still doing well everywhere else .
オブジェクト指向をわかりたいなら今すぐ『オブジェクト指向でなぜつくるのか』を読め
-思っているよりもずっとずっと人生は短い。
VS お勧め本？ - カレーなる辛口Javaな転職日記 について、http://www.kt.rim.or.jp/~kbk/zakkicho/08/zakkicho0807c.html#D20080728-4 さんよりお呼びが掛かりました。
普段、さんざ召還魔法を使いまくっている私としては、ここは恩返しのしどころです。けれど、敵はあまりに強大で...。
結論から先に言えば 、OO の入門書としては、本書はダメです。ただ、なぜダメなのかを説明するのが難しくって。たとえば、はてブのyuguiさんのコメントみたいに
（強調はあたし ）
「 みえる 」 「そこっ！」みたいな感じで問題点がわかってしまうと言う、端から見るとまるでニュータイプ(^^ ;
な人向けに書くのは出来そうなのだけれど、ただ、それを解らない人（つまり、OOの入門書を必要とする人）に納得頂けるように
「○○だからこの本は良くないよ」と説明するのは非常に難しいです。
たとえ話で恐縮なのですが、間違っているとは言えないけれどゆがんでいるものを積み立てて行ったら、明後日の方向に積み上がってしまった・・といった感じですので、部分部分を抜き出しても駄目なところがわかりにくいし（むしろ正しいことが書いてあるように見える）、かといって筋道をたてて指摘をしだすと、OOPの本が一冊書けてしまうような感じなのです。むー、困った。
アプロー チ1 取りあえず、本書にしてはめずらしく大きく外している（部分で抜き出しても有害さを説明しやすい）、
クラスの説明の部分を抜き出してみます。
この間違ったクラス説明をするために、OOPL以前の言語についての説明もワザとおかしくなっています。クラスの説明が間違っているから、「パッケージ」が
OOP だとかよく解らないことが書いてあります。 「 進化したOOPの仕組み１―パッケージ」は、わかりやすくオレオレでしょ？ 先ほどは「まとめる」仕組みとしてクラスを紹介しました。このパッケージは、そのクラスはさらに「まとめる」仕組みです。
* * *
この本における、クラスに説明は以下のようになっています。 クラスは「まとめて、隠して、たくさん作る」仕組み
1 ) サブルーチンと変数を 「 まとめる 」
2 ) クラスの内部だけで使う変数やサブルーチンを「隠す」
3 ) 1つのクラスからインスタンスをたくさん「作る 」 一見よさげに見えますが、ここが歪みの震源地。かなりまずい説明です。この歪んだ土台に論理を構築すると、どうなってしまうのかを見てみましょう。
「 まとめる」の部分は具体的には以下の様に記述してあります。
クラスは、変数とサブルーチンをまとめたものです。
ここでいう変数とはC言語やCOBOLなどにおけるグローバル変数のことです。
グローバル変数とサブルーチンをまとめる？この説明を「OOPならでは」にするため、3章「OOPを理解する近道はプログラミング言語の歴史にあり」で過去のプログラミング言語について説明する際、ちょっとした「嘘」が入ってます。
構造化プログラミングでは解決できない2つの問題が残りました。それはグローバル変数問題と貧弱な再利用です。
モジュールを黙殺しちゃってるんです。*1 たとえばC でも 翻訳単位をモジュールと見立てて、関数（サブルーチン）と変数を まとめたり、変数や関数の名前のスコープを限定したりすることは当たり前に出来て、「 まとめて、かくす」は 普通にやっています。 そこら辺に感じやすい人 （Cを使いこなしている人）が、本書の OOP を OOP だと信じると、上記で引用したクラスの定義の 内 、1 ) と 2 ) は OOP とは関係成しに出来る部分であることに気がつきます。そうすると今まで無かった部分と
OOP ならではの部分に線引きして、 「 そうか ！OOP ってこういうコトなんだ 」と、新たな
OOP を発見しちゃう訳です。 たとえばコチラ。疑りぶかいあなたのためのオブジェクト指向再入門
世間の入門書では、オブジェクト指向といえば「カプセル化」「継承 」
「ポリモルフィズム」ということになっていると思いますが、実のところカプセル化なんてオブジェクト指向とは無関係に昔から行われてきたことですし、継承やポリモルフィズムは、
必ずしも最初に覚えなければならないことではありません。（中略）
私は、オブジェクト指向の「本質」と呼ぶべきものは、カプセル化でも継承でもポリモルフィズムでもなく、「マルチプルインスタンス」にあると思っています
疑りぶかいあなたのためのオブジェクト指向再入門
自然な帰結ではありますが、でも、これって既に
OOP でもなんでもないですよね？ 前橋さんが なぜオブ本を見て上記記事を書いた訳じゃないのですが、多分 なぜオブ本を読んで飲み込んじゃった人は、前橋さんの記事に納得しちゃうんです。 一見正しそうにみえていながらゆがんでいる説明を土台に、そこから思考を進めるとカオティクに歪みが拡大していくという、だから「読むべきじゃない」本かな〜、と。
* * *
余談ですが、OOP におけるクラスは、 オブジェクトの処理の移譲先 ＆ オブジェクトのファクト リ
型 と捉えるべきだと思います。そういうことが出来る道具か否かは別として、少なくともOOPの理解において、クラスを「変数とサブルーチンをまとめたもの」と捉えるのは
あまり美味しくありません*2。あー、でもクラスそのものの構造のメタファとしては捨てがたいのはわかるのです（が私は害のほうが大きいとおもうけれど、微妙）。どうしたもんかしら。
アプロー チ2 この本のゆがんだところは なにも独創的なものではなくって*3、よく目にする説明です。先ほど引用させていただいた
前橋さんのドキュメントと、本書は、とてもよく似た香りがしますが、それはこの手の間違いがとても巷にあふれているためで、それ以上の関連はないです（多分）
この手の本の問題点として本質的なところは、OOPL の機能とか、OO関連技術とかは説明するのですが、肝心の、OOP
によって作られたプログラムがどの様な姿をしているかを、イメージがつきやすい形で書いてくれていないことだと私は思います。
「どんな感じになるの？」というイメージもつかめずに、ただひたすら構成要素を積み上げていけば自動的に目的地に到達できる・・なぁんてことは出来るはずもなく、道からそれても気がつかずに明後日の旅路へついてしまいます。
さて、案の定というべきか、本書で枕として紹介されている「構造化プログラミング」についても同じように間違えています。こちらの方がOOPよりも小さいボリュームで説明できそうなので、これをモデルケースに
この本のおかしさの説明を試みます。
* * *
基本的な考え方は 「 正しく動作するプログラムを作成するためには、わかりやすい構造にすることが重要である」というものです。
具体的な方法として、プログラムを解りづらくしている元凶であるGOTO文を廃止して、ロジックを順次進行、条件分岐、繰り返しの3つの構造だけで表現することを提唱しました。
前半はよさそうですが、後半は・・・ちっがーう！
GOTO文があるからプログラムが解りにくいんじゃないです。だからGOTO文を排除しただけで(3大制御構造のみで記述しただけで）プログラムがわかりやすくなるんじゃないです。
GOTO文を廃止し、三大制御構造だけで制御フローを記述するのはなぜかというと、それはアルゴリズムを切り出して部品化を行う為です。GOTO文は飛び元と飛び先を含む部分を丸ごと一塊として扱う以外に手はありませんが、連接(concatenation )、選択( selection ) 、繰り返し( repetition ) は、入り口が一つに 出口が一つの構造なので、切り出しが容易です。
ダイクストラさん曰く、 「 良いプログラムとは正しく動くだけでなく、
正しく動いていることが容易に解るプログラム。」であるわけで、一方でテストで正しさを証明するのは原理的に難しいため、コードの可読性を上げて「正しく動いていることが容易にわかる」ようにしようというのが、構造化プログラミングの動機になります。
そんなわけですので、理想はコードをパパっとみればササッと正しく動くこと（あるいはバグがあること）が解るようなプログラムですが、しかしそれを実現するためにネックがあります。それは人間の能力不足です。具体的には規模への脆弱性で、人はただ数が多いだけで何がなんだかよくわからなくなってしまうのです。
だからプログラムの「難しさ」が同じ程度でも「規模」が大きくなるだけで、
とたんに人間の管理能力の限界を超えてしまい、プログラムを読んでも
「 正しく動くこと」を理解できなく成ってしまいます。
そんなヘタレ人類に残された最後の(?)武器が抽象化です。抽象化することで見かけの規模を減らすことが出来るため、この技を使えば
人間の理解の脆弱性を補うことが出来ます。（なのでプログラミングに限らず、日常生活でも我々は抽象化をつかいます）
構造化プログラミングはソフトウェアの抽象化技法です。プログラムに段階的詳細化する構造を持たせ、ある階層からみればその下の詳細は抽象化されるため、規模の問題を回避できるのです。
構造化プログラミングを使って作成された
プログラムは、丁度技術書のような章や項で構造化されたドキュメントとよく似た姿に描かれます。この構造の箱として「関数」がつかわれ、そしてそれらの箱の中を十分に小さい規模に保つことで、人間が簡単にプログラムの正しさを読み取ることができるようになるわけです。（関数の中身は小さくしろ、というのはこういう訳）
だから、十分に小さい箱の中であれば、別に goto文を使おうが、構造化プログラミング的には無問題です(だからC のは 箱の中にしか飛べない制約が掛かった goto文でしょ？ ) 。途中リターンも同様です。
* * *
可読性を上げることでプログラムの品質を上げるというアプローチは、ソフトウェア工学の基本であり、OOP
もこの基礎の上に立脚しています。そして、OOPも 構造化プログラミングと同じ ソフトウェアの抽象化技法です。 じゃあ、OOPと構造化プログラミングって何が違うの？、ですが、乱暴に言って以下の二つになります。
構造化につかう箱が違う(関数→オブジェクト)
部品のつなぎ方が段階的詳細化じゃない OOP に使う 「 箱」 は、Simula が ( OOP とは無関係に ) 発明した 「 オブジェクト」（と「クラス」）です。これらの箱を用いて 責務分散協調系 としてプログラムを描くのがオブジェクト指向プログラミングです。
オブジェクトは小さな完結したコンピュータ。一つ一つのオブジェクトは
小さな責務をもっていて、プログラムが何か機能を果たすときには、これらオブジェクトが自身の小さな責任を果たしつつ協調し、系全体でその責務を果たします。（これらをケイは
細胞と組織に喩えました。）
まー、よーするに、ただまとめただけじゃいかんのです。抽象化せにゃな〜。（と格好良く往ってみるテスト）
Being an Evil Overlord seems to be a good career choice .
It pays well , there are all sorts of perks and you can set your own hours .
However every Evil Overlord
I 've read about in books or seen in movies invariably gets overthrown and destroyed in the end .
I 've noticed that no matter whether they are barbarian lords , deranged wizards , mad scientists or alien invaders , they always seem to make the same basic mistakes every single time .
With that in mind , allow me to present ...
The Top 100 Things I'd Do
If I Ever Became An Evil Overlord
My Legions of Terror will have helmets with clear plexiglass visors , not face - concealing ones .
My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through .
My noble half - brother whose throne I usurped will be killed , not kept anonymously imprisoned in a forgotten cell of my dungeon .
Shooting is not too good for my enemies .
The artifact which is the source of my power will not be kept on the Mountain of Despair beyond the River of Fire guarded by the Dragons of Eternity .
It will be in my safe - deposit box .
The same applies to the object which is my one weakness .
I will not gloat over my enemies ' predicament before killing them .
When I 've captured my adversary and he says , " Look , before you kill me , will you at least tell me what this is all about ? "
I 'll say , " No. " and shoot him .
No , on second thought I 'll shoot him then say " No . "
After I kidnap the beautiful princess , we will be married immediately in a quiet civil ceremony , not a lavish spectacle in three weeks ' time during which the final phase of my plan will be carried out .
I will not include a self - destruct mechanism unless absolutely necessary .
If it is necessary , it will not be a large red button labelled " Danger : Do Not Push " .
The big red button marked " Do Not Push " will instead trigger a spray of bullets on anyone stupid enough to disregard it .
Similarly , the ON / OFF switch will not clearly be labelled as such .
I will not interrogate my enemies in the inner sanctum -- a small hotel well outside my borders will work just as well .
I will be secure in my superiority .
Therefore , I will feel no need to prove it by leaving clues in the form of riddles or leaving my weaker enemies alive to show they pose no threat .
One of my advisors will be an average five - year - old child .
Any flaws in my plan that he is able to spot will be corrected before implementation .
All slain enemies will be cremated , or at least have several rounds of ammunition emptied into them , not left for dead at the bottom of the cliff .
The announcement of their deaths , as well as any accompanying celebration , will be deferred until after the aforementioned disposal .
The hero is not entitled to a last kiss , a last cigarette , or any other form of last request .
I will never employ any device with a digital countdown .
If I find that such a device is absolutely unavoidable , I will set it to activate when the counter reaches 117 and the hero is just putting his plan into operation .
I will never utter the sentence " But before I kill you , there 's just one thing I want to know . "
When I employ people as advisors , I will occasionally listen to their advice .
I will not have a son .
Although his laughably under - planned attempt to usurp power would easily fail , it would provide a fatal distraction at a crucial point in time .
I will not have a daughter .
She would be as beautiful as she was evil , but one look at the hero 's rugged countenance and she 'd betray her own father .
Despite its proven stress - relieving effect , I will not indulge in maniacal laughter .
When so occupied , it 's too easy to miss unexpected developments that a more attentive individual could adjust to accordingly .
I will hire a talented fashion designer to create original uniforms for my Legions of Terror , as opposed to some cheap knock - offs that make them look like Nazi stormtroopers , Roman footsoldiers , or savage Mongol hordes .
All were eventually defeated and I want my troops to have a more positive mind - set .
No matter how tempted I am with the prospect of unlimited power , I will not consume any energy field bigger than my head .
I will keep a special cache of low - tech weapons and train my troops in their use .
That way -- even if the heroes manage to neutralize my power generator and / or render the standard - issue energy weapons useless -- my troops will not be overrun by a handful of savages armed with spears and rocks .
I will maintain a realistic assessment of my strengths and weaknesses .
Even though this takes some of the fun out of the job , at least I will never utter the line " No , this can not be !
I AM INVINCIBLE !!! "
( After that , death is usually instantaneous . )
No matter how well it would perform , I will never construct any sort of machinery which is completely indestructible except for one small and virtually inaccessible vulnerable spot .
No matter how attractive certain members of the rebellion are , there is probably someone just as attractive who is not desperate to kill me .
Therefore , I will think twice before ordering a prisoner sent to my bedchamber .
I will never build only one of anything important .
All important systems will have redundant control panels and power supplies .
For the same reason I will always carry at least two fully loaded weapons at all times .
My pet monster will be kept in a secure cage from which it cannot escape and into which I could not accidentally stumble .
I will dress in bright and cheery colors , and so throw my enemies into confusion .
All bumbling conjurers , clumsy squires , no - talent bards , and cowardly thieves in the land will be preemptively put to death .
My foes will surely give up and abandon their quest if they have no source of comic relief .
All naive , busty tavern wenches in my realm will be replaced with surly , world - weary waitresses who will provide no unexpected reinforcement and / or romantic subplot for the hero or his sidekick .
I will not fly into a rage and kill a messenger who brings me bad news just to illustrate how evil I really am .
Good messengers are hard to come by .
I wo n't require high - ranking female members of my organization to wear a stainless - steel bustier .
Morale is better with a more casual dress - code .
Similarly , outfits made entirely from black leather will be reserved for formal occasions .
I will not turn into a snake .
It never helps .
I will not grow a goatee .
In the old days they made you look diabolic .
Now they just make you look like a disaffected member of Generation X . I will not imprison members of the same party in the same cell block , let alone the same cell .
If they are important prisoners , I will keep the only key to the cell door on my person instead of handing out copies to every bottom - rung guard in the prison .
If my trusted lieutenant tells me my Legions of Terror are losing a battle , I will believe him .
After all , he 's my trusted lieutenant .
If an enemy I have just killed has a younger sibling or offspring anywhere , I will find them and have them killed immediately , instead of waiting for them to grow up harboring feelings of vengeance towards me in my old age .
If I absolutely must ride into battle , I will certainly not ride at the forefront of my Legions of Terror , nor will I seek out my opposite number among his army .
I will be neither chivalrous nor sporting .
If I have an unstoppable superweapon , I will use it as early and as often as possible instead of keeping it in reserve .
Once my power is secure , I will destroy all those pesky time - travel devices .
When I capture the hero , I will make sure I also get his dog , monkey , ferret , or whatever sickeningly cute little animal capable of untying ropes and filching keys happens to follow him around .
I will maintain a healthy amount of skepticism when I capture the beautiful rebel and she claims she is attracted to my power and good looks and will gladly betray her companions if I just let her in on my plans .
I will only employ bounty hunters who work for money .
Those who work for the pleasure of the hunt tend to do dumb things like even the odds to give the other guy a sporting chance .
I will make sure I have a clear understanding of who is responsible for what in my organization .
For example , if my general screws up I will not draw my weapon , point it at him , say " And here is the price for failure , " then suddenly turn and kill some random underling .
If an advisor says to me " My liege , he is but one man .
What can one man possibly do ? " , I will reply " This . " and kill the advisor .
If I learn that a callow youth has begun a quest to destroy me , I will slay him while he is still a callow youth instead of waiting for him to mature .
I will treat any beast which I control through magic or technology with respect and kindness .
Thus if the control is ever broken , it will not immediately come after me for revenge .
If I learn the whereabouts of the one artifact which can destroy me , I will not send all my troops out to seize it .
Instead I will send them out to seize something else and quietly put a Want - Ad in the local paper .
My main computers will have their own special operating system that will be completely incompatible with standard IBM and Macintosh powerbooks .
If one of my dungeon guards begins expressing concern over the conditions in the beautiful princess ' cell , I will immediately transfer him to a less people - oriented position .
I will hire a team of board - certified architects and surveyors to examine my castle and inform me of any secret passages and abandoned tunnels that I might not know about .
If the beautiful princess that I capture says " I 'll never marry you !
Never , do you hear me , NEVER !!! " , I will say " Oh well " and kill her .
I will not strike a bargain with a demonic being then attempt to double - cross it simply because I feel like being contrary .
The deformed mutants and odd - ball psychotics will have their place in my Legions of Terror .
However before I send them out on important covert missions that require tact and subtlety , I will first see if there is anyone else equally qualified who would attract less attention .
My Legions of Terror will be trained in basic marksmanship .
Any who cannot learn to hit a man -sized target at 10 meters will be used for target practice .
Before employing any captured artifacts or machinery , I will carefully read the owner 's manual .
If it becomes necessary to escape , I will never stop to pose dramatically and toss off a one - liner .
I will never build a sentient computer smarter than I am .
My five - year - old child advisor will also be asked to decipher any code I am thinking of using .
If he breaks the code in under 30 seconds , it will not be used .
Note : this also applies to passwords .
If my advisors ask " Why are you risking everything on such a mad scheme ? " , I will not proceed until I have a response that satisfies them .
I will design fortress hallways with no alcoves or protruding structural supports which intruders could use for cover in a firefight .
Bulk trash will be disposed of in incinerators , not compactors .
And they will be kept hot , with none of that nonsense about flames going through accessible tunnels at predictable intervals .
I will see a competent psychiatrist and get cured of all extremely unusual phobias and bizarre compulsive habits which could prove to be a disadvantage .
If I must have computer systems with publically available terminals , the maps they display of my complex will have a room clearly marked as the Main Control Room .
That room will be the Execution Chamber .
The actual main control room will be marked as Sewage Overflow Containment .
My security keypad will actually be a fingerprint scanner .
Anyone who watches someone press a sequence of buttons or dusts the pad for fingerprints then subsequently tries to enter by repeating that sequence will trigger the alarm system .
No matter how many shorts we have in the system , my guards will be instructed to treat every surveillance camera malfunction as a full - scale emergency .
I will spare someone who saved my life sometime in the past .
This is only reasonable as it encourages others to do so .
However , the offer is good one time only .
If they want me to spare them again , they 'd better save my life again .
All midwives will be banned from the realm .
All babies will be delivered at state - approved hospitals .
Orphans will be placed in foster - homes , not abandoned in the woods to be raised by creatures of the wild .
When my guards split up to search for intruders , they will always travel in groups of at least two .
They will be trained so that if one of them disappears mysteriously while on patrol , the other will immediately initiate an alert and call for backup , instead of quizzically peering around a corner .
If I decide to test a lieutenant 's loyalty and see if he / she should be made a trusted lieutenant , I will have a crack squad of marksmen standing by in case the answer is no .
If all the heroes are standing together around a strange device and begin to taunt me , I will pull out a conventional weapon instead of using my unstoppable superweapon on them .
I will not agree to let the heroes go free if they win a rigged contest , even though my advisors assure me it is impossible for them to win .
When I create a multimedia presentation of my plan designed so that my five - year - old advisor can easily understand the details , I will not label the disk " Project Overlord " and leave it lying on top of my desk .
I will instruct my Legions of Terror to attack the hero en masse , instead of standing around waiting while members break off and attack one or two at a time .
If the hero runs up to my roof , I will not run up after him and struggle with him in an attempt to push him over the edge .
I will also not engage him at the edge of a cliff .
( In the middle of a rope - bridge over a river of molten lava is not even worth considering . )
If I have a fit of temporary insanity and decide to give the hero the chance to reject a job as my trusted lieutentant , I will retain enough sanity to wait until my current trusted lieutenant is out of earshot before making the offer .
I will not tell my Legions of Terror " And he must be taken alive ! "
The command will be " And try to take him alive if it is reasonably practical . "
If my doomsday device happens to come with a reverse switch , as soon as it has been employed it will be melted down and made into limited - edition commemorative coins .
If my weakest troops fail to eliminate a hero , I will send out my best troops instead of wasting time with progressively stronger ones as he gets closer and closer to my fortress .
If I am fighting with the hero atop a moving platform , have disarmed him , and am about to finish him off and he glances behind me and drops flat , I too will drop flat instead of quizzically turning around to find out what he saw .
I will not shoot at any of my enemies if they are standing in front of the crucial support beam to a heavy , dangerous , unbalanced structure .
If I 'm eating dinner with the hero , put poison in his goblet , then have to leave the table for any reason , I will order new drinks for both of us instead of trying to decide whether or not to switch with him .
I will not have captives of one sex guarded by members of the opposite sex .
I will not use any plan in which the final step is horribly complicated , e.g .
" Align the 12 Stones of Power on the sacred altar then activate the medallion at the moment of total eclipse . "
Instead it will be more along the lines of " Push the button . "
I will make sure that my doomsday device is up to code and properly grounded .
My vats of hazardous chemicals will be covered when not in use .
Also , I will not construct walkways above them .
If a group of henchmen fail miserably at a task , I will not berate them for incompetence then send the same group out to try the task again .
After I captures the hero 's superweapon , I will not immediately disband my legions and relax my guard because I believe whoever holds the weapon is unstoppable .
After all , the hero held the weapon and I took it from him .
I will not design my Main Control Room so that every workstation is facing away from the door .
I will not ignore the messenger that stumbles in exhausted and obviously agitated until my personal grooming or current entertainment is finished .
It might actually be important .
If I ever talk to the hero on the phone , I will not taunt him .
Instead I will say this his dogged perseverance has given me new insight on the futility of my evil ways and that if he leaves me alone for a few months of quiet contemplation I will likely return to the path of righteousness .
( Heroes are incredibly gullible in this regard . )
If I decide to hold a double execution of the hero and an underling who failed or betrayed me , I will see to it that the hero is scheduled to go first .
When arresting prisoners , my guards will not allow them to stop and grab a useless trinket of purely sentimental value .
My dungeon will have its own qualified medical staff complete with bodyguards .
That way if a prisoner becomes sick and his cellmate tells the guard it's an emergency , the guard will fetch a trauma team instead of opening up the cell for a look .
My door mechanisms will be designed so that blasting the control panel on the outside seals the door and blasting the control panel on the inside opens the door , not vice versa .
My dungeon cells will not be furnished with objects that contain reflective surfaces or anything that can be unravelled .
If an attractive young couple enters my realm , I will carefully monitor their activities .
If I find they are happy and affectionate , I will ignore them .
However if circumstance have forced them together against their will and they spend all their time bickering and criticizing each other except during the intermittent occasions when they are saving each others ' lives at which point there are hints of sexual tension , I will immediately order their execution .
Any data file of crucial importance will be padded to 1.45 Mb in size .
Finally , to keep my subjects permanently locked in a mindless trance , I will provide each of them with free unlimited Internet access .
Of course , these are merely the Top 100 Things I 'd do .
Other suggestions have been sent to me which did n't quite make the Top 100 List .
But they are still so good that I could n't bear to throw them out .
Therefore , as an expression of gratitude , I have tossed them into ... The Dungeon .
If you have any other tidbits of advice that you would like to contribute to this list -- you 're too late !
The list is full .
However there is still plenty of room left in The Dungeon .
Feel free to e-mail me with your advice or visit the Evil Overlord Homepage at http://world.std.com/~olorin/peter_overlord.html.
( Suggestion may be summarily rejected or edited without your permission .
What do you expect from an EVIL Overlord ? )
I wish to thank the following contributors to this list who , if I ever happen to become an Evil Overlord , will be named as lieutenants -- but not trusted lieutenants -- in my Legions of Terror :
Peter Ashen < pash@netspace.net.au >
Vance Atkins < glacier@nwlink.com >
David Borcherding < lestat@one.net >
Ian Bell < ibell@cix.compulink.co.uk >
Devon Black < magedoug@isu.edu >
Bill Campbell < bcamp23@airmail.net >
Torgeir Christiansen < torgeir.christiansen@fys.uio.no >
Paul Dietrich < paulmd@efn.org >
Mario Di Giacomo < mdg@ids.net >
Chris Dunham < chameleo@ebtech.net >
Jon Fowlkes < jon@ahcg.com >
Tony Gowland < ag120@york.ac.uk >
James Grannon < JGRANNON@mail.starledger.com >
Ward Griffiths < gram@cnct.com >
Dave Harper < dharper@mustang.uwo.ca >
Paul J. Henry < clyde@moose.org >
Julie Helmer < AnnieKey@aol.com >
Greg Huffman < huffmang@gsg.eds.com >
Lynn Irwin < jalyn@nanosecond.com >
Curtis M Johnson < Curtis_M_Johnson@celcorp.com >
Noah Johnson < streak@well.com >
Ramin Kamal < ramin@sidefx.com >
Edmund Kao < kao@cems.umn.edu >
SEK < SKemp@formmaker.com >
Terran Lane < terran@ecn.purdue.edu >
Bill Lee < bill_lee@qmgate.corp.apple.com >
Michael Lorton < mlorton@microsoft.com >
Mike Marano < profmike@dnai.com >
Christy Marx < moonfire@cybergate.com >
Andy Mcdermott < andymc@paragon.co.uk >
David Mcelfresh < dmcelfre+@pitt.edu >
Angus McIntyre < angus@pobox.com >
Kevin Meehan < kaliban@ix.netcom.com >
Meteor < sirius@fl.net.au >
Pete Meyers ( Wasser ) < a-petem@microsoft.com >
Mark Minisi < ccs473@webspan.net >
Eric Minton < minton@planet.earthcom.net >
Jesse Mundis < jesse@Internex.NET >
CL Murphy < CL@ncgwpc.syntellect.com >
Mark Musante < olorin@world.std.com >
Sunil Narayan < anarayan@tpts1.seed.net.tw >
Francesco Nicoletti < francesco.nicoletti@tafensw.edu.au >
Daniel Palivec < XPALIVEC@rtime.felk.cvut.cz >
Joel Polowin < JoelP@agiss.com >
Zed Rational < zedrational@geocities.com >
Peter Scott Rogers < psrogers@owlnet.rice.edu >
Lisa Rose < rosita@igc.apc.org >
Sara < Ommonkey@aol.com >
Yuri Schimke < yuri@zip.com.au >
Lucas Schofield < lschofie@eagle.wbm.ca >
Kathryn R. Smith < s898@hopi.dtcc.edu >
John & Donna Spert < jjs@io.com >
L. J. Tomsho < Caducom@ix.netcom.com >
Taldin the Blue Unicorn < taldin@netcom.com >
Jae Walker < walkerj@pilot.msu.edu >
Monika Weikel < weikel@rohan.sdsu.edu >
Justin Wiley < juwiley@vt.edu >
Bill Woods < wwoods@ix.netcom.com >
baldycotton@mindspring.com
g.kenter@genie.com
miles@kurland.com
rsledge@spry.com
tjeerd@xs4all.nl
I would also like to proclaim " Hercules " , " Xena " , " Sinbad " , " Tarzan " " Robin Hood " , and " Conan " to be the Official Television Shows of the Evil Overlord List .
Their repeated efforts to illustrate why Evil Overlords need such a list serve as examples to us all .
Three days after Francis M. Hernandez drove into Patricia Guntharp ’s pickup , killing her and two others , Guntharp ’s family wanted to know why a man with 16 arrests in five years was n’t already behind bars .
“ Our system is messed up .
It is mind - blowing .
You mean to tell me that this guy was still out on the street ? ” asked Richard Allen Gagne , 32 , Patricia Guntharp ’s son .
Hernandez ’s record includes forgery , assault , theft , fraud and driving under restraint .
He was arrested in a July traffic stop and charged with resisting police and other offenses .
Immigration officials believe Hernandez is not a U.S. citizen and could be “ deportable , ” Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Carl Rusnok said Sunday .
ICE first became aware of Hernandez , whose Colorado Bureau of Investigation records show 11 aliases and several places and dates of birth , after he was arrested Thursday , Rusnok said .
ICE has placed a hold on him , and he will be transferred to federal custody if he is released from jail .
“ Why in the world do they allow somebody to stay on the road when they could have done something about that ? ” asked Robert Guntharp , 56 , Patricia Guntharp ’s husband .
Police say that Thursday , Hernandez , who was driving without a license , slammed his sport utility vehicle into Patricia Guntharp ’s Mazda pickup on South Havana Street in Aurora .
The collision sent her vehicle careening into a Baskin - Robbins , where Marten Kudlis , 3 , was ready to have some ice cream .
Marten ; Guntharp , 49 , of Centennial ; and her best friend and passenger in the truck , Debra Serecky , 51 , of Aurora , died .
A man who identified himself as one of Serecky ’s sons declined to comment on the accident Sunday .
A spokesman for the Kudlis family did n’t return a call asking for a family comment .
Patricia Guntharp and Serecky were inseparable friends , “ like peanut butter and jelly , ” said Robert Guntharp .
The women met a dozen years ago when they were neighbors .
Both had grown sons and grandchildren .
And both loved the frozen custard served at Good Times fast - food restaurants .
On the night they died , Patricia Guntharp had picked up Serecky , who was on a lunch break from the supermarket where she worked .
They were turning into a driveway leading to the South Havana Good Times when a blue Chevy Suburban that had been driving erratically smashed into their white pickup .
“ She told me she would be out there about an hour , ” Robert Guntharp said .
“ The hours passed , and I called on her cellphone and I was n’t getting any answers .
Then I saw lights out there , and I thought , ‘ Jeesh , it ’s about time . ’ ”
He looked out the window and saw police walking toward his house .
“ I am still hoping it is a bad dream , but it is not a dream ; it ’s reality , ” Guntharp said .
Patricia Guntharp , whose two small granddaughters called her “ Care Bear , ” broke her back in an auto accident about five years ago .
Since then , she had gone through surgery and was scheduled to have another operation in the next few weeks .
Recently , doctors found a growth on her lungs .
But , her husband , said : “ If she was sad and depressed , she never let us know about it . ”
Tom McGhee : 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com
To work in IT you have to have a tech background , right ?
Nope .
With the right set of management skills , even a nontechnical person can make it as a successful manager .
Sure , it helps to understand the bits and - bytes of each employee 's area of expertise .
If nothing else , it means the manager can appreciate what the staff does right and recognize weaknesses .
But how can managers accurately evaluate team performance or assign tasks when they know little or nothing about what the individual does ?
According to some technical employees , the answer is communication .
Making the Case for Tech Skills
That 's not to say you can be a bozo about the area you 're responsible for .
People sometimes assume that a good manager can manage anyone .
However , a case can easily be made that tech managers should have at least a rudimentary idea of what their teams do .
To manage effectively , the manager needs to understand enough to allocate resources and to schedule reasonable time frames for project completion .
MORE ON CIO.com
The Technology and Business Skills Essential to Keeping Your IT Career Afloat
Tech Departments in 2010 : Hot Jobs , Cold Skills
Why Leaders Need People Skills
30 Skills Every IT Person Needs
" A manager that knows less than the managed loses the respect of the team , unless ( s ) he is a really good professional that knows what to ask for , how to delegate , and can be supportive , " says a developer named Victor . "
See Dilbert . "
That lack of respect frustrates employees , say tech staff members .
It translates to miscommunication that negatively impacts productivity and the user experience across the business .
" The untechnical management I 've had just was n't as effective in getting things done , " says Donna MacLeod , a systems analyst at a medical diagnostic company .
" The lack of understanding for technical matters meant that a lot of projects which really , really needed funding never took off because there was no one both technical enough and business - savvy enough to sell it to the board .
We were constantly lacking funding even though we were literally running ancient machines which were the backbone of the business and patching together those boxes with parts ordered off of eBay — and this was a nationwide business , not some mom-and - pop shop . "
While technical competency in the department 's area of expertise is an obvious asset , being tech - savvy does n't mean a manager has to be able to do the actual work step by step .
Rather , an overall understanding of the technologies being used to meet business needs and how that ties into projects and department responsibilities is key .
" A technical manager should know enough to understand what the technologies we use do , to be able to participate intelligently in meetings , " says Jeanne Steinback , a software project manager for Redbox , a provider of automated DVD rental kiosks .
She elaborates : " ... where we are in the lifecycle of a technology , beta , new , used and ancient , just to be able to make sure we do n't stray too far onto the bleeding edge or the technical graveyard . "
Michael Roth , an IT manager with Complete Production Services , a provider of oil - field services , adds that a tech manager does n't need to be capable of doing every job within the IT department ; however , the person " should be savvy enough not to be snowed in any area . "
Alex , a software quality - assurance analyst , adds , " A manager does n't have to know how to write code as long as he understands the methodology , processes and terminology around it as that 's sufficient for the manager to support it throughout the organization . "
People Skills Trump Tech Know - How
Yes , technical skills are important , and to be a successful manager , you should have at least a clue what your department is about .
But when looking at a manager 's skill set , employees say basic people skills are much more important than being technically savvy .
" The principal role of a technical manager is to be able to manage people and the skill you need to do that is good communication , " says Pete Nairn , a test manager at a large IT solutions company in Europe , in another post to the Software QA forum .
Tom Jorgenson , a software architect at Tom Jorgenson Consulting , which provides C# development and architecture services , adds that trusting the technical competence of those being managed is critical .
One of his favorite managers managed a joint team of software architects and Oracle database analysts .
" He knew little about what we software architects did , so he simply said , ' Go fix the problem / design / whatever .
Make me look good .
Do n't tell me about it . '
The team was very successful . "
Specifically , the four top skills cited for good managers — not just tech managers — include :
Communication .
Managers need listening skills and the ability to work successfully with other departments .
Trust / Respect .
Specifically , tech managers must respect the skills that employees bring to the table and trust them to do assigned tasks .
Set and manage expectations .
Help staffers prioritize projects and generally manage the competition for resources .
Support .
Advocate for their team .
Represent the team interests to upper management , schedule realistic deadlines and obtain necessary resources .
While these skills may seem pretty straightforward , the combination would be a godsend — and employees know it .
" I think I am looking for a superhero manager , " says Bonnie , a software developer ; " A good manager needs to understand the role of our software in the organization , understand the technical underpinnings in order to develop an overall vision of where we are going — and also needs to be able to communicate with the higher - ups .
That is a pretty tall order . "
It 's All About Expectations
Tall order it may be , but let 's push this notion a bit further .
In a service industry like IT , demands on staff are high .
A good boss must know how to juggle the load to get things done without killing the staff to do it .
Bob Murphy , a senior software engineer at ACCESS Systems Americas , adds that a tech manager needs to be :
Tech - savvy enough to know what 's realistic and what 's not , and powerful or gutsy enough to protect his staff from unrealistic demands .
People - savvy enough to know who needs close managing and who can be given an assignment and cut loose .
Able to help staff understand and meet the client 's needs , and network with people who can help them get the job done , both within and outside the company .
Hell , Do We Need Managers ?
In these days of hectic work schedules and increasingly more responsibility , it seems many employees feel that managers are n't there to manage them but rather to eliminate obstacles to getting the job done .
A manager who can do that will be rewarded with grateful , productive employees .
" If my supervisor needs to manage me , then s/he needs to fire me , " says Gary Brown , extreme programming coach for Carfax .
" I depend on my manager to be politically savvy , to understand technical issues at the been - there - done - that level and to remove barriers to progress . "
Frustration when dealing with other departments is often a point where a good manager can help smooth the way and eliminate problems .
Ken Boucher , a former Smalltalk developer for First Data Corporation , a provider of electronic commerce and payment processing services , writes in the Extreme Programming discussion list , " I 'm confused .
I thought my manager 's job was to manage issues , not me .
I need a manager when there 's co-ordination with another department that requires intervention or when it 's unproductive to have me do it . "
" For example , " he adds , " I need a manager to handle all that HR stuff or find out why the DB2 department can't run a simple table creation without six weeks advance notice .
I need a manager who can explain to the Six Sigma folks what we do in their language and why it is n't what they seem to think we do .
I do n't need a manager to manage me .
I need one to manage them . "
A guide to the best practice for creating a new Haskell project or program .
Almost all new Haskell projects use the following tools .
Each is intrinsically useful , but using a set of common tools also benefits everyone by increasing productivity , and you 're more likely to get patches .
Revision control [ edit ]
Use darcs , unless you have a specific reason not to , in which case use git .
If you do n't like git , go back and look at darcs .
It 's written in Haskell , and it 's used by many Haskell developers .
See the wikibook Understanding darcs to get started .
Build system [ edit ]
Use Cabal .
You should read at least the start of section 2 of the Cabal User 's Guide .
Documentation [ edit ]
For libraries , use Haddock .
We recommend using recent versions of haddock ( 2.8 or above , as of December 2010 ) .
Testing [ edit ]
Pure code can be tested using QuickCheck or SmallCheck , impure code with HUnit .
To get started , try Haskell / Testing .
For a slightly more advanced introduction , Simple Unit Testing in Haskell is a blog article about creating a testing framework for QuickCheck using some Template Haskell .
Structure of a simple project [ edit ]
The basic structure of a new Haskell project can be adopted from HNop , the minimal Haskell project .
It consists of the following files , for the mythical project " haq " .
Haq.hs -- the main haskell source file
haq.cabal -- the cabal build description
Setup.hs -- build script itself
_darcs or .git -- revision control
README -- info
LICENSE -- license
You can of course elaborate on this , with subdirectories and multiple modules .
Here is a transcript on how you 'd create a minimal darcs - using and cabalised Haskell project , for the cool new Haskell program " haq " , build it , install it and release .
The command tool ' cabal init ' automates all this for you , but it 's important that you understand all the parts first .
We will now walk through the creation of the infrastructure for a simple Haskell executable .
Advice for libraries follows after .
Create a directory [ edit ]
Create somewhere for the source :
$ mkdir haq $ cd haq
Write some Haskell source [ edit ]
Write your program :
$ cat > Haq.hs -- -- Copyright ( c ) 2006 Don Stewart - http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~dons -- GPL version 2 or later ( see http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html) -- import System .
Environment -- ' main ' runs the main program main :: IO ( ) main = getArgs >>= print .
haqify .
head haqify s = " Haq ! " ++ s
Stick it in darcs [ edit ]
Place the source under revision control :
$ darcs init $ darcs add Haq.hs $ darcs record addfile ./ Haq.hs Shall I record this change ?
( 1/? ) [ ynWsfqadjkc ] , or ? for help : y hunk ./ Haq.hs 1 +-- +-- Copyright ( c ) 2006 Don Stewart - http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~dons
+-- GPL version 2 or later ( see http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)
+-- +import System .
Environment + +-- | ' main ' runs the main program +main :: IO ( ) +main = getArgs >>= print .
haqify .
head + +haqify s = " Haq ! " ++ s Shall I record this change ?
( 2/? ) [ ynWsfqadjkc ] , or ? for help : y
What is the patch name ?
Import haq source
Do you want to add a long comment ?
[ yn ] n
Finished recording patch ' Import haq source '
And we can see that darcs is now running the show :
$ ls Haq.hs _darcs
For git :
$ git config -- global user.name " John Doe " $ git config -- global user.email johndoe@example.com $ git init $ git add * $ git commit -m ' Import haq source ' $ ls - A .git Haq.hs
Add a build system [ edit ]
Create a .cabal file describing how to build your project :
$ cat > haq.cabal Name : haq Version : 0.0 Synopsis : Super cool mega lambdas Description :
My super cool , indeed , even mega lambdas will demonstrate a basic project .
You will marvel .
License : GPL License - file : LICENSE Author : Don Stewart Maintainer : Don Stewart < dons@cse.unsw.edu.au >
Build - Depends : base Executable : haq Main - is : Haq.hs
( If your package uses other packages , e.g. array , you 'll need to add them to the Build - Depends : field . )
Add a Setup.lhs that will actually do the building :
$ cat > Setup.lhs #!
/usr/bin/env runhaskell > import Distribution .
Simple > main = defaultMain
Cabal allows either Setup.hs or Setup.lhs ; as long as the format is appropriate , it does n't matter which one you choose .
But it 's a good idea to always include the #!
/usr / bin/env runhaskell line ; because it follows the shebang convention , you could execute the Setup .hs directly in a Unix shell instead of always manually calling runhaskell ( assuming the Setup file is marked executable , of course ) .
Record your changes :
$ darcs add haq.cabal Setup.lhs $ darcs record -- all What is the patch name ?
Add a build system
Do you want to add a long comment ?
[ yn ] n
Finished recording patch ' Add a build system '
Git :
$ git add haq.cabal Setup.lhs $ git commit -m ' Add a build system '
Build your project [ edit ]
Now build it !
$ runhaskell Setup.lhs configure -- prefix=$HOME --user $ runhaskell Setup.lhs build $ runhaskell Setup.lhs install
Run it [ edit ]
And now you can run your cool project :
$ haq me " Haq ! me "
You can also run it in - place , avoiding the install phase :
$ dist / build / haq / haq you " Haq ! you "
Build some haddock documentation [ edit ]
Generate some API documentation into dist / doc /*
$ runhaskell Setup.lhs haddock
which generates files in dist / doc / including :
$ w3 m - dump dist/doc/html/haq/Main.html haq Contents Index Main Synopsis main :: IO () Documentation main :: IO ( ) main runs the main program Produced by Haddock version 0.7
No output ?
Make sure you have actually installed haddock .
It is a separate program , not something that comes with the Haskell compiler , like Cabal .
Add some automated testing : QuickCheck [ edit ]
We 'll use QuickCheck to specify a simple property of our Haq.hs code .
Create a tests module , Tests.hs , with some QuickCheck boilerplate :
$ cat > Tests.hs import Char import List import Test.
QuickCheck import Text .
Printf main = mapM_ ( \( s , a ) -> printf " %- 25s : " s >> a ) tests instance Arbitrary Char where arbitrary = choose ( ' \0 ' , ' \ 128 ' ) coarbitrary c = variant ( ord c `rem` 4 )
Now let 's write a simple property :
$ cat >>
Tests.hs -- reversing twice a finite list , is the same as identity prop_reversereverse s = ( reverse . reverse ) s == id s where _ = s :: [ Int ] -- and add this to the tests list tests = [ ( " reverse.reverse /id " , test prop_reversereverse ) ]
We can now run this test , and have QuickCheck generate the test data :
$ runhaskell Tests.hs reverse .
reverse/id : OK , passed 100 tests .
Let 's add a test for the ' haqify ' function :
-- Dropping the " Haq ! " string is the same as identity prop_haq s = drop ( length " Haq ! " ) ( haqify s ) == id s where haqify s = " Haq ! " ++ s tests = [ ( " reverse.reverse/id " , test prop_reversereverse ) , ( " drop.haq / id " , test prop_haq ) ]
and let 's test that :
$ runhaskell Tests.hs reverse .
reverse/id : OK , passed 100 tests .
drop.haq /id : OK , passed 100 tests .
Great !
Running the test suite from darcs [ edit ]
We can arrange for darcs to run the test suite on every commit :
$ darcs setpref test " runhaskell Tests.hs " Changing value of test from '' to ' runhaskell Tests.hs '
will run the full set of QuickChecks .
( If your test requires it you may need to ensure other things are built too e.g. : darcs setpref test " alex Tokens.x;happy Grammar.y;runhaskell Tests.hs " ) .
Let 's commit a new patch :
$ darcs add Tests.hs $ darcs record -- all What is the patch name ?
Add testsuite
Do you want to add a long comment ?
[ yn ]n
Running test ... reverse.
reverse/id : OK , passed 100 tests .
drop.haq/id : OK , passed 100 tests .
Test ran successfully .
Looks like a good patch .
Finished recording patch ' Add testsuite '
Excellent , now patches must pass the test suite before they can be committed .
Tag the stable version , create a tarball , and sell it ! [ edit ]
Tag the stable version :
$ darcs tag What is the version name ?
0.0 Finished tagging patch ' TAG 0.0 '
Advanced Darcs functionality : lazy get [ edit ]
As your repositories accumulate patches , new users can become annoyed at how long it takes to accomplish the initial darcs get .
( Some projects , like yi or GHC , can have thousands of patches . )
Darcs is quick enough , but downloading thousands of individual patches can still take a while .
Is n't there some way to make things more efficient ?
Darcs provides the - - lazy option to darcs get .
This enables to download only the latest version of the repository .
Patches are later downloaded on demand if needed .
Distribution [ edit ]
When distributing your Haskell program , you have roughly three options :
distributing via a Darcs repository distributing a tarball a Darcs tarball a Cabal tarball
With a Darcs repository , if it is public , then you are done .
However : perhaps you do n't have a server with Darcs , or perhaps your computer is n't set up for people to darcs pull from it .
In which case you 'll need to distribute the source via tarball .
Tarballs via darcs [ edit ]
Darcs provides a command where it will make a compressed tarball , and it will place a copy of all the files it manages into it .
( Note that nothing in _darcs will be included - it'll just be your source files , no revision history . )
$ darcs dist -d haq - 0.0 Created dist as haq -0.0.tar.gz
And you 're all set up !
Tarballs via Cabal [ edit ]
Since our code is cabalised , we can create a tarball with Cabal directly :
$ runhaskell Setup.lhs sdist Building source dist for haq - 0.0 ...
Source tarball created : dist / haq-0.0.tar.gz
This has advantages and disadvantages compared to a Darcs - produced tarball .
The primary advantage is that Cabal will do more checking of our repository , and more importantly , it'll ensure that the tarball has the structure needed by HackageDB and cabal - install .
However , it does have a disadvantage : it packages up only the files needed to build the project .
It will deliberately fail to include other files in the repository , even if they turn out to be necessary at some point [ 1 ] .
To include other files ( such as Test.hs in the above example ) , we need to add lines to the cabal file like :
extra-source - files : Tests.hs
If we had them , we could make sure files like AUTHORS or the README get included as well :
data - files : AUTHORS , README
Summary [ edit ]
The following files were created :
$ ls Haq.hs Tests.hs dist haq.cabal Setup.lhs _darcs haq -0.0.tar.gz
Libraries [ edit ]
The process for creating a Haskell library is almost identical .
The differences are as follows , for the hypothetical " ltree " library :
Hierarchical source [ edit ]
The source should live under a directory path that fits into the existing module layout guide .
So we would create the following directory structure , for the module Data .
LTree :
$ mkdir Data $ cat > Data / LTree.hs module Data .
LTree where
So our Data .
LTree module lives in Data / LTree.hs
The Cabal file [ edit ]
Cabal files for libraries list the publicly visible modules , and have no executable section :
$ cat ltree.cabal Name : ltree Version : 0.1 Description : Lambda tree implementation License : BSD3 License - file : LICENSE Author : Don Stewart Maintainer : dons@cse.unsw.edu.au Build - Depends : base Exposed - modules : Data .
LTree
We can thus build our library :
$ runhaskell Setup.lhs configure -- prefix=$HOME --user $ runhaskell Setup.lhs build Preprocessing library ltree - 0.1 ...
Building ltree - 0.1 ... [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling Data .
LTree ( Data / LTree.hs , dist/ build/Data/LTree.o ) /usr/bin/ar : creating dist / build/libHSltree-0.1.a
and our library has been created as a object archive .
On *nix systems , you should probably add the -- user flag to the configure step ( this means you want to update your local package database during installation ) .
Now install it :
$ runhaskell Setup.lhs install Installing : /home / dons/lib/ltree-0.1/ghc-6.6 & /home/dons /bin ltree -0.1 ... Registering ltree - 0.1 ...
Reading package info from " .installed - pkg - config " ... done .
Saving old package config file ... done .
Writing new package config file ... done .
And we 're done !
You can use your new library from , for example , ghci :
$ ghci - package ltree Prelude > :m + Data . LTree Prelude Data . LTree >
The new library is in scope , and ready to go .
More complex build systems [ edit ]
For larger projects it is useful to have source trees stored in subdirectories .
This can be done simply by creating a directory , for example , " src " , into which you will put your src tree .
To have Cabal find this code , you add the following line to your Cabal file :
hs - source - dirs : src
Cabal can set up to also run configure scripts , along with a range of other features .
For more information consult the Cabal documentation .
Internal modules [ edit ]
If your library uses internal modules that are not exposed , do not forget to list them in the other - modules field :
other - modules : My. Own .
Module
Failing to do so ( as of GHC 6.8.3 ) may lead to your library deceptively building without errors but actually being unusable from applications , which would fail at build time with a linker error .
Automation [ edit ]
cabal init [ edit ]
A package management tool for Haskell called cabal - install provides a command line tool to help developers create a simple cabal project .
Just run and answer all the questions .
Default values are provided for each .
$ cabal init Package name [ default " test " ] ?
Package version [ default " 0.1 " ] ?
Please choose a license : ...
mkcabal [ edit ]
mkcabal is a tool that existed before cabal init , which also automatically populates a new cabal project :
darcs get http://code.haskell.org/~dons/code/mkcabal
N.B . This tool does not work in Windows .
The Windows version of GHC does not include the readline package that this tool needs .
Usage is :
$ mkcabal Project name : haq
What license [ " GPL " , " LGPL " , " BSD3 " , " BSD4 " , " PublicDomain " , " AllRightsReserved " ] [ " BSD3 " ] :
What kind of project [ Executable , Library ] [ Executable ] :
Is this your name ? - " Don Stewart " [ Y/n ] :
Is this your email address ? - " < dons@cse.unsw.edu.au > " [ Y/n ] : Created Setup.lhs and haq.cabal $ ls Haq.hs LICENSE Setup.lhs _darcs dist haq.cabal
which will fill out some stub Cabal files for the project ' haq ' .
To create an entirely new project tree :
$ mkcabal -- init - project Project name : haq
What license [ " GPL " , " LGPL " , " BSD3 " , " BSD4 " , " PublicDomain " , " AllRightsReserved " ] [ " BSD3 " ] :
What kind of project [ Executable , Library ] [ Executable ] :
Is this your name ? - " Don Stewart " [ Y/n ] :
Is this your email address ? - " < dons@cse.unsw.edu.au > " [ Y/n ] : Created new project directory : haq $ cd haq $ ls Haq.hs LICENSE README Setup.lhs haq.cabal
Licenses [ edit ]
Code for the common base library package must be BSD licensed or something more Free / Open .
Otherwise , it is entirely up to you as the author .
Choose a licence ( inspired by this ) .
Check the licences of things you use , both other Haskell packages and C libraries , since these may impose conditions you must follow .
Use the same licence as related projects , where possible .
The Haskell community is split into 2 camps , roughly , those who release everything under BSD or public domain , and the GPL / LGPLers ( this split roughly mirrors the copyleft / noncopyleft divide in Free software communities ) .
Some Haskellers recommend specifically avoiding the LGPL , due to cross module optimisation issues .
Like many licensing questions , this advice is controversial .
Several Haskell projects ( wxHaskell , HaXml , etc. ) use the LGPL with an extra permissive clause to avoid the cross-module optimisation problem .
Releases [ edit ]
It 's important to release your code as stable , tagged tarballs .
Do n't just rely on darcs for distribution .
darcs dist generates tarballs directly from a darcs repository
For example :
$ cd fps $ ls Data LICENSE README Setup.hs TODO _darcs cbits dist fps.cabal tests $ darcs dist -d fps - 0.8 Created dist as fps-0.8.tar.gz
You can now just post your fps-0.8.tar.gz
You can also have darcs do the equivalent of ' daily snapshots ' for you by using a post - hook .
put the following in _darcs / prefs / defaults :
apply posthook darcs dist apply run-posthook
Advice :
Tag each release using darcs tag .
For example :
$ darcs tag 0.8 Finished tagging patch ' TAG 0.8 '
Then people can darcs get -- lazy -- tag 0.8 , to get just the tagged version ( and not the entire history ) .
Hosting [ edit ]
You can host public and private Darcs repositories on http://patch-tag.com/ for free .
Otherwise , a Darcs repository can be published simply by making it available from a web page .
Another option is to host on the Haskell Community Server at http://code.haskell.org/.
You can request an account via http://community.haskell.org/admin/.
You can also use https://github.com/ for Git hosting .
Example [ edit ]
A complete example of writing , packaging and releasing a new Haskell library under this process has been documented .
Notes
In a move that shakes the landscape of an already deep Western Conference , the Clippers reached agreement on a contract with All - Star point guard Baron Davis on Tuesday , according to Davis ’ agent .
The deal is expected to be signed for five years and $ 65 million once the NBA ’s moratorium period ends next week .
“ From a basketball standpoint , it ’s always been about winning for Baron , ” said Todd Ramasar , Davis ’ agent .
“ This presented a good opportunity to do that , to pair him with Chris Kaman and Elton Brand expected back . ”
And Brand , indeed , is back .
Advertisement
The All - Star power forward who opted out of his contract a day earlier for free agency is expected to reach an agreement with the Clippers on a new multiyear deal , possibly as soon as today .
In Davis , 29 , the Clippers get what they had earmarked entering the off - season and sorely missed last year : a proven and electric point guard , capable of both scoring and table setting .
Davis has battled past injuries , but played in all 82 games last season for the Golden State Warriors , averaging 21.8 points and 7.6 assists .
In his nine - year career , Davis has averaged 17.1 points and 7.2 assists .
He was the main catalyst in the eighth - seeded Warriors ’ upset of the top- seeded Dallas Mavericks in the 2007 playoffs .
That the Los Angeles native and UCLA product would come to the Clippers , however , came in a sweeping and stunning fashion .
Advertisement
Davis , a two - time All - Star , left a guaranteed $ 17.8 million to walk away from the final season of his contract with the Warriors and become a free agent .
Only 11 players in the NBA are expected to draw a higher paycheck next season .
A tipping point for Davis may have come late last season when Warriors Coach Don Nelson benched him for the second half of a pivotal game .
When asked if he had heard talk around the NBA that a deal had possibly been in place before the start of free agency , Ramasar said that Davis opting out of his contract had always remained a distinct possibility .
Ramasar added that the Warriors had not attempted to negotiate with Davis before or after he opted out of his contract .
Advertisement
“ Baron would have liked to remain a Warrior as short as [ Monday ] and even [ Tuesday ] , ” Ramasar said .
“ There was no offer , no extension . ”
Enter the Clippers , who quickly scooped up the opportunity to land Davis .
Once free agency hit late Monday night , Coach Mike Dunleavy was in New York to court the Sacramento Kings ’ Beno Udrih , with the Toronto Raptors ’ Jose Calderon as a backup option .
Both decided to return to their teams Tuesday .
But as they were doing so , Davis became a primary target .
Ramasar said that Dunleavy , who was flying back from New York on Tuesday evening , called him early Tuesday to show the Clippers ’ interest .
By afternoon , an agreement had been struck .
Advertisement
" [ Tuesday ] morning is when talks were really initiated , ” Ramasar said .
“ I talked with Coach Dunleavy earlier [ Tuesday ] .
He was meeting with Udrih and we had a conversation and he just expressed interest in Baron and that was a position they needed to address .
With Baron being a free agent and a native from L.A. , it made sense for them . ”
The impending signing could mean the end of forward Corey Maggette ’s long tenure with the Clippers .
Maggette , last season ’s leading scorer , also opted out of his contract on Monday , choosing to test free agency .
He has drawn interest from several teams , including the Utah Jazz , Boston Celtics and Orlando Magic .
The Davis move radically reshapes a team that went 23 - 59 last season , battling injuries throughout the season .
The Clippers ’ new probable starting lineup features All - Stars in Davis and Brand and two players on the upswing in Kaman and small forward Al Thornton .
Advertisement
Along with entering the league the same year and playing in the same McDonald ’s All - American game , Davis and Brand have other shared interests .
As in Hollywood .
Brand produced the 2007 film “ Rescue Dawn . ”
Davis was unavailable for comment Tuesday , screening his film “ Made in America , ” for the San Francisco Film Society .
------
Advertisement
As expected , the Clippers did not extend a qualifying offer of $ 5.8 million to point guard Shaun Livingston , making him an unrestricted free agent .
The Clippers will probably try to negotiate with Livingston and bring him back at a reduced price .
“ The Clippers have expressed an interest in re-signing him , ” said Henry Thomas , Livingston ’s agent .
Thomas added that he expected interest around the league in Livingston even though he is still healing from a serious knee injury suffered in 2007 .
He declined to specify what teams had contacted him .
Advertisement
The Clippers will announce the signing of first - round draft pick Eric Gordon at a news conference at Staples Center today .
--
jonathan.abrams@latimes.com
A drug used to increase blood production in both medical treatments and athletic doping scandals seems to also improve memory in those using it .
New research published in BMC Biology says that the memory enhancing effects of erythropoietin ( EPO ) are not related to its effects on blood production but are due to direct influences on neurons in the brain .
The findings may prove useful in the treatment of diseases affecting brain function , such as schizophrenia , multiple sclerosis , and Alzheimer’s .
Patients given EPO to treat chronic kidney failure had been observed to have improved cognition after starting the drug .
“ These effects of EPO were thought to result from the blood - boosting effects of the drug , ” explains Hannelore Ehrenreich at the Max Planck Institute , “ but the finding of receptors for EPO on nerve cells in the brain suggests that some other mechanism might be involved . ”
To investigate the mechanisms of EPO - enhanced cognition , the researchers injected mice with EPO every other day for three weeks ( 11 doses ) to test the effects of long - term exposure .
After the treatment period , mice given EPO had better memory in some situations than did mice that had been given a placebo instead .
The improvement in memory lasted up to three weeks from the last EPO dose and outlasted increased blood - cell production , but had disappeared by four weeks .
Mice given three doses saw no benefit with respect to memory improvement .
“ Young mice systematically treated with EPO for three weeks have improved memory , similar to the dramatic improvements observed in endurance and muscular performance athletes who use EPO to boost performance ” , says Ehrenreich .
The specific memory improvements were associated with the hippocampus , a structure in the brain involved in learning and memory , among other functions .
The researchers did a series of experiments on hippocampal tissue taken from the mice and found that EPO directly affected the neurons in this structure .
“ EPO had pronounced effects on short - term and long - term plasticity in the hippocampus as well as on synaptic transmission ” , the researchers report .
“ Treatment with EPO seems to increase the number of inhibitory circuits , which actually increases the efficiency of transmission of excitatory nerve impulses in specific neurons , resulting in greater short - term and long - term plasticity in memory pathways in the hippocampus . ”
These findings begin to shed light on the mechanisms of improvements in cognition seen in patients with schizophrenia and multiple sclerosis as a result of treatment with this drug .
As well as working to refine these findings , further studies might also investigate the effects of EPO on other brain regions that might be associated with improvements in motor functions in multiple sclerosis , and investigate the potential of using EPO or targeting the networks involved in EPO - generated neuronal plasticity in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases .
Article : Bartosz Adamcio , Derya Sargin , Alicja Stradomska , Lucian Medrihan , Christoph Gertler , Fabian Theis , Mingyue Zhang , Michael Müller , Imam Hassouna , Kathrin Hannke , Swetlana Sperling , Konstantin Radyushkin , Ahmed El - Kordi , Lizzy Schulze , Anja Ronnenberg , Fred Wolf , Nils Brose , Jeong - Seop Rhee , Weiqi Zhang and Hannelore Ehrenreich , ' Erythropoietin enhances hippocampal long - term potentiation and memory ' , BMC Biology
Italy 's highest appeal court has ruled that it is acceptable to discriminate against Roma on the grounds that they are thieves .
The judgment , made public yesterday , comes amid a nationwide clampdown on the Roma community by Silvio Berlusconi 's government .
Last week his interior minister , Roberto Maroni , announced plans to fingerprint all of Italy 's Roma , including children .
The ruling by the court of cassation , which appears to provide judicial backing for the government 's policies , was handed down in March , but reported only yesterday .
The judges overthrew the conviction of six defendants who signed a leaflet demanding the expulsion of Verona 's Gypsies in 2001 .
Among those convicted of racially discriminatory propaganda was Flavio Tosi , an official of the anti-immigrant Northern League , who has since become Verona 's mayor .
He was quoted by a witness at his trial as having said afterwards : " The Gypsies must be ordered out because , wherever they arrive , there are robberies . "
The court of cassation decided this did not show Tosi was a racist , but that he had " a deep aversion [ to Roma ] that was not determined by the Gypsy nature of the people discriminated against , but by the fact that all the Gypsies were thieves " .
His dislike of them was " not therefore based on a notion of superiority or racial hatred , but on racial prejudice " .
The judges scrapped the two - month jail sentences and ordered that the case be reheard .
Their ruling was published hours before police in Verona arrested eight Roma of Croatian origin accused of having induced minors to carry out burglaries in northern Italy .
The arrests were co-ordinated by the prosecutor who charged Tosi and the others seven years ago .
Franco Frattini , the foreign minister , who until earlier this year was the European commissioner for justice and human rights , applauded the fingerprinting initiative , saying : " These things are done in many other European countries . "
He and other government supporters said the main beneficiaries would be Roma children at risk of being forced to break the law .
But an opposition MP , Gian Claudio Bressa , said the government was enacting measures " that increasingly resemble those of an authoritarian regime " .
On Sunday Maroni's top aide was reported to have imposed a vow of silence on three special commissioners appointed to deal with what the Italian media calls " the Roma emergency " .
Bluff is a JavaScript port of the Gruff graphing library for Ruby .
It is designed to support all the features of Gruff with minimal dependencies ; the only third - party scripts you need to run it are a copy of JS .
Class ( 2.6 kB gzipped ) and a copy of Google ’s ExCanvas to support canvas in Internet Explorer .
Both these scripts are supplied with the Bluff download .
Bluff itself is around 11 kB gzipped .
To draw a graph , you create a new Bluff graph object using the id of a canvas element on the page , set some options , add the data and labels , then tell the graph to draw .
A basic example :
< canvas id =" example " width = " 400 " height =
" 300 " ></ canvas > < script type =" text / javascript " > var g = new Bluff .
Line ( ' example ' , ' 400x300 ' ) ; g.title = ' My Graph ' ; g.tooltips = true ; g.theme_37signals ( ) ; g.data ( " Apples " , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 3 ] ) ; g.data ( " Oranges " , [ 4 , 8 , 7 , 9 , 8 , 9 ] ) ; g.data ( " Watermelon " , [ 2 , 3 , 1 , 5 , 6 , 8 ] ) ; g.data ( " Peaches " , [ 9 , 9 , 10 , 8 , 7 , 9 ] ) ; g.labels = { 0 : ' 2003 ' , 2 : '2004 ' , 4 : '2005 '} ; g.draw ( ) ; </ script >
For the University of Mississippi , Friday ’s debate is about more than presidential politics :
Officials hope it also helps combat what may be one of the most enduring public relations problems in American higher education .
They know that for many Americans , Ole Miss means little more than the deadly 1962 riot sparked by the matriculation of the first black student , James Meredith , and the 1990s - era controversy over the display of the Confederate flag at football games .
But if the debate goes off as planned , it will provide the 160 - year - old school with the opportunity to show , once and for all , that it has moved beyond its old , infamous and self - destructive reputation as a bastion of white supremacy .
First , of course , the school will have to wait and see if the debate takes place .
On Wednesday , Republican presidential nominee John McCain said he would not participate unless Congress approved a bailout package for Wall Street by Friday .
The Commission on Presidential Debates said in a statement that it was “ moving forward with its plan ” for the debate .
School officials said they were still prepared to host candidates McCain and Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential nominee .
Advertisement
“ The chancellor just said , ‘ We ’ve been ready for the debate , and we ’re still ready , ’ ” said Curtis Wilkie , a journalism instructor who helped bring the event to the school .
The university lobbied hard and has spent $ 5.5 million to prepare .
Wilkie , an Ole Miss graduate , said it would be the first time since the 1962 riot that so many reporters would be paying attention to his alma mater .
As a result , he said , it would be “ the most positive event that ’s taken place in my lifetime ” for Ole Miss .
The school ’s transformation has been gradual since the riot and the subsequent desegregation of the campus .
Some of the most dramatic changes have occurred under the leadership of Robert Khayat , a former Ole Miss football star who became chancellor in 1995 .
Khayat , a gregarious man , is a product of the old , segregated Ole Miss ; he has used his gridiron clout to placate good - old - boy alumni while nudging Ole Miss into a new era .
Advertisement
Khayat oversaw what was , in effect , a ban on the display of the Confederate flag at football games ; the erection of a statue of Meredith ; and the creation of the William Winter Institute for Racial Reconciliation , which promotes positive discussions of race on campus and around the state .
These changes , along with new recruiting efforts , have helped boost black enrollment from 5.8 % in 1995 to 14 % this year .
The state of Mississippi is about 37 % black .
“ I feel that we ’ve really made tremendous progress , ” Khayat said , though not everyone agreed with the idea of change .
“ At times it was rocky , ” he said .
“ Some of my friends were no longer friends . ”
Advertisement
A number of black students say the atmosphere is comfortable and cordial at Ole Miss .
Marcus Thompson , a communications major , grew up in nearby Sardis , Miss .
He knew when he enrolled more than four years ago that there were still vestiges of Old South symbolism .
The band , for example , still plays “ Dixie ” at games .
But he signed up anyway , lured by the promise of a top - shelf education .
White students have been polite to him , he said , although he almost never spends time with them socially .
“ It ’s supposed to be the same world , but it ’s separate , ” said Thompson , who sticks with black friends from his hometown .
“ That ’s one thing the school ’s got to work on is the social thing . ”
Advertisement
That kind of reality , of course , is a fact of life in many parts of the U.S. At Ole Miss , it is fortified by separate black and white Greek social systems .
Although some are comfortable with the status quo , others think it is one last barrier that must fall for the school to fully heal .
Two student groups , One Mississippi and Respect Mississippi , have been trying to tear down some of the barriers , holding multiracial retreats and picnics and soul - baring “ story circles ” to help students see their commonalities .
It ’s a slow process , but students like Patrick Weems , 22 , say they are making headway .
“ I think it ’s becoming OK to come out and say , ‘ You know what , it ’s wrong that this is happening , that we have an all - black and an all - white system , ’ ” said Weems , who is white .
“ And it is tough because we are insecure people .
It ’s easier for us to go to our little niches . ”
Advertisement
Melissa Cole , a 20 - year - old junior , joined One Mississippi after spending her freshman year hanging out with all - black campus organizations like the Black Student Union .
They were comforting , she said , like a family .
But she also began to feel alienated from the mainstream Ole Miss experience .
The friendly but separated social system , she said , seems to breed misunderstandings .
“ The conversations people could have -- not just between black and white but all races -- could open up some eyes , ” she said .
“ I think the reason some people do these things is because they do n’t know .
They do n’t know when they sing ‘ Dixie ’ it hurts me . ”
Outside the student union last week , Michelle McAuley , a senior studying speech pathology , sat with scores of her fellow sorority members , all of them white .
They were waiting for the results of a homecoming queen runoff between two white women .
McAuley had no qualms about singing “ Dixie . ” ( Students traditionally shout “ The South will rise again ! ” after it is played in the stadium . )
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think anything about the slaves or anything like that when I sing it , ” McAuley said .
“ It ’s just our heritage . ”
Khayat said the Ole Miss administration can only do so much to make people want to socialize together .
He said these things often change over years and decades .
He noted that his father , who was Lebanese , was blackballed from a fraternity at Millsaps College in Jackson , Miss. , because of his ethnic background .
Decades later , Khayat was accepted into the Ole Miss Greek system .
“ You ’d have to expect this to be one of those things that happens over time , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
richard.faussett@latimes.com
Escherichia coli ( E. coli ) can give you a severe case of food poisoning or , with a little genetic engineering , a useful plastic .
Scientists at San Diego–based Genomatica , Inc. , have announced success in manipulating the bacteria to directly produce butanediol ( BDO ) , a chemical compound used to make everything from spandex to car bumpers , thereby providing a more energy - efficient way of making it without oil or natural gas .
" We have engineered the organism such that it has to secrete that product in order for it to grow , " says bioengineer Christophe Schilling , president and co-founder of the company , launched in 2000 to develop such chemical - producing microbes .
" The interests of the organism are aligned with our interests :
It grows faster when it produces more . "
The E. coli can be grown in large fermentation tanks , exactly like those used to brew ethanol from corn , and have also been genetically tweaked to tolerate high concentrations of BDO in their water .
" Originally , BDO was toxic to E. coli at fairly low levels but we evolved the organism such that it now tolerates the concentration we need it to grow at , " Schilling says .
" We grow the bacteria in sugar and water to produce the product , then purify and separate that product out of that water . "
Schilling and his colleagues are attempting to produce BDO first precisely because current methods of making it require are so energy - intensive .
" You need some significant energy , " says chemist Herbert Exner , an executive in charge of producing BDO and other chemicals in the U.S. at Germany - based chemical giant BASF , one of the largest BDO manufacturers in the world .
In addition , BDO itself is getting more expensive , rising from below $ 1 to around $ 1.22 per pound for bulk orders , Exner says .
" Natural gas and oil peaked in the last 12 months and all processes are either gas or oil related , " he says .
" Therefore , by nature , the raw material costs went up , so also the prices for BDO went up . "
Cost will be the ultimate factor in whether this someday becomes a widely used plastic - making process ; Genomatica says it 's not sure how much its E. coli–produced BDO will cost , noting that results thus far have been confined to the lab .
But the company calculates that their process ( even including all the energy needed to gather and transport the raw feedstocks , ranging from sugar to cellulose ) requires only 32,000 British thermal units ( Btus ) of energy , at least 30 percent less than traditional methods .
CEO Christopher Gann says the company plans to use " inexpensive , readily available , nonfood - competing renewable feedstocks . "
Then the E. coli can turn these waste sugars into BDO at normal pressure and temperatures under 105 degrees Fahrenheit ( 40 degrees Celsius ) , unlike the petroleum alternatives .
" This is n't an aberration where we need $ 250 per barrel oil to be cost competitive , " Gann adds .
He says the researchers so far have produced less than two pounds ( a kilogram ) of BDO ; he expects a pilot plant to be up and running next year .
" Natural gas or oil are materials that could one day be gone , " BASF 's Exner says .
But " major industries , such as auto manufacturers are not willing to pay a significantly higher price just because you gave your product a bio-label . "
Given that three billion pounds ( 1.4 billion kilograms ) of BDO are produced annually relatively cheaply , Genomatica has a long way to go .
But the company suggests that its genetically engineered E. coli may prove a more sustainable way of producing a range of necessary plastic compounds in the future .
" We selected BDO to start with because it's a product that is relatively sophisticated in the sense of the number of steps to make it starting from oil and gas , " Gann says .
" In our case , we start with land and water and sunshine to end up with sugar in water to produce BDO .
The important competitive advantage is less energy and a much friendlier environmental footprint . "
Another year another blog , still hosting this content on github , but I have moved from jekyll to hugo .
Other things I have been doing , I moved to Bunz , and am learning elixir .
Thats it for now … till I move to another blog .
Many rock purists and music snobs ( myself included ) often lament the quality of most modern pop / rock music .
“ Music these days is so trite and derivative , ” they say .
“ It ’s just been downhill since the 60’s and 70’s .
Those were the days . ”
A few years ago , Rolling Stone magazine added fuel to the music snobbery fire with its “ 500 Greatest Songs of All Time ” list .
Anyone casually paging through the list would notice that the bulk of the list was comprised of songs from the 60’s and 70’s , just like the music snobs always say .
I , however , was n’t content with the casual analysis .
So I punched the list into Excel , crunched some numbers , and found an interesting parallel between the decline of rock music quality and , of all things , the decline in US oil discovery and production :
( Sources : Rolling Stone Magazine , US Department of Energy )
Analysis after the jump .
Drill Baby Drill !
First , a little theory .
The decline in U.S. oil production * is explained by the Hubbert Peak Theory , which states that “ the amount of oil under the ground in any region is finite , therefore the rate of discovery which initially increases quickly must reach a maximum and decline . ”
Makes sense , right ?
The same theory can apply to anything of a finite quantity that is discovered and quickly exploited with maximum effort .
Including , it would seem , rock & roll .
I know , the RS 500 list is not without its faults , but it does allow for some attempt at quantifying a highly subjective and controversial topic and for plotting the number of “ greatest songs ” over time .
Notice that after the birth of rock & roll in the 1950 ’s , the production of “ great songs ” peaked in the 60’s , remained strong in the 70’s , but drastically fell in the subsequent decades .
It would seem that , like oil , the supply of great musical ideas is finite .
By the end of the 70’s , The Beatles , Led Zeppelin , Black Sabbath , the Motown greats , and other genre innovators quickly extracted the best their respective genres ** had to offer , leaving little supply for future musicians .
The counterargument to all of this , of course , is that the RS 500 skews unfairly towards the earliest , most groundbreaking works of music and unfairly penalizes later creations for simply coming after other works .
For example , why was Green Day shut out of the list ?
I could point to dozens of songs on the RS 500 that are inferior to some of the classic tracks off of Dookie , almost all of which came from the 60’s and 70’s .
But even if you assume that the RS 500 functions more of an indicator of musical early - ness , the Hubbert Peak Theory still holds true .
A whole host of talented musicians set out exploring the vast uncharted territory of modern pop / rock music that was first made possible by the electric guitar and the standardization of the rhythm section .
The resulting works from this period ( the 50’s , 60’s , and 70’s ) will forever stand out by virtue of their originality .
Popular music ** may never again see a period of innovation at a magnitude of its first explosion .
I do n’t think I ’m being pessimistic about the outlook on pop / rock music or snobbish about my retro music tastes .
I think the same idea applies to other creative fields that follow a similar arc of rapid exploration followed by derivative works .
Assuming some constraints on the definition of the form , the amount of innovation that can be done within that form is finite .
Most of it will come early and fast , then decline after the peak .
Impressionist paintings .
Star Wars movies .
I could go on .
Now , if only we could drill for some new reserves of pop music innovation .
Perhaps there ’s a new Motown hit machine waiting somewhere in the Gulf of Mexico , waiting to be unleashed .
Let ’s get drilling .
I know there ’s plenty of room for arguing my points , so please sound off in the comments .
* I left off Alaska from the data set mostly to make the graphs line up better , but also because the “ fixed supply ” concepts holds better if you look solely at the lower 48 states and not the one with all the oil and all the hockey moms .
** Although the RS 500 list includes a smattering of rap / hip - hop , it ’s so deficient in that regard that i’m excluding that genre from this analysis .
I wonder , though , if a similar analysis could be conducted around that genre that shows the discovery / innovation explosion after hip hop ’s genesis in the late 1970’s .
One of the most anticipated television shows of the fall season is " Fringe , " from J.J. Abrams , the hitmaker behind " Alias " and " Lost . "
The Fox series , whose pilot aired Sept. 9 , has been described as a blend of " The X - Files , " " CSI " and the " Twilight Zone , " with a bit of filmmaker David Cronenberg 's dark humor .
Joshua Jackson plays Peter Bishop , a troubled young man who joins his genius ( and possibly quite insane ) scientist father and a hot young FBI agent to investigate paranormal phenomena , most involving conspiracies and national security issues .
The titular " fringe " comes from " fringe science , " the study of which apparently drove the elder Bishop into an insane asylum for nearly two decades .
But what is fringe science ?
Fringe science
Fringe science typically includes paranormal topics with an assumed or alleged connection to science , such as mind control , ESP ( or its newer term , remote viewing ) , ghosts , and so on .
Then there are the ever - popular " free energy " machines , versions of which date back at least a century .
Their designers claim that the devices can produce more power than they consume and run forever , though conspiracy theorists say that the technology has been suppressed by the world 's oil and gas companies .
( They do n't explain why the energy companies would n't simply adopt the " free energy " technology themselves , instead of ignoring it in favor of expensive and risky drilling . )
Researchers into fringe science topics typically paint themselves as mavericks , independent rebels brave enough to thumb their nose at the scientific establishment .
Others point to a secret U.S. Government project named " Stargate " as proof that fringe science is valid .
Project Stargate
From the 1970s through the mid-1990s , there was indeed a fringe science government project designed to explore the possibility of psychic powers .
During the Cold War , rumors leaked from behind the Iron Curtain that the Russians were developing an army of super - psychic spies .
Nervous U.S. military brass wanted to know if this was true , and if so , were we winning the Arms Race but losing the Psychic Race ?
Thus Project Stargate was born , testing " remote viewers " and their claims to gather military intelligence supernaturally .
The research went on for about two decades , with little apparent success .
Finally the CIA took over the program and asked scientists to review the results .
They concluded that the psychics did no better than chance , and that the data indicated that psychic information was neither validated nor useful .
Project Stargate was soon shut down .
Reality check
The idea that there must be some validity to the project otherwise it would not have been funded or renewed is laughable .
There are hundreds or thousands of federal projects that have been funded despite never having been proven valid or effective , including the Star Wars program , abstinence - only sex education , and the DARE program .
( Some claim that the Pentagon still has a secret team of psychics on staff , though if that 's true , their glaring failure to find Osama bin Laden seven years after his terrorist attack speaks volumes . )
In the final analysis , there really is no such thing as " fringe science . "
There is good science , there is bad science , and there is pseudoscience , but the scientific investigation of the physical world has no fringes , no edges .
If " fringe " topics like psychic power , ghosts , and free energy really exist — despite a lack of hard evidence — then they are hardly " fringe " at all ; instead they will be incorporated into mainstream science as soon as their proponents provide evidence to back up their claims .
Benjamin Radford is managing editor of the Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
He wrote about the media and pop culture in his book " Media Mythmakers : How Journalists , Activists , and Advertisers Mislead Us . "
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
Driving the Davis story
Obama 's campaign pushes on the report that Rick Davis 's firm was on Freddie Mac 's payroll :
“ It is now clear that both John McCain and Rick Davis did not tell the truth about Davis ’s continuing financial relationship with Freddie Mac , one of the actors at the center of this financial crisis .
It ’s troubling not only that Davis ’s firm — with which he is still associated and which the McCain campaign paid directly last year — continued to be compensated by Freddie Mac until as recently as last month , but that the firm did little work and apparently was being paid simply to provide access to the McCain campaign , " says communications director Dan Pfeiffer .
“ The question that now needs to be answered is this : did Freddie Mac or any other special interests buy access to John McCain by compensating top officials , including Rick Davis ? ”
There 's has n't been any strong evidence so far to suggest Davis 's client list has influenced McCain 's decisions .
Perhaps his firm's most troublesome client -- the pro-Putin , anti-American side in Ukraine -- got no love from McCain .
The Times suggested that McCain was n't as outspoken a foe of Freddie Mac as some others in the Senate , but he certainly was n't an ally .
Bloomberg is reporting Fannie 's Mudd Soothed Asian Investors as Bonds Rose .
Fannie Mae Chief Executive Officer Daniel Mudd was sitting down to a glass of wine with his wife at their Washington home around 10 p.m. on Saturday July 12 when Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson called .
Concerns about the financial health of the biggest U.S. mortgage finance company had driven Fannie Mae 's borrowing costs to the highest since March the previous week and its shares had tumbled 45 percent on the New York Stock Exchange .
Investors in Asia , the biggest foreign owners of Fannie Mae's $ 3 trillion of bonds , were asking the Treasury to bolster the government - sponsored company and its smaller competitor , Freddie Mac , said three people with knowledge of the talks .
Paulson told Mudd he had a plan to restore confidence in Fannie and Freddie , the core of the Bush administration 's efforts to revive the U.S. housing market .
`` At that point , the proposal began to take form , '' Mudd , 49 , said in an interview .
`` We 're trying to solve a crisis of confidence .
Would this do it ? ''
The next afternoon , before financial markets opened Monday in Asia , Paulson announced the rescue plan , saying he would seek authority to buy unlimited equity stakes in the companies and their bonds if needed , while the Federal Reserve would lend directly to Fannie and Freddie .
Congress included the proposals in a broader housing bill that President George W. Bush signed into law last week .
Asian investors were among the most important groups to soothe because central banks , financial institutions and funds in the region own $ 800 billion of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac 's $ 5.2 trillion in debt , according to data compiled by the Treasury .
U.S. officials were concerned that sales from the region would push lending rates higher , said the people , who declined to be named because the discussions were confidential .
Paulson , the 62 - year - old former CEO of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , " knows the markets ; he 's seen parts of this movie before , " Mudd said .
The decision to allow Fannie and Freddie to borrow from the Fed 's so - called discount window was meant to " send a message to the markets that it was n't just a someday aspiration , but those confidence building measures are in place right now before Tokyo opens on Sunday night , " he said .
Confidence Building ?
How can anyone have confidence in the markets when the Fed , the SEC , or the Treasury Department has to intervene on a weekly basis ?
How can anyone have any confidence in earnings statements when level 3 , market to fantasy assets rise every quarter ?
How can anyone have confidence in banks when Citigroup Holds $ 1.1 Trillion in Mysterious Off Balance Sheet Assets ?
How can anyone have any confidence when the FASB Postpones Off - Balance - Sheet Rules for a Year , at Citigroup 's request , because " It 's not practical " to implement the rules now .
( Please see Not Practical To Tell The Truth for more on this story ) .
How can anyone gave confidence in financial institutions when Deleveraging Risk Is High And Growing At Lehman and other broker dealers ?
How can anyone have any confidence in banks when there are 25 Rock Solid Reasons To Believe The Banking System Is Unsound .
How can taxpayers have any confidence when Congress acts in the best interest of Fannie Mae executives , investors like Bill Gross who bet on a taxpayer funded bailout , and China , rather than the best interests of taxpayers and innocent citizens that had nothing to do with this housing mess ?
How can anyone have confidence in the system if there is even the remotest possibility that the US financial system was held hostage by China ?
Introducing - Solar Propeller Boat
Are you teaching a summer camp and want to have a cool activity for your students ?
Introducing the Solar Propeller Boat by Chaney Electronics .
This activity teaches the basics of how Solar energy is captured and turned into electricity to power a small motor propeller .
This project is a throwback to earlier times where students in summer camps made crafts and applied themselves to arts & science .
The student will have to sand , paint and connect the electronics of their boat ( sandpaper , paint and brushes not included ) .
The finished boat is 3 " x 6 " plus the 1 - 1/2 " rudder and height of the motor which is about 3 " tall .
This is a perfect outdoor kit because it does not require any solder or batteries .
Once completed -
It 's off to the races as they compete for victory .
Sail away with this special introductory offer of only $ 14.95
Local attorneys will be on hand to advise potential registrants about their voting rights as the drive is geared towards those persons who may think they are ineligible to vote because of a criminal record , prior criminal conviction or arrest .
By : Yolanda Smalls
End
-- A voters registration drive will be held at 24/7 Bail Bonding Company at 4431 Bluff Road in Columbia , South Carolina from 4 – 7 p.m on Friday , September 26 , 2008 .
Attorneys will be there to assist anyone who may think they are ineligible to vote because of a criminal record , prior criminal conviction , or arrest .
“ There is a lot of misinformation out there that ’s given to individuals regarding their right to vote , ” said Yolanda Smalls , president of 24/7 Bail Bonding Company .
“ We wanted to do our part to help straighten out the confusion about the voting rights of those people who have been in trouble at some point in their lives .
Assisting us at the event are lawyers who will be able to answer questions a person may have about their situation .
With all that is going on in our country , we felt that it was important that everyone who is eligible to exercise their right to vote , go out and vote .
” South Carolina State Representative Chris Hart and Willie Bradley , Esq. are some of the attorneys who will be available on Friday from 4 to 7 p.m. to answer questions individuals may have .
There are going to be at least three other firms with attorneys at the registration drive able to help .
For more information about the Voter Registration Drive , please call 24/7 Bail Bonding at ( 803 ) 695-5333 .
To double check your voter ’s registration status , go to http://www.scvotes.org/
check_your_voter_ registration and complete the form .
Remember , to be eligible to vote in South Carolina for the 2008 Presidential election , you must be registered by no later than October 4 , 2008 .# # # The 24/7 Bail Bonding Company , LLC is a surety company that assists individuals who have been arrested a chance to get out of jail .
We do all types of bonds .
We focus our efforts on providing a high level of service to people who desire to be released .
Questions for the McCain - Palin campaign :
Where has Bristol Palin ( far right , holding Trig , with a ring on her wedding finger ) been for the past year ?
Has she been attending high school ?
Or was she absent because of infectious mononucleosis for between five and eight months , as is now being reported on the Internet ?
Why would a 43 year old woman , on her fifth pregnancy , with a Down Syndrome child , after her amniotic fluid has started to leak , not go to the nearest hospital immediately , even if she was in Texas for a speech ?
Why would she not only not go to the hospital in Texas , but take an eight - hour plane flight to Seattle and then Anchorage ?
Why would she choose to deliver the baby not in the nearest major facility in Anchorage but at a much smaller hospital near her home - town ?
Why did the flight attendants on the trip home say she bore no signs of being pregnant ?
Fluor Awarded Series of Contracts by Ma'aden - Alcoa Joint Venture
Fluor Corporation ( NYSE : FLR ) announced today that the company won a series of contracts from the joint venture comprising Saudi Arabian Mining Company , also known as Ma'aden , and Alcoa , to provide program management consultancy ( PMC ) and engineering , procurement and construction management ( EPCM ) services for a number of projects related to the development of the integrated Ras Az'Zawr aluminum complex .
The estimated $ 10.8 billion super - project will include a bauxite mine , alumina refinery , aluminum smelter and rolling mill .
In the second quarter of 2010 , Fluor expects to book approximately $ 3 billion covering four separate scopes of work for the Ras Az'Zawr complex .
Fluor 's scopes of work will include the following :
Provide overall PMC services for the development of the entire Ras Az'Zawr aluminum complex ;
Provide EPCM services , in a 50:50 joint venture with Australia 's WorleyParsons , for the mine and alumina refinery with an expected delivery date of fourth quarter of 2013 ;
Provide stand - alone EPCM services for the site 's rolling mill also with an expected delivery date of fourth quarter of 2013 ; and
Provide stand - alone EPCM services for Ras Az'Zawr site 's integrated infrastructure .
" The mining & metals sector continues to be a bright spot for Fluor and the commencement of this significant project in a key region of the world is another sign of the strengthening global economic recovery , " said David Seaton , Fluor Corporation 's chief operating officer .
" We are extremely proud of our team for winning this prestigious project in the Kingdom .
The Ma'aden - Alcoa joint venture has expressed great confidence in our team by the size and scope of these awards and we look forward to helping them implement their vision to realize one of the world 's largest , vertically integrated metals projects , " said Dwayne Wilson , group president of Fluor 's Industrial business .
Fluor will execute the engineering for the Ras Az'Zawr projects from its offices in Al Khobar , Saudi Arabia ; New Delhi , India ; and Greenville , South Carolina ; with support from other global Fluor locations .
Once completed , the super - project will include a bauxite mine with an annual capacity of 4 million tons at Al Ba'itha , a 1.8 million tons - per - year refinery , a 740,000 tons - per - year smelter , and a rolling mill with a capacity of up to 460,000 tons .
About Fluor Corporation
Fluor Corporation ( NYSE : FLR ) designs , builds and maintains many of the world 's most challenging and complex projects .
Through its global network of offices on six continents , the company provides comprehensive capabilities and world - class expertise in the fields of engineering , procurement , construction , commissioning , operations , maintenance and project management .
Headquartered in Irving , Texas , Fluor is a FORTUNE 200 company and had revenues of $ 22 billion in 2009 .
For more information visit www.fluor.com .
Source : Fluor
So far Dems are more than just a little lukewarm to this McCain gambit .
Here ’s part of Sen. Harry Reid ’s just - released statement :
I understand that the candidates are putting together a joint statement at Senator Obama ’s suggestion .
But it would not be helpful at this time to have them come back during these negotiations and risk injecting presidential politics into this process or distract important talks about the future of our nation ’s economy .
If that changes , we will call upon them .
We need leadership ; not a campaign photo op .
Reid also calls for the debate to go on as scheduled .
Songs that refer to products and brands have been with us for years , from Paul Simon singing " Mama do n't take my Kodachrome away " to Janis Joplin 's plea for a new car in " Mercedes Benz " and beyond .
Conscious of the branding value such mentions can bring , some artists have gone so far as to approach companies with offers to include brand and product names in their song lyrics .
A e-mail from the Kluger Agency , which performs such product placements , mistakenly sent to Jeff Crouse of the Anti-Advertising Agency and Double Happiness Jeans , provides a rare glimpse into the secretive market for song lyric product placement .
" I 'm writing because we feel you may be a good company to participate ina brand integration campaign within the actual lyrics of one of theworlds most famous recording artists upcoming song / album , " begins the opening e-mail in the eventual salvo between the two .
Yes , you read that right : things have gotten so weird in the music business that high - profile acts are inserting ads into their song lyrics .
The next time you hear a brand mentioned in a song , it could be due to a paid product placement .
And unlike magazines , songs are not required to point out which words are part of an advertisement .
In the e-mail , Kluger ( who has represented
Mariah Carey , New Kids on the Blog , Ne - Yo , Fall Out Boy , Method Man ,
Lady GaGa and Ludacris ) explained via e-mail that for the right price ,
Double Happiness Jeans could find its way into the lyrics in anupcoming Pussycat Dolls song .
Crouse posted the e-mail on his blog
at the Anti-Advertising Agency , an art project of sorts that 'sbasically the philosophical mirror image of a traditional ad agency .
The thing is , Double Happiness Jeans is not your everyday brand – it's a virtual sweatshop organized by EyeBeam
for a display at the Sundance Festival , which involves paying SecondLife citizens 90 cents an hour to make real , customized jeans designedin the virtual factory .
Crouse and Steve Lambert , his partner at the Anti-Advertising Agency , are probably the last people on earth whoKluger would want to receive this e-mail .
Both men spend a fair amountof their time questioning , undermining and criticizing thepervasiveness of materialism and advertising in our culture .
" It was hilarious , " Lambert told us via telephone , " that he wantedtoput Jeff 's fake Second Life sweatshop company in a pop song .
It 's thisdesperation that advertising has come to because you can't just tellpeople about your product anymore , because nobody cares .
Advertisershave created this situation where they 've made themselves obsolete .
There 's too much advertising out there , so they try to find new ways tocut through the clutter that they 've created .
And this is one of thoseways . "
Soon after Crouse posted Kluger 's e-mail and his own response on theblog , a commenter wrote , " Either a spammer / con - artist isusing the name ... or ( they are ) really bad atmarketing themselves . "
Kluger asked Lambert and Crouse via e-mail andtelephone a number of times to remove the post and comment .
" Will youplease remove the post on your blog ?
Now a new comment was madebasically calling us ' morons , ' " he wrote in one of the requests .
" When I
google the blog or my name , the tag line is ' spammer / con-artist ' usingthe name Adam Kluger PR .
Obviously , this is not good for business , andmore importantly , I 'm quite embarrassed . "
UPDATE : ( A
representative from Adam Kluger Public Relations in New York City ( http://www.adamklugerpr.com/)
contacted Wired.com to say that there should also be no confusion over the factthat their New York City based PR Firm , founded by a former television producer ( CNN , FOX ) , also coincidentally named Adam Kluger , is not involved in this issuein any way and should not be confused with the Adam Kluger quoted above in thisarticle . )
Never mind that it was he who first approached them viaunsolicited e-mail by using a scraper program that identified them aspotential clients for his product placement service .
Or that the wordshe objected to were in readers ' comments , not in the original post .
Klugerdoes n't like the comments and wants them removed from the internet .
The Anti-Advertising Agency declined and has already drawn someattention to the practice of selling space in lyrics to advertisers through its blog .
" Maybe Ludacris wants to rap about a luxury SUV , and is just lookingfor the right one , " said Lambert .
" We 'll never know ( everything about )
how it works , because that takes the mystique out of it , and themystique is one of the things that they can sell . "
But thanks to thise - mail , we at least have proof that the phenomenon is real .
For his part , Kluger claims that product placement can be done in such a way that artistic integrity is not affected .
" We are just financially taking care of the people that should be taken care of , " he told us via e-mail .
" If an artist like Sheryl Crow has the same target audience as XZY brand , we feel it 's nothing but a strong and strategic way to pinpoint a market .
" Now , we do n't want an artist to write a song specifically to promote a brand , we just feel that if it's a product that 's admired by the artist and fits his / her image , we now have the capability of leveling out the playing field and making things financially beneficial for all parties involved .
' Brand - Dropping ' is the term that the Kluger Agency coined to describe discreetly advertising by product mentioning in song , and we feel we can make this the way of the future without jeopardizing any artists creative outlet or typical style . "
Whether because the Anti-Advertising Agency exposed the practice ofproduct placement in lyrics , because Kluger does n't like being called amoron on the blog 's comments section , or both , he says he 's goingto sue .
In an e-mail sent to Lambert , he wrote , " $ 5500 is what it 's going tocost me to have an attorney stick you with a $ 150,000 judgment for thenext 20 years .
We 've consulted with two different firms .
This waswritten with the intent to hurt our business and we will win , period ...
We will go after Steve Lambert , AntiAdvertisingAgency.com , and Budget Gallery
( where Lambert sells his art ) .
Since you are intentionally damaging ourCalifornia - based agency , you will have the opportunity to defendyourself in the state of California .
If you think I 'm bluffing , that 'sfine with me . "
Lambert remains unconvinced .
" I really do n't think there 's any wayhe can win , " he told us .
" I have every right to have that there ...
Jeff 's commentary does n't say anything about this guy 's company , it 'sjust funny .
And bloggers are n't responsible for people who writecomments – it would be like holding the New York Times accountable forevery letter to the editor ever sent them . "
Kluger 's angry , litigious reaction to his offer being postedindicates that he knows he 's doing something a bit shady .
Bands like
The Pussycat Dolls do n't have much integrity to lose , but we were stillsort of surprised to find that they sell elements of their songs to thehighest bidder .
What 's next , a song called " My Family And I Enjoy McDonalds - BrandFood Products " ?
A band called " Exxon / Mobil Greatly Benefits All Aspectsof The Glorious Environment " ?
I appreciate that artists need to embrace a variety of revenueopportunities to make it today , but selling song lyrics seems to goover the line – assuming there 's still such a thing as selling out .
See Also :
Photo : Thomas Hawk
The billionaire John Paulson was revealed yesterday as one of the hedge fund bosses who has been short - selling UK bank shares - placing a near £ 1bn bet that their share prices would fall dramatically .
His New York - based Paulson &
Co was last year 's most successful hedge fund after it bet against the sub - prime mortgages that later turned toxic in the credit crunch .
Paulson &
Co has placed bets on four high street banks , including HBOS , which was forced to agree a rescue takeover by Lloyds TSB last week after a precipitous collapse in its shares .
Emergency rules rushed in by the Financial Services Authority to ban short selling in bank shares after the woes of HBOS yesterday unmasked Paulson & Co as one of the funds betting on shares falling .
Short sellers bet that share prices will fall by selling shares they do not own in the hope of buying them back more cheaply - hence making a profit .
After last week 's tumultuous stock market movements , the FSA ordered speculators to close down all short positions in bank shares within 24 hours or have their names made public .
The FSA 's surprise clampdown fuelled London 's record - breaking stock market rise on Friday .
But the three - month ban failed to arrest the decline in bank shares yesterday , with HBOS the biggest faller in the FTSE 100 , losing 14 % of its value .
Paulson &
Co admitted to four short positions :
· 0.87 % of Royal Bank of Scotland worth £ 294 m
· 1.76 % of Lloyds TSB worth £ 260 m
· 0.95 % of HBOS worth £ 93 m
· 1.18 % of Barclays worth £ 258 m
The hedge fund was one of a handful which braved the new FSA regime and retained their short positions past Friday 's deadline - leading to yesterday 's disclosures of their bets to the stock market .
Among the other dozen or so disclosures , Barclays Global Investors - owned by Barclays Bank - admitted taking a short position in St James 's Place , a fund management group which is 59 % owned by HBOS .
Odey Asset management - run by Crispin Odey , who married into one of the families that founded Barclays - also admitted it was short in banking group Investec .
The first fund to show its hand was Forteulus , based in London , which was short in London Scottish Bank .
The disclosures of the short positions came amid further volatile trading on the market ; bank shares were particularly hard hit by anxieties that the US authorities 's $ 700 bn plan to bail banks out of their toxic mortgage assets would be blocked by Congress .
Bank shares were also knocked by figures from the British Bankers '
Association showing the lowest level of mortgage approvals since records began in 1997 - 21,086 home loans were approved in August .
The lenders blamed Alistair Darling for adding to the woes by causing uncertainty about whether stamp duty on homes was to be abolished .
These pressures weighed particularly on the share price of HBOS - as did concerns that its takeover could fall apart .
The value of the deal alters with the share price of Lloyds TSB and last night valued each HBOS share at 218p .
In normal circumstances , HBOS shares would be near that level .
But last night they closed at 188p .
The unusually wide gap caused confusion in the City and led to suggestions market traders think the takeover has a lot of hurdles to cross and could yet fail .
Leigh Goodwin , banks analyst at the stockbroker Fox Pitt Kelton , said : " It 's an unusual movement and it could be over concerns that there will be some block on the deal . "
Bradford & Bingley was also sharply lower , falling another 12 % amid continued speculation that it would need to find a buyer to provide a long - term solution to its business model .
The hedge fund Steadfast admitted it was shorting the lender .
Amid speculation that the FSA has been dusting down contingency plans in the event of further sharp falls in its share price , two ratings agencies downgraded their view on the bank .
B&B reiterated that its capital position was the strongest of the banks .
After the stock market closed , it revealed it had taken action to stem losses caused by mortgages it bought from a financial services company owned by General Motors .
Standard & Poor 's credit analyst , Nick Hill , said : " The downgrade reflects our view that constraints on B&B have increased materially in recent weeks , although liquidity is currently strong .
At the heart of these problems is the likelihood that asset quality in B &B 's key products of self - certified and buy - to - let mortgages continues to weaken rapidly . "
In astronomy , the " Drake Equation " is a tool used to try to estimate the number of intelligent species in the galaxy .
Scientists can plug a series of numbers into the formula -- how likely it is for planets to form , the percentage chance that those planets can support life , etc. -- and the resulting number should be the number of civilizations waiting for us " out there . "
Of course no matter what numbers people plug in , to date there 's only one known life form to make it through Drake 's equation unscathed : Us .
The PC gametakes Drake 's equation to its other extreme .
What if the galaxy werewith life ?
Teeming with creatures of infinite variety , spread across tens of thousands of blossoming worlds ?
explores this idea by allowing the game 's players to flesh out this vibrant model of the universe .
Content editors are integrated right into the gameplay , and by simply playing the game you 're building out the universe for the next player .
While the gameplay is n't always perfect , is a technological coup that opens up a whole new genre of gaming .
The object of the game is to start with a single - celled life form and evolve it into a creature , then an intelligent being , and finally a spacefaring civilization .
Is it evolution ?
Is it intelligent design ?
All we know is that alien life is out there , and it 's fun to play with .
In many ways the real genius ofis that the immense complexity of the technology is hidden beneath very simple editors , such that you forget the technology is even there .
allows players to create fully articulated and textured 3D models of vehicles , buildings , and creatures .
The creatures are the most impressive : they 're instantly capable of walking , chirping , fighting , singing , running , even flying .
And they stand up to scrutiny -- they look alive , and even cute , when zoomed all the way in .
The data used to store a complete creature is under 30 K .
The fact that anyone , including non-gamers , can create and share these models in their first game session without any training or practice is remarkable .
Of course , creating the content is only half of the equation .
Afterwards , the content has to populate across theuniverse .
Here , again , the game shines .
Creating an account is relatively simple when the game is first installed ( you 'll want an Internet connection to fully appreciate ) .
From then on , every time you play , the game automatically populates the universe with new content downloaded from the net .
The downloads happen so fast as to be unnoticeable -- another example of the best technology being the kind you never see .
Moreover , everything you create is instantly and quietly uploaded for others to share .
Players can self - select the type of content they want to see in several ways .
For one , you can " subscribe " to your friends , which means you 'll automatically download any content created by them every time you play .
These creations will have a higher probability of appearing as you play .
There will no doubt be " Spore Celebrities " whose creations are so interesting that they 'll get tons of subscribers -- you can already see some popular creators on the Sporepedia .
Players can also create something called " Sporecasts , " which are collections of content that you can subscribe to , such as " Star Trek Vehicles " or " Earthlike Animals . "
Again , when you subscribe to a Sporecast , the game will make it more likely you 'll run across those particular game elements as you play .
You can also filter out objectionable content -- clicking a big " X " icon will ban a creature or object from your game and submit the questionable content to Maxis for possible deletion .
Despite the three million creatures already populating thedatabase and the tens of hours we 've already played the game , we 've only run across one potentially offensive creation , and it was removed from our game in an instant .
Rules of engagement : 1 ) You do not have to register to leave comments on this blog .
2 ) I do not respond to anonymous comments .
3 ) I reserve the right to delete defamatory , racist , sexist or anti-gay comments .
4 ) I delete advertisements that slip thru the google spam folder as I see fit .
1. Kaleidoscope : Tutorial Introduction and the Lexer¶
1.1. Tutorial Introduction ¶ Welcome to the “ Implementing a language with LLVM ” tutorial .
This tutorial runs through the implementation of a simple language , showing how fun and easy it can be .
This tutorial will get you up and started as well as help to build a framework you can extend to other languages .
The code in this tutorial can also be used as a playground to hack on other LLVM specific things .
The goal of this tutorial is to progressively unveil our language , describing how it is built up over time .
This will let us cover a fairly broad range of language design and LLVM - specific usage issues , showing and explaining the code for it all along the way , without overwhelming you with tons of details up front .
It is useful to point out ahead of time that this tutorial is really about teaching compiler techniques and LLVM specifically , not about teaching modern and sane software engineering principles .
In practice , this means that we ’ll take a number of shortcuts to simplify the exposition .
For example , the code leaks memory , uses global variables all over the place , does n’t use nice design patterns like visitors , etc … but it is very simple .
If you dig in and use the code as a basis for future projects , fixing these deficiencies should n’t be hard .
I ’ve tried to put this tutorial together in a way that makes chapters easy to skip over if you are already familiar with or are uninterested in the various pieces .
The structure of the tutorial is : Chapter # 1 : Introduction to the Kaleidoscope language , and the definition of its Lexer - This shows where we are going and the basic functionality that we want it to do .
In order to make this tutorial maximally understandable and hackable , we choose to implement everything in Objective Caml instead of using lexer and parser generators .
LLVM obviously works just fine with such tools , feel free to use one if you prefer .
Chapter # 2 : Implementing a Parser and AST - With the lexer in place , we can talk about parsing techniques and basic AST construction .
This tutorial describes recursive descent parsing and operator precedence parsing .
Nothing in Chapters 1 or 2 is LLVM - specific , the code does n’t even link in LLVM at this point . :)
Chapter # 3 : Code generation to LLVM IR - With the AST ready , we can show off how easy generation of LLVM IR really is .
Chapter # 4 : Adding JIT and Optimizer Support - Because a lot of people are interested in using LLVM as a JIT , we ’ll dive right into it and show you the 3 lines it takes to add JIT support .
LLVM is also useful in many other ways , but this is one simple and “ sexy ” way to shows off its power . :)
Chapter # 5 : Extending the Language : Control Flow -
With the language up and running , we show how to extend it with control flow operations ( if / then / else and a ‘ for ’ loop ) .
This gives us a chance to talk about simple SSA construction and control flow .
Chapter # 6 : Extending the Language : User - defined Operators -
This is a silly but fun chapter that talks about extending the language to let the user program define their own arbitrary unary and binary operators ( with assignable precedence ! ) .
This lets us build a significant piece of the “ language ” as library routines .
Chapter # 7 : Extending the Language : Mutable Variables -
This chapter talks about adding user - defined local variables along with an assignment operator .
The interesting part about this is how easy and trivial it is to construct SSA form in LLVM : no , LLVM does not require your front - end to construct SSA form !
Chapter # 8 : Conclusion and other useful LLVM tidbits -
This chapter wraps up the series by talking about potential ways to extend the language , but also includes a bunch of pointers to info about “ special topics ” like adding garbage collection support , exceptions , debugging , support for “ spaghetti stacks ” , and a bunch of other tips and tricks .
By the end of the tutorial , we ’ll have written a bit less than 700 lines of non-comment , non -blank , lines of code .
With this small amount of code , we ’ll have built up a very reasonable compiler for a non-trivial language including a hand - written lexer , parser , AST , as well as code generation support with a JIT compiler .
While other systems may have interesting “ hello world ” tutorials , I think the breadth of this tutorial is a great testament to the strengths of LLVM and why you should consider it if you ’re interested in language or compiler design .
A note about this tutorial : we expect you to extend the language and play with it on your own .
Take the code and go crazy hacking away at it , compilers do n’t need to be scary creatures - it can be a lot of fun to play with languages !
1.2 . The Basic Language ¶
This tutorial will be illustrated with a toy language that we ’ll call “ Kaleidoscope ” ( derived from “ meaning beautiful , form , and view ” ) .
Kaleidoscope is a procedural language that allows you to define functions , use conditionals , math , etc .
Over the course of the tutorial , we ’ll extend Kaleidoscope to support the if / then / else construct , a for loop , user defined operators , JIT compilation with a simple command line interface , etc .
Because we want to keep things simple , the only datatype in Kaleidoscope is a 64 - bit floating point type ( aka ‘ float ’ in OCaml parlance ) .
As such , all values are implicitly double precision and the language does n’t require type declarations .
This gives the language a very nice and simple syntax .
For example , the following simple example computes Fibonacci numbers : # Compute the x'th fibonacci number .
def fib ( x ) if x < 3 then 1 else fib ( x - 1 ) + fib ( x - 2 ) #
This expression will compute the 40th number .
fib ( 40 ) We also allow Kaleidoscope to call into standard library functions ( the LLVM JIT makes this completely trivial ) .
This means that you can use the ‘ extern ’ keyword to define a function before you use it ( this is also useful for mutually recursive functions ) .
For example : extern sin ( arg ) ; extern cos ( arg ) ; extern atan2 ( arg1 arg2 ) ; atan2 ( sin ( . 4 ) , cos ( 42 ) )
A more interesting example is included in Chapter 6 where we write a little Kaleidoscope application that displays a Mandelbrot Set at various levels of magnification .
Lets dive into the implementation of this language !
The Sahara Desert is a notoriously hostile environment where it is almost impossible to survive – let alone grow and thrive .
The Sahara Forest Project is an audacious environmental undertaking aims to change all of that .
Using an inspired combination of solar power and seawater , an ambitious collective of environmental designers , architects and engineers has plans to convert part this harsh desert into a thriving plant paradise that will bring food , water and power to one of the most unlikely places on the planet .
( Image via Robert Downey )
The first critical move is to use concentrated solar power bring in vast amounts of solar energy via huge arrays of mirrors that will supply the installation with electrical power and heat .
The second essential step is the employment of seawater greenhouses which useseawater rather than tapping into the depleted underwater freshwater sources via wells .
The solar power is used to evaporate the seawater , clean and cool it , and to spread the conditioned air throughout a system of greenhouses .
The result : cool air , plenty of freshwater moisture , and copious plant growth .
What can be grown ?
Essentially anything you can imagine , including most kinds of staple produce found in your local grocery stores .
Best of all , the seawater being used is rich in nutrients which can be used in the growing process which in turn minimizes the need to bring in external nutrient sources from outside of this closed system .
And outside of the system ?
Extra clean water can be released into the local atmosphere and create a regional microclimate that can sustain the growth of some kinds of plants that can live outside of the greenhouses .
In the long run , then , not only can the greenhouses themselves provide food but the entire operation can improve the regional climactic conditions and repair environmental damage ( such as fresh water depletion ) slowly change the local ecosystem back to something closer to what it was thousands of years ago .
Jazz fans are " creative and have good self - esteem " according to the research
Musical tastes and personality type are closely related , according to a study of more than 36,000 people from around the world .
The research , which was carried out by Professor Adrian North of Heriot - Watt University , is said to be the largest such study ever undertaken .
It suggested classical music fans were shy , while heavy metal aficionados were gentle and at ease with themselves .
Professor North described the research as " significant " and " surprising " .
What does your musical taste say about you ?
He said : " We have always suspected a link between music taste and personality .
This is the first time that we 've been able to look at it in real detail .
No -one has ever done this on this scale before . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prof North said the research could have many uses in marketing , adding : " If you know a person 's music preference you can tell what kind of person they are , who to sell to .
" There are obvious implications for the music industry who are are worried about declining CD sales .
" One of the most surprising things is the similarities between fans of classical music and heavy metal .
They 're both creative and at ease but not outgoing .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Don't worry about what people think of you because of the music you listen to .
Music is the best thing in the world Steve Harding , Wiltshire , UK More than 36,000 people from all over the world were asked to rate 104 musical styles and also questioned about aspects of their personality .
The study is continuing and Prof North , who is head of the university 's department of applied psychology , is still looking for participants to take part in a short online questionnaire .
MUSICAL STYLES VERSUS PERSONALITY TRAITS BLUES
High self - esteem , creative , outgoing , gentle and at ease JAZZ
High self - esteem , creative , outgoing and at ease CLASSICAL MUSIC High self - esteem , creative , introvert and at ease RAP High self - esteem , outgoing OPERA
High self - esteem , creative , gentle COUNTRY AND WESTERN Hardworking , outgoing REGGAE
High self - esteem , creative , not hardworking , outgoing , gentle and at ease DANCE Creative , outgoing , not gentle INDIE Low self - esteem , creative , not hard working , not gentle BOLLYWOOD Creative , outgoing ROCK / HEAVY METAL Low self - esteem , creative , not hard - working , not outgoing , gentle , at ease CHART POP High self - esteem , not creative , hardworking , outgoing , gentle , not at ease SOUL High self - esteem , creative , outgoing , gentle , at ease Source : Heriot - Watt University
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A just - formed lobbying group of content producers , equipment makers and internet gatekeepers said Thursday that internet service providers should embrace filtering .
Behind the lobby are AT&T , Cisco Systems , Microsoft , NBC Universal ,
Viacom and the Songwriters Guild of America .
Among other things , the lobby , called Arts + Labs , says " network operators must have the flexibility to manage and expand their networks to defend against net pollution and illegal file - trafficking which threatens to congest and delay the network for all consumers . "
The creation of the lobbying group came almost two months after the Federal Communications Commission issued an open invitation to ISPs to filter for unauthorized copyright material .
The Aug. 1 invite was buried in the text of the FCC 's stinging rebuke of Comcast for throttling BitTorrent and other peer - to - peer traffic .
AT&T and NBC have already made it clear they support blocking streams of unauthorized works , for obvious reasons .
NBC and the songwriters want to get paid for their works .
and AT&T supports filtering because it could reduce high - volume , peer - to - peer traffic .
And Cisco has the means to produce filtering equipment , while Microsoft has recently secured a patent to watermark music and track it through the internet .
Running the new lobby is Mike McCurry , President Clinton 's press secretary and departing chairman of Hands off the Internet , a group of telcos and others opposing net neutrality .
Still , network - level filtering technology is n't ready for prime time .
And it remains to be seen whether filtering could account for fair use or could decipher whether copyright material along a network was authorized to be there .
That said , the FCC – as part of the Comcast order ( .pdf ) – sees filtering as an attainable goal .
Here 's what the FCC said :
" We also note that because consumers are entitled to access the lawful internet content of their choice , providers , consistent with federal policy , may block transmissions of illegal content ( e.g. , child pornography ) or transmissions that violate copyright law .
To the extent , however , that providers choose to utilize practices that are not application - or content - neutral , the risk to the open nature of the internet is particularly acute and the danger of network - management practices being used to further anti-competitive ends is strong . "
See Also :
( CNNMoney.com ) -- Stephani Smith 's Maui - based healthy meals delivery company had been thriving since 2004 , but needed financial assistance to expand its marketing efforts and Web exposure .
" I was the type of business that in times like this people have to cut out , " she explains .
" More and more people had to let go of the convenience we offered to save money and instead make their own dinners , pack their own kid 's lunches , do their own grocery shopping and eat less organically . "
Smith approached Leili McKinley of Haiku , Hawaii , business consultancy Soaring Phoenix in February 2007 to get advice on procuring a bank loan that she believed would help her boost business in a tough economy .
With a good credit score and a business partner who had connections with a corporate officer at American Savings Bank , Smith would be a shoo - in for a loan , McKinley thought .
So Smith reached out to ASB and Central Pacific Bank ( CPF ) for help .
" But the banks stalled on her , " McKinley said .
" Every time we called , it was something different - lost paperwork or required documents that had never been asked for .
It seemed that their tactic was to see for how long she could survive without the loan before considering her . "
She could n't .
After months of holding on , Smith folded her business .
Around 65 % of domestic banks say they have tightened their lending standards for commercial and industrial loans to small firms over the past three months , according to the July 2008 Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey on Bank Lending Practices , released in August from the Federal Reserve System .
That 's up sharply from the 50 % of banks reporting tighter credit in the April edition of the quarterly survey .
The National Federation of Independent Businesses ' most recent Small Business Economic
Trends report sings a different tune , saying that that the credit crunch is a Wall Street - only issue .
Thirty - four percent of the survey 's August respondents , a selection of NFIB members , reported regular borrowing activity .
That 's in line with historical trends , although 10 % said loans are getting harder to land .
Only 2 % of the owners polled cited the cost and availability of credit as their number - one business problem , far from the record 37 % in 1982 .
Bill Dunkelberg , chief economist for the NFIB criticized the Bank Lending Practices report 's findings , noting that the 52 banks surveyed represent the largest banks in the nation .
As chairman of Liberty Bell Bank , a small bank in southern New Jersey , Dunkelberg believes that smaller banks , which cater more to small businesses than to large ones , are doing just fine .
" As a small bank , we 're not borrowing deposits to lend out or any of that fancy schmancy stuff , " he said .
" We have the savings accounts of the little people and we 're lending out to them . "
But Maria Coyne , executive vice president of community banking for KeyBank ( KEY , Fortune 500 ) , a nationwide midsized lending institution , sees banks everywhere clamping down .
Even smaller banks that avoided the risky gambles that have decimated Wall Street are hit by the ripple effects of major crashes like Bear Sterns and Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) .
" Most banks are safe and sound , but these unprecedented times are affecting everything that has to do with banking , " she said .
" Stock prices have depressed , capital costs have increased , and regulators are more focused on capital adequacy ratios -- even for banks that did n't do sub prime mortgage lending . "
Banks still want new clients , but Coyne sees them being ultra-cautious .
Credit availability is a mixed story right now , according to Ray Keating , chief economist for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council , a small - business advocacy group in Oakton , Va .
" If you are dealing with a bank that is n't in trouble and you have a good track record and relationship with that bank , you 'll have less of a problem getting a loan , " he said .
" But it 's only expected that they will want more information to prove to regulators and investors that the loan is worth it .
That means that it 's a heck of lot tougher for startups and small businesses without track records to get loans . "
Entrepreneur Delphine Humphrey , founder of the Mikado Kids Drop Inn childcare center in Arlington , Texas , found financial institutions reluctant to loan her start - up capital despite her great personal credit and a strong business plan developed with the help of experts at her local small - business development center .
" I cried myself to sleep several times , " she said , recalling the past year .
" We tried four banks and after getting rejected from all four , we decided to get creative . "
After three months of searching , Humphrey secured a loan from microloan organization Accion Texas .
She will open the doors of her daycare for the first time this week .
Tulsa - based business coach Bill Bartmann says it 's clear that banks are treating people differently .
" They 've changed their standards , " he said .
" They want to see what value you can bring to the bank . "
Michele Larson , also a client of McKinley 's on Maui , wanted to expand her one - year - old fitness center to another island .
She , unlike Smith , procured a loan , but had to jump through hoops with three banks just to get a proposal .
" She was sitting on heaps of cash and had a perfect credit score , " McKinley said .
" Three years ago , the banks would have come back to her within 30 days .
But instead they grilled her on balance sheets , business plan and personal finances for months . "
Six months after the time she applied , the bank came back with outrageous terms on the loan .
" The conditions were terrible .
Basically , the bank wanted to control all my money , " Larson said .
" Also , there were no fixed rates and at the end of the fiscal year , I had to pay an additional 25 % of excess cash flow back to the bank .
Thank goodness for my accountant , who helped translate all the jargon and caution me . "
Business coach Bartmann , as well as KeyBank 's Coyne , emphasize that an entrepreneur 's relationship with their bank can make or break a loan today .
" It can differentiate you from all the other small business owners who walk into the same bank vying for the same money , " he said .
And yet the NFIB remains adamant : " Credit has tightened ever so slightly since 2003 , " Dunkelberg said .
" But there 's no seizing up of markets - nothing is frozen on Main Street . "
Over on Maui 's main street , the view is grimmer .
" I 'm really shocked that large organizations whose constituents are small businesses are saying that the credit crunch is only affecting Wall Street , " McKinley said .
" It just seems really off target . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Hearing on Limits of Executive Power : Robert Wexler
[ link to vidzking .com ] Rep. Robert Wexler 's opening statements during the House Judiciary Committee hearing on the constitutional limits of executive power .
One of the questions I get asked often is : “ El Santo , how come you never cover webcomic fanfiction ? ”
OK , I so I never actually get asked the question .
Ever .
Heck , you ’re probably kicking yourself because now you know that webcomic fanfiction exists , and you can do nothing to scrub that terrible thought from your brain .
“ Out , damn spot ! ” as the Lady MacBeth would say .
As a side note , video game comments are almost alway except from such discussions .
Kate Tiedrich of Awkward Zombie writes stories using Super Smash Brothers as a background .
And just recently I did a review of Scott Kurtz and his comic about the World of Warcraft .
The practice is so prevalent in videogame webcomics that fanfiction never crosses the minds of most readers .
I ’m talking about the hard stuff .
Such as a dramatic ( and surprisingly well drawn ) Chip & Dale Rescue Rangers fanfiction .
Once upon a time , I had considered reviewing this fine work ( which , if I can be serious for a moment here , actually does contain some decent art ) , but I ran into a major stumbling block .
Mainly , that I would actually have to sit down and read a Chip & Dale Rescue Rangers fanfiction .
And you know how most of those go , right ?
Hint : most writers have an unhealthy obsession with Gadget .
And then there ’s Stink Child Comics .
Its premise ?
The author ’s self - insert is hopelessly in love with Kim Possible .
Yeah , at this point there ’s nothing the comic can do to earn more than one star .
To go any further would be awfully mean spirited .
So instead I focus my energies on a comic that has been on hiatus since 2006 , but which I have good reason to believe may , at any point , be suddenly resurrected to once again prey on our unguarded minds .
It ’s a comic that , in 2007 , was one of the most searched topics on Comixpedia .
And , somehow , this comic has won two Web Cartoonists Choice Awards .
And not for some totally mde - up category like Best Fanfiction Comic or Doujinshi Superstar something .
No , it won for legitimate - sounding awards like “ Oustanding Superhero Comic ” and “ Outstanding Character . ”
Ah , yes , this is why the WCCA ’s get so much respect among the media and webcomic professionals .
Today , The Webcomic Overlook reviews a little something called Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi .
Before we properly start , I should say a word or two about doujinshi .
In Japan , “ Doujinshi , ” which is in essence manga fanfiction , is a fairly semi-respectable practice .
Several top manga artists — including Ken Akamatsu ( Love Hina ) , Rikdo Koshi ( Excel Saga ) , and Rumiko Takahashi ( Ranma 1/2 ) — either got their start doing doujinshi or still practice making fan - works to this day .
However , in the Western World where copyright is king , the practice is mostly frowned upon .
I ’ll let Wikipedia explain :
In Western cultures , dōjinshi is often perceived to be derivative of existing work , analogous to fan fiction and almost completely pornographic .
This is partly true : dōjinshi are often , though not always , parodies or alternative storylines involving the worlds of popular manga or anime series , and many of them feature overtly sexual material .
The artist of Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi is a guy who calls himself “ Bleedman ” … who is apparently some guy in the Philippines really named Vinson Ngo .
I bring up his nationality , by the way , as a sort of concession that as an Asian there ’s a chance that doujinshi is similarly not taboo over there .
Bleedman was also responsible for other doujinshi works such as Grim Tales From Down Below ( a take on The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy ) and The King of Fighters 2001 Doujinshi .
His current work is Sugar Bits , which I assume contains original characters .
Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi answers the question : “ What if Powerpuff Girls were rendered in detailed manga and were embroiled in serious , epic plot developments ? ”
This question , clearly has laid heavily on every Powerpuff Girl fan ever since we found out that Bubbles could take her power level to 11 .
Craig McCracken , you gave the world a wonderful gift and all , but when did you ever explore the complex emotional state of Blossom ’s heart or the true source of Buttercup ’s angst ?
Fans deserve to have a far more mature take of your characters !
If you think I ’m being completely facetious , I should note that Cartoon Network did , in fact , produce an anime with this exact same premise .
Witness Demashita !
Powerpuff Girls Z , a toon that has been aired everywhere in the world except the USA .
To Bleedman ’s credit , he came up with the idea first .
Incidentally , Demashita !
Powerpuff Girls Z debuted the same year Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi went on hiatus .
I ’m not ruling out some sort of legal injunction here .
( Let ’s label this Theory # 1 . )
What separates Doujinshi from it ’s animated ilk , by the way , is that it does n’t restrict itself to the Powerpuff Girl mythos alone .
This gym instructor , for example .
His name is Jack , and he ’s secretly a samurai .
Hmmmm … .
And then there ’s a familiar looking robot with a car for a head piloted by a goateed fat guy .
Yet Cartoon Network original creations are not the only characters subjected to Bleedman ’s pen .
Nickelodeon characters get the treatment as well .
And to be completely honest with you , this is the most fun part of Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi .
What characters will Bleedman take on next , and how is he going to shoe - horn them into his universe ?
I was actually a little disappointed that the comic ended in 2006 before Bleedman got a chance to take on Foster ’s Home For Imaginary Friends or Ben 10 .
Oh well , at least we got two whole pages of Atomic Betty .
Out of these , however , Dexter from Dexter ’s Lab gets thrust into the role of main character .
He ’s so prominent , in fact , that the strip could be renamed Dexter ’s Lab Doujinshi and no one would complain .
He serves first as the antagonist , then as a romantic interest , and then the series ’ main character .
And at that point , the comic goes totally batsh ** insane .
But let ’s not go there just yet .
One of the largest criticisms of manga - style webcomics is that they ’re simply mimicking a trend that was n’t created here .
Like I ’ve said of Eisu Mokhtar ( Marry Me , No Pink Ponies ) , does that criticism apply if the artist actually is from Asia ?
I mean , you ’ve gotta consider it as a continuation of a cultural heritage , right ?
Besides , manga or not , Bleedman ’s art is very attractive .
It ’s clean , it ’s colorful , and it ’s action packed when it needs to be .
His characters seem to be natural evolution of the original cartoons : Bleedman ’s Powerpuff Girls , for example , resemble the source material far closer than the official anime designs .
What bugs me are the dearth of facial expressions .
The stock three emotions are conveniently encapsulated in this single page : a cute , innocent anime smile ; exaggerated blushing ( where the nose disappears somehow ) ; and a blank , zombie - like stare .
I gave the Applegeeks guys hell over it , and I ’m not letting Bleedman off the hook either .
Then you have the generic - looking villains and robot power armors straight out of Evangelion central casting .
And there ’s Bleedman ’s unfortunate tendency to draw upskirts of underage girls , which he does quite often .
I chalked that up , though , to the pitfalls that come with trying to force anime aesthetics on Western properties .
Though , I suppose , you could ’ve easily conveyed the “ Powerpuff Girls done anime ” mission statement without flipping up the skirts of it ’s title characters .
Um … moving right along ….
Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi starts off with a fairly commonplace scenario .
The three Powerpuff girls enroll at the local elementary school , and for some reason , they ca n’t fit in .
Lord knows why not : Dexter and friggin’ Billy & Mandy go to the same school .
Surely , three superpowered girls are n’t so bizarre .
Anyway , they get into their first scrape when Dexter dons a powersuit and battles them for playground dominance !
And then … and then we start to enter the Fanfiction Zone .
You know , that special place where you ’re absolutely embarrassed to be reading this tripe and yet you are powerless to stop .
We get our first sign with the uncomfortable pairing of Buttercup with Dexter .
( Fanfiction writers like to call this “ shipping . ”
Do n’t ask me how I know . )
Romance is portrayed in a way that only meticulous , repeat viewings of harem anime could produce : the serious romantic relationship show the guy acting totally distaff while a girl sits nearby , smiles , and more or less throws herself at him .
If we have n’t yet hammered home that the romance is handled on a strictly prepubescent level .
There ’s the schoolyard taunting of the immature “ You ’ve got a girlfriend !
You ’ve got a girlfriend ! ” variety .
Let me just say that it ’s a little creepy when the person doing the taunting is Coop Cooplowski , I guy I figured to be in his late 20’s .
Cripes , everything about this reeks of being written by a 12 - year - old .
Ah , but wait until we get to the pièce de résistance .
I should warn you , there are spoilers ahead … not that it is n’t completely telegraphed , as long as you know you standard fanfiction tropes , anyway .
It begins when Blossom discovers that Dexter is building an android in the form of his dead sister , Dee Dee .
Look for answers , Blossom seeks out Otto ( from Time Squad ) .
Blossom and Otto travel back in time , back to Dexter ’s ridiculously happy childhood .
Then we see it all come crashing down as Dee Dee dies trying to save him .
The angst is ratcheted to a hundred .
This would be really dramatic if it was n’t so , you know , laughable .
The comic is so unrepentantly emo that Gerard Way would think that they were taking it way too far .
It ’s a full time pity party .
Dexter blames himself .
Mandark blames himself .
Blossom pours out her heart in sympathy .
And , would n’t you know it , there ’s a scene where Mandark pushes Dexter to the edge , and he snaps back , “ Why ca n’t you just … Shuddup ! ”
Say what you want about Bleedman , he does n’t skimp on the angst !
And then there ’s the subplot where Mandark turns out to be a frustrated transsexual .
Seriously .
I do n’t know what bothers me more : the idea that Bleedman decided to go there , or the fact that I know he ripped the idea straight out of The Vision of Escaflowne anime .
( EDIT : Christopher from the comments informs me that this is , in fact , canon .
That ’s what I get for not watching enough Dexter ’s Lab . )
The story got so bad and nausea - inducing that I toyed briefly with the idea that perhaps Bleedman was writing a parody a bad fanfiction .
Maybe , just maybe this is some elaborate form of meta-commentary .
Is Bleedman making fun of how writers oftentimes resort to unrelentingly grim and overdramatic stories ?
Like that one Ranma 1/ 2 fanfiction where Akane spend the entire story moping about how she accidentally killed Ranma with a hammer ?
( You know the one . )
But then I see a page with reams of text explaining a a futilely elaborate story , and I wonder to myself , “ Would anyone really write out reams of this garbage and spend buttloads of time on the drawings just to play a joke ? ”
Powerpuff Girl Doujinshi reeks of adolescence .
When I was younger and my storytelling abilities were driven by my hormones and my insecurities , I wrote that way , too .
Fortunately , I had the luxury of burning each and every single one of the stories I created during that time , thus securing the spotlessness of my legacy forever .
Theory # 2 of why Powerpuff Girls Doujinshi went on hiatus : Bleedman finally grew up , read the crap he wrote in his earlier days , and nearly tore his hair out .
Good doujinshi can be written .
Heck , I ’m man enough to admit that I ’ve read some in my time .
With Powerpuff Girl Doujinshi , Bleedman partly succeeds : his art looks great , and he does have a decent sense of character design ( though I do n’t think he should ’ve won an award for it ) .
However , he screws up in two important areas .
First , while I give him points for effort , his attempts to develop characters are absolutely ludicrous .
Second , despite injecting the comic with a healthy dose of angst , the story is one thick slice of ham .
If you want to see the Powerpuff Girls rendered in glorious anime style , look up Bleedman ’s DeviantArt account .
No need to risk stabbing your eyes out by reading the story .
It ’s just like reading a fanfiction : at first you ’re amused by the novel interpretations of the characters , but by the end , you ’re feeling really , really dirty .
Rating : 2 Stars ( out of 5 )
( NOTE :
In the original version of this review , I had Blossom and Buttercup ’s name mixed up .
That ’s the sort of mistake that ’s totally inexcusable .
I have since edited that error .
Many thanks to Sly Eagle , who receives the El Santo Award for Good Stewardship . )
Dandelion Salad
VOTERSTHINKdotORG
Vodpod videos no longer available .
***
U.S. Troops Crossed Border , Pakistan Says – 20 Locals Reported Killed in Assault
By Candace Rondeaux and Karen DeYoung
Washington Post Foreign Service
Thursday , September 4 , 2008 ; Page A01
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , Sept. 3 — Helicopters carried U.S. and Afghan commandos many miles into Pakistan on Wednesday to stage the first U.S. ground attack against a Taliban target inside the country , Pakistani officials said .
At least 20 local people died in the raid , according to the officials .
Pakistan filed a formal protest with the U.S. government , which had no comment on what appeared to be a new escalation of U.S. pressure on Taliban and al - Qaeda sanctuaries in Pakistan ’s mountainous border regions .
U.S. Troops Crossed Border , Pakistan Says – washingtonpost.com .
3 hours ago
Trump Can’t Do Anything But Amp Up Threats Of Election And Transition Chaos
A quick - thinking air traffic controller 's texting saved an aircraft with five people on board which had lost all communications and electrical power .
The Piper Seneca light aircraft had taken off from Kerry airport on a flight to Jersey last November when it had a complete electrical failure .
The pilot flew south to clear the coast and clouds and to see the ground .
He tried to contact Kerry airport and air traffic control in Cork on his mobile phone .
He briefly made contact with Cork , telling them about the problem .
He then received a text message on his mobile from the controller at Cork advising him that he was on radar and that Cork would allow the plane to land .
He followed the controller 's instructions given by text .
The undercarriage gear had to be lowered manually .
The aircraft did a fly - by of the control tower so that controllers could check visually that the wheels were down .
The aircraft landed safely and an air accident investigation report published yesterday said the loss of all aircraft electrics during such a flight was considered very serious .
The report , by investigator John Hughes , praised the " positive and proactive " initiative of the air traffic controller who texted his instructions to the pilot .
Belfast Telegraph
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
It began with an idea as old as Charles Darwin .
In 1859 , Darwin surmised in " The Origin of Species " that natural selection , the competition between individuals within a population for survival , might have many parallels to the competition between growing organs as they develop inside a young organism — success of one would have to come at the expense of another .
I have always been fascinated by these " resource allocation trade - offs " because they explain much about how an organism 's growth affects how it evolves .
If there is a limited pool of resources to build parts , building one part larger must mean other parts end up smaller .
If evolution favors the enlargement of one part , this may only be possible by the compensatory reduction of another .
As intuitive as this mechanism seems , the evidence for it was muddy .
Past work showed resource allocation trade - offs occur in laboratory experiments and in populations undergoing artificial selection experiments .
How common and important they are in nature remained unclear .
In 2000 , this old idea was fortuitously joined by two important observations , one from a laboratory experiment , the other from field measurements .
At the time I worked with a species of beetles in which males grow large horns , much like antelopes .
But only males do it , so to study the development of horns during earlier developmental stages — the larva — I had to somehow be able to determine the sex of beetles while they were still immature .
The sex of beetles I found a group of cells in the abdomen of about half of all larvae that I thought might give rise to the male copulatory organ .
This group of cells does n't exist in females .
To be sure , I used a surgical technique to destroy these cells without otherwise injuring the animal , kind of like a dermatologist removes a wart .
I then waited for larvae to turn into adults .
Lo ' and behold , all the animals that had those extra cells became males , and all the larvae that I did surgery on became males lacking a copulatory organ .
But I also made an additional observation .
Males who had their copulatory organ precursor cells surgically removed ended up growing significantly longer horns .
Somehow , altering the growth of one structure affected the development of another — on the other end of the animal .
The second observation came from natural populations .
My beetle species is native to Italy , but had been introduced to the Eastern United States , Eastern Australia , and Western Australia less than 50 years ago .
When studying these isolated populations , I found that they had all diverged in the relative sizes of their horns .
Males from the Eastern United States grew by far the largest horns , whereas Western Australian males grew the smallest , with the other populations ' horn sizes in between .
Horn length and female access I found good explanations for why horn sizes had changed so much .
Male beetles use their horns as weapons against rivals so they can gain access to females .
In Western Australia , however , competition between males was so intense that most males were better off not fighting and instead engaged in " sneaking " behavior , in which case shorter horns was better .
In the Eastern United States , competition between males was moderate , and most males performed better by being fighters and having long , powerful horns .
Horn length therefore appeared to have evolved due to changes in the behavioral conditions of fighting males .
The question now was whether that was the end of the story .
These two observations met Darwin's old idea when Harald Parzer ( a graduate student in my lab ) and I set out to determine whether the changes in horn investment we observed between these populations had also brought about changes in the sizes of copulatory organs .
To do so , Harald measured body sizes and the lengths of horns and copulatory organs in several hundred males from the native as well as the three exotic populations .
If both structures indeed develop somehow at the expense of each other , they should also have evolved at the expense of each other in these four populations , in other words : the population with the largest horns should have the smallest copulatory organs and vice versa .
This was exactly what we found !
Enduring tradeoffs
We found the same result when we extended our analysis to different species rather than populations .
Harald examined males from 10 different species , all of which differ in how much their males invest into horns .
Their investment into copulatory organs inversely mirrored that investment : as before , the species with the largest horns had the smallest copulatory organs and vice versa .
Our results showed that such tradeoffs are real , that they occur in natural populations , that they can be visible extremely early after just 50 years of isolation between populations , but that they remain visible for millions of years after species have long separated from each other .
And that connected , for the first time , the developmental tradeoff between horns and copulatory organs to the evolution of new species .
It turns out copulatory organs are a funny structure .
They do n't just transmit sperm during copulation ; they are also believed to somehow determine who can successfully mate with whom .
In insects , species appear to diverge first in the shape and size of their copulatory organs , and numerous otherwise cryptic species can only be told apart by their copulatory organs .
If populations of the same species would , for some reason , evolve different - sized copulatory organs , these populations may subsequently find it hard to interbreed and ultimately evolve into separate species .
Our study provides evidence that the first part of this scenario appears to happen in nature .
We now want to know if the second part is also true .
Are Eastern United States and Western Australia populations less able to interbreed because of the different sizes of their male copulatory organs ?
Are these populations on their way to become separate species ?
If so , if it is indeed that easy to initiate speciation in these organisms , we may finally be able to explain why beetles are the most species - rich group of organisms on this plant , accounting for a fifth of all living species and a fourth of all named animals .
Video - Orchid Sex
Gallery : Backyard Bugs
Archive of Weekly ' Behind the Scenes ' Stories
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
Pakistan closed the Torkham border crossing in the Khyber tribal agency .
The road through the Khyber Pass is NATO ’s primary supply line into Afghanistan .
The government claimed poor security on the strategic road into Afghanistan forced the closure .
The road has been shut down exclusively for NATO traffic .
“ All Afghanistan - bound supplies for the International Security Assistance Force have been stopped as the [ Torkham ] highway is vulnerable , ” the Khyber Agency ’s political agent told Daily Times .
According to Dawn , the closure only applies to fuel trucks heading to Afghanistan .
But trucks carrting supplies other than fuel have been held up at the border .
“ Over 20 heavily - loaded vehicles , including oil tankers , were stranded at the border town of Torkham following the government ’s decision , ” the Pakistani newspaper reported .
An estimated 70 percent of NATO supplies move through Khyber to resupply troops fighting against the Taliban in Afghanistan .
The bulk of NATO ’s supplies arrive in the port city of Karachi , move north to Peshawar , and head west to the Torkham crossing into Afghanistan and the final destination in Kabul .
The rest of the supplies pass through the Chaman border crossing point in Baluchistan or arrive via air .
The Taliban has increased attacks against trucks shipping NATO supplies .
The group has issued death threats to Pakistani truckers hauling NATO goods into Afghanistan .
A response to US attacks in Pakistan
The closure of the Torkham crossing point to NATO traffic occurs just as the US has ramped up its cross - border strikes inside Pakistan ’s Taliban - controlled tribal agencies .
The Pakistani government denied the move to close the road in Khyber to NATO traffic was related to the recent US airstrikes and a ground assault in the Waziristan tribal agencies further south .
“ This decision has nothing to do with the situation in Waziristan or the US attacks , ’ the political agent said .
” This is purely a security issue and we want no untoward incident to take place as far as supplies for ISAF are concerned . ”
No timeframe was given for the reopening of the road for NATO supply columns .
The move to close the border occurred the same day the Pakistani military said it could respond to US attacks inside Pakistani territory .
“ Pakistan reserves the right to appropriately retaliate in future , ” General Tariq Majid , the Chairman of Pakistan ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee , told Germany defense minister .
The US has conducted an unprecedented air campaign over the past week in North and South Waziristan .
The US has conducted five cross - border attacks inside Pakistan since Aug 31 .
Three of the strikes occurred in North Waziristan , and two in South Waziristan .
The US has stepped up its attacks against al Qaeda and the Taliban ’s networks inside Pakistan over the past year .
There have been 13 confirmed cross - border attacks by the US in Pakistan this year [ see list below ] .
Five safe houses have been hit in North Waziristan , six have been hit in South Waziristan , and two have been targeted in Bajaur this year .
Only 10 such cross - border strikes were recorded in 2006 and 2007 combined .
The most controversial strike involved special operations teams inserted by helicopters in a village in South Waziristan just one mile from the Afghan border on Sept.
3 . This is the second recorded incident of the direct involvement of US ground troops in a raid inside Pakistan since 2006 .
Background on this year ’s attacks
Three senior al Qaeda operatives have been confirmed killed during this year ’s cross - border strikes in Pakistan .
Abu Khabab al Masri , al Qaeda ’s bomb expert and weapons of mass destruction chief , was killed South Waziristan on July 28 .
Abu Sulayman Jazairi , al Qaeda ’s external operations chief , was killed in Bajaur on May 14 .
Abu Laith al Libi , a senior commander in Afghanistan and the leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , was killed in North Waziristan on Jan. 28 .
While the strikes have disrupted al Qaeda ’s senior leadership , they have done little to disrupt the growth of al Qaeda and the Taliban in northwestern Pakistan .
The Taliban , al Qaeda , and allied terrorist groups have established 157 training camps and more than 400 support locations in the tribal areas and the Northwest Frontier Province , US intelligence officials have told The Long War Journal .
The Taliban has organized some of its fighters into military formations .
Al Qaeda has reformed the notorious 055 Brigade , the Arab legion of al Qaeda fighters that was destroyed during the initial US assault in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
Additional al Qaeda brigades have been formed , intelligence officials informed The Long War Journal .
Foreign al Qaeda fighters have flocked to the Pakistani border regions .
On July 23 , Pakistani Prime Minister Gilani and his cabinet were told that more than 8,000 foreign fighters were operating in the tribal areas .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Update
I survived my vacation in the Sierras !
King s Canyon is an awesome national park and I had a lot of fun hiking at 10,000 + ft ( 3,048 + meters ) ( although , my pinky toes did not enjoy my new boots ) .
I noticed that many of you continued to visit , even though I wasn t here , and I thank you for your interest .
Starting next week , I will be resuming my previously schedule 2 weekly articles .
While I was gone , Google decided to launch their new browser Chrome , which looks impressive and is based on the Safari Webkit engine ( so it is mostly standards compliant ) .
If you haven t checked it out yet , you should , because it is another browser that you will need to ensure works with your websites .
Article
Continuing our performance discussions , today we will be discussing a technique to improve JavaScript performance when concatenating strings .
The problem occurs when concatenating large strings in JavaScript , or small strings repeatedly .
According the JavaScript specifications , a string is an immutable object , so each time a concatenation occurs , a new object ( and pointer to that object ) must be created and mutated before being returned for use .
So if you are concatenating a large string , you are creating multiple copies of a large object , and when repeatedly concatenating a small string , you are creating many needless objects .
Both operations will slow down your JavaScript code and provide a very unfriendly user experience .
Here is an example of how not to concatenate a large set of strings :
Example 1 : Inefficient Concatenation With +=
var sb = ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; i += 1 ) { sb += ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
; } alert ( sb ) ;
You could also write this using the concat method instead of " += " :
Example 2 : Inefficient Concatenation With Concat
var sb = ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; i += 1 ) { sb = sb.concat( ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ) ; } alert ( sb ) ;
FireBug profiled Example 1 concatenation technique with an average runtime of about 5159.375 ms and Example 2 at about 5203.125 ms ( averaged over 10 x each ) .
As you might expect , Example 2 was slightly slower , most likely a result of the constant runtime cost of calling the extra function , concat .
Unfortunately , JavaScript does not have a built in StringBuffer object , but by using Array you can create your own buffer :
Example 3 : Efficient Concatenation With Array .
Push
var sb = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; i += 1 ) { sb.push ( ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ) ; } alert ( sb.join ( ) ) ;
And you can improve the performance of this technique if you know the Array indices , instead of calling push :
Example 4 : Efficient Concatenation With Known Index
var sb = [ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; i += 1 ) { sb[ i ] = ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ; } alert ( sb.join ( ) ) ;
FireBug profiled Example 3 concatenation technique with an average runtime of about 315.625ms and Example 4 at about 220.3125 ms ( averaged over 10 x each ) .
As you might expect , Example 4 was slightly faster , because we do not need to call push .
Both example 3 and 4 are almost 20 x faster than the straight concatenation technique .
Obviously , you could just create an Array anywhere you need to buffer a string , but if you want an optimized StringBuffer object for your JavaScript , here is what I came up with :
Example 5 : StringBuffer Object
var StringBuffer = function ( ) { this .
buffer = [ ] ; this .index = 0 ; } ; StringBuffer .prototype = { append : function (s ) { this.buffer[ this.index ] = s ; this .index += 1 ; return this ; } , toString : function ( ) { return this.buffer.join ( ) ; } } ;
Doing the same operation using this StringBuffer object , will take about 448.4375 ms .
So it is obviously faster to just work with an Array , however it is not much slower to use the StringBuffer object if you prefer .
There are many examples of StringBuffer objects on the net ( with an average runtime of 507.8125 ms on the same dataset ) , but I have improved its performance slightly by including the index , instead of using " Array. push " .
Keep in mind that you only need to buffer when you are repeatedly concatenating a string or with very large strings .
Although , I have not tested across all browsers , my rule of thumb is to use a String Buffer anytime I am concatenating more that 5 times .
To test these concatenation techniques yourself , see the Concatenation Test Page .
--------
CHONGQING — Coal powers China .
In addition to producing about 75 percent of its electricity , the dirty , black rock is burned everywhere from industrial boilers to home stoves .
More than 4,000 miners die every year digging up the fossil fuel , shortages abound forcing curbs in electricity use , and the country 's transportation infrastructure creaks under the weight of distributing it across the country .
But the Chinese reliance on coal is most visible in the air .
Smog cloaks cities , rendering them all but invisible from the sky , which in many spots is little more than a blue patch amid a blanket of haze .
And it 's not just confined to China : as the pollution builds it forms a brown cloud , visible from space , that takes about a week to cross the Pacific to the western U.S. , where it accounts for as much as 15 percent of the air pollution .
There is no true horizon in this inland port city where the majority of China 's motorcycles are produced , one of several industrial goods produced here .
This " furnace " of China , as it's known , is akin to the entire Rust Belt of the U.S. crammed into a single community of 30 - plus million people ( twice the size of the New York City metropolitan region ) — and its residents breathe air filled with so much lung - clogging soot that it would fail both U.S. and European Union ( E.U. ) safety standards .
The choking smoke produced by all that coal burning insinuates itself into the lungs of Chinese men , women and children and costs China an estimated $ 100 billion in health costs associated with respiratory ills , according to the World Bank .
Further , it can literally stunt the growth of the next generation in this city in the heartland of China , according to recent research from Frederica Perera of Columbia University and her colleagues .
The Chinese have been burning coal for centuries .
Venetian trader and explorer Marco Polo said that one of the most surprising sights during his travels through Asia in the 13th century was the Chinese practice of burning a strange , black rock for heat — and the mountains along the Silk Road that smoldered due to underground coal fires , like the ones burning throughout the country today .
In fact , these underground blazes burn through an estimated 20 million tons of coal a year , the equivalent of the entire coal production of Germany last year .
But that pales in comparison to the amount of coal mined and deliberately burned annually by the Chinese : some 2.5 billion tons — double the amount burned by the U.S. — and does n't even include ever growing imports .
Much of it goes to the country 's 541 coal - fired power plants , which pumped out 554,420 megawatts of electricity last year , according to the State Electricity Regulatory Commission .
China is a developing country undergoing an energy transformation unprecedented in human history , but fired by an engineering optimism reminiscent of the U.S. in the 1950s .
China opens one large coal - fired power plant a week on average to generate enough electricity to service its 1.3 billion population and fuel industries that manufacture cheap goods for the U.S. and Europe .
China has a plan designed to reduce pollutants such as sulfur dioxide , linked to climate change and breathing problems , by as much as 10 percent over the next five years .
And part of that plan is simply shuttering small , inefficient coal plants and replacing them with larger ones , meaning the abundance of new coal power plants will actually help clear the air somewhat .
" To close small plants , it will be very effective to improve air quality , " says Greenpeace spokeswoman Sarah Liang .
But that still leaves a load of pollution : China this year surpassed the U.S. as the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases behind global warming .
Despite the surfeit of smut , the average Chinese citizen is responsible for a fraction of the greenhouse emissions of the average American — and the country is not bound by any international treaty to reduce its emissions .
Yet , the government has launched a pilot project to address the problem by capturing and storing the carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) produced by using coal as a fuel for electricity generation at a power plant dubbed GreenGen .
The project in the port city of Tianjin will proceed in three phases .
First , a consortium of power and coal companies will fork over funds to construct a so - called integrated gasification combined cycle ( IGCC ) power plant ( in which coal is turned to gas and pollutants removed before burning ) that is capable of producing 250 megawatts of electricity .
Such technology could cut acid rain–causing sulfur dioxide emissions by more than 90 percent , smog - forming nitrogen oxides by 75 percent , and — ultimately — capture more than 80 percent of the CO 2 normally produced by combustion , storing it in nearby depleted oil fields by 2015 .
China 's $ 1 billion GreenGen power plant became the world 's leading clean coal technology project after the U.S. government in February pulled the plug on FutureGen , a similar program that lost steam as the costs for building the demonstration plant in Mattoon , Ill. , skyrocketed .
Yet , the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and leaders of the world 's eight richest nations , including President Bush , among others , have called the development of clean coal technology essential to preventing the consequences of climate change .
But completing GreenGen may yet prove a challenge as well .
" There 's no co-benefit to doing the carbon capture and storage , " says energy technology expert Kelly Sims Gallagher of the Harvard Kennedy School of Government .
" There 's an argument for doing GreenGen in terms of research and getting experience with it but from a commercial point of view it does n't make sense . "
The reason : it requires extra energy to turn the coal to gas and then to capture the CO 2 as well — in effect requiring the burning of more coal to generate the same amount of electricity .
GreenGen is a for - profit power plant , so economic gains or losses will play a pivotal role in whether to proceed with the capture and storage portion .
" It may well be in this environment where oil is above $ 100 a barrel that it is economically viable and valuable for nations that are rich in coal , like China , to use that coal and to sequester the CO2 for purposes of producing more oil , " says Vic Svec , senior vice president of investor relations and communications at U.S. coal giant Peabody , which is also a part owner of GreenGen .
The Chinese also " view it as being a long - term benefit to remove CO2 . "
Thanks to the Olympics and ongoing efforts , the air in cities like Chongqing ( and particularly Beijing ) is vastly improved .
Factories have been shifted to industrial parks on the outskirts of town and small , inefficient coal power plants closed in favor of larger , higher heat facilities in an effort to clear the air for visiting athletes and tourists .
" When I was young , the sky was green and we [ could not ] see stars at night , " says local government official David Lee , a lifelong Chongqing resident " This year , we see blue skies and stars .
We think it 's much better . "
Perhaps , but the air is still not so clear — it can be tasted on the tongue , felt in the lungs and obscures the horizon .
Part of the problem is a lack of enforcement of existing clean air laws — and efforts to avoid them .
Factories and power plants turn on pollution control equipment when government officials visit but , when they leave , such controls are shut off to boost power production .
" The government can not check every day , " Lee says .
The government " needs to enforce the environmental laws , if they want blue skies , " insists Li Jungfeng , director of the Chinese Renewable Energy Industries Association .
Other Chinese cities , such as Zhengzhou in China 's most populous province Henan , have little hope of such clear skies any time soon .
There the stars remain invisible at night , according to former resident Li Jia , now a college student in Beijing .
The atmosphere in Beijing is still so thick with pollution ( despite a ban on coal burning and spending $ 17 billion , or 120 billion yuan , on clean air measures in the last decade ) from cars , factories and other sources that some athletes , including marathon runner Haile Gebrselassie of Kenya , voluntarily withdrew from the games and a shot at Olympic Gold because of health concerns .
" It is bitter air that you can feel , " says Timothy Hui , a program manager at environmental group Natural Resources Defense Council and a Beijing resident .
" People hate it .
They complain . "
Efforts such as GreenGen bode well for resolving those complaints , but China is also moving ahead with efforts to turn coal into liquid fuel — a costly transformation that emits twice as much CO2 as does simply burning the black rock and consumes yet more energy .
Fundamentally , however , a good portion of China 's air pollution is simply outsourced smog : industry that has migrated from the U.S. and E.U. to China to help maintain low prices or clean Western skies .
A full 23 percent of China 's greenhouse gas emissions can be linked to Western exports , according to an analysis by researchers at the Tyndall Center for Climate Change Research in England .
And researchers at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh put the percentage even higher : 33 percent .
That does n't absolve China of responsibility to cut back on noxious emissions and it is clear that the fate of the world 's climate will be forged in the crucible of its industrial cities .
" Gradual warming of the earth 's atmosphere is caused by the developing countries as well as the developed countries , " says English professor Wang Xiansheng of Zhengzhou University , which is also facing rolling blackouts as a result of the current coal shortage .
" The whole world should get united to deal with the problem . "
Welcome to the Ultimate Handyman DIY Video section
This section has hundreds of instructional videos showing how to do the easiest of DIY related jobs right up to a full bathroom refurbishment .
If you cannot find the video you are looking for please use the search box .
If you cannot find the information that you require please leave a post in the DIY Forum as one of the many Forum members may be able to help .
New York 's Grand Central Station : A Model of Energy Efficiency ?
September 19th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
At first glance , the nearly hundred year old Grand Central Station does n’t look particularly energy efficient — after all , the station does contain 60,000 lightbulbs .
But New York City officials are doing their best to make sure the terminal sets an example for other public buildings in the city .
The Metropolitan Transit Authority ( MTA ) has replaced the 20,000 interior bulbs in the station with CFLs that look like the building ’s original round bulbs .
Additionally , the MTA is testing out CFLs for the building ’s chandeliers — although finding bulbs that have the correct shape , color , and lighting appearance is a challenge .
The bulb - replacement spree will save the MTA quite a bit of money — $ 100,000 a year , in fact .
And the bulbs are n’t the only part of Grand Central ’s energy efficiency scheme .
The building is equipped with a unique air - conditioning system that uses low - cost lithium bromide and steam running beneath the building .
The air - conditioner is almost twice as efficient as conventional systems and is much cheaper .
The station also collects over five tons of paper each day as part of a newspaper recycling program .
While it is easy to point out other ways that Grand Central ’s energy efficiency could be improved — with solar panels on the roof , for example — we have to remember that the MTA is severely limited by the station ’s designation as a National Historic Landmark ( meaning the organization needs to get approval for almost every change made to the building ) .
So considering what it has to work with , I ’d say that the MTA is performing admirably .
More Posts on Alternative Energy :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
But just because his ancestors never wore shackles , and he has paid off the student loans from his elite education does n't mean he does n't have compassion .
Or that he does n't understand the pain of those who live in dire poverty , who 've lost their homes , who want yet can't afford college , and who lack health insurance .
NEW DELHI -
It is perhaps the most powerful proof yet of terrorist build up on the International border .
TV channel TIMES NOW has accessed security footage that shows terrorists camping along the International Border in Jammu and waiting for the opportune moment to strike .
�� As reported time and again , it is Pakistani troops who are aiding this exercise .
( Watch )
At the Border Security Force ( BSF ) control room in RS Pura sector , footage showing black spots on the TV screen , each representing a militant moving surreptitiously along the International border has been accessed .
The build up , monitored constantly with Intelligence inputs revealed that aleast 500 terrorists are hiding along the border plotting to strike .
For the first time TIMES NOW has managed to access thermal images of the militant build up , which provides more proof of Pakistan 's constant provocation .
ML Garg , CO , RS Pura sector said , " Movement of rangers with men in civies has been spotted in these areas . "
Not just cover firing , Pakstan rangers even help the militants spot transit points .
Des Raj , DIG BSF
Frontier said , " Rangers have installed gadgetry on their posts to detect points for crossing over to this side . ''
Following � �the child hostage crisis that ended in a bloody encounter between security forces and terrorists in this house in Jammu , ��proof of Pakistan backing the terror agenda� �to create more panic in the already troubled state of Jammu and Kashmir has surfaced .
If I could offer you free of charge 5 questions guaranteed to improve the quality of your life , make you happier , less likely to get into arguments , more likely to reach your goals and be more popular with other people , would you be interested in hearing them ?
Of course you would , who would n’t ?
After all , they ’re free and it does n’t get much cheaper than that .
Well actually there is a slight catch .
Yes they ’re free and yes they ’ll do all I claim and more , but only if you commit to embedding them so deeply into your neurology by constant and conscious repetition that they become second nature .
Then and only then , will they allow you to make the kind of quantum shift in your life that has your friends thinking your body has been invaded by a very clever , charismatic and slightly easier to get along with space alien .
1. What Else Can This Mean ?
As a human being you have developed your own way of looking at things .
You see the world through a filter or lens built up and fine - tuned on your beliefs and values .
As such you only ever see your own reality , never reality itself .
It ’s taken you years to build up your own filter and because of that you ’ll often try and hang on to it for grim death , sometimes in the face of overwhelming contrary evidence .
It ’s not that you ’re an unreasonable person because everybody is the same to a greater or lesser degree .
Every single person has their own filter and has their own difficulties accepting that they are one of over 6 billion realities .
You can separate yourself from your automatic repetitive way of thinking though by asking yourself with a genuine sense of curiosity , one simple question .
“ What else can this mean ? ”
That one question forces you to look for alternate ways of viewing things .
Your partner being late for a date may mean he hates you and does n’t respect you , or it may mean he got stuck in traffic .
That headache you ’ve had for 2 days may be a tumor the size of a grapefruit , or it may mean you ’ve been overdoing the caffeine .
That abuse that your boss just hurled at you may mean you ’re a worthless piece of garbage , or it may mean his wife has just left him and he ’s taking it out on you .
Often we do n’t know what the reality of the situation is .
Think of how many times in your life what seemed like a terrible event turned out to be a huge blessing in the fullness of time .
What if we treated everything ( within reason ) like that and kept asking , “ What else can this mean ? ” “ What else can this mean ? ” “ What else can this mean ? ” until we find an answer that makes us feel good ?
Some people say that ’s not realistic .
I say what ’s realism and if you can set your own , why on earth would n’t you want to ?
“ Reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one . ” ~ Albert Einstein
2. Who Can Help Me ?
In terms of setting and achieving goals , too many people get wrapped up in the “ How can I do this ? ” mode of thinking .
That can be useful and I know many people have reached their goals by purely taking that approach .
However , there is an easier and quicker way and that ’s to ask yourself , “ Who can help me ? ”
Whatever it is you want to do , it ’s almost certain that somebody has done it before ( or at least something very similar ) .
Find out how they accomplished it and model them .
Speak to them if possible and learn from their successes and their mistakes .
If there is no option to speak directly ( always tricky with dead people ) , read up on them and talk to people that may have known them .
There ’s no need to reinvent the wheel just remember , the quickest route to success is to follow a beaten path .
“ Human beings , who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others , are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so . ” ~ Douglas Adams
3. What Am I Grateful For ?
Try and stifle that eye roll and yawn for just one moment .
I know the whole attitude of gratitude thing has become more clichéd than a drunken Oscar winners acceptance speech , but there is a reason for that .
It ’s because it ’s incredibly , awesomely , stunningly ( insert over the top adjective of your choice here ) powerful .
I once requested a client ’s wife to ask her husband at least 10 times a day the question “ What are you grateful for ? ”
He was to reply with a different answer every time .
“ How long should we do it for ” she asked me .
“ For at least 40 years ” I replied .
I was being a bit glib , but not that much because there was a serious message behind what I was saying .
If you ca n’t think of 10 new things each day to be grateful for you ’re not looking hard enough because they ’re out there .
The act of searching our minds for things that we ’re grateful for is a brilliant state changer .
It will improve your mood , make you feel more resourceful and stop any thoughts of self - pity that can lead toward developing a victim mindset creeping in
“ He who does not thank for little will not thank for much . ” ~ Estonian Proverb
4. What ’s My End Game ?
Would you set off in your car with no idea where you were going , why you were going there or when you were likely to get back ?
I suppose you may do that once in a while for a bit of spontaneity , but it ’s not something many people this side of sane do on a regular basis .
Yet we often get drawn into situations with absolutely no idea of what we want to achieve .
For example , have you ever been in an argument intent on proving the other person wrong ?
Did it ever pan out like you hoped it would ?
Did they thank you afterwards for making them look like a complete idiot ?
Did they go on to compliment you on your dazzling intellect , rapier like wit and mention how lucky they were to know you ?
I suspect not .
I have been a soccer for fan for almost 40 years .
In that time I have seen hundreds , if not thousands of games either live or on TV .
More times than I care to remember I have seen players surround a referee after a penalty kick has been awarded .
They jostle , intimidate and harass in an attempt to get him to change his mind .
The really weird thing is that I have NEVER seen a referee do a volte - face .
Never heard of one saying , “ Thanks for pointing out that I have the visual acuity of a mole guys .
Now I think about it I think you may be right and the ball was out of play before the tackle .
Let me change my mind and award a goal kick instead ”
Yet even bearing that in mind , the protests go on .
If each one of those players asked themselves what their end game was ( to get the penalty overruled ) and then realized they would never achieve it , they might save some breath and get on with the game .
On the other hand , these are soccer players we ’re talking about and not chess grandmasters , so may be not .
Next time you find yourself about to get involved in a disagreement , ask yourself “ What ’s my end game ? ”
You ’ll probably realize it is n’t to spend 2 hours quarrelling about who invited the in - laws round for dinner , resulting in you saying lots of things you do n’t really mean , the net result of which is you spending a night on the couch .
“ If you would n’t write it and sign it , do n’t say it . ” ~ Earl Wilson
5. What Can I Learn From This ?
In my experience one of the things that separates the super - successful from the rest of us mere mortals , is the ability of the former group to learn from their mistakes .
In fact I ’d go further than that and say it ’s not just to learn from them , but also to embrace them .
They see a failure as feedback .
They know that it ’s impossible to be really successful without failing a lot , so they want to fail and fail fast .
Think of any negative situation you have been in recently that did n’t go your way .
Now ask yourself “ What can I learn from it ? ”
In any situations there will be something that you can learn and if you can take those lessons forward and avoid replicating them in the future then you have extracted a positive from a negative .
Never leave the scene of a ‘ failure ’ without taking a positive from it and the good news is , they are always in there if you look hard enough .
“ You always pass failure on your way to success . ” ~ Mickey Rooney
This article was written by Professional Life Coach Tim Brownson .
Tim is owner of A Daring Adventure and if you ’re so inclined you can read more of his ramblings at ‘ The Discomfort Zone ’ .
Image by Sir Mervs .
" Whoever can best use those facilities in the public interest should do so .
I do n't think the current situation should continue there , " said Mr Crosbie , who is the chief executive of Mental Health Council Australia and a member of the Prime Minister 's National Council on Drugs .
News of the Narconon deal with landlord Parks Victoria raises thorny questions for the State Government about the appropriate custodianship of Victoria 's portfolio of public parks and buildings .
Parks Victoria has refused to release details of the confidential deal with Narconon , but has confirmed the group does not pay rent .
It does , however , pay for the maintenance of the property , a standard lease condition , according to a Parks spokesman .
" Given the age and nature of some facilities , this is a significant cost which would otherwise be paid by the taxpayer , " the spokesman said .
As recently as late last year , Parks Victoria seemed to view Narconon as an ideal tenant .
In a letter to Kenneth Lloyd , a Mitcham resident who inquired about the property , Parks Victoria regional manager Trevor Miles said O'Shannassy Lodge was an " ideal environment " for the " essential community service " offered by Narconon .
But when contacted by The Age , Parks chief executive Mark Stone was keen to stress that Narconon 's lease had now expired .
An open tender process would soon be conducted for management of the property .
Narconon would be welcome to re-tender .
Mr Stone said Parks Victoria did not " judge " lessees " on colour or creed or religion or whatever " - capacity to pay bills was the primary concern .
Set in a lawned clearing amid pristine bush , O'Shannassy Lodge was built about 1915 by the now defunct Melbourne Metropolitan Board of Works to house engineers building the nearby O'Shannassy dam .
It was later transformed into a special retreat for Board of Works commissioners .
A short history of the lodge recalls " hints of controversy over what some saw as a costly luxury " for MMBW chiefs .
So luxurious was it that Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip stayed there for a few days during a royal visit in 1954 , the Queen in room 10 and the Prince in an adjoining room .
Yet , tucked away behind a locked gate and up a five - kilometre bush track , the lodge is all but unknown to the wider community .
Signs around the property make it clear the public is not welcome .
In an agreement with Narconon , Parks Victoria would last week allow a photographer from The Age access , but not a reporter .
In the dying days of the MMBW , O'Shannassy Lodge was let to a company , Victorian Snow Resorts Pty Ltd , which transferred the lease to Narconon in the early 2000s with the approval of the state government .
Narconon is contentious in drug rehab circles , employing detoxification treatments including extended periods for clients in sauna baths .
Critics have slammed the program as little more than a predatory front for the Church of Scientology .
Narconon would not be interviewed by The Age and did not respond to written questions .
Mitcham resident Kenneth Lloyd has run a one - man campaign for years against exclusive private use of public bushland around Warburton .
" My concern is that public assets should not be made available for the exclusive commercial use of private entities , " he said .
Warburton historian Ellena Biggs backed the call for the lodge to be opened for public use .
She said the Yarra Valley was increasingly popular for tourists , cyclists and bushwalkers and the lodge would be an ideal location for visitor accommodation .
Ms Briggs said the property seemed to be guarded by staff who were " intimidating " to curious passers - by .
Loading Opposition scrutiny of government spokesman David Davis called on the government to " come clean " on the financial arrangements " that are effectively blocking public access to the heritage O'Shannassy Lodge " .
" The Brumby Government and Parks Victoria appears not to have understood their obligation as custodians of O'Shannassy Lodge on behalf of Victorians , " Mr Davis said .
Claim : List catalogs books banned from the Wasilla , Alaska , public library by Mayor Sarah Palin .
Status : False .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , September 2008 ]
This is the list of books Palin tried to have banned .
As many of you will notice it is a hit parade for book burners .
This is the list of books Palin tried to have banned .
As many of you will notice it is a hit parade for book burners .
This information is taken from the official minutes of the Wasilla Library Board .
When the librarian refused to ban the books , Palin tried to get her fired .
A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L’Engle
Annie on My Mind by Nancy Garden
As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner
Blubber by Judy Blume
Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
Bridge to Terabithia by Katherine Paterson
Canterbury Tales by Chaucer
Carrie by Stephen King
Catch - 22 by Joseph Heller
Christine by Stephen King
Confessions by Jean - Jacques Rousseau
Cujo by Stephen King
Curses , Hexes , and Spells by Daniel Cohen
Daddy ’s Roommate by Michael Willhoite
Day No Pigs Would Die by Robert Peck
Death of a Salesman by Arthur Miller
Decameron by Boccaccio
East of Eden by John Steinbeck
Fallen Angels by Walter Myers
Fanny Hill ( Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure ) by John Cleland
Flowers For Algernon by Daniel Keyes
Forever by Judy Blume
Grendel by John Champlin Gardner
Halloween ABC by Eve Merriam
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer ’s Stone by J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Prizoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling
Have to Go by Robert Munsch
Heather Has Two Mommies by Leslea Newman
How to Eat Fried Worms by Thomas Rockwell
Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings by Maya Angelou
Impressions edited by Jack Booth
In the Night Kitchen by Maurice Sendak
It ’s Okay if You Do n’t Love Me by Norma Klein
James and the Giant Peach by Roald Dahl
Lady Chatterley ’s Lover by D.H. Lawrence
Leaves of Grass by Walt Whitman
Little Red Riding Hood by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm
Lord of the Flies by William Golding
Love is One of the Choices by Norma Klein
Lysistrata by Aristophanes
More Scary Stories in the Dark by Alvin Schwartz
My Brother Sam Is Dead by James Lincoln Collier and Christopher Collier
My House by Nikki Giovanni
My Friend Flicka by Mary O’Hara
Night Chills by Dean Koontz
Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck
On My Honor by Marion Dane Bauer
One Day in The Life of Ivan Denisovich by Alexander Solzhenitsyn
One Flew Over The Cuckoo ’s Nest by Ken Kesey
One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Ordinary People by Judith Guest
Our Bodies , Ourselves by Boston Women ’s Health Collective
Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy
Revolting Rhymes by Roald Dahl
Scary Stories 3 : More Tales to Chill Your Bones by Alvin Schwartz
Scary Stories in the Dark by Alvin Schwartz
Separate Peace by John Knowles
Silas Marner by George Eliot
Slaughterhouse - Five by Kurt Vonnegut , Jr.
Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
The Bastard by John Jakes
The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger
The Chocolate War by Robert Cormier
The Color Purple by Alice Walker
The Devil ’s Alternative by Frederick Forsyth
The Figure in the Shadows by John Bellairs
The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck
The Great Gilly Hopkins by Katherine Paterson
The Handmaid ’s Tale by Margaret Atwood
The Headless Cupid by Zilpha Snyder
The Learning Tree by Gordon Parks
The Living Bible by William C. Bower
The Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare
The New Teenage Body Book by Kathy McCoy and Charles Wibbelsman
The Pigman by Paul Zindel
The Seduction of Peter S. by Lawrence Sanders
The Shining by Stephen King
The Witches by Roald Dahl
The Witches of Worm by Zilpha Snyder
Then Again , Maybe I Wo n’t by Judy Blume
To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee
Twelfth Night by William Shakespeare
Webster ’s Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary by the Merriam - Webster Editorial Staff
Witches , Pumpkins , and Grinning Ghosts : The Story of the Halloween Symbols by Edna Barth
Origins :
One of the many political rumors swirling around Alaska governor Sarah Palin after her selection as the 2008 Republican vice - presidential nominee had to do with the subject of books :
That during her tenure as the mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , she had wanted to remove certain books from the city ’s public library , or had tried to have some books censored , or had banned a lengthy list of books ( as reproduced above ) .
According to the Anchorage Daily News , around the time Sarah Palin first assumed the mayorship of Wasilla back in 1996 , she initiated some speculative discussions with the city ’s librarian about the possibility of removing some “ objectionable ” books from the public library :
In December 1996 , [ city librarian Mary Ellen ]
Emmons told her hometown newspaper , the Frontiersman , that Palin three times asked her — starting before In December 1996 , [ city librarian Mary Ellen ]
Emmons told her hometown newspaper , the Frontiersman , that Palin three times asked her — starting before she was sworn in — about possibly removing objectionable books from the library if the need arose .
When the matter came up for the second time in October 1996 , during a City Council meeting , Anne Kilkenny , a Wasilla housewife who often attends council meetings , was there .
Like many Alaskans , Kilkenny calls the governor by her first name .
“ Sarah said to Mary Ellen , ‘ What would your response be if I asked you to remove some books from the collection ? ” Kilkenny said .
“ I was shocked .
Mary Ellen sat up straight and said something along the line of , ‘ The books in the Wasilla Library collection were selected on the basis of national selection criteria for libraries of this size , and I would absolutely resist all efforts to ban books . ' ”
Palin did n’t mention specific books at that meeting , Kilkenny said .
Palin herself , questioned at the time , called her inquiries rhetorical and simply part of a policy discussion with a department head “ about understanding and following administration agendas , ” according to the Frontiersman article .
According to that same article , no evidence has been uncovered that any books were actually censored or removed from Wasilla ’s library as a result of these discussions :
Were any books censored [ or ] banned ?
June Pinell - Stephens , chairwoman of the Alaska Library Association ’s Intellectual Freedom Committee since 1984 , checked her files and came up empty - handed .
Were any books censored [ or ] banned ?
June Pinell - Stephens , chairwoman of the Alaska Library Association ’s Intellectual Freedom Committee since 1984 , checked her files and came up empty - handed .
Pinell - Stephens also had no record of any phone conversations with Emmons about the issue back then .
Emmons was president of the Alaska Library Association at the time .
Given that , as yet , there is no documentation of any books having been banished from the Wasilla library by Mayor Palin , or even of which books she may have had in mind when she broached the subject , whence comes the considerable register of tomes now being circulated as “ the list of books Palin tried to have banned ” ?
The purging of the selections enumerated here from a public library would surely outrage any educator or book lover , with the listing including classics of literature by authors from William Shakespeare to William Faulkner , works by popular contemporary writers such as Stephen King and J.K.
Rowling , and even such seemingly bland reference works as Webster ’s Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary .
One obvious clue that this list must have been cobbled together from some source other than discussions that may have taken place in Wasilla in 1996 is that several of its entries ( most notably the books in J.K. Rowling ’s popular Harry Potter series , which began in 1997 ) had n’t yet been published back then .
In fact , versions of this list have been circulating since at least as far back as 1998 , and is actually a catch - all collection of titles said to be “ books banned at one time or another in the United States . ”
Political debate over why Mayor Palin was inquiring about banning books has become a major presidential campaign issue in 2008 , with different parties involved in the dispute providing conflicting information :
Taylor Griffin , a spokesman for the McCain campaign , said that Palin asked the head librarian , Mary Ellen Emmons , on three occasions how she would react to attempts at banning books .
He said the questions , in the fall of 1996 , were hypothetical and entirely appropriate .
He said a patron had asked the library to remove a title the year before and the mayor wanted to understand how such disputes were handled .
Taylor Griffin , a spokesman for the McCain campaign , said that Palin asked the head librarian , Mary Ellen Emmons , on three occasions how she would react to attempts at banning books .
He said the questions , in the fall of 1996 , were hypothetical and entirely appropriate .
He said a patron had asked the library to remove a title the year before and the mayor wanted to understand how such disputes were handled .
Records on the city ’s Web site , however , do not show any books were challenged in Wasilla in the 10 years before Palin took office .
Palin notified Emmons she would be fired in January 1997 because the mayor did n’t feel she had the librarian ’s “ full support . ”
Emmons was reinstated the next day after public outcry , according to newspaper reports at the time .
Last updated : 12 September 2008
Sources :
Burke , Garance .
“ GOP Campaign Downplays Palin Book - Banning Inquiry . ”
Associated Press. 12 September 2008 .
White , Rindi .
“ Palin Pressured Wasilla Librarian . ”
But if you want to have a military buildup  and we need one now , desperately  that ’s usually a reason to raise taxes , not cut them .
Under the current president , we have had the same story .
As income tax receipts fell , military and other spending rose rapidly .
Again , this spending was justified as far as I ’m concerned .
But we have been left with immense deficits and a doubled national debt as President Bush enters his final months in office .
Mr. McCain wants to extend many of President Bush ’s income tax cuts and to reduce taxes on corporations .
But the facts of life are that we have a large budget deficit , even though some other nations have even larger deficits as percentages of gross domestic product .
We have to pay interest on it .
As a people and a nation , we owe this money in large part to foreigners  and that can have political implications .
The facts of life are that federal spending is almost all untouchable : the military , Social Security , Medicare , interest on the debt , pensions .
The discretionary part is tiny .
Every category of federal spending is likely to grow .
This means that if we do n’t raise taxes , if we keep doing what we ’re doing , the immense deficits and debt will not go away  and will probably grow .
The question is simply this :
Do we want to step up to the plate like responsible people 
I hate to say this , but the last responsible people who actually did this were named Bill and Bob ( Clinton and Rubin )  and shoulder our responsibilities ?
Or do we just kick the can down the road a bit and leave the mess for our children and their children ?
And if we do raise taxes , should people who are barely getting by pay them or should people who are getting by very nicely pay them ?
I do n’t like taxing rich people or anyone I like .
But our government  run by the people we elected  needs the revenue .
Do we pay it or do we make our children pay it ?
Dwight D. Eisenhower  and Bill Clinton  knew the answer :
You behave responsibly and balance the budget except in rare circumstances .
Somehow , Republicans ( and I am a Republican ) have forgotten this basic lesson of adulthood .
Maybe Senator McCain is grown up enough to remind us of the real urgency of personal and national responsibility .
Or maybe not .
I remember pretty clearly my shock over the attacks of 9/11 , not because they happened , but because somewhere around 4:00 PM on the same day , politicians were already lining up in front of the cameras to share their thoughts with the public about what should be done to prevent such an attack from occurring .
To a man , the ideas involved separating the general public from its freedom .
By the time the first commercial flight resumed , the FAA had not only banned plastic cutlery but was also scoffing at the very idea that pilots should be armed .
Most disheartening was the credulity offered to the very same bureaucrats who were unable to prevent the attacks .
So , within a few days of the attacks , the FBI was already installing their “ carnivore ” units in various ISPs .
FISA , though not yet passed , was essentially enforced and the PATRIOT Act , written long before the attacks were planned , was hastily brought before Congress and passed with little debate and only a smattering of dissent .
Virtually every solution presented by our “ representatives ” involved limiting the freedoms of all of us .
There really are n't words strong enough to condemn people who would punish innocent people for their own shortcomings .
However , “ monster ” will do here .
They are monsters , with all of the requisite gnashing of teeth and destruction one expects from monsters .
It is n't necessary to rehash the events of seven years ago in great detail .
The point is , we should easily recognize a load of horse manure by now .
You do n't have to be a scholar of U.S. history or an equestrian enthusiast to recognize a pattern .
Saddam Husein could assemble a nuclear or biological attack within 75 minutes ….. oh … well … that was n't quite true but are n't you glad we 've maimed and killed millions to keep you safe ?
The innocent people we stripped of their liberties are just part of the costs to maintain a safe society .
Or so we 're told .
And now here comes ye another crisis !
To the thanks of potential bomb fodder all over the middle east , the central planners here in the U.S. have decimated the dollar as part of their alleged attempt to prop up the U.S. economy in the aftermath of the attacks of 2001 .
If you 'll recall , shortly after the attacks , George W. Bush 's monstrous advice was that we stop grieving immediately and rush out to the nearest Walmart and buy something , anything .
It was our patriotic duty , after all , to pretend that our government was actually competent , leave all the decisions to them and keep this economy going .
Do not save , be a spendthrift .
Such times call for a shopping spree !
To further assuage the populace concerned over a slump in housing starts , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac corporations were “ reformed ” .
It was alleged that this would mitigate downstream risks to the economy while continuing to ensure that everyone had an opportunity to achieve the “ American dream of home ownership ” , whether they could afford it or not .
Banks and lending institutions were told not to worry about credit ratings and employment histories .
Between the two corporations , they would have a buyer for their sub - prime loans on Wall Street .
Normally , risky loans would be hard to re-sell .
Now , the message was , “ make all the risky loans you want to make because you 'll always have a market for them . ”
It had the desired effect .
I have talked to several mortgage professionals in the past decade who told me that commonly the only requirement for loan approval was detecting the presence of condensation on a reflective device .
The last mortgage I received was in 2000 and at the time it was still common practice for an underwriter to work with you to ensure that there were no problems with your credit .
Credit histories were put under a microscope .
This was especially true if you were seeking a low interest rate .
On top of the incentive to make bad loans , the Fed kept interest rates low .
This had the effect of pumping huge amounts of cash into the system which was not earned or saved by anyone .
It was merely created into existence by the millions of debt instruments generated during the resultant housing boom .
Well , now we 're seeing the result of what Alan Greenspan once called “ irrational exuberance ” – though he was speaking of a different bubble at the time .
This is not to say that there were n't any responsible banks .
There were some banks which refused to make risky loans .
I also do n't mean to imply that the housing bubble only started when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were “ reformed ” .
The bubble was already showing signs of bursting in 2001 .
But the actions taken in 2003 prolonged the inevitable .
They also have had the unfortunate effect of turning what may have only been a modest correction into one that could take down a good number of companies whose corporate officers threw all caution to the wind and their investors with them .
Obviously they were of the mind that there could be no bad consequences for their actions .
Heaven forbid that somebody other than their own personal acquaintances are able to benefit from their poor decisions .
Now come the monsters in their best suits ( friendly with those afore - mentioned company officers ) and with their best method - acting skills on display ( We 're Doomed !
Run for your lives ! ) , to tell us that we must listen to them because only they know how to get us out of this mess .
How , you ask ?
Well , by giving up more of our freedoms , of course .
Now , I was raised to believe that there was no such thing as a dumb question but I have come to the conclusion that there is at least one exception to that rule .
When the question is “ what 's your solution ? ” and it is directed at an agent of the State who 's just proclaimed an emergency , then it is truly a dumb question .
There is only one answer to that question and no matter what flowery prose emanates from the agent 's mouth , it always equates to “ give me more power and accept less freedom . ”
There are no exceptions to the saying , “ You can dress up a pig and put lipstick on it , but it is still a pig . ”
So , after the disappearance of four major investment firms , one giant insurance company , two pseudo - private mortgage institutions and several hasty mergers into this crisis , the number of dollars required to keep the whole business afloat cannot even be calculated by anyone claiming expertise .
The same people who sat in front of the Congressional Finance and Banking Committees and swore up and down that the economy was sound , are now saying that the situation has gone completely out of control .
Well , is n't that odd ?
That was rhetorical .
No , it is n't odd .
It is par for the course .
The only reasonable conclusions one can draw from this is that these “ experts ” who run our monetary system ( and there should be no one running it but us ) are either grossly incompetent , or are blatant liars .
I lean to the latter .
Secretary of the Treasury Paulson wants Congress to deliver him dictatorial powers over all things financial .
Not only does he not want any agency oversight , he does n't want any judicial oversight .
Hmmmmmm ….
Now why in the world would he want that , if his interest was your financial well - being ?
Let 's see .
Perhaps , the provision in the AIG bailout , the one which gives investment firms the power to raid their customer 's portfolios ( must register ) in order to raise capital for themselves could cause a few lawsuits .
People objecting to outright thievery do not help to make the fascist wheels turn .
Perhaps , if the Secretary were to send out treasury agents to seize the property of average citizens to pay the debts this government has incurred on their behalf , his plans could be thwarted .
Were some federal judge to get religion and rule in favor of some poor citizen , it would make things too messy .
Nor would it do , if the Treasury Secretary suddenly announced that the U.S. Dollar was dead and was being replaced with the Amero , effective immediately , should Congress assert its Constitutional power to coin money and the Federal Reserve be damned .
To outsiders dancing with the corpse of a dead loved one , years after their demise , might seem ghoulish .
But as Jonny Hogg reports , to the people of Madagascar , it is a ritual of respect for their departed ancestors .
Turning of the Bones is a centuries old ritual
The band , a cacophonous near harmony of tattered trumpets and elderly clarinets , has been has been playing for hours now .
The hilltop is crowded .
The entire community has come to this spot , some distance from the village of Vatolaivy .
People talk and smile , many are drunk , most are dancing and a little distance away from the tomb two entrepreneurial women have set up a stall selling cigarettes and frozen yoghurt .
But it is the tomb itself that is the centre of attention .
Indeed it is for the occupants of the low , flat brick structure that these festivities are taking place .
Masons chip away , unsealing the small stone door .
Finally , the sepulchre is open .
I am invited to enter with Roger , whose family are buried here .
Inside the air is dry , with a strong , almost spiced , graveyard scent .
On either side of the room are stone beds , and on them lie the bodies of Roger 's parents and his grandparents , wrapped in yellowing cloth .
Turning of the Bones
He stands proudly amongst his ancestors , introducing me to them almost formally , patting each corpse lightly to identify it .
I emerge once more into the harsh sunlight .
Behind me , one by one and with great care , the bodies are carried out of the tomb and laid upon the ground , cradled gently by their relatives .
The rest of the village crowd around , spectators to this piece of family theatre .
At last even the band comes to a stumbling halt .
A sort of silence descends .
One girl is holding her dead mother in her arms .
She makes no noise but tears stream down her face .
This is the Malagasy tradition of famadihana , or the Turning of the Bones .
It is unique to the Indian Ocean island , a ritual carried out for centuries that may have had its roots in the culture and traditions of South East Asia , some 6,000 km ( 3,728 miles ) away , from whence Madagascar was first colonised .
For many outsiders the practice , which involves exhuming dead relatives , rewrapping them in fresh grave clothes and dancing with them around the tomb , can seem almost impossibly strange , ghoulish even .
But for the Malagasy , for whom ancestral worship remains important , it is an essential way of maintaining ties with the dead .
Jean Pierre , a family member , told me why famadihana mattered .
" It 's important because it 's our way of respecting the dead , " he told me .
" It is also a chance for the whole family , from across the country , to come together . "
' Act of love ' Anthropologist Professor Maurice Bloch , who has studied the ritual , says this idea of reunion , between the dead and the living and also the family land , is key .
The ceremony is also a chance for a family reunion
It is an evocation of being together again , a transformation of sorts so that the dead can experience once more the joys of life .
But , most importantly he says , at its heart , famadihana is an act of love .
But some oppose the practice .
Certain urbanised Malagasy find the idea outdated and strange in the 21st Century .
There have also been clashes with Christianity .
Early missionaries to the country tried to stop it and today increasing numbers of evangelical Christians are turning away from famadihana .
Perhaps surprisingly though , the Roman Catholic Church , the largest in the country , no longer opposes it .
For his part Jean Pierre stressed that in any case it is not a religious ceremony , but a tradition .
Tears to laughter Back outside the tomb the family begins to tenderly rewrap the bodies with fresh cloth , called lambas , bought at great expense .
The mood lightens and the band strikes up once more .
The corpses are lifted onto shoulders , and with much laughing and jostling they are half carried , half danced around the tomb .
Every few steps with a whoop , the bearers lift them even higher .
I notice the girl who had been crying earlier is smiling and joking with the rest .
This is another transformation and another purpose of famadihana .
To convert , almost forcibly , by the requirements of the ritual , grief into happiness .
From Our Own Correspondent will be broadcast on Saturday , 16 August , 2008 at 1130 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Larry Cafiero is sitting in his cluttered office in the Santa Cruz Mountains looking nothing like a revolutionary .
Friendly bearded face .
Casual blue jeans .
Comfy work shirt with the little penguin logo .
Yeah , penguin logo .
See , Cafiero is a Linux guy .
Maybe you know one — or a Linux woman .
Maybe you know that to love Linux is to live Linux — that you do n’t just use free and open - source software , you embrace it and evangelize it .
Some more than others .
For his part , Cafiero is leading a revolution in the redwood - ringed town of Felton .
He ’s been inspired by others around the country and with them he ’s dubbed the effort “ Lindependence 2008 , ” a scheme hatched to turn Felton into an all - Linux enclave .
“ There was this Nikon ad a couple of years ago where they gave digital cameras to this small town in South Carolina , ” Cafiero , 50 , says , “ and it was like , well , what if we gave Linux to a small town ? ”
And so Cafiero met with the town business association and the chamber of commerce .
He sent letters to the town ’s residents .
He tacked up posters and handed out fliers at the weekly farmers ’ market along Highway 9 : Come to the church hall .
Learn about free and open - source software .
Change your life .
OK , your operating system , anyway .
And they came .
On three days in July they came from Felton .
They came from Scotts Valley .
They came from Watsonville and Oakland and who knows from where else ?
“ This is kind of like the Woodstock phenomenon , ” Cafiero says .
Except there was no mud or naked people .
“ It sort of went area - wide .
The idea of it just converting the town kind of went out the window . ”
Woodstock .
It ’s an apt image because the Linux community — a catch phrase for backers of the many Linux - based operating systems and the open - source applications that run on them — has a certain hippy - dippy feel to it .
Instead of free love , it ’s about free software .
The programs are designed and tweaked by volunteers who want to make the software better .
And once they ’re finished , they give them away to all who want them .
Linux is not just a technology .
It ’s a belief system .
It ’s about sharing and helping one another through vast user groups .
It ’s about increasing access to computers among the poor .
( The software is free and generally can run on older , as in surplus , computers . )
It ’s about sticking it to the man — particularly the man in Redmond responsible for Microsoft ’s operating systems , which command 90 percent of the market .
“ Where do you find a movement that does n’t have greed behind it ? ” says Bob Lewis , 68 , a Lindependence foot soldier from Felton who stopped by Cafiero ’s office as we talked .
And let ’s face it , in the cold , calculating world of technology , we could use a few movements that are powered by something other than money .
The idea seems to be resonating in Felton and beyond .
Cafiero became a believer in 2006 when he was running as the Green Party candidate for state insurance commissioner .
He was moaning about having to shell out hundreds of dollars to buy Photoshop to prepare his campaign brochures .
A party official told him about GIMP , a free application that runs on Linux machines and would pretty much do the same thing .
Now he ’s decided to spread the word .
On two weekend days and one weeknight in July , dozens of the curious became converts in the Felton Presbyterian Church hall .
Cafiero , who splits his time between copy editing at the Santa Cruz Sentinel and providing tech support for businesses running open - source software , says the Lindependence forces handed out about 300 CD - ROMs loaded with free programs .
Jason Gervich , of Soquel , had struggled trying to make the switch to Linux on his own .
But after picking up some tips and tech support at one of the Felton events , he says he ’s up and running .
“ The philosophy behind it is very important to me , ” says Gervich , 61 .
“ The idea of people working together , a world community , to build products that are useful to people . ”
A Linux users group has formed in Felton .
Cafiero says he ’s working on a handbook to help other towns put on similar events .
Beaverton , Ore. , will hold a Lindependence rally next month .
Yes , the early success pleases Cafiero .
“ Why is it so important ? ” Cafiero asks .
“ It ’s the idea that it ’s an aspect of freedom .
You have the freedom to use what you want to use on your computer .
And even the choice not to use it . ”
Spoken like a true revolutionary .
Contact Mike Cassidy at mcassidy@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5536 .
Clouds Move Across Mars Horizon
This sequence combines 32 images of clouds moving eastward across a Martian horizon .
The Surface Stereo Imager on NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander took this set of images on Sept. 18 , 2008 , during early afternoon hours of the 113th Martian day of the mission .
The view is toward the north .
The actual elapsed time between the first image and the last image is nearly half an hour .
The numbers inset at lower left are the elapsed time , in seconds , after the first image of the sequence .
The particles in the clouds are water - ice , as in cirrus clouds on Earth .
Phoenix landed in the northern region of Mars on May 25 , 2008 .
The mission is led by the University of Arizona , Tucson , on behalf of NASA .
Project management of the mission is led by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Spacecraft development is by Lockheed Martin Space Systems , Denver .
Image NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Texas A&M University
Emacs has an ancient ( predating hypertext ) , simple , powerful documentation program called Info .
It ’s very difficult to find info about it online ( try searching for “ Info ” ) , so here ’s my beginner ’s guide .
Info is an output format for the Texinfo typesetting syntax .
Texinfo is used for writing documentation that can be output in multiple print and digital formats and is the official documentation format of the GNU project .
Info files are strongly associated with Emacs – Emacs is the primary reader for Info files , but there is also a standalone reader .
Manuals are organized into a tree of nodes , with a variety of ways to navigate between those nodes .
Info files can technically be written by hand , but it is much more common for them to be compiled from Texinfo .
Many Linux / Unix distros come bundled with the TeX toolchain necessary to compile Texinfo , but Windows does not .
The TeX / LaTex / Texinfo on Windows post is coming in the near future .
For now , stick to precompiled .info files or go dive into TeX yourself .
Emacs ships with several Info manuals – they ’re in the emacs / info folder .
You can also create your own Info directory , add new manuals to the directory , and create your own manuals .
This guide will walk you through the steps needed to get Emacs to find your info directory , add manuals in your directory to the main directory list , and use Info from within Emacs .
[ NOTE :
This guide assumes you ’re following the directory conventions I laid out in my previous post Installing CLISP , Emacs , and SLIME on Windows XP .
It also gives you the baseline level of familiarity with Emacs to follow along here . ]
1 ) Setup Emacs to recognize your info directory
You should already have an info directory .
Mine is C: \home \peter \info , and from emacs the path is ~ / info / .
To make this the first directory Emacs looks in when compiling the directory , add this to your .emacs file ( feel free to indent better than WordPress allows ) :
( require ‘ info )
( setq Info - directory - list
( cons ( expand - file - name “ [ HOME ] / info ” )
Info - default - directory - list ) )
2 ) Create a dir file in [ HOME ] / info /
When Emacs is looking in directories for info files , it only looks for a file called “ dir ” in each directory .
This dir file is a special kind of Info file that points to the other Info files in the directory and lists and orders them .
In order to make your own dir file , you first need a .info file to link to .
I recommend the Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs in Texinfo manual ( download precompiled 400 K sicp.info.gz file here ) .
There is a whole syntax for defining nodes , but this is the bare minimum you need to get your manual into the directory .
First , start with the characters “ ^_ ” .
That does n’t actually work when you type it in directly , so you need to copy it from Emacs ’ info / dir .
I looked at that file in a hex editor and it had the value 1F ( US – unit separator ) – the ASCII values for ^_ are 5E 5 F .
I had to open the emacs / info / dir file and kill / yank it into my dir file .
Kill / yank is Emacs ’ version of cut / paste .
Like all things Emacs , it ’s similar , not exactly the same , and much more powerful .
Here are the steps ( free Emacs tutorial included ) :
Open the Emacs info dir file with : C-x C-f [ HOME ]/bin/emacs/info/dir
Select the ^_ characters
Put the cursor at the beginning and set the beginning of the region to cut ( C - SPC )
Move down to the beginning of the next line and cut to the end of the region ( C - W ) Yank it back into the file with C-y Save the file with C-x C-s Create your dir file with find file ( C- x C - f ) at ~ / info / dir Yank ( paste ) the text into the file with C-y
That should work , but there ’s still more to add to the file .
Next is the Tree info – at least your file and node names .
This works for your personal dir file :
File : dir Node : Top
This is the top of the INFO tree
You can put a header if you like ( “ My Info Manuals ” ) , then on a new line , put :
* Menu :
After that , you can add links to your manuals .
The format is :
* TITLE : ( filename w/o .info ) .
Summary
For the SICP manual , it would look like this :
* SICP : ( sicp ) .
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
You can put a footer after that to separate the manuals in your directory from those in others .
The final dir file ends up looking something like this :
^_
File : dir Node : Top
This is the top of the INFO tree
Peter ’s Info Directory
**********************
* Menu :
* SICP : ( sicp ) .
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
—- User ’s ‘ dir ’ ends here —-
[ Now that you did all that , feel free to download my dir file and change the labels as you see fit . ]
3 ) Using Info
Info has a similar structure to HTML , where there can be links within and between nodes , but there ’s also an explicit tree structure with its own structured navigation .
Here ’s a pretty complete set of commands , with shorter descriptions and better grouping than the Info help shows .
Basics
C-h i – start Info
q – quit info
? – info commands
SPC – returns from commands screen
Node Navigation
p , n – previous / next node in subtree
[ , ] – previous / next node in tree traversal
l , r – back / forward in node nagivation history
u – Move up
space – pagedown or next node
del – pageup or previous node
b – go to beginning of node
Links
M-TAB / TAB – previous / next cross-reference or menu item
m – type name of menu item and go to that node
Jump
d – return to Info directory
t – return to file root
L – go to menu of visited nodes
T – go to table of contents of the current Info file
Search
s – regex search , move to node where next match is found
S – regex search , case sensitive
M-x Info - search - next – repeat previous regex search
i – search for and jump to index topic
, – repeat previous i search
g – move to node specified by name – to filename by searching for ( FILENAME ) NODENAME
1..9 – jump to 1st - 9th item in node ’s menu
w – put name of current node into kill ring
M-n – clone Info buffer to new window
— — — — — —————-
That ’s all for Info – it only takes 10 minutes to go through the Info on Info tutorial and it ’s easy to use .
This is just one of the many things that takes a couple hours to muscle through the setup and online docs , then it makes things so much easier EVERY SINGLE TIME you use it afterwards .
My goal is to take these 2 - 3 hour research tasks and turn them into a 10 minutes guide .
Hopefully by lowering the barriers to competence , more people will seek out and invest in learning the great tools out there that Windows developers tend to miss out on .
MySQLPlus : A Non-Blocking MySQL Driver for Ruby 1.8 and 1.9
By Peter Cooper
Recently we posted about NeverBlock , a Ruby 1.9 - specific library that eases the development of apps that use non-blocking IO .
eSpace , the company behind the library , have now come along with another surprise ...
MySQLPlus - a non-blocking MySQL driver for Ruby 1.8 and 1.9 !
There 's more information here in the official announcement .
MySQLPlus is billed as a new general purpose MySQL driver that supports " threaded access and async operations " and after installing it and running the basic tests that come with the library , it certainly seems to do the job .
eSpace believes that MySQLPlus could be used to significantly reduce the latency of certain Rails applications , but as a bare MySQL driver it should be of significant benefit to all Ruby developers whose code talks to MySQL servers .
If yours does , try out MySQLPlus right now - your Ruby processes are crying out for some relief .
Paul 's Rally for the Republic Challenges McCain
M. Collins : Ron Paul 's Rally for the Republic Challenges McCain , Imperial Republicans
August 31 - September 2nd , Minneapolis , Minnesota Link Michael Collins
Washington , DC
There 's a bold new look to the Republican Convention in Minnesota and it's not the former Miss Alaska aspirant Gov. Susan Palin , McCain 's surprise choice for vice president .
The Rally for the Republic will celebrate the candidacy of Ron Paul ( R - TX ) for president and the broader movement of Republicans fed up with the degradation of governance and the nation under the Bush - Cheney regime .
This is a significant event given Paul 's performance in the presidential primaries .
He made major inroads in primary contests throughout the nation despite being dismissed by the major media and questionable vote counting in states with electronic voting devices .
These worst in class technologies take and count votes in secret .
In addition to the many studies showing the machines vulnerability to tampering , the name of Republican mastermind Karl Rove has surfaced in a major election fraud case in Ohio federal court .
Nevertheless , the Paul campaign energized paleo - conservatives and Libertarian leaning Republicans and independents who embraced his vision to end meaningless foreign adventures , implement unrestricted competition for business , and restore civil liberties removed in the past seven years .
Paul started out by winning 10 % of the popular vote in New Hampshire , three points behind McCain 's 13 % .
He placed second in the following primaries ( by state population ) : Pennsylvania ( 16 % ) , Indiana ( 8 % ) , Oregon ( 15 % ) , Nevada ( 14 % caucus ) , New Mexico ( 14 % ) , Nebraska ( 13 % ) , Idaho ( 24 % ) , Montana ( 22 % - primary ) , Montana ( 25 % caucus ) , South Dakota ( 17 % ) .
These totals , particularly in hotly contested Pennsylvania and politically unpredictable Oregon , must have McCain strategists thinking ( as it were ) .
It could mean simply writing off Oregon and putting even more resources than they had planned into Pennsylvania .
New Mexico and Nevada are two states that could go either way , presenting another resource demand on McCain , who trails Obama three to one among small donors .
Congressman Paul will speak Monday , Sept. 1 , for an hour at 10:00 pm , Central Daylight Time , and for another hour on Tuesday at 7:05 , CDT .
The entire event will be covered on web cast by RepublicMedia .
TV with full commentary and interviews and also by C - Span .
The political training seminars on Sunday Aug. 31st were sold out .
The featured event , Paul 's Tuesday speech , has sold 10,000 plus tickets as of early Monday morning .
Rally organizers had a special message for those coming by land : " Fellow travelers , Here you will find information for travel to Minneapolis via Ronvoy ( a fleet of vans and buses carrying Ron Paul Revolutionaries ) . "
Tickets from New York City , Los Angeles and Austin are $ 20.00 , with some locations charging even less for bus travel to the Minneapolis rally .
While many on the left disagree with his economic policies , Paul 's positions on foreign adventures , Iraq and Iran most recently , are directly in line with antiwar activists .
A report on the New Hampshire Republican primary debate stated : .
" When asked , Paul stated that the ' acceptance of preemptive war ' was the most pressing moral issue in the United States today , further stating that we ' ca n't change the world by force . '
Paul also said that the nation 's security is ' more threatened ' by continued United States military activity in Iraq than it would be if the United States left Iraq today .
--
He further said that our foreign policy was ' designed to protect oil interests ' and that the United States is ' literally fighting wars over oil . "
C. M. Paulson , Associated Content , June 7 , 2007
Commenting in the House of Representatives on the " war on terror , " Paul said ,
" It 's deliberately vague and non definable to justify and permit perpetual war anywhere under any circumstances .
Do n't forget the Iraqis and Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with any attack against us , including that on 9/11 .
" Americans no longer need be killed or maimed and Americans no longer need to kill Iraqi's .
We 've had enough of both . "
U.S. House of Representatives
There differences between the Paul movement and the current Republican Party are too profound to imagine any benefit to the Republicans from his supporters .
McCain 's staff may be worried about these energized Pauli 's distracting from his ratification as the standard bearer for the policies of the imperial Republicans .
There focus will quickly turn to the states listed above where Paul made impressive showings among Republicans .
At the same time , Paul 's domestic program seeks to sharply contain social welfare programs .
This may make the candidacy of Democrat Barack Obama an unlikely port in the storm of U.S. politics .
The real impact on the 2008 presidential election is the threat to the Republican base .
In 2000 , the rural segment accounted for 23 % of the total vote count .
In 2004 , that " red " segment dropped to 16 % .
Bush won there by a substantial percentage but his 2000 rural vote count was down by 2.4 million from 2004 .
Now the McCain camp sees a highly energized , ideologically intense segment of the party holding a " counter convention " in the other " Twin City , " Minneapolis .
They must be wondering what happens if Paul 's block goes elsewhere and those disaffected rural voters stay home again .
If Paul supporters stay home or coalesce around a third party candidate , it will have a substantial impact on McCain and his running mate .
The expected bump in Alaska will hardly compensate .
Regardless of what happens , this movement shows strong signs of enduring over the long term .
END Permission granted to reproduce this article in whole or part with attribution of authorship and a link to this article
Live web cast coverage by RepublicMedia .TV
Ron Paul supporters meet Fox News ' Sean Hannity on the cold streets of Manchester , NH : " We 're not falling for it any more . "
Did you know that Bush won election 2004 in the big cities ?
Election 2004 : The Urban Legend
*************
© Scoop Media
Automating Git Bisection for Rails Apps
Bisection is an awesome strategy for finding the introduction of a flaw .
The basic idea is to recognize a failure in a particular version of your code , find a version where the failure did not exist , and use the SCM to automate finding change that introduced the bug .
I first used it in darcs a few years ago ( where it 's known as trackdown ) .
mercurial and git both implement it as a bisect command .
While the concept is the same , the implementations vary across systems .
In darcs , the trackdown command may only be used in an automated fashion ( i.e. you have to write a test script ) , while in mercurial , the bisect command may only be used in an interactive fashion ( i.e. you have to start bisection and manually test each revision as you go ) .
git , however , supports both modes .
In practice , I find the darcs way generally preferable as it's faster ( assuming you have a test ready ) and harder to get wrong .
Somehow , I manage to mark a revision as good when I mean bad or similar and have to start the whole thing over .
In an automated mode , there 's no thinking required .
Easy Case : An Existing Test Case That 's Failing
If you have an existing test that 's failing , you 've got it quite easy .
Find a version where it worked ( we 'll say HEAD ~ 50 ) and just let it go :
% git bisect start HEAD HEAD~50 % git bisect run rake
That will spit out the change that caused the unit tests to start failing .
If you 've had multiple failures ( or your tests are slow ) , you may want to tell it to just run a single test case :
% git bisect start HEAD HEAD~50 % git bisect run ruby test / unit/some_test.rb
Harder Case : Finding a Failure with a New Test
If the test did n't exist when the code was broken , bisection wo n't be helpful .
I 've found git stash to be very helpful in this case , however .
Write the new , failing test case ( that you believe would 've succeeded before ) , and instead of committing it , just stash it ( git stash ) and write a quick shell script to run the test :
#!/bin/sh git stash apply ruby test/unit/modified_or_new_test.rb rv=$ ?
git reset -- hard exit $rv
Once that script's in place ( say / tmp / try.sh ) , you run the bisection as you normally would :
% git bisect start HEAD HEAD~50 % git bisect run /tmp/ try.sh
A Really Hard Case : HTTP Request Needed to Show Problem
Recently , I had a bug in reloading a module in development mode that caused the second HTTP request sequence after a certain type of modification to attempt to reload a module that could n't be reloaded .
I wanted to bisect this , but I did n't want to use my browser and editor and stuff for every test during a bisection , so I automated it the following way :
#!/bin/sh http_get ( ) { curl -f -s $ 1 > / dev/null rv=$ ?
echo " Requested $ 1 -> $ rv " if [ $ rv - ne 0 ] echo " Failed to fetch $ 1 ( try # $ 2 ) " kill $ pid exit $ rv fi } http_sequence ( ) { http_get http://127.0.0.1:3000/page1
$ 1 http_get http://127.0.0.1:3000/page2
$ 1 # [...] } #
Start the dev server and capture the PID ./ script / server & pid=$ !
#
Give the server a chance to start before running sequences waitforsocket 127.0.0.1 3000 http_sequence 1 touch app /[...]/somefile.rb http_sequence 2 kill $ pid exit 0 #
If we get this far , this version has no sequence bug
This script as my bisection command tracked down the first changeset with the reload issue very quickly and accurately .
It 's easy to adapt it to anything where you want to actually make an HTTP request and inspect the traffic / server / log / whatever .
GOP Attempts to Challenge Foreclosed Families at Michigan Polls , Toss Thousands of Voters Over Typos in Florida and Game the Senatorial Ballot in Mississippi
Just Another Day in their Continuing War on Democracy ...
Steve Heller Byon 9/11/2008 , 6:00 am PT
Guest Blogged by Steve Heller of VelvetRevolution 's Election Protection Strike Force ...
Three recent stories have come to light about the Republican Party 's latest and sometimes illegal efforts at voter disenfranchisement .
Unfortunately , these three stories are only the very tip of an enormous iceberg .
Before we go into details , please , if you 're registered to vote , check on the status of your registration NOW , before you get turned away from the polls this November .
You can check your registration status here with our friends at VotersUnite.org .
This is even more important if you are African - American , Hispanic / Latino , elderly , a college student , or low income ; statistically and historically , Americans in those four categories are disenfranchised in greater numbers than any other segment of the American populace .
PLEASE check on the status of your registration .
This bears repeating : Check your registration status here .
And of course , if you 're not registered to vote , what in the hell are you waiting for ??
First , Michigan ...
We 've learned from the Michigan Messenger that James Carabelli , the Republican Party commissioner for Macomb County , is " planning to use a list of foreclosed homes to block people from voting in the upcoming election as part of the state GOP 's effort to challenge some voters on Election Day . "
Carabelli , as quoted in the Messenger , says , " We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n't voting from those addresses . "
But J. Gerald Hebert , a former voting rights litigator for the U.S. Justice Department and currently the Executive Director and Director of Litigation for Campaign Legal Center , says the practice is simply illegal ...
" You can't challenge people without a factual basis for doing so .
I do n't think a foreclosure notice is sufficient basis for a challenge , because people often remain in their homes after foreclosure begins and sometimes are able to negotiate and refinance , " said Hebert .
Based on the past efforts of the Republican Party to disenfranchise African American voters , it should come as no surprise that they are using home foreclosure lists in this effort .
According to the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth , " [t ] he foreclosure rate in Detroit is one of the highest in the nation , and 62 percent of the sub - prime loans have been made to African American residents . "
Michigan has been involved in the targeting of African American voters in the last few election cycles .
In the fall of 2004 , State Rep. John Pappageorge , R - Troy , said , '' If we do not suppress the Detroit vote , we 're going to have a tough time in this election . ''
Detroit is over 80 % African American .
The old saying " the more things change , the more they stay the same " is certainly true in the Wolverine State .
In Florida ...
A controversial state law passed by the Republican controlled legislature in 2005 , known as the " no match , no vote " law , requires an exact match between the information on a voter 's identification card and the information in the state 's voter registration database .
If there is any discrepancy between the voter database and the voter 's ID , the voter will be given a provisional ballot and then have two days to come to the county registrar 's office to prove his / her identity .
There are a myriad of reasons why the voter database and a voter 's ID card might not perfectly match .
Mistakes by data entry clerks such as transposing the first name / last name or the numbers on a voter 's street address or social security number , leaving out a hyphen in a name , a typo on the name of the street or the zip code , differences in the various databases used , and leaving off a " Sr. " or " Jr. " can all cause a " no match " and thus a " no vote . "
There are also problems with flawed matching programs that search for differences between the voter 's ID and the voter 's registration information .
Honest mistakes by voters in filling out registration forms can also lead to disenfranchisement .
For example , if a man named " Robert " uses the name " Rob " or " Bob " on his registration form , he wo n't get to vote , even if all the other information on his driver 's license , passport , and / or military ID card matches the information in the voter database .
In December of 2007 , the constitutionality of this law was successfully challenged by voter advocates with legal representation from the Brennan Center for Justice .
In the decision placing a stay on enforcement of the law , Judge Stephan Mickle wrote that the law " makes it harder to vote by imposing a matching requirement that is a barrier to voter registration . "
He concluded that Florida 's law " is resulting in actual harm to real individuals " and " causes damage to the election system that cannot be repaired after the election has passed " and that " even more people will be prohibited from registering to vote " and " the harm to a disenfranchised voter would be impossible to repair . "
Judge Mickle also found that the law would likely be in conflict with the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
But in July of this year , after the state made changes to the law ( the provision giving non-matched voters two days to return to their county registrar 's office to prove their identity and requiring that voters be notified by mail before the election if there is a discrepancy between their ID card and the voter database ) the stay on enforcement of the law was overturned by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida .
Now Secretary of State Kurt Browning ( R ) has announced that the state will begin enforcing the law as of September 8 .
After the July decision allowing the law to be enforced , Myrna Pérez of the Brennan Center for Justice said , " This is another unnecessary impediment for voters being able to exercise their rights in Florida .
This is such a foolish process .
It 's a compounding problem at every step of the way .
It 's hard for people to get on the registration list .
It 's hard for third - party voters to register people .
If they 're lucky enough to jump through these hurdles , they have a photo ID law .
How far are you going to take this ?
How many barriers are you going to put in front of voters ?
How many obstacles are they supposed to go through ? "
Elizabeth Westfall of the Advancement Project said , " It 's going to needlessly keep a lot of people off the rolls . "
She said 16,000 people have already been affected in Florida and that " tens of thousands " will be challenged in the upcoming election .
" That 's the scary part , " she said .
In April of this year , three voting integrity groups --- Project Vote , The Brennan Center for Justice , and The Advancement Project named Florida " the most hostile state in the nation to new voters . "
And finally in Mississippi ... there is a new method of trying to suppress votes .
In a clear and indisputable violation of Mississippi law , Governor Haley Barbour , a Republican , and Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann , also a member of the GOP , issued , as required by state law , a sample ballot for the upcoming November election .
The sample ballot illegally places the special U.S. Senate race between former Mississippi governor Ronnie Musgrove ( D ) and interim U.S. Senator Roger Wicker ( R ) near the very bottom of the ballot .
Make no mistake , Mississippi law is crystal clear on this matter .
(2) The titles for the various offices shall be listed in the following order : ( a) Candidates for national office ;
( b) Candidates for statewide office ;
( c) Candidates for state district office ;
(d) Candidates for legislative office ;
(e) Candidates for countywide office ;
( f) Candidates for county district office .
SEC .
23-15-367 .
Arrangement of names of candidates , order of titles of offices , and printing of official ballot generally ; order in which titles of various offices are to be listed on the ballot ; furnishing of sample of official ballot ; alphabetical arrangement in primary elections .
We believe the ballot design is a blatant and unquestionably illegal attempt to " hide " the Musgrove / Wicker contest and thereby lessen the number of people who vote in that race .
The GOP is concerned about the race because while Wicker is polling slightly ahead of Musgrove , an August 23 Rasmussen report shows that Wicker , the incumbent , is polling below 50 % and that his approval rating is at 47 % .
Says Rasmussen , " While Wicker now has a modest edge in this race , any incumbent who polls below 50 % is considered potentially vulnerable . "
Musgrove 's office issued a press release on the ballot matter , part of which reads " [ Sec. of State ]
Hosemann could cite no statute supporting his decision to move the race from the top of the ballot .
However , Attorney General Jim Hood did cite election law requiring federal races be placed at the top of the ballot . "
Says Mississippi attorney general Jim Hood , " There is absolutely nothing in the law that says you can put a special election at the bottom of the ballot . "
Assistant Attorney General Reese Partridge had sent letters to Hosemann and Barbour stating that the special election should be on the ballot alongside or immediately after the regular election for U.S. Senate , based on the law and past practices .
Hosemann and Barbour chose to ignore that legal advice .
It 's interesting to note that this November , both of Mississippi's U.S. Senate positions are up for re-election because of the retirement of former Senator Trent Lott .
In the other Mississippi Senate race , incumbent Thad Cochran ( R ) has a significant lead and will likely cruise to re-election .
And , no surprise here , that Senate race is near the top of the ballot as required by state law .
With a very high voter turnout expected this fall , and with the significant increase nationwide in new Democratic voter registrations ( which have far outstripped new Republican registrations ) , and with Democratic enthusiasm running high due to excitement about the Obama / Biden ticket , the GOP is worried that black voters , who favor Musgrove 83 % to 17 % , will be out in force and will put him over the top for the Senate seat .
An election official in Mississippi is fighting back against this criminal act .
Pike County Election Commissioner Trudy Berger filed a lawsuit in Hines County circuit court asking that this illegal ballot not be the one used in Mississippi this November .
Berger 's attorney , Sam Begley , stated , " My client 's responsibilities are to the voters and the law is clear .
Elections for federal office should be at the top of the ballot .
The proposed ballot buries the most prominent election in the state and will cause confusion on Election Day . "
Hinds County Circuit Judge Tomie Green issued a temporary restraining order barring the ballots from being sent to the printer until a hearing can be conducted on the matter .
Judge Green set the hearing for 11:00 a.m. Thursday in her courtroom .
Let 's hope Judge Green actually has the cajones to make the state 's governor and secretary of state follow the law .
That 's not asking too much , is it ?
But even if Judge Green issues a decision in accordance with Mississippi law , we have little doubt that Barbour and Hosemann ---
I 'm tempted to make a snarky comment about his name , but I 'll restrain myself --- will appeal the decision .
They 'll do so in an attempt to run out the clock and then claim that due to time constraints , they have no choice but to use the sample ballot with the U.S. Senate race at the bottom of the ticket .
Anything to " win " .
Cross-posted at Velvet Revolution ...
UPDATE 9/13/08 : The Judge in Mississippi has nixed the plan to place the Special Senate Election at the bottom of the ballot , ordering it to be at the top , as per state law .
Gov. Barbour has vowed to appeal .
Details here ...
MOSCOW , Russia ( CNN ) -- Russia on Friday rejected sharp criticism by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney that its intervention in Georgia raises doubts about Moscow 's reliability as an international partner .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has rejected U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney 's criticism .
In an exclusive CNN interview , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov acknowledged the conflict may have isolated Moscow from the international community .
But he said Russia would be ready to work with any U.S. administration on strategic issues like non-proliferation , counter - terrorism , and peaceful uses of nuclear energy .
" We are not interested in bad relations with the United States , " Lavrov said .
" It would n't be our choice , but if the United States does not want to cooperate with us on one or another issue , we cannot impose . "
Cheney met Thursday with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili in Tbilisi and afterward criticized Russian military actions as an invasion of sovereign territory and " an illegitimate unilateral attempt " to change Georgia 's borders by force .
" Russia 's actions have cast grave doubt on Russia 's intentions and on its reliability as an international partner , " Cheney said .
Diplomatic tensions between Moscow and Washington have climbed in recent weeks , with Russia accusing the U.S. of orchestrating the conflict in Georgia for political purposes .
Watch Cheney in Georgia »
Lavrov downplayed those accusations , laying responsibility for the violence at Saakashvili 's feet .
Lavrov said he did not believe anyone was able to control the Georgian leader .
Watch CNN 's interview with Lavrov »
He also backed away from allegations made to CNN by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin that U.S. personnel were involved in combat operations against Russian troops in Georgia .
Lavrov said Russia entered Georgia simply to save the lives of Russian citizens .
" We acted because we had no other choice , " Lavrov said .
" We had no other choice [ than ] to ensure not just the security of Abkhazians and South Ossetians , but their very survival .
Georgia , too , many times in its history , including very recent history , tried to basically eliminate these people . "
Do n't Miss Russia weighs response to NATO ships
Russia weighs response to NATO ships U.S. risks Russia row with Ukraine NATO backing
U.S. risks Russia row with Ukraine NATO backing Putin accuses U.S. of orchestrating Georgian war
Abkhazia and South Ossetia lie within Georgia along its northern border with Russia , and have strong Russian - backed separatist movements .
A 1992 agreement placed a mixed peacekeeping force of Russians , Georgians , and South Ossetians inside the territory .
They maintained a fragile peace between separatists and Georgian forces until Georgia 's military launched attacks inside the territory August 7 .
The Russian military responded by entering South Ossetia and Georgia .
Lavrov did issue a warning that the turmoil in Georgia may not be at an end , saying Georgian forces had not confined themselves to areas agreed under the terms of the EU - brokered cease - fire .
He added U.S. and NATO plans to rebuild the Georgian army were troubling , especially given " daily rhetoric " from Georgia that the conflict was n't over .
Russia has since become the only country to recognize the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , a move that signals Moscow 's firm support .
Critics have accused Russia of using the international community 's recognition of an independent Kosovo -- a move opposed by Russia -- as an excuse .
Lavrov said the two could n't be compared because Kosovo was not under attack , and those who recognized its independence " were making a geo- political point . "
Lavrov said Russia had no plans to enter Ukraine , which like Georgia , is a former Soviet republic eager to join NATO .
Ukraine 's National Security Chief Anatoly Grytsenko said he had strong evidence Russia was distributing thousands of passports to Ukrainian citizens in the Crimean peninsula , a part of Ukraine .
The purpose , Grytsenko said , would be to create a Russian population on whose behalf Russia could intervene in the future .
" People saying things does not require me to comment on any stupidity , " Lavrov said .
" I can only tell you that we do n't need to artificially create some support for Russia in the Crimean peninsula . "
Russia seeks no problems with Ukraine , Lavrov said .
Cheney said this week that Washington welcomes NATO membership for Georgia and Ukraine , but Lavrov said that would be " a mistake . "
Asked what action Russia might take if the two become members , Lavrov said : " I hope this does n't happen and I do n't even want to discuss some hypothetical eventualities .
NATO members have seen what Georgia did .
NATO members , in spite of their public statements and solidarity position , know better ... so it would be their decision , but I hope it would be an educated decision . "
CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .
All About Republic of Georgia • United States • Russia • International Relations
What ’s the difference between the ‘ Stros and Stroh ’s beer ?
The beer has an H. ‘ Stros could n’t manage one .
While 110 pitches is a slight stretch for Zambrano given he had missed 2 starts to injury , that was just an exhibition game ’s amount of work when Dusty was coaching him .
If anyone could throw an 150 pitch no -hitter like the type we used to throw in Wiffle Ball , it was Zambrano .
This was the first no -hitter for the Cubs since 1972 which was also the last year that they were within 65 years of a championship .
Anyway , here ’s what else we saw yesterday in fantasy baseball :
David Price –
In a relief appearance today against the Yankees , David Price made his major league debut .
He pitched 5 and 2/3 innings , gave up 2 ER ( only one really , the other scored off Hammel after he left ) and he looked impressive against a top - notch offense .
He ’s scheduled for one start on September 23rd against the Orioles .
He ’s worth the spot start and he might have some value as a middle reliever for AL - Only teams the rest of the year , but David Price ’s real value is in keeper leagues and for next year .
Max Scherzer – 6 IP , 1 ER with 9 Ks. Scherzer took it to the Reds like he was McCarthy .
Andy LaRoche – 3 - for - 4 , but they were all singles .
It ’ll be interesting to see if the Pirates give LaRoche a chance to play next spring .
It ’ll be even more interesting to see if Andy LaRoche can live up to his billing as the superior LaRoche brother .
Our prediction is that their performance does n’t get the Pittsburgh faithful singing “ We Are Family ” anytime soon .
Aaron Cook – 8 IP , 0 ER , might have some value down the stretch if you ’re streaming starters .
Cook ’s usually a pretty reliable , just above average pitcher .
Kevin Gregg – Pulled after pitching to one batter in the ninth .
Lindstrom ’s still the closer , he was just overworked .
Gregg ’s about as likely to take over the closer role again as the Marlins are to having a Fidel Castro Bobblehead Doll Day .
Phil Hughes – Will get the start this Wednesday against the White Sox .
That does n’t mean he needs to be on your team .
Vladimir Guerrero –
Will sit out three to four games this week .
I told you to drop Vlad the other day .
Andre Ethier – Missed the last two games of the Rockies series because his wife is giving birth .
Will return to the team on Monday .
Why is n’t Juan Pierre helping Ethier ’s wife with Lamaze ?
Or freakin’ James Loney .
Nick Markakis – I am Sparkakis !
No , I am Sparkakis !
Oscar Salazar – 2 HRs .
Who ?
Some total schmohawk , but he also went deep on Saturday .
These last two days are surely aberrations ( Word of the Day ) , but if he puts some aberrations together to turn them into regulariocities ( Made Up Word of the Day ) , then you might want to grab him in H2H leagues .
Radhames Liz – 8 IP , 0 ER .
Not an option in any league .
Unless you ’re in a league where your pitchers ’ first names have to sound like an expensive condom .
Nick Blackburn – 4 IP , 6 ER .
His last name and strikeout totals make him sound like a Pirate .
He ’s not , he ’s a Twin and he has excellent command , which makes him yawnstipating but effective .
Oliver Perez – 7 IP , 2 ER .
So consistently inconsistent that it was only fitting that the Mets ’ consistently inconsistent bullpen blew his chance at a win .
Luis Ayala – Blew a big game for the Mets .
The kind of game that pundits point to as the one that got away .
Obviously no one ever told pundits it ’s impolite to point .
The blown save and breach of etiquette caused Billy Wagner to cry again .
Cameron Maybin – Will be called up on Monday .
Could be cheap steals if the Marlins play him .
SAGNOF .
Matt Garza – Will start on three days rest on Wednesday .
This is n’t great news .
He had a nice rhythm going where he was good every other start .
This move might throw off his rhythm .
Jeremy Sowers –
In three innings , Sowers gave up 3 ER on 75 pitches .
Or about half as many pitches Lincecum threw in a shutout on Saturday .
Justin Upton – HR yesterday that went about 450 feet to straightaway center .
I ’ll be getting excited about this guy in the offseason .
Shane Victorino – HR in the first game , 4 - for - 4 in the second game .
The Flyin’ Hawaiian got his wings back .
Brett Myers – 9 IP , 1 ER and only 2 hits .
Afterwards , Brett felt really bad saying he did n’t mean two - hitter .
[ / caption ]
The interiors of the two gas giants , Jupiter and Saturn , are pretty extreme places .
With atmospheric pressures of around 70 million Earth atmospheres , the phases of material become a bit difficult to understand .
Usually when we think of a liquid metal , we have thoughts about liquid mercury at room temperature ( or the reassembling liquid metal T - 1000 played by Robert Patrick in the film Terminator 2 ) , rarely do we consider two of the most abundant elements in the Universe to be a liquid metal in certain conditions .
And yet , this is what a team of physicists from UC Berkley are claiming ; helium and hydrogen can mix together , forced by the massive pressures near the cores of Jupiter and Saturn , forming a liquid metal alloy , possibly changing our perception of what lies beneath those Jovian storms …
Usually planetary physicists and chemists focus most of their attention on the characteristics of the most abundant element in the Universe : hydrogen .
Indeed , over 90 % of both Jupiter and Saturn is hydrogen too .
But within these gas giant ’s atmospheres is not the simple hydrogen atom , it is the surprisingly complex diatomic hydrogen gas ( i.e. molecular hydrogen , H 2 ) .
So , to understand the dynamics and nature of the insides of the most massive planets in our Solar System , researchers from UC Berkley and London are looking into a far simpler element ; the second most abundant gas in the Universe : helium .
Raymond Jeanloz , a professor at UC Berkeley , and his team have uncovered an interesting characteristic of helium at the extreme pressures that can be exerted near the cores of Jupiter and Saturn .
Helium will form a metallic liquid alloy when mixed with hydrogen .
This state of matter was thought to be rare , but these new findings suggest liquid metal helium alloys may be more common than we previously thought .
“ This is a breakthrough in terms of our understanding of materials , and that ’s important because in order to understand the long - term evolution of planets , we need to know more about their properties deep down .
The finding is also interesting from the point of view of understanding why materials are the way they are , and what determines their stability and their physical and chemical properties . ” – Raymond Jeanloz .
Jupiter for example exerts an enormous pressure on the gases in its atmosphere .
Due to it ’s large mass , one can expect pressures up to 70 million Earth atmospheres ( no , that is n’t enough to kick - start fusion … ) , creating core temperatures of between 10,000 to 20,000 K ( that ’s 2 - 4 times hotter than the Sun ’s photosphere ! ) .
So helium was chosen as the element to study under these extreme conditions , a gas that makes up 5 - 10 % of the Universe ’s observable matter .
Using quantum mechanics to calculate the behaviour of helium under different extreme pressures and temperatures , the researchers found that helium will turn into a liquid metal at very high pressure .
Usually , helium is thought of as a colourless and transparent gas .
In Earth - atmosphere conditions this is true .
However , it turns into an entirely different creature at 70 million Earth atmospheres .
Rather than being an insulating gas , it turns into a conducting liquid metal substance , more like mercury , “ only less reflective , ” Jeanloz added .
This result comes as a surprise as it has always been thought that massive pressures make it more difficult for elements like hydrogen and helium to become metal - like .
This is because the high temperatures in locations like Jupiter ’s core cause increased vibrations in atoms , thus deflecting the paths of electrons trying to flow in the material .
If there is no electron flow , the material becomes an insulator and cannot be called a “ metal . ”
However , these new findings suggest that atomic vibrations under these kinds of pressures actually have the counter - intuitive effect of creating new paths for the electrons to flow .
Suddenly the liquid helium becomes conductive , meaning it is a metal .
In another twist , it is thought that the helium liquid metal could easily mix with hydrogen .
Planetary physics tells us that this is n’t possible , hydrogen and helium separate like oil and water inside the gas giant bodies .
But Jeanloz ’s team has found that the two elements could actually mix , creating a liquid metal alloy .
If this is to be the case , some serious re-thinking of planetary evolution needs to be done .
Both Jupiter and Saturn release more energy than the Sun provides meaning both planets are generating their own energy .
The accepted mechanism for this is condensing helium droplets that fall from the planets ’ upper atmospheres and to the core , releasing gravitational potential as the helium falls as “ rain . ”
However , if this research is proven to be the case , the gas giant interior is likely to be a lot more homogenous than previously thought meaning there can be no helium droplets .
So the next task for Jeanloz and his team is to find an alternate power source generating heat in the cores of Jupiter and Saturn ( so do n’t go re-writing the textbooks quite yet … )
Source : UC Berkeley
Defining Features :
Aliens that look like reptiles or insects ; aliens that look exactly like humans , but turn out to be reptiles or insects in disguise ; slime , goo and / or sludge ; an unstoppable powerful extraterrestrial force whose scientific knowledge and military strength surpasses ours thousands of times over ; the human race succeeding through sheer pluck , moxie , or dumb luck ; the aliens either having a single glaring weakness , soft spot or incredibly imbecilic understanding of their own fundamental biology ; an important lesson about the resilience of the human spirit .
Origins :
H.G. Wells '
War of the Worlds first brought violent alien invasion into the minds and nightmares of children around the world , along with the guarantee that any such aliens would have some incredibly stupid weakness .
Despite crashing down on Earth with super - robo octopi that shot heat lasers and just generally wrecked all our shit , the poor bastards were eventually done in by the common cold .
Wells set the stage for future lame alien weaknesses like water in Signs and the screaming vacuum of space in Alien .
See Also :
Battlefield Earth , V , The Arrival , Ender 's Game .
Why it Will Never Happen :
Because so far the only aliens technologically advanced enough to visit Earth seem primarily interested in abducting hicks and probing anuses .
These poor creatures cross the vast emptiness of space only to crash their saucers in New Mexico and have no technology to avoid detection by farm folk with disposable cameras .
The chances for a successful full - scale invasion do not appear to be strong .
4 An Invasion by Friendly Aliens
Defining Features :
Aliens that look either exactly like humans or like adorable humanoid stuffed animals ; mankind foolishly squandering what could have been the key to curing all disease and suffering ; enormous arrays of multicolored lights ; someone achieving weightlessness while looking wondrously awed ; someone touching an alien for the first time while looking wondrously awed ; long shots of people looking up at the night sky ; an important lesson about the mistrusting and primitive nature of the human spirit .
Origins :
Alien invaders do n't always want to kill us , but when they do n't , we usually prove why they should .
It all started with the 1951 classic The Day The Earth Stood Still , when an alien named Klaatu and his robot friend Gort came to Earth to save us all from ourselves .
They were shot within 10 seconds of landing , imprisoned , escaped , got turned in by a filthy human for the reward , then got shot again ... to death .
But , it 's even worse than that : Klaatu was n't any ordinary interplanetary goodwill ambassador .
If you put the pieces of the puzzle together - a mysterious visitor from the heavens , suffering for our transgressions , gets turned in by someone he trusts and is ultimately sacrificed - it becomes fairly clear that we killed Jesus .
Again !
Way to go , humanity .
Real classy .
In humanity 's defense , we did treat the Close Encounters of the Third Kind aliens a little better .
Though if that film had run another 30 minutes , maybe we'd have seen CIA interrogators hooking electrodes to the aliens ' genitals and demanding to know what their ships use for fuel and how we can get our hands on it .
See Also :
Contact , Stranger in a Strange Land , 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( or at least the third hour , with , you know , the aliens ) .
Why it Will Never Happen :
It 's an irrefutable scientific fact that a species cannot evolve to dominate its planet unless it is made up of merciless killing machines .
Any civilization with access to the resources necessary to reach us , has , by definition , gained that access by slaughtering its biological competitors .
If they turn up here tomorrow , it 's only because they 've found out , say , that our ground - up spleens are an afrodisiac for their women .
If you want to know why I cannot bring myself to call the base of the Republican party Christians , and instead use the term Christianist , a new poll helps explain why :
A new poll released Thursday ( Sept. 11 ) finds that nearly six in 10 white Southern evangelicals believe torture is justified , but their views can shift when they consider the Christian principle of the golden rule .
The poll , commissioned by Faith in Public Life and Mercer University , found that 57 percent of respondents said torture can be often or sometimes justified to gain important information from suspected terrorists .
Thirty - eight percent said it was never or rarely justified .
Southern evangelicals are therefore the mainstay of the torture regime in this country .
The only point at which they even balk at torturing people who have n't been subject to minimal due process is when they are reminded that this could come back to hurt Americans .
The idea that torture is immoral in itself seems alien to a majority of the millions who lined up to see Mel Gibson 's The Passion Of The Christ .
Since the South was built on torture - slavery , this is not that historically surprising .
Many ancestors of today 's Christianists tortured African - Americans routinely .
But the extent of Southern evangelicals support for violating one of the core moral absolutes of Christianity is striking .
Southern evangelicals always cite Scripture when arguing that homosexuals should be jailed or sent to therapy or denied basic rights in their marriages .
But on torture , they do n't cite Scripture :
The new poll found that 44 percent of white Southern vangelicals rely on life experiences and common sense to determine their views about torture .
A lower percentage , 28 percent , said they relied on Christian teachings or beliefs .
The one sliver of good news is that even the Christianist base knows that George W. Bush is a liar on torture :
Pollsters also found that 53 percent of white Southern evangelicals believe the government uses torture in its anti-terrorism campaign , despite claims by government officials to the contrary .
About one - third , or 32 percent , said the government does not use torture as a matter of policy .
These people are not in denial .
They know what their beloved president is doing - to other human beings and to American honor .
And they love it .
And guess what ?
65 percent of them support the now pro-torture candidate , John McCain .
They know what they 're doing .
( You can buy a t- shirt with the WWJT logo here .
Courtesy of Betty Bowers . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Some news just came across the wire regarding a strategic partnership being formed between NVIDIA and a company called MotionDSP .
If you 're unfamiliar with MotionDSP , the company has created custom software that decodes video files , extracts large amounts of data from dozens of video frames , filters the video using custom algorithms , and then re-constructs a new video which combines all the new data and enhanced frames .
The end result is a final video that is of much higher quality and of higher resolution than the original , that shows more detail with less video noise and artifacts .
We 've got the full release regarding the partnership posted below , which talks about MotionDSP leveraging NVIDIA 's GPU technology to perform much of the heavy processing , but also wanted to show you some videos of MotionDSP 's technology in action .
Below are three videos that show MotionDSP 's frame - rate interpolation , video smoothing , and lighting and noise reduction algorithms at work .
Frame - rate Interpolation
In the video above , notice how much smoother the section on the right is in comparison to the original video on the left .
MotionDSP 's technology samples data from multiple frames to interpolate what the missing frames should look like , and fills them in automatically .
Motion Stabilization
This video shows MotionDSP 's algorithm stabilizing the motion of a jumpy video , again using data gathered from multiple frames of data .
Brightness and Noise Reduction
This third video shows MotionDSP 's lighting / brightness enhancement with noise reduction algorithms at work .
The difference between the original source and final output is clearly visible and shows what MotionDSP 's technology can do with video recorded under less than optimal conditions .
NVIDIA Announces Strategic Partnership With MotionDSP
MotionDSP Relies on NVIDIA CUDA Technology to Provide Real Time Enhancement of Consumer Video
SANTA CLARA , CA - SEPTEMBER 25 , 2008 - NVIDIA
Corporation today announced a strategic partnership with MotionDSP , an emerging leader in digital video software applications and a new NVIDIA CUDA ecosystem partner .
MotionDSP relies heavily on the computation power of NVIDIA CUDA technology to accelerate its breakthrough video enhancement software that significantly improves the visual quality of consumer - created videos .
As proof that NVIDIA GPUs deliver more than just graphics rendering horsepower , MotionDSP engineers were able to achieve a 500 % increase in numerical software performance after porting to CUDA .
MotionDSP ’s revolutionary video enhancement technology — shown with CUDA acceleration for the first time at last month ’s NVISION 08 conference — allows users to clean up videos from cell phones , still cameras , camcorders , or the Internet .
By tapping into the many parallel cores of NVIDIA GeForce GPUs , and utilizing NVIDIA CUDA technology , MotionDSP ’s software can immediately achieve real - time performance , something not attainable with today ’s CPUs .
“ MotionDSP ’s powerful video software is one of the first consumer applications to use the power of CUDA , and will provide a new benchmark for consumer video processing on PCs , ” said Dan Vivoli , senior vice president of marketing at NVIDIA .
“ MotionDSP ’s technology has also been universally acknowledged by press , analysts , and consumers as the best on the market for improving consumer video .
As the pioneer in visual computing , our partnership with another visual software innovator made perfect sense . ”
MotionDSP ’s software , codenamed “ Carmel ” , uses sophisticated multi- frame methods to track every pixel across dozens of video frames , and reconstruct high - quality video from low - resolution sources .
MotionDSP ’s software significantly reduces compression and sensor noise , improves resolution , and corrects for poor lighting conditions .
“ NVIDIA is leading the market in visual computing on the PC and we are extremely excited to have them as a partner , ” said Dr. Sean Varah , CEO of MotionDSP .
“ CUDA redefines what the PC is capable of achieving in computing .
In our case , CUDA enables MotionDSP ’s software to run in real - time , allowing our Ikena software to evolve from an offline video forensics tool to a real - time consumer application .
Our CUDA - powered “ Carmel ” software will be easy enough for anyone to use and will make powerful video processing on any NVIDIA - based PC a ubiquitous reality . ”
MotionDSP expects the retail version of its consumer software to be released in Q1 2009 .
Wednesday , 06 Aug , 2008 Science
Researchers claim that a drug used in the developing countries for preventing the transmission of HIV from mother to baby , is preserved in breast milk , which can lead to the development of drug - resistant strains of HIV in newborns .
The drug is called nevirapine and it persists in the blood and breast milk in mothers infected with the virus for at least 2 weeks .
During this period of time the virus is able to mutate and turn into drug - resistant strains of HIV that can be quite complicated to treat .
" In the short term , nevirapine is better than nothing .
But in the long term , I 'm concerned about conferring resistance .
If you 're talking about resistance on a broad scale , it could jeopardize future treatment for mothers and infants , " outlined David Katzenstein , professor of infectious diseases and lead researcher of the study .
According to the data provided by UN Joint Program on HIV / AIDS , in 2007 about 420,000 babies infected with HIV were born , most of them from HIV - infected mothers living in sub-Saharan Africa .
The two drugs , zidovudine ( AZT ) and nevirapine , are used in public health programs , that work in the developing countries , in order to prevent HIV transmission from mother to child are .
Both drugs have been used in about 900,000 women and newborns around the world .
The two medicines are rather inexpensive and are easy to administer .
Usually mothers who go into labor are given nevirapine in form of a pill and babies are given the drug in form of a liquid shortly after their birth .
The drug helps reduce the risk of HIV transmission by 50 percent , to nearly 13 percent .
But very few women who live in the sub-Saharan Africa have access to the zidovudine and / or nevirapine .
In their latest study , researchers from Stanford tried to better understand the issue .
Scientists observed a group of 32 women infected with HIV living in Zimbabwe .
Together with his associates David Katzenstein has performed researches and carried out clinical programs in HIV / AIDS for over a decade .
All women from the group , when going into labor , received only nevirapine , mostly for the sake of their children .
Scientists discovered that the medicine persisted in the body for several weeks .
Over half of the observed women had detectable levels of nevirapine in just 2 weeks after delivery .
Researchers also found that two thirds featured measurable amount of the drug in their breast milk at 2 weeks .
The results were presented at the International AIDS Conference by the co-author of the research Seble Kassaye .
Source : News Yahoo
Powered by www.infoniac.com
This is a conservative writer at the lead conservative Web site .
This is a woman who was a fan of Sarah Palin , and now thinks Palin is wholly unqualified to be president of the United States .
There is so much import to this article .
First off , the writer is a real conservative , not some liberal .
( She ’s been called “ an Ann Coulter wannabe , ” and Media Matters even recently sent out an alert about her . ” )
Second , she ’s a woman .
Third , she was a Palin fan .
Fourth , she ’s willing to say publicly that Palin needs to leave the race .
You do n’t do that to your own nominee unless it ’s panic time and you feel you have no choice .
This article gives cover to anyone in the future who criticizes Palin .
She was declared unfit for combat by a lead female conservative .
Also , there are probably even more conservatives fretting in the wings .
This also means that Sarah Palin has not rallied Republicans .
She ’s rallied SOME Republicans .
She ’s freaked out others , just as she ’s freaked out all of us .
I ’m going to try to excerpt this article , but it ’s hard , it ’s that good , the entire thing – read it – and CNN has more on this here :
Every year , millions of commencement speeches are given .
While some are quickly forgotten , others contain pearls of wisdom that students remember throughout their lives .
It ’s tough to nail down the qualities that make a graduation speech memorable ; each is great in its own unique way .
But in many , the speaker makes the story both personal and relevant to the students — and the times they live in .
Here are just a few memorable moments from recent commencement speeches .
Randy Pausch : " Be good at something .
It makes you valuable . "
Every year at graduation , Carnegie Mellon asks a professor to give a “ Last Lecture . ”
The concept is : if you could only give one more lecture in your life , what would you talk about ?
Randy Pausch was asked to give it in 2007 — and recently afterward , he found out he had advanced pancreatic cancer and only months to live .
In his speech , he encouraged students to follow their dreams with practical , funny advice and anecdotes from his life .
P.J. O’Rourke : " Do n’t be an idealist ; make money ; stay away from politics ; the world is n’t fair . "
P.J. O’Rourke is a satire writer who originally published this speech in Change Magazine ’s May / June 2008 issue .
The piece gives advice that ’s anything from warm and fuzzy ; he breaks down old graduation - speech clichés by encouraging students to ignore the traditional advice to “ do what you love ” and “ try to change the world . ”
Instead , he suggested students become successful and wealthy — giving them a better platform from which to effect change and pursue their dreams .
John McCain : " the passive life is not worth forgoing the deep satisfaction , the self - respect , that comes from employing all the blessings
God bestowed on you to leave the world better for your presence in it . "
John McCain gave the commencement speech at the University of Pennsylvania ’s graduating class of 2001 .
In his speech , he told graduates that all of them would eventually face a choice between passively reaping the benefits of living in America and working to contribute meaningfully to its advancement .
He encouraged students to use their good fortune to make a difference in the lives of others and in their country .
Will Ferrell : " You 're about to enter into a world filled with hypocrisy and doublespeak , a world in which your limo to the airport is often a half - hour late . "
No article on graduation speeches would be complete without Will Ferrell ’s infamous speech to the Harvard Class of 2003 .
The speech was satirical and quickly became famous on YouTube ; but although it was funny , it contained a gem of wisdom : the world will not be as kind as you think .
Do n’t expect to be coddled .
Do n’t expect things to turn out the way you think they will .
J.K. Rowling : " We do not need magic to transform the world .
We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already .
We have power to imagine better . "
J.K. Rowling , author of the enormously successful Harry Potter series , was asked to give the commencement speech to Harvard ’s graduating class of 2008 .
Rowling emphasized that students should not be afraid of failure in life — something that as Harvard graduates , the students may not be familiar with — and that as humans , our imaginations are our greatest gifts .
Rick Wagoner : " Do n’t over - plan your life . "
Rick Wagoner , the CEO of GM , gave the graduation speech at Duke in 2007 .
In his speech , he encouraged students not to plan their lives too rigidly , emphasizing that students are most likely to find meaning , fulfillment and a sense of purpose when unexpected failures and opportunities present themselves .
Barack Obama : " You will be tested .
You wo n't always succeed .
But know that you have it within your power to try . "
Barack Obama gave the commencement speech at Knox College in 2005 .
His speech drew on the history of the American people to bring about positive change to illustrate that each individual graduate could make change as well .
He also encouraged students not to spend their talents not simply in enriching themselves , but also to bring positive change to the country .
David Foster Wallace : “ The really important kind of freedom involves … being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them over and over in myriad petty , unsexy ways every day . "
David Foster Wallace gave a commencement speech at Kenyon University in 2005 .
His funny , slightly sarcastic speech encouraged students not to get lost in the mindless , mundane routines of adult life and to remain aware , compassionate , and socially conscious .
He stressed that true freedom is the freedom to love others and love the world every minute of every day , and to make choices that contribute to the world and to others in a positive way .
F for FAKE .
This video has been labeled a " Faux - To " .
Commonly contested as bogus science , we believe this video to be a hoax .
What 's your opinion ?
Comment below .
Make a tomato glow in the dark using three household chemicals and the step - by - step instructions in this how - to video .
A Shooting Eggs Production , this video tutorial could also teach you how to make your own glow sticks !
You need a syringe , hydrogen peroxide , matches and bleach !
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
NOTE : This cartoon is based on a true story entirely fictional .
Any similarity between the student in the comic and my friend Ben from analysis class is slightly exaggerated purely coincidental .
NON -
Clarksville
love
bork
bork
Statler
I have a huge statue of Kermit the Frog occupying the corner of my desk .
It has light - up fireflies behind Kermit and plays the Rainbow Connection .
I love it .
I mention this by way of introduction to today 's featured Wreck , made by Heather Haynes of , Indiana : Yes , it 's all the characters from the Muppet Show , modeled in fondant , on cake .
Awesomeness .
The Electric Mayhem is looking mighty groovy .
And ICamilla the chicken .
Say , have I mentioned that my hubby John does a fantastic Swedish Chef impersonation ?
Seriously .
If you ever meet him , ask him to say " Bork " for you .
It 's downright uncanny .
Of course a Muppet Show cake would never be complete without their in - house peanut gallery , and Waldorf .
Still , I 'm guessing even those two curmudgeons would n't find a thing to complain about on this sweet creation .
I do n't have any info on baker Heather ; I only know this cake won the blue ribbon at the 2007 Kentucky State Fair .
If anyone has more info or a website for her , be sure to let me know .
Also , there 's a nice slide show of these and more photos here .
Thanks to all of you readers who sent in the link !
Bob Gates on the Iraq War Hot Seat Defense Secretary Robert Gates may be confronting the career decision of a lifetime : Should the former CIA director lash himself to the mast with George W. Bush and risk going down with the foundering Iraq
War ship or should he look to a post - Bush period and position himself as a Washington wise man ?
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Now that President Bush has invited comparisons between Iraq and Vietnam , a parallel could be drawn between Gates and Clark Clifford , the Defense Secretary who took over the job in March 1968 at the height of the Vietnam War and persuaded President Lyndon Johnson to start down the road toward a negotiated settlement .
Like Gates , Clifford replaced a Defense Secretary ( Robert McNamara ) who was tied to an increasingly unpopular war .
McNamara was considered as much an architect of the Vietnam War as Gates ’s predecessor ( Donald Rumsfeld ) was of the Iraq War .
In another parallel , it was learned later that McNamara harbored grave doubts about the prospects for victory in Vietnam and that Rumsfeld privately urged Bush to consider a de-escalation in Iraq before stepping down last November .
But a key difference in the cases of Clifford and Gates is that Clifford initiated the excruciating process of withdrawing U.S. troops from Vietnam , while Gates so far has simply overseen an escalation of U.S. troops into Iraq , the “ surge . ”
Instead of convincing Bush to look for a route out of Iraq , Gates helped send more troops in .
The question now confronting Gates is whether he will continue to be Bush ’s loyal front man on the war or chart a course closer to the views of the Pentagon ’s top brass who favor a sharp reduction in U.S. troop levels in Iraq next year .
On Aug. 24 , the Los Angeles Times reported that Marine Gen. Peter Pace , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was expected to advise Bush to cut U.S. forces in Iraq by almost half in 2008 , reflecting concerns that continued high troop levels in Iraq would damage American readiness elsewhere .
The Times wrote that the Joint Chiefs favored reducing U.S. force levels in Iraq to below 100,000 soldiers , down from the current 162,000 .
White House officials and Bush ’s hand - picked commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , favor maintaining higher numbers , about 134,000 troops through 2008 .
Pace ’s position – favoring nearly halving the Iraq troop levels – is privately shared by Gates , the Times reported .
“ According to administration and military officials , the Joint Chiefs believe it is of crucial strategic importance to reduce the size of the U.S. force in Iraq in order to bolster the military 's ability to respond to other threats , a view that is shared by Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , ” the Times wrote .
Pentagon Shakeup Knowing
Pace ’s skepticism about the surge , Bush refused to appoint Pace to a second term as JCS chairman .
Instead , Bush tapped Navy Adm. Michael G. Mullen to succeed Pace , although Mullen is said to share Pace ’s concerns about the stress that the Iraq War is putting on the U.S. force structure .
The case for an Iraq War drawdown also got a boost on Aug. 23 when Sen. John Warner of Virginia , ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , urged Bush to start bringing at least some U.S. troops – possibly 5,000 – home by Christmas .
“ We simply cannot as a nation stand and continue to put our troops at continuous risk of loss of life and limb without beginning to take some decisive action , '' Warner said after returning from an inspection tour of Iraq .
But one of Bush ’s new Iraq field commander , Army Maj. Gen. Rick Lynch , promptly slapped down Warner ’s idea .
In a video news conference on Aug. 24 , Lynch vowed to keep U.S. troops at high levels until the Iraqi army is ready to do the job .
“ Only when the Iraqi security forces come forward and say ‘ OK , here I am , I ’m trained and equipped , I ’m ready , I ’m the Iraqi Army or I ’m the Iraqi police , ’ can I turn those sanctuaries over , and that ’s not going to happen between now and Christmas , ” said Lynch , who oversees areas south and east of Baghdad .
The looming confrontation between the Joint Chiefs and congressional war critics on one side and the White House and Bush ’s new field generals on the other could test Gates ’s famed skills for political maneuvering .
In his meteoric rise at the CIA in the early 1980s , Gates tied his fortunes to the star of Ronald Reagan ’s hard - line CIA Director William Casey .
That worked well for Gates who was named chief of the CIA ’s analytical division and then CIA deputy director .
However , Gates ’s career path took a detour when the Iran - Contra scandal broke and congressional Democrats suspected that Gates had misled them .
Those doubts wrecked Gates ’s plan to succeed Casey , who died in May 1987 .
Gates ’s career was salvaged by George H.W. Bush when he became President in 1989 and named Gates to be a deputy national security adviser .
When the Iran - Contra scandal quieted down in 1991 , Bush elevated Gates to CIA director .
After Bush ’s 1992 defeat , Gates was forced out of government and ended up as president of Texas A&M .
He was lured back to the power circles of Washington when President George W. Bush named him to the bipartisan Iraq Study Group in 2006 and then sought him out to replace Rumsfeld .
Rumsfeld ’s Doubts
It now appears Rumsfeld fell out of Bush ’s favor in fall 2006 because he began pushing the agenda of the Pentagon ’s top brass who favored de-escalating the Iraq War .
Bush was still looking for ways to achieve victory .
In a secret memo sent to Bush on Nov. 6 , Rumsfeld called for a “ major adjustment ” in Iraq War policy .
“ Clearly what U.S. forces are currently doing in Iraq is not working well enough or fast enough , ” Rumsfeld wrote , seeking consideration of “ an accelerated drawdown of U.S. bases ” from 55 to 10 to 15 by April 2007 and to five by July 2007 .
Rumsfeld also suggested that U.S. generals “ withdraw U.S. forces from vulnerable positions – cities , patrolling , etc. – and move U.S. forces to a Quick Reaction Force status , operating from within Iraq and Kuwait , to be available when Iraqi security forces need assistance . ”
And in an implicit criticism of Bush ’s lofty rhetoric about transforming Iraq and the Middle East , Rumsfeld said the administration should “ recast the U.S. military mission and the U.S. goals ( how we talk about them ) – go minimalist . ”
[ NYT , Dec. 3 , 2006 ]
Rumsfeld submitted his resignation letter the same day as his memo , though both documents were kept hidden until later leaked to the news media .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Rumsfeld ’s Mysterious Resignation . ” ]
When Rumsfeld ’s departure and Gates ’s appointment were announced on Nov. 8 – the day after the Democratic congressional election victory – the moves were interpretted as a signal that Bush was ready to start compromising with the new Democratic majority and winding down the Iraq War .
That conventional wisdom turned out to be dead wrong .
In reality , the abrasive Rumsfeld had embraced a troop reduction and the mild - mannered Gates had stepped in as the pleasant front man for Bush ’s escalation in defiance of the Democrats , the Pentagon brass and Iraq 's field commanders , Generals John Abizaid and George Casey .
Bush soon replaced Abizaid and Casey with Petraeus and other field generals who were on board for the surge ; the Joint Chiefs grudgingly fell into line ; and Gates offered a less - confrontational style in selling Bush ’s new strategy .
As the months wore on , Gates continued to draw favorable reactions from both the Democrats and the Washington press corps .
He was portrayed as a sensitive man who was troubled by the burdens of war and who choked up when talking about dead soldiers .
But now Gates finds himself on the hot seat .
He must decide whether he will stay with President Bush , Gen. Petraeus and other “ continue - the - surge ” advocates – or side with the Joint Chiefs , congressional war critics and the broader American public in demanding that the troops start to come home .
The Defense Secretary ’s decision could have a major impact on the course of the war and go a long way to determining how history will judge Robert Gates .
[ For more on Gates ’s record , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Why Trust Robert Gates on Iraq ? ” ]
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Not kidding .
That techno - wizard John McCain does n’t really use technology .
No , he just creates it :
Asked what work John McCain did as Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee that helped him understand the financial markets , the candidate ’s top economic adviser wielded visual evidence : his BlackBerry .
“ He did this , ” Douglas Holtz - Eakin told reporters this morning , holding up his BlackBerry .
“ Telecommunications of the United States is a premier innovation in the past 15 years , comes right through the Commerce committee so you ’re looking at the miracle John McCain helped create and that ’s what he did . ”
The McCain campaign has become so craven , so deranged , that no lie is beyond the pale .
When you think of the great minds in technological advancement , McCain is now right after Gates and Jobs .
Ca n’t you just imagine McCain trying to decide which features to include on his new invention ?
Democrat Senate Passes 94 % of Bills With no Debate
If I remember correctly did n’t the Democrats promise a fair and open government before the 2006 election ?
Did n’t they promise a more transparent government ?
I believe that they did .
Well , on top of all of their other broken promises and failed policies they have broken that promise .
The Democrat controlled senate is the opposite of open and transparent , and it certainly is n’t fair .
I am referring to the fact that 94 % of the bills passed under the Democrat controlled senate were not debated in the open and were not even voted on .
the majority of bills that have passed in the Democrat - controlled Senate of the 110th Congress have done so without any debate or even a vote .
a non-partisan study released on June 10 by the government ’s Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) , which indicates that 855 of the 911 bills passed by the Senate of the 110thCongress have been streamlined by Democratic Party leadership with a procedural tactic known as Unanimous Consent ( UC ) , which requires no debate or even a vote .
This was obviously done so that nobody had to be held accountable for their votes .
“ The U.S. Senate has a nine percent approval rating , because the American people believe that much of our work is done in secret with no debate , no transparency and no accountability , ” Coburn told reporters at press conference Wednesday at the Capitol .
“ This report shows that the reality is worse than the public ’s fears .
Instead of encouraging open debate , I ’m disappointed that Majority Leader Reid often chooses secrecy or demagoguery , ” he added .
If they really had the courage of their convictions they would stand up in public and vote their conscience .
But they do n’t , they hide from their supposed convictions and are not even strong enough to let the American people see where they stand on the issues .
I thought that debate on issues was good , was n’t one of the Democrats biggest issues before the 2006 election the “ rights of the minority ” when talking about their own situation .
They claimed that even though they were in the minority that they somehow still held an equal voice in the proceedings .
Remember that they kept referencing the “ rights of the minority must not be forgotten ” and other such nonsense .
Now that they are in the majority we hear nothing about the “ rights of the minority ” and in fact most bills are being passed without the minority even be able to have a voice at all .
Funny how things change , huh ?
It all depends on who is in the majority .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives will vote on an energy package this week that would open the coasts of at least four southeastern states to offshore drilling , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Tuesday .
Expanding offshore drilling has been a point of contention in Congress and a hot button issue on the U.S. campaign trail .
House Democrats refused to allow a vote on the issue before the August recess on the grounds the any new drilling needed to be balanced with efforts to promote renewable energy .
“ This comprehensive energy legislation is ... the result of serious compromise among Democrats to bring down gas prices and invest in a clean , renewable future , ” Pelosi told a news conference on Tuesday .
Pelosi said the package would allow drilling in some of the areas proposed in a bipartisan Senate energy bill , including the coasts of Georgia , North and South Carolina , and Virginia .
The Senate bill also expands drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico .
The bill , which has not yet been introduced , also would provide funding for conservation and renewable energy and repeal some tax cuts for the oil industry .
In the Senate , a bipartisan group of Senators is pushing a similar energy package .
Senator John
Thune , a South Dakota Republican and a member of the group , told reporters the only energy proposal with a chance to get the 60 votes needed in the Senate was their compromise bill .
“ I think it comes down to those who want a solution to those who want an issue ” in this year ’s congressional and presidential campaigns , Thune said .
Republican Presidential hopeful John McCain has made ending the offshore drilling ban a key campaign promise while Barack Obama , the Democratic Presidential nominee , changed his position in favor of limited drilling .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has expressed support for the compromise legislation .
He said Monday that the Senate would vote on the compromise package and other drilling proposals next week .
Republicans , who have been pushing to lift the moratorium on offshore drilling completely , voiced skepticism over the energy bills Democrats are offering .
“ We want to make very sure that in passing real energy legislation we ’re talking about real opportunities for more production rather than simply a cover vote , ” Republican Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona said at a press conference .
On the other side of the Capitol , House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland was doubtful that the closely divided and often gridlocked Senate would approve any energy bill .
“ There should be nobody in the country that assumes that things will pass the United States Senate , ” Hoyer told reporters .
Rights groups said the plan may also help expose any police misconduct
New Yorkers could soon be able to help fight crime by sending video or photo evidence directly to the city police department 's computers .
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said any mobile phone camera images of a crime scene would help an investigation .
Civil rights campaigners hope the new technology will also help expose incidents of police misconduct .
A recent video of a policeman shoving a cyclist to the ground in Times Square has had more than 1 m views on YouTube .
The clip on the video - sharing website generated an online discussion about police brutality .
Commissioner Kelly said the new service would be available soon .
" It 's a fact of life .
Everybody has a camera in their telephones .
When people can record an event taking place that helps us during an investigation , " he was quoted as saying by Reuters new agency .
Please call before attending any community events .
It is likely that they will beas a result of the coronavirus .
You can find CDC coronavirus information at cdc.gov/ coronavirus ; AARP has additional resources at aarp.org/coronavirus
What did cause the turnaround since 2006 ?
Three competing explanations have popped up .
Some have claimed that covert operations , involving the use of top - secret technical devices , are what drove the insurgency ’s leaders from Iraq .
Others attribute the turnaround to Bush ’s decision in January 2007 to add 30,000 more troops .
And still others suggest that it is the brilliance of General Petraeus , who took command in Iraq in February of 2007 , that we have to thank for the improvements .
There is some truth to each of the three explanations .
But all fall wide of the mark .
The foremost reason for the turnaround is that the Sunni population switched from attacking American ( and Iraqi Army ) soldiers to aligning with them against al - Qaeda .
What prompted that switch was the behavior of the American soldiers contrasted with that of the al - Qaeda fighters .
Beginning in 2003 , the Sunnis had welcomed or at least accepted al - Qaeda in Iraq ( AQI ) .
The rate of infiltration from Syria , primarily into western Anbar Province , was about 100 to 200 a month in 2003 through late 2005 .
This small minority proselytized among the dozens of local resistance cells , many of whom were initially Baathist - led .
AQI recruited the weak - minded and especially the criminal elements .
Waving the banner of jihad , AQI killed Americans and Shiites .
They then began to expand the range of their targets , going after all foreigners associated with the fledgling Iraqi government ( truck drivers from Jordan , aid workers , etc. ) , then Sunnis who worked for the government , then Sunnis suspected of betraying al - Qaeda members , then Sunnis who objected , and so on .
In 2003 - 2004 , the Americans were the robo - cop outsiders , tough in battle but not understanding of the environment .
Battles like Fallujah alienated the Sunni population .
Americans won every battle , but al - Qaeda always returned after the Americans left .
By 2005 , AQI had solidified its hold over the Sunnis , based on terror rather than religious or tribal solidarity .
At the same time , the Americans were learning to act with restraint , while still prevailing in every test of strength .
The U.S. military also finally convinced the State Department to allow colonels and generals to meet with the resistance .
The American message to the Sunni resistance leaders was simple :
Why are you fighting us ?
We bring you contracts and protection .
We act as a buffer and an ombudsman with the Baghdad government .
You Sunnis have it backwards .
You roll over for the AQI who are killing you , and you ignore or abet attacks against us , when we are looking out for your best interests .
Well , one day we will be gone and you will have al - Qaeda as your undisputed masters .
Drive out AQI while we are still here to help .
That message eventually got through .
In late 2005 , a dozen prominent sheiks in the Ramadi area tried to organize against AQI .
Their movement was blasted apart by suicide murderers and assassins .
The basic operational approach of the Marine Expeditionary Force in Anbar was to deploy in company outposts in the villages and cities and daily conduct hundreds of foot patrols .
This was called a “ clear and hold ” strategy .
But Al - Qaeda had n’t been cleared ; its covert cells controlled the population in Anbar .
The City of London Police said there was no case to answer The City of London Police have said there will be no formal investigation of BT over its secret trials of an ad monitoring system .
BT trialled the Phorm system - which monitors web browsing habits in order to better target ads - without the consent of users last summer .
Angry users handed over a dossier of evidence to the police following the telco 's July annual general meeting .
But the police said no criminal offence has been committed .
" They said that there was no criminal intent on behalf of BT and that there was implied consent because the service was going to benefit customers , " said Alex Hanff , one of the chief campaigners in the case .
Nicholas Bohm , a lawyer with thinktank Foundation for Information Policy Research , said the police response was " absurd " .
" A driver who kills someone when drunk has no criminal intent .
It is not a necessary ingredient of a crime , " he said .
" As for the idea that consent is implied on the grounds that some people would like a service , that is not good enough at all , " he added .
EU investigation Stephen Mainwaring , one of the BT customers affected by the trials , said he was disappointed police have decided not to pursue the case .
" I was pretty disgusted when I found out about the trial , " he told the BBC .
" I actually spotted something was going on on my PC but BT said that I must have a virus .
I am pretty angry about how I was treated , " he said .
He has since been offered a goodwill payment from BT and thinks other users may also have a case for compensation .
BT has declined to comment on the ruling but a spokesperson told the BBC that " BT considers claims for compensation on their individual merits . "
Mr Hanff said that he will be seeking a judicial review of the police investigation .
The European Union is also currently investigating the legality of Phorm and the BT trials .
There is still no word from BT as to when the next trial of the system will begin .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Sharing a bed with someone could temporarily reduce your brain power - at least if you are a man - Austrian scientists suggest .
When men spend the night with a bed mate their sleep is disturbed , whether they make love or not , and this impairs their mental ability the next day .
The lack of sleep also increases a man 's stress hormone levels .
According to the New Scientist study , women who share a bed fare better because they sleep more deeply .
Sleepless nights
Professor Gerhard Kloesch and colleagues at the University of Vienna studied eight unmarried , childless couples in their 20s .
Each couple was asked to spend 10 nights sleeping together and 10 apart while the scientists assessed their rest patterns with questionnaires and wrist activity monitors .
The next day the couples were asked to perform simple cognitive tests and had their stress hormone levels checked .
Sharing the bed space with someone who is making noises and who you have to fight with for the duvet is not sensible Professor Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at the University of Surrey
Although the men reported they had slept better with a partner , they fared worse in the tests , with their results suggesting they actually had more disturbed sleep .
Both sexes had a more disturbed night 's sleep when they shared their bed , Professor Kloesch told a meeting of the Forum of European Neuroscience .
But women apparently managed to sleep more deeply when they did eventually drop off , since they claimed to be more refreshed than their sleep time suggested .
Their stress hormone levels and mental scores did not suffer to the same extent as the men .
But the women still reported that they had the best sleep when they were alone in bed .
Bed sharing also affected dream recall .
Women remembered more after sleeping alone and men recalled best after sex .
Separate beds
Dr Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at the University of Surrey , said : " It 's not surprising that people are disturbed by sleeping together .
" Historically , we have never been meant to sleep in the same bed as each other .
It is a bizarre thing to do .
" Sleep is the most selfish thing you can do and it 's vital for good physical and mental health .
" Sharing the bed space with someone who is making noises and who you have to fight with for the duvet is not sensible .
" If you are happy sleeping together that 's great , but if not there is no shame in separate beds . "
He said there was a suggestion that women are pre-programmed to cope better with broken sleep .
" A lot of life events that women have disturb sleep - bringing up children , the menopause and even the menstrual cycle , " he explained .
But Dr Stanley added people did get used to sharing a bed .
" If they have shared their bed with their partner for a long time they miss them and that will disturb sleep . "
Gotta love the resume padding , even over the stupid stuff .
" I would n't support her if she was my very best friend .
I support Obama and do n't share any of her ( Palin's ) politics .
She 's very shallow . "
DIGG THIS
I recently wrote an article titled Voting Fourth Party .
In it I made a suggestion for people that were not content to pick just any ole third - party candidate .
I stated that if they did not like any of the candidates or what they stood for , they could instead write in the name of the person they DID want to be President .
( For many of us that would be Dr. Ron Paul . )
Alternatively , none of the above is also a good choice .
Sadly , in many states , these write - in votes can not be counted for the candidate of your choice unless that person registers in advance as a write - in candidate .
Alternatively , in some states you cannot write in anyone , others prevent you from writing in a candidate who lost in a primary even if they did register , and in a few lucky places all write - ins are counted .
Here is a link that will tell you how your state does it .
Please verify with your Secretary of State as the information may have changed .
I received a ton of mail on the topic ( thank you to all that wrote to me , I learned something from each and every one of you ) .
I am writing this follow - up because I would like to explain my position more fully based on some of the comments I received .
Many people wrote in to say that because their state will not count write - in votes at all , my position was foolish .
I will address that concern .
I am suggesting voting as a write - in PRECISELY because it will not be counted .
This holds true especially in the states that throw those votes in the trash .
By taking this action , we expose the sham that is a supposedly democratic society .
We force the state to take a notably undemocratic action : throwing a vote in the trash .
The other alternative is to vote for any third - party candidate willy - nilly .
I will not vote for someone I dislike because then all I am doing is sending the message that I approve of that person and their politics .
By voting third party , I am not sending the message that I disliked the other candidates .
Choosing a third - party candidate is a wise course of action if you do like that person , but if you do not , you will only get more of the above .
After all , you voiced your approval .
Another course of action suggested was to not vote at all because to do so is to participate in an illegitimate system .
I am not unsympathetic to that argument .
However , instead of not voting I choose instead to make a statement — I voted but the State actually stole my vote and threw it in the garbage .
Rightly or wrongly , a non-vote is usually seen as apathy and that is not the message I want to send .
I do not disagree with that approach , but I am more of an activist .
I want to force the state to take an action against me .
I want them to show their hand .
Rather than staying home , by voting as a write - in I am saying , I did not like any of your candidates .
Imagine if we all did it ?
Then where would they be ?
How would they legitimize the theft ?
How would they claim that the people had a choice ?
Imagine if the 49 % or more who do not vote all instead wrote in a name .
Imagine seeing that McCain got 25 % of the vote , Obama received 25 % and 49 % voted for " other . "
Would n't that be a stronger message ?
The government grabs our children as early as possible and teaches them their version of history ; they teach them their version of democracy .
They pretend you have a choice so that you will not complain .
After all , you voted for a candidate , right ?
You had your democratic moment .
Well , I do not recognize " your money or your life " as a choice .
I choose instead to vote the way I want and to make the state take the action of tearing up my vote .
Then I can proudly say , I did vote , but the state stopped me because it was too frightened of my ability to choose , so this mess is your fault .
If you agree to play in a rigged game , how can you complain when you are swindled ?
You chose to participate .
Well , this game is as rigged as it gets .
I will not play .
However , rather than staying home , I choose to make the state show one of its cards .
Again , imagine if we all did it ?
The game would collapse .
It needs willing participants to give it the air of legitimacy it needs .
Without that , well , the people might see that they really do not have any choice in this supposedly representative Republic and the most basic right , the right to vote , is finally seen as an illusion .
Many states such as Texas , where your write - in vote will be " ignored , " ( as told to me by the Secretary of State 's office ) are really saying :
You do not have a choice here ; dissenters are unwelcome .
We refuse to recognize that anyone is unhappy .
This is akin to the way those that march against Bush 's policies are shuffled into a " free speech zone " blocks away so the President never has to see that anyone is unhappy with his policies .
We must fight these assaults on our freedom of expression .
Someone has to start saying the Emperor has no clothes .
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes expecting different results .
I will end with an email sent to the Secretary of State 's office in Texas .
Feel free to copy it if your state also ignores all write - ins unless the person has registered .
First , email to make sure you understand their position .
If they clarify that the write - in votes will not be counted , will be ignored , or otherwise thrown in the trash unless that person has properly registered , then send them this and cc a bunch of newspaper reporters in your state :
To whom it may concern :
Just so I have this clear .
If a person chooses to write in a candidate that did not declare , or register , those votes will be ignored , and that person ’s right to make any statement in this Presidential election will be taken away from them ?
Even people who vote for Mickey Mouse are making a statement .
But you are going to silence all of those voices ?
Have I got it correct ?
Only those that recognize the fallacy of the “ choices ” presented to us will be allowed to vote ?
The rest of us , who are not happy with our choices are better off staying at home ?
Is that really what you are telling me ?
You are removing the right to vote for “ other ” ?
While , it is clear that the Bush Administration has removed many of our Constitutional rights , I did not know the right to vote was among them .
This makes me very sad .
What happened to America ?
Where did it go ?
Please tell me — for a person who abhors the choices presented to her — how I am supposed to say so ?
If I must pick a person on the ballot then any vote I make will only be counted as an affirmative vote for the " lesser of several evils " choice I make .
That means I still have to vote for evil .
I do not want to vote for evil .
Under this system , you are telling the disgruntled to go away .
Please hide in the closet .
We will only recognize the people who are happy with the process .
Any dissent must be silenced .
Either you will like the choices given to you or you will remain quiet .
We cannot hear from anyone who is not content .
Would you call that the American way of doing things ?
I beg you to reconsider ignoring these votes completely .
These people have something to say .
They are saying — we are unhappy .
Please hear us .
Those who are registered in a party can say " I do n’t like the person the party picked " and the party can hear them :
But not if their vote is ignored .
What good is free speech if we are only allowed to say what we want in our own closet ?
These “ other ” votes are a statement .
Please do n’t silence democracy .
Please report these votes in total .
Let the people hear how many are unhappy .
Let the parties hear how many they have failed to reach .
Let their voices be heard .
Or are you telling them all to stay home ?
Do you really want to make apathy the intelligent choice ?
Right now it is pretty stupid to go to the polls if you do not like the choices :
So much for getting out the vote .
I guess only " certain " people are allowed to speak .
Perhaps if the American public really understood how fixed the game is , they might start to complain .
A girl can dream can't she ?
Peace .
September 17 , 2008
The Best of Sandra Hamilton
Buffett throws support behind Treasury plan Buffett backs Treasury plan
Billionaire says market meltdown is ' an economic Pearl Harbor '
Warren Buffett said his $ 5 billion investment in Goldman Sachs is an endorsement of the bank rescue plan .
Warren Buffett said his $ 5 billion investment in Goldman Sachs is an endorsement of the bank rescue plan .
Photo : NATI HARNIK , ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE Photo : NATI HARNIK , ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Buffett throws support behind Treasury plan 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Billionaire Warren Buffett , calling turmoil in the markets an " economic Pearl Harbor , " said his $ 5 billion investment in Goldman Sachs Group is an endorsement of the Treasury 's $ 700 billion bank rescue plan .
" I am betting on the Congress doing the right thing for the American public and passing this bill , " Buffett said on cable channel CNBC Wednesday .
" I certainly have a vote of confidence in Goldman and vote of confidence in Congress . "
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke are pushing Congress to quickly approve the proposal to remove illiquid assets from the banking system .
Buffett is buying a stake in New York - based Goldman after three of the investment bank 's biggest competitors collapsed or were forced into emergency sales .
" I think the Treasury will pay back the $ 700 billion and make a considerable amount of money , " Buffett said , adding that if he had $ 700 billion on the government 's terms to buy distressed assets , he would .
" Unfortunately , I 'm tapped out . "
Goldman 's shares rose $ 4.95 , or 4 percent , to $ 130 at 4 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading after the agreement with Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway was announced late Tuesday .
The perpetual preferred shares will pay 10 percent interest , and Buffett will get the right to buy $ 5 billion in common stock in the next five years at $ 115 a share .
Buffett , 78 , has frequently scolded Wall Street for shoddy accounting and risky investments .
He invested in the most profitable U.S. investment bank a week after Lehman Brothers Holdings went bankrupt and Merrill Lynch & Co. sold itself to Bank of America Corp .
Bear Stearns Cos. in March was absorbed by JPMorgan Chase & Co .
" It 's not like Pearl Harbor where you could look at what happened with your own eyes and decide you had to do something that day , " Buffett said on the cable channel .
" This is sort of an economic Pearl Harbor we 're going through . "
The Goldman investment puts Berkshire back in an industry Buffett has mostly shunned since 1997 , when Salomon Bros. was sold to Travelers Group .
Buffett helped the firm fend off an unwanted takeover in 1987 , only to see the New York securities firm trail every U.S. stock index for the next decade .
Wendy Brown High School Cheerleader Scandal
What would you do if you found out that your 33 year old mother had stolen your identity and enrolled in high school pretending to be you ?
In Green Bay , Wisconsin that is exactly whatdid .
Pretending to be her 15 year old daughter , Brown enrolled in Ashwaubenon High School .
Not only did the mother attend classes on a regular basis but she also tried out and made the cheerleading squad .
I am sure high school girls everywhere are shrieking at the very thought .
As bizarre as this seems , Wendy told a judge via video conference call that she was looking to get back what she had missed growing up .
Brown's 15 year old daughter was thankfully not living with her mother .
She is in Nevada with her grandmother .
So far the charges brought against Brown are identity theft and theft through false representation and forgery .
Wendy will be back in court next Friday .
The picture above Brown 's booking photo .
The current U.S. population of red imported fire ants -- which infest millions of acres across the southern states -- can be traced back to nine to 20 queens in Mobile , Ala .
That 's according to a genetic study by Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) entomologist D. DeWayne Shoemaker and University of Georgia entomologist Kenneth G. Ross .
The results are reported in the Proceedings of the Royal Society , Biological Sciences .
The red imported fire ant ( Solenopsis invicta ) , native to South America , is a major invasive pest insect and is considered by the World Conservation Unit to be among the top 100 worst invasive alien species .
In their study , the scientists found that those original nine to 20 queens stowed away on a boat , presumably each with their worker force , and began populating the United States in the mid-1930s .
These ants spread outward from the purported initial landing spot in Mobile .
Pinpointing the number of queens needed to account for the genetic diversity in the current population allows researchers to better develop biologically - based management practices , predict the invasive potential of the species , and make inferences about the ecological and evolutionary processes .
Because of the red imported fire ant 's status as a major pest , an enormous amount of research has been conducted on the basic biology of the species over the past 40 years , making it one of the better known invasive organisms .
Individuals from two populations in South America and six populations across the southern United States were collected for genetic analysis .
Data collected substantiates the theory that there is a close genetic resemblance of ants collected near Mobile to a hypothetical , reconstructed ancestral population .
However , the data also raises the possibility of a secondary introduction at a location 60 miles west of Mobile .
Further genetic analysis will improve knowledge of the reproductive biology , population demographics , genetics and invasive history of red imported fire ants which may assist in controlling them .
Election coverage , natural disasters , and Wall Street meltdown got you down ?
Let ’s go back to a simpler time — 1984 !
It ’s morning in America again , and the dawn of a new information age .
Fortunately , one unlikely celebrity couple is here to guide us through the brave new world of spread sheets , data banks , and modems .
In Computability , an instructional VHS tape from 1984 , comedian Steve Allen and actress Jayne Meadows “ take us on a light - hearted but detailed tour of the ways a home computer can change your life by simply using the correct software packages to suit your needs . ”
The video was originally inspired by the couple ’s Grammy - nominated “ Everything You Wanted to Know About Home Computers , ” a vinyl LP released by Casablanca / Polygram Records in 1983 .
The LP ’s completely unavailable , but thanks to Sammy Reed ’s wonderfully strange podcast , I was able to recreate the full album .
( Stream it below or download the 11 MB MP3 . )
With an Apple II , a Kaypro 2 , cheeseball computer animation and a grab - bag of corny jokes , this is classic computing from the VHS era .
Keep an eye out for references to Wargames , hackers , Boy George , Ronald Reagan , and more .
I ’ve highlighted the different sections and my own highlights in the video ’s comments , but feel free to add your own on Viddler .
Special thanks go to Dave Cassel from 10 Zen Monkeys for finding and loaning the VHS tape to me .
Thanks to Colin Devroe at Viddler for the support for their brilliant service .
Sept. 4 , 2008 -- Chemicals in marijuana may be useful in fighting MRSA , a kind of staph bacterium that is resistant to certain antibiotics .
Researchers in Italy and the U.K. tested five major marijuana chemicals called cannabinoids on different strains of MRSA ( methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) .
All five showed germ - killing activity against the MRSA strains in lab tests .
Some synthetic cannabinoids also showed germ - killing capability .
The scientists note the cannabinoids kill bacteria in a different way than traditional antibiotics , meaning they might be able to bypass bacterial resistance .
At least two of the cannabinoids do n't have mood - altering effects , so there could be a way to use these substances without creating the high of marijuana .
MRSA , like other staph infections , can be spread through casual physical contact or through contaminated objects .
It is commonly spread from the hands of someone who has it .
This could be in a health care setting , though there have also been high - profile cases of community - acquired MRSA .
It is becoming more common for healthy people to get MRSA , which is often spread between people who have close contact with one another , such as members of a sports team .
Symptoms often include skin infections , such as boils .
MRSA can become serious , particularly for people who are weak or ill .
In the study , published in the Journal of Natural Products , researchers call for further study of the antibacterial uses of marijuana .
There are " currently considerable challenges with the treatment of infections caused by strains of clinically relevant bacteria that show multi- drug resistance , " the researchers write .
New antibacterials are urgently needed , but only one new class of antibacterial has been introduced in the last 30 years .
" Plants are still a substantially untapped source of antimicrobial agents , " the researchers conclude .
The most eye - popping case in Nebraska occurred Wednesday , when a 34 - year - old father deposited nine children ages 1 to 17 at Creighton University Medical Center -- and then walked away .
Under a newly implemented law , Nebraska is the only state in the nation to allow parents to leave children of any age at hospitals and request they be taken care of , USA Today notes .
So - called “ safe haven laws ” in other states were designed to protect babies and infants from parental abandonment .
“ They were tired of their parenting role , ” according to Todd Landry of Nebraska ’s Department of Health and Human Services , quoted in USA Today .
Over the last two weeks , moms or dads have dropped off seven teens at hospitals in the Cornhusker state , indicating they did n’t want to care for them any more .
Parents are abandoning teenagers at Nebraska hospitals , in a case of a well intentioned law inspiring unintended results .
The mother died a year and a half ago after a cerebral hemorrhage .
The father , Gary Staton , told KETV - TV , a local station , " I was with her for 17 years , and then she was gone .
What was I going to do ?
We raised them together .
I did n't think I could do it alone .
I fell apart .
I could n't take care of them . "
The Omaha World - Herald reported that the man had a “ history of unemployment , eviction notices and unpaid bills – and a psychologist ’s determination that he lacked common sense . ”
The children ’s grandmother told the World - Herald other family members planned to take care of the children , but the paper said their destination was still uncertain .
In USA Today , Landry said the children were “ struggling to varying degrees with what ’s happened to them . ”
The World - Herald wrote that “ state social service officials cautioned Thursday that leaving children at hospitals does n’t absolve parents of their responsibilities . ”
As if the events already recounted were n’t odd enough , the World - Herald said that in a separate incident , an 18 year old boy had turned himself in under the law Tuesday at a hospital in Grand Island , Nebraska .
The moral of this story appears to be that safe haven laws need to be very carefully and narrowly written to ensure they ’re not abused by parents .
Making sure an unwanted baby finds a home where he or she will be healthy and cared for is one thing .
Telling difficult teenagers or nine children “ you ’re not my responsibility any more ” is another .
Since the primitive 4004 chip first designed for a line of calculators , Intel has been a processor company .
And in all of the company 's decades of processor design and fabrication , Intel has seen only one truly disruptive change in the basic microarchitecture of its processors : the Pentium Pro , which dramatically improved on the performance of its predecessor , the Pentium , by introducing an execution model that dynamically reshuffled the instruction stream for optimal execution .
Intel 's forthcoming Larrabee product , which the company revealed in an extended briefing on Friday , is the second major disruptive change to Intel 's core processor business since the Pentium Pro .
I 'll justify this claim at a later date with a more extended treatment of Larrabee , but for today I 'll cover the highlights from the Friday briefing .
The basics
Intel did n't discuss specific Larrabee products in this briefing , but it did confirm many basic details that I 've reported previously .
In particular , the following diagram from my second Larrabee article made an appearance ( in a little less detail ) :
A Larrabee GPU
Intel confirmed that the first Larrabee products will consists of add - in boards aimed at accelerating 3D games — in other words , Larrabee will make its debut as a " GPU . "
The company also showed some first - ever block diagrams for the individual ( Pentium - based ) cores , as well as the vector units that were added to those cores .
Figure 1 : Larrabee 's processor core , and that core 's vector unit .
I 'll go into more detail on these cores , however , at a later date .
In the meantime , I refer you to that second Larrabee article for more of the lower - level technical details of how Larrabee is laid out as a many - core x86 design .
Dynamic load balancing and per-game optimization
The really interesting parts of the Larrabee presentation concerned the software and how Larrabee will run 3D games .
All previous real - time ray - tracing hype aside , Larrabee will run standard DirectX and OpenGL games using the same programmable rendering pipeline as traditional GPUs from NVIDIA and ATI .
The difference , however , is that while traditional GPUs implement that rendering pipeline as an ordered series of hardware steps , some of which are individually programmable , Larrabee implements it entirely in software using a combination of general - purpose x86 cores and fixed - function hardware accelerators .
I 've tried to illustrate this fundamental contrast in the two diagrams below .
Figure 2 shows a traditional GPU with a fixed - function pipeline and two programmable stages ( yellow and purple ) .
The sequence of steps in the graphics pipeline is fixed , as is the amount of hardware dedicated to each stage .
The data used to render the frame containing the tree is stored in memory , along with the programs for the two programmable stages .
Figure 2 : A fixed - function GPU reads rendering data and shader programs from memory and produces a 3D frame
Figure 3 shows Larrabee 's approach , in which most of the pipeline is implemented in software that runs on the general - purpose x86 cores .
What this means is that the sizes and even order of the rendering stages are n't fixed , so the rendering pipeline can be reconfigured dynamically from one moment to the next to match the game engine 's needs by reallocating hardware resources .
Steps can be skipped entirely if they 're not needed , and other steps can be beefed up with extra hardware .
Figure 3 : Larrabee reads rendering data from memory and processes it with a software renderer , producing a 3D frame
Right now , games can take six different paths through Larrabee 's software renderer , and the software team intends to add more .
Different games will take different paths on different frames , depending on what 's optimal for performance .
Furthermore , Larrabee 's software team can optimize the renderer for specific games by profiling those games and having the renderer recognize them and adapt accordingly .
Larrabee 's approach to rendering and optimization means that standard 3D benchmarking suites will be much less interesting as performance evaluation tools , because the part 's performance on any given test will be largely dependent on how much effort the Larrabee team did or did n't spend optimizing Larrabee 's software stack for that particular game or application .
So if the Larrabee folks go all out to optimize the renderer for 3D Mark performance , the part's 3D Mark scores will be better , but who cares ?
Larrabee 's software stack
When it comes to thinking about Larrabee 's future , especially as it takes shape outside of the GPU market , a look at the product 's software stack provides some hints about where it can go in the near to medium term .
I 'm not able to spell any of this out in detail here , but I do want to leave the more technical folks in the audience with enough information to begin drawing some conclusions on their own .
The region labelled " Larrabee hardware " contains a micro-OS and the software renderer .
Both of these components are loaded from the hard disk into Larrabee 's on - board memory when the card is booted ; storing them on the hard disk means that they can be updated just like any other driver , but unlike drivers they run on the card itself .
This is the part of the Larrabee stack that will be tuned for specific games and workloads .
Larrabee 's on - board software stack communicates with the OS via a standard PCIe driver model , where a driver is loaded into main memory and games and other applications use the card via standard programming interfaces ( e.g. , DirectX and OpenGL ) .
Adding support for a new API is as straightforward as updating both the Larrabee side of the stack to expose the necessary functionality and the OS side of the stack with the relevant libraries .
In the beginning , Larrabee 's micro-OS will not share an address space with the regular OS , so you wo n't be able to treat Larrabee 's cores like a cluster of standard - issue x86 processors .
However , this is a software feature , and a future iteration of the micro-OS may well provide support for using Larrabee as a full - blown peer processor .
Indeed , if a computer maker who controls the whole OS and firmware stack for its desktop systems were to support symmetric multiprocessing over the PCIe bus , and if that computer maker had some kind of cooperative task system that let it assign threads to specific cores , then it could probably make very good use of Larrabee as many - core x86 coprocessor with robust media processing capabilities .
But then again , what Apple may or may not do with a combination of GrandCentral and Larrabee is a topic for another article .
21.09.2006 · " In 2002 , privately owned Diebold , the world 's third - largest seller of ATMs , was awarded a contract to install 19,000 voting machines across the ...
Senator Obama has some interesting comments on the Palestinian / Israeli conflict that deserve reflection .
Here is an excerpt from his trip to the region :
The next day , and the final full day in Israel , we spent finally doing a little bit of sight - seeing and traveling through the old city of Jerusalem .
Those of you who have been here know the incredible magic of the city .
As the sun rises over 2,000 - year old walls – walls built by David , Soloman , the Turkish Empire , we visited the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , where the site of Calvary and Jesus ’ tomb is located .
Just a stone ’s throw away , the Western Wall ; across from there you have the magnificent Dome of the Rock , gilded in gold .
It gives you a sense of just how much history is here and it reminds us that you have to be humble when you think about the Middle East and what ’s possible here .
There are a lot of memories , there ’s a lot of history , there are a lot of grudges and bitterness and in some ways it reminds us of how lucky we are as Americans that ironically we do n’t have this kind of history .
It ’s easier for us to forget and move on .
It ’s much harder for people here who are seeing everyday the roots of their own people and the conflicts that go back generation after generation .
On the other hand , as I was leaving Jerusalem on that final day and looking over the Old City I was reminded of how similar in many ways Palestinians and Jews , Muslims , Christians – how similar all these people were ; and that despite differences in language and religion and despite the bitter history of the region it must be possible on some level to have each group recognize the humanity of the other .
University activists and Greenpeace members made up a third of a secret list of 61 people NSW Police considered so dangerous they were banned from public areas near last year 's Asia - Pacific Economic Co-operation forum .
In the months before the event , the NSW Government passed special legislation so police could create a list of " excludable persons " , who were told they were on the list and would be immediately arrested if they entered Martin Place and other public areas around the Opera House during APEC Leaders '
Week .
At the time the newly appointed Police Commissioner , Andrew Scipione , refused to release the names on the list , or the reasons why they were on it .
He said : " Our intelligence tells us there is an intent to act violently . "
The Assistant Commissioner , Dave Owens , said those on the list " present a threat to the safety and security of APEC " .
The Herald has obtained the excludable persons list using freedom - of - information laws .
While the names have been removed , the reasons for inclusion on the list , including membership of various " issue - motivated groups " , have been disclosed .
The descriptions provided in the document - such as group membership , participation in previous protests or police charges - allowed the Herald to locate many of the individuals on the list .
Many of these people then identified themselves based on the descriptions provided in the document .
Many of those on the list say it was ridiculous they were banned from APEC security areas .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 3 , 2008
Aaron Dykes has worked overtime to produce the video here , ‘ Kill Michelle Malkin ’ Hoax Exposed .
Dykes ’ effort should finally put to rest the concerted campaign launched by the neocons — primarily on the neocon blogs but also in the corporate media , most notably the Dallas Morning News — to vilify and accuse Alex Jones of calling for the murder of Michelle Malkin .
Due to overwhelming response to this transparent slander campaign , the Dallas Morning News removed an article by radio host Mark Davis , who falsely claimed Jones had called for the murder of Malkin .
Unfortunately , the Dallas Morning News has not formally apologized to Alex or printed a retraction in its newspaper , instead simply pulling a memory hole , that is to say removing the post from its website in much the same way the old Soviet Union removed bureaucrats who had fallen from favor from the official history .
Davis is completely unrepentant , never mind the facts .
As Alex said on his show today , Davis continues to tell his radio audience that Alex called for Malkin ’s murder .
It would seem Davis is daring Alex Jones to sue him .
( Article continues below )
Of course , while the corporate media will not go over the top and accuse Alex of threatening the “ short , attractive , pleasant lady of Philippine descent ” ( as the Associated Press describes Malkin ) , it will slander him in other ways , for instance , Inside Edition describes Malkin as a “ conservative author and political commentator , ” while it labels Jones as a “ controversial radio personality ” who “ ranted and raved ” and engaged in “ virulent verbal bashing ” while “ on the attack , ” a comment that inspired Paul Joseph Watson to comment : “ Sounds about as fair and balanced as Fox News . ”
But so disgusting and hateful is Malkin , Geraldo Rivera characterized her as “ the most vile , hateful commentator I ’ve ever met in my life .
She actually believes that neighbors should start snitching out neighbors , and we should be deporting people .
It ’s good she ’s in D.C. and I ’m in NY .
I ’d spit on her if I saw her ”
Spit on her ?
Well , that ’s far worse than anything Alex Jones did , but then Rivera is a darling of the corporate media , whereas Alex Jones is a pariah .
This article was posted : Wednesday , September 3 , 2008 at 12:37 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Could this be the world 's largest diamond ?
Huge uncut gem discovered in African mine
A huge gem stone which could become the largest polished round diamond in history has been discovered .
The massive stone is the 20th largest rough diamond ever found , weighs 478 carats and is said to be of outstanding clarity .
It was recovered earlier this week at the Letseng Mine , in Lesotho , a small kingdom in South Africa .
Perfect clarity : A model inspects the world 's 20th largest rough diamond , which was discovered at Gem Diamond 's Letseng Mine in Lesotho this week
Another similar sized rough stone from the same mine was recently valued at $ 12 million .
But the clarity and round shape of the new gem mean it could be worth considerably more and in its polished state could fetch tens of millions of pounds .
It is estimated to be capable of producing a 150 carat polished gem stone , dwarfing the Koh - i- Noor diamond which is part of the Crown Jewels .
A spokesman for Gem Diamonds , who own the mine , added that initial examination suggested that the white diamond , which has yet to be named and valued , has a completely flawless centre .
The new diamond , left , could be larger than the Koh - i - noor diamond , seen in the Queen mother 's crown
The mine , which was owned by famous diamond company De Beers for many years , has already produced three of the world 's biggest diamonds including the 603 carat Lesotho Promise , the 493 carat Leteng Legacy and the 601 carat Lesotho Brown .
Clifford Elphick , chief executive officer of Gem Diamonds , said ' Preliminary examination of this remarkable diamond indicates that it will yield a record breaking polished stone of the very best colour and clarity . '
The find is still dwarfed by the Cullinan Diamond which was discovered in 1905 .
At 3,106 carats it was the largest gem-quality rough diamond ever found but the biggest polished stone produced from it , the Great Star of Africa - 530 carats - is a teardrop shape .
The Koh - i - noor is a round cut but at 105 carats it is smaller than the potential size of the new find .
It originated in India but was seized by Britain as a spoil of war in 1849 .
It supposedly brings good luck to female owners and misfortune or death to any male who wears or owns it .
The best friendships between humans and artificial intelligences are like Crockett and Tubbs from Miami Vice .
A.I.s can be our pals , sharing witty banter and friendly advice .
Just look at Knight Rider and Transformers .
Not to mention some classic pairings .
Here 's our guide to the coolest and wittiest human - A.I. partnerships .
We 're dividing human - A.I. buddy - comedy or buddy - cop friendships into four main categories : sarcastic , flirty , grudging or eager .
Sarcastic : Knight Rider .
KITT gives
Mike shit , but he 's also Mike 's best homey .
He does n't just chauffeur Mike around , he helps him bamboozle the bad guys and even helps him pick up hot ladies .
( He 's a wingman and a get - away car , all in one ! )
Advertisement
The Doctor may have had one of the most servile A.I.s of all time - the robot dog K - 9 who had to call everybody " Master " - but Doctor Who also included a few examples of A.I.s that could stand up for themselves .
Like D - 84 , the robot secret agent who teamed up with the Doctor in " Robots Of Death . "
He started out suspecting the Doctor of being involved in the robot murders , and never stopped giving the Doctor a hard time , as befits an undercover robo -agent .
Joel had a pretty snarky relationship with Crow , Servo and Gypsy on MST3K .
It was n't quite a buddy - cop relationship , but definitely a kind of Odd Couple -y buddy - comedy relationship .
They 're cooped up on this space station and forced to sit through a nearly endless selection of awful movies , and there 's sort of an Oscar - and - Felix vibe to it .
Sort of .
Advertisement
Fry and Bender have been roommates , coworkers , co-conspirators , and occasionally enemies , on Futurama .
As long as you appeal to Bender 's worse nature ( worse programming ? ) you 'll be fine .
I want to put R2D2 from Star Wars into the " sarcastic " category , because I always imagine him telling Luke Skywalker just where he can stick the Force .
At least , C - 3PO always seems shocked by whatever Artoo 's tweetling means .
Artoo rides with Luke , but he 's always giving him lip from the shotgun seat .
Star Cops featured an A.I. named Box , who was always giving space detective Nathan Spring a hard time for his dumb or inexplicable decisions .
Box was literally just a box - shaped pocket computer , but he was deceptively simple , since he was a rare prototype that could access pretty much any computer anywhere .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Poor H.E.R.B.I.E. is the robot assigned to look after Reed Richards ' son Franklin in the Son Of A Genius comics .
But Franklin ends up dragging H.E.R.B.I.E. into one mess after another , Laurel and Hardy style , while H.E.R.B.I.E. tells him off .
The bot even gets de-evolved into a toaster at one point .
Advertisement
Hymie the robot is an indispensible part of the Control team on Get Smart , as anybody who 's seen the recent movie ( and DVD spinoff ) already knows .
But what you might not know from the latest movie is that Hymie is kind of a jerk - he 's easily offended and is constantly saying pissy things like , " It 's the same old story .
Nobody cares about a robot .
Just wind him up , turn him loose , and grease him every thousand miles . "
Flirty :
Advertisement
SELMA , the pocket computer in Time Trax , totally had the hots for Darien , the future cop stranded in the 1990s .
Her holographic projection may have looked like a librarian , but she was always pouring some sugar on Darien .
If that show had n't gotten canceled way too early , there would have been some holographic lovin .
Advertisement
Rommie is the gynoid avatar of the starship Andromeda Ascendant in Andromeda .
She 's part of the ship 's A.I. , which also manfiests via viewscreen images and holograms , but she has her own separate personality to some extent .
She enjoys having physical form , and even falls in love with the " avatar " of another starship at one point .
The Vision in Marvel Comics may act like an uptight android , but he 's just playing hard to get - and it works , since he managed to hook up with the Scarlet Witch .
In the Ultimate universe , the Vision drops the coy act and gets reconfigured as a hawt naked gynoid .
Advertisement
Another Marvel Universe android , Jocasta , was originally known as the Bride of Ultron since the killer android created her to stand at his side .
But she became sort of an Avengers groupie , even turning herself into Tony Stark 's smart house at one point , so she could watch him sleep and stuff .
Dr. Theopolis is always giving little sly compliments to Buck on Buck Rogers , and the little medallion computer constantly acts as though he'd really like to be hanging around Buck 's neck instead of on that little cockbot Twiki .
If Dr. Theopolis was dangling on Buck 's hairy chest , under one of those puffy pirate shirts
Buck is always wearing , they could go out on the town together and have adventures !
Dr. Theopolis would be more fun for Buck than a while army of disco skaters !
Really !
He does n't have to play doctor , he is a doctor !
Buck ?
Buck ?
Buck , where are you going ?
Advertisement
Beautie is a living android Barbie doll in Kurt Busiek 's Astro City comics , who joins up with other superheroes in the Honor Guard to fight crime .
When she 's not doing that , she 's busy accessorizing and looking fantastic .
Too bad she does n't have any genitalia , just like a regular Barbie doll .
Indigo joins the Outsiders ( a DC Comics superhero team ) and seems to be a sexy fembot from the future , whose memory has been erased .
She 's cute and friendly , and even strikes up a romance with one of her teammates , Shift .
Too bad she turns out to be more than meets the eye , in a bad way .
Another kinda - evil A.I. , the Eradicator , joined the Outsiders for a while as well , but he was way less cute .
Grudging : Marvin the Paranoid Android did n't have to do the humans ' bidding in Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy , but if you listened to him complain about his pathetic life for long enough , you could convince him to do you a favor .
He had a sort of uneasy partnership with Arthur Dent , Ford Prefect and the others .
Just do n't talk to him about life .
Brain the size of a planet , and they ask him to open the door .
Advertisement
Ida is the most sarcastic android in the universe , in The Middleman TV show and comic .
She looks like a 1950s housewife , but she 's more like a mean police sargent , giving the Middleman and Wendy their instructions and scanning the police band for trouble ( sometimes literally . )
She gives MM almost as much grief as she gives Wendy , but he eats it up .
The third Hourman , the time - manipulating android from the 853rd century , travels back to our present to learn from the Justice League ... but he gets bored easily and uses his time - warping abilities to skip past the boring conversations with his buddies in the League .
In his ( vastly underrated and awesome ) solo series , Hourman gets a human sidekick , former League mascot Snapper Carr , who teaches him humility and stuff .
Other android members of the League include Red Tornado and Tomorrow Woman ( who became buds with Hourman when he brought her back from the " dead . " )
Advertisement
British scifi series Blake 's 7 had two all - knowing computers : the Liberator 's ship 's computer Zen , and the even more amazing supercomputer Orac .
And neither of them were much interested in being helpful .
The more desperately our heroes need help from one of these computers , the more likely Zen is to say something like : " Wisdom must be gathered .
It can not be given . "
Or the more likely Orac is to announce that he 's too busy to help .
Avon and Orac , in particular , develop a grouchy squad - car banter akin to Sammo Hung and Takeshi Kaneshiro in buddy - cop movie Do n't Give A Damn .
Lopez is the grouchy android member of the Red team in the machinima series Red Vs. Blue , who hates his staff sergeant Dexter Grif .
He eventually defects to the Blue team when his Red teammates mistake him for an enemy and try to kill him .
Nobody can understand his broken Spanish , even when he begs for death in later episodes .
Advertisement
The Caves Of Steel by Isaac Asimov is sort of the Rush Hour of science fiction detective novels - a tough cop who hates robots has to join forces with a robot detective , R. Daneel Olivaw , to investigate a murder of a Spacer .
Olivaw is curious about humanity , and even though he 's a bot , he turns out to be a good private dick .
So Elijah Baley and Olivaw end up teaming up for a few more outings - just like the Rush Hour movies , actually .
Advertisement
Ross Sylibus is another robot - hating cop who has to team up with an android - Naomi Armitage - in the Armitage III anime series .
But then they fall in love and Ross eventually even goes renegade for Naomi .
It 's like the buddy - cop show MacGruder and Loud .
Advertisement
The NBC show Mann & Machine was about — you guessed it — a cop who hates androids , but has to team up with a new android partner .
Good thing she looks incredible in a bathing suit ( and is apparently waterproof ) .
Does Mann finally learn to love machine ?
Hmmm ... what do you think ?
The episodes mostly revolved around getting the gynoid to go on dates with suspected serial killers and use her android body to get the truth out of people .
But in one episode , Mann 's apartment is destroyed and he moves in with the android , Eve .
In the anime Heat Guy J , the detective Daisuke Aurora does n't exactly hate androids , but his parents were murdered by one .
And he has to team up with an android partner , known only as " J . "
Do they learn to respect each other ?
Hmm ....
Advertisement
Chuck Norris has no friends because he 's the last honest cop in Detroit , in the movie Code Of Silence .
But Chuck does n't need friends , because he's got a new partner - the experimental police wrecking robot , the Prowler .
Actually , I think even the Prowler does n't really like Chuck , but they get the job done together .
Holmes and Yo- Yo is a 1970s comedy show about a clumsy , screw - up cop who 's always injuring his partners .
So the force gives him a new partner - an android named Yo - Yo .
" You 're not a person ! " Holmes tells Yo- Yo , who dances whenever he gets shot at .
They have to learn to work together , and Holmes ( wait for it ) teaches Yo- Yo about being human .
The android detective Batou has a generally pretty good relationship with his human partner Togusa in the Ghost In The Shell series , but they have their ups and downs , especially in Ghost In The Shell 2 : Innocence , where Batou shuts Togusa out .
Eager :
Advertisement
Bumblebee and the other Autobots are super keen to become best friendies with Sam Witwicky in the first Transformers movie , which is a big part of their charm .
Bumblebee is the cool car every dorky teen wishes he / she could have , AND he turns into a cool robot that wants to be your friend .
AND you can make out with your ridonkulously hot girlfriend on his hood .
Advertisement
The Golden Warrior Gold Lightan , from the anime series of the same name , has a pretty similar relationship with Hiro to the Sam / Bumblebee friendship .
Except that Lightan turns into a gold lighter that sits in Hiro 's pocket , and he only turns into a humongous robot when Hiro activates him , to fight other giant robots .
It 's an equal partnership , since Lightan really needs a pocket to chill out in when he 's a tiny lighter .
Advertisement
Data and Geordie share pretty much everything on Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Geordie 's always happy to take an hour to explain humor or dating or inappropriate touching to Data , who 's always got time to help Geordie with whatever .
There are other relationships between humans and A.I.s in Trek , but the bromance between Data and Geordie will never die .
Advertisement
Johnny 5 is pretty happy - go - lucky in Short Circuit , and is pretty stoked to make friends with Ally Sheedy .
They 're on the run from Johnny 's creators , who want to turn him into a weapon or melt him down or something , and it 's sort of like Nuns On The Run .
If one of the nuns was a robot .
Danny
One is sort of like Johnny 5 , actually - he 's the friendly robot that Jack Jameson gets for his 10th birthday in the book My Robot Buddy by Alfred Slote and Joel Schick .
The duo have to team up to deal with some robot - nappers .
( Who are n't narcoleptic robots , but people who steal robots . )
Advertisement
The Iron Giant is a surprisingly great book by Ted Hughes about a boy who befriends a super - powerful giant robot , but in the hands of Brad Bird ( The Incredibles ) it becomes a surpassingly wonderful movie about a kid who joins up with a robot on the run .
Melfina in Outlaw Star is such an eager friend and companion , she serves as navigator and chef for the Outlaw Star crew .
She 's sort of a mom figure to Jim Hawking .
Advertisement
The cartoon Cubix features Connor , a kid who wants to join the " Botties " club of robot wranglers - but first Connor has to prove himself , by fixing Cubix the Unifixable Robot .
Cubix starts working just in time to save Connor from the evil Dr. K and the giant robot Kolossal .
After that , Cubix becomes Connor 's dorky friend , repeating everything he says .
Dr. K does n't succeed in taking over the world , but what about Professor K ?
He 's the mad scientist villain of anime series Saikou Robot Kombock , and the only ones who stand in his way are Ichiro and his robot partner Kombock .
Advertisement
Robotboy is the most advanced robot in the world - but he has to learn how to be a real boy .
So he teams up with a 10 - year - old , Tommy Turnbull , who protects him from the evil scientists who want to use him to take over the world in this French series that airs on the Cartoon Network in the U.S.
The Zeta Project has another kid / robot teamup - Zeta aka Zee is an escaped military holomorphic robot that can appear human , who 's on the run from the NSA .
And 15 - year - old runaway girl Ro Rowen helps Zee search for his creators .
All of these teamups between children and robots are like the equivalent of Burt Reynolds ' Cop And A Half , with the robot being the cop .
Advertisement
Long- running webcomic Argon Zark !
features a hacker who creates a portal into cyberspace via " Personal Transfer Protocol , " and his robot sidekick Cybert .
And finally , Mycroft Holmes aka Mike does n't side with the law in Heinlein 's The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress , but he does team up with humans and become their homey in the struggle for freedom .
Additional reporting by Lauren Davis .
Idaho National Laboratory researchers meet major hydrogen milestone
A team of scientists from the U.S. Department of Energy 's Idaho National Laboratory earlier this month reached a major milestone with the successful production of hydrogen through High - Temperature Electrolysis ( HTE ) .
The milestone was reached when the Integrated Laboratory Scale experiment started producing hydrogen at a rate of 5.6 cubic meters per hour .
The achievement was recognized at a media event in Idaho Falls Sept. 18 .
" This is by far the biggest achievement we 've had , " said Carl Stoots , the experiment 's principal investigator .
High - Temperature Electrolysis is a system of producing hydrogen very efficiently by using technology originally developed for solid oxide fuel cells .
HTE is a significant improvement over the more conventional methods to produce hydrogen .
HTE uses an electric current through water to separate it into hydrogen and oxygen .
Combined with a clean power source such as a next - generation nuclear plant , HTE could produce hydrogen at 45 to 55 percent efficiency .
There are several potential applications of hydrogen from high - temperature electrolysis , all of which are closer to being actualized now that HTE has proven itself capable of producing hydrogen at such an advanced level .
Hydrogen is commonly used to help produce liquid fuels .
INL Laboratory Fellow Steve Herring , who heads the HTE project , said it could also prove helpful in upgrading fuel from the Athabasca Tar Sands in Alberta , Canada , because producing gasoline and diesel fuel from such heavy oil deposits requires extensive amounts of hydrogen and steam .
September 's achievement is a major scale - up from earlier INL experiments on a small scale .
Herring said his team wanted it to match the final product closely .
With this milestone met , the HTE plant is on its way to opening many doors for innovation in energy production , contributing to the Department of Energy 's overarching goal of a " hydrogen economy . "
Eventually , HTE could provide pure hydrogen for fuel cell - powered cars , Herring said – " but that 's a long way off . "
Full Text :
Thank you so much .
Four years ago , you gave me the honor of fighting our fight .
I was proud to stand with you then , and I am proud to stand with you now , to help elect Barack Obama as President of the United States .
In 2004 , we came so close to victory .
We are even closer now , and let me tell you , this time we ’re going to win .
Today , the call for change is more powerful than ever , and with more seats in Congress , with more people with more passion engaged in our politics , and with a President Obama , we stand on the brink of the greatest opportunity of our generation to move this country forward .
The stakes could not be higher , because we do know what a McCain administration would look like : just like the past , just like George Bush .
And this country can’t afford a third Bush term .
Just think : John McCain voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time .
Ninety percent of George Bush is just more than we can take .
Never in modern history has an administration squandered American power so recklessly .
Never has strategy been so replaced by ideology .
Never has extremism so crowded out common sense and fundamental American values .
Never has short - term partisan politics so depleted the strength of America ’s bipartisan foreign policy .
George Bush , with John McCain at his side , promised to spread freedom but delivered the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time .
They misread the threat and misled the country .
Instead of freedom , it ’s Hamas , Hezbollah , the Taliban and dictators everywhere that are on the march .
North Korea has more bombs , and Iran is defiantly chasing one .
Our mission is to restore America ’s influence and position in the world .
We must use all the weapons in our arsenal , above all , our values .
President Obama and Vice President Biden will shut down Guantanamo , respect the Constitution , and make clear once and for all , the United States of America does not torture , not now , not ever .
We must listen and lead by example because even a nation as powerful as the United States needs some friends in this world .
We need a leader who understands all our security challenges , not just bombs and guns , but global warming , global terror and global AIDS .
And Barack Obama understands there is no way for America to be secure until we create clean energy here at home , not with a little more oil in five , 10 or 20 years , but with an energy revolution starting right now .
I have known and been friends with John McCain for almost 22 years .
But every day now I learn something new about candidate McCain .
To those who still believe in the myth of a maverick instead of the reality of a politician , I say , let ’s compare Senator McCain to candidate McCain .
Candidate McCain now supports the wartime tax cuts that Senator McCain once denounced as immoral .
Candidate McCain criticizes Senator McCain ’s own climate change bill .
Candidate McCain says he would now vote against the immigration bill that Senator McCain wrote .
Are you kidding ?
Talk about being for it before you ’re against it .
Let me tell you , before he ever debates Barack Obama , John McCain should finish the debate with himself .
And what ’s more , Senator McCain , who once railed against the smears of Karl Rove when he was the target , has morphed into candidate McCain who is using the same “ Rove ” tactics and the same “ Rove ” staff to repeat the same old politics of fear and smear .
Well , not this year , not this time .
The Rove -McCain tactics are old and outworn , and America will reject them in 2008 .
So remember , when we choose a commander - in - chief this November , we are electing judgment and character , not years in the Senate or years on this earth .
Time and again , Barack Obama has seen farther , thought harder , and listened better .
And time and again , Barack Obama has been proven right .
When John McCain stood on the deck of an aircraft carrier just three months after 9/11 and proclaimed , “ Next up , Baghdad ! ” , Barack Obama saw , even then , “ an occupation of “ undetermined length , undetermined cost , undetermined consequences ” that would “ only fan the flames of the Middle East . ”
Well , guess what ?
Mission accomplished .
So who can we trust to keep America safe ?
When Barack Obama promised to honor the best traditions of both parties and talk to our enemies , John McCain scoffed .
George Bush called it “ the soft comfort of appeasement . ”
But today , Bush ’s diplomats are doing exactly what Obama said : talking with Iran .
So who can we trust to keep America safe ?
When democracy rolled out of Russia , and the tanks rolled into Georgia , we saw John McCain respond immediately with the outdated thinking of the Cold War.
Barack Obama responded like a statesman of the 21st century .
So who can we trust to keep America safe ?
When we called for a timetable to make Iraqis stand up for Iraq and bring our heroes home , John McCain called it “ cut and run . ”
But today , even President Bush has seen the light .
He and Prime Minister Maliki agree on – guess what ?
– a timetable .
So who can we trust to keep America safe ?
The McCain - Bush Republicans have been wrong again and again and again .
And they know they will lose on the issues .
So , the candidate who once promised a “ contest of ideas , ” now has nothing left but personal attacks .
How insulting to suggest that those who question the mission , question the troops .
How pathetic to suggest that those who question a failed policy doubt America itself .
How desperate to tell the son of a single mother who chose community service over money and privilege that he does n’t put America first .
No one can question Barack Obama ’s patriotism .
Like all of us , he was taught what it means to be an American by his family : his grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line in World War II , his grandfather who marched in Patton ’s army , and his great uncle who enlisted in the army right out of high school at the height of the war .
And on a spring day in 1945 , he helped liberate one of the concentration camps at Buchenwald .
Ladies and gentlemen , Barack Obama ’s uncle is here with us tonight .
Please join me in saluting this American hero , Charlie Payne .
Charlie , your nephew , Barack Obama , will end this politics of distortion and division .
He will be a president who seeks not to perfect the lies of Swift boating , but to end them once and for all .
This election is a chance for America to tell the merchants of fear and division : you do n’t decide who loves this country ; you do n’t decide who is a patriot ; you do n’t decide whose service counts and whose does n’t .
Four years ago I said , and I say it again tonight , that the flag does n’t belong to any ideology .
It does n’t belong to any political party .
It is an enduring symbol of our nation , and it belongs to all the American people .
After all , patriotism is not love of power or some cheap trick to win votes ; patriotism is love of country .
Years ago when we protested a war , people would weigh in against us saying , “ My country right or wrong . ”
Our answer ?
Absolutely , my country right or wrong .
When right , keep it right .
When wrong , make it right .
Sometimes loving your country demands you must tell the truth to power .
This is one of those times , and Barack Obama is telling those truths .
In closing , let me say , I will always remember how we stood together in 2004 , not just in a campaign , but for a cause .
Now again we stand together in the ranks , ready to fight .
The choice is clear ; our cause is just ; and now is our time to make Barack Obama the next President of the United States .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , Sept 12 , 2008
A new poll from a major Russian news outlet reveals that 84 % believe that the truth behind the 9/11 attacks is being deliberately hidden by the U.S. government .
At time of writing , the poll on the Russia Today website indicates that only 16 % of readers feel that the 9/11 Commission report represents the full extent of the evidence as to who carried out the attacks over seven years ago .
The 84 % figure mirrors almost exactly that of similar polls conducted in 2006 and 2004 .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The poll comes on the heels of a survey conducted across 17 countries by WorldPublicOpinion.org that revealed less than half of those surveyed believe Al - Qaeda was behind 9/11 , with a full 15 per cent believing that the terrorist outrage was directly perpetrated by the U.S. government .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A recent New York Times article also covered the fact that it has become conventional wisdom across the middle east that the official 9/11 story is a fraud .
Russia Today , one of Russia ’s primary news channels also today features a balanced article and video report documenting the activities of the 9/11 truth movement in New York yesterday .
Watch the report :
We Are Change ’s Luke Rudkowski , and Infowars reporter Jason Bermas have joined hundreds of other activists in promoting the 9/11 truth movement and raising awareness and much needed aid for sick first responders on the seventh anniversary of the atrocities .
The events in New York continue today .
The 9/11 truth movement has received much attention in Russia throughout the week with Russian State TV today set to broadcast a feature length documentary that questions the official version of events along with a pre-recorded studio debate on the matter .
Up to 30 million Russians will see Giulietto Chiesa ’s ZERO , which covers some of the pertinent unanswered questions and inconsistencies surrounding the received reality of 9/11 .
The figures that consistently emerge from the now voluminous polls , surveys and reports regarding 9/11 from all over the globe represent a blow to debunkers who have attempted to argue that skepticism towards the official 9/11 story is a radical fringe belief .
In reality , it is now beyond any doubt that a majority of people believe an explanation other than the official story or at least have suspicions about the official version .
This article was posted : Friday , September 12 , 2008 at 9:41 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Do n't worry ; the two eventually befriend one another and go out for Luther Burgers together .
Cello music courtesy of Yo Yo Ma plays in the background .
I split a bunch of wood last night .
Fortunately it was easier than I feared but I still have lots left to split .
With the cost of everything rising , especially in the fuel - economy sector , it 's good to be able to get exercise while providing for a way to heat the house for free .
And , you know , make s'mores .
Two kids , Ryan and , er , Walter ?
Wally ?
Something with a W .
The brothers go exploring while their parents watch a youth soccer game .
Ryan is clearly the leader , maybe a year older than the other and more physically fit .
They tromp around up to a short dropoff covered in large thistle plants .
Inevitably the Leader pokes himself on a plant .
" Shit .... crap . " he mutters , despite being only about 9 years old .
The remainder of their time on the hill is filled with Ryan convincing the other boy and their 4 - ish - year - old brother to collect rocks for him to throw at the offensive plants .
Eventually the other boy says , " Ryan , I do n't want to throw rocks at stupid old plants , " several times .
He wants to watch their sister play soccer .
Finally he just walks off and the Leader , realizing he is n't much of a leader at all , stomps dejectedly after him , mullet swaying like a horse tail .
That 's what happened around me last night as I biked out to a nearby park to read a book at dusk .
Two kids , completely different personalities .
One aggressive and vindictive , the other observant and accomodating .
I was going to bike in to work this morning but I 'm sore from chopping .
Bummer .
Your Comments :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil prices fell to their lowest level in five months on Friday as investors worried that an economic slowdown could chip away at demand for energy .
Light , sweet crude for October delivery settled down $ 1.66 to $ 106.23 , capping off a week of declines that totaled $ 9.23 .
It was the lowest settlement price since April 3 , when crude settled at $ 103.83 a barrel .
U.S. economy : Weakness in the U.S. labor market sparked further concerns that demand for petroleum - based products was falling .
The Labor Department announced Friday that the unemployment rate spiked to 6.1 % in August , and employers trimmed jobs for the eighth straight month .
As business activity in the United States slows , the economy consumes less fuel , most of which is refined from crude oil .
Earlier in the session , the Labor Department report had sent crude as low as $ 105.13 .
Demand :
The oil market will not be able to turn its attention away from the slipping economy and the deterioration of demand that has ensued , according to James Cordier , portfolio manager of OptionSellers.com .
" What will win out is that the economy is weakening faster than expected , and that will continue to be psychologically bearish for oil , " said Cordier .
In a fresh sign of slackening demand , the Energy Information Administration reported Thursday that imports of crude were 200,000 barrels a day below the same four - week period last year .
The report also showed the nation 's crude stock piles shrank by 1.9 million barrels last week , a much bigger - than - expected decline , but concerns over demand overshadowed the drawdown in supply .
Oil down $ 40 : Oil prices have fallen more than $ 40 from the record high of $ 147.27 a barrel on July 11 , two months ago , as a struggling economy has cut into demand for energy .
" At some point we will get back to some level where we will see the fundamentals will matter again , " said Peter Beutel , president of Cameron Hanover .
Oil marched to $ 147 a barrel without significant supply disruptions or geopolitical disasters to explain the jump , according to Beutel .
" Now that prices are dropping , " he said , the market " is ignoring fundamental factors that are happening because the price is still too high . "
" Traders are going to start targeting $ 100 for the price of oil soon , " said Cordier .
Given that prices have fallen so drastically , the oil market will be listening closely for any announcements of a change in oil production quotas from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meeting next Tuesday .
If OPEC were to cut production , oil prices would likely increase .
Tiny storm surge : Investors were concerned that oil prices failed to rally significantly as Hurricane Gustav slammed the Gulf Coast of Louisiana on Monday , causing oil producers to shut down oil rigs and refineries .
As of late Friday , 90.5 % of crude oil production and 79.8 % of natural gas production in the Gulf of Mexico remained shut down , according to the Department of Energy .
" What Gustav did should have rallied the market , " said Cordier .
Traders bought oil ahead of Gustav because the storm should have pushed prices of oil higher , he said .
" So right now the fact that the Atlantic is full of hurricanes , I think people are going to be leery of buying oil this time . "
Tropical Storm Hanna , Hurricane Ike and Tropical Storm Josephine were all brewing in the Atlantic on Friday .
WHAT exactly does a “ community organizer ” do ?
Barack Obama ‘s rise has left many Americans asking themselves that question .
Here ’s a big part of the answer : Community organizers intimidate banks into making high - risk loans to customers with poor credit .
In the name of fairness to minorities , community organizers occupy private offices , chant inside bank lobbies , and confront executives at their homes – and thereby force financial institutions to direct hundreds of millions of dollars in mortgages to low - credit customers .
In other words , community organizers help to undermine the US economy by pushing the banking system into a sinkhole of bad loans .
And Obama has spent years training and funding the organizers who do it .
THE seeds of today ’s financial meltdown lie in the Commu nity Reinvestment Act – a law passed in 1977 and made riskier by unwise amendments and regulatory rulings in later decades .
CRA was meant to encourage banks to make loans to high - risk borrowers , often minorities living in unstable neighborhoods .
That has provided an opening to radical groups like ACORN ( the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ) to abuse the law by forcing banks to make hundreds of millions of dollars in “ subprime ” loans to often uncreditworthy poor and minority customers .
Any bank that wants to expand or merge with another has to show it has complied with CRA – and approval can be held up by complaints filed by groups like ACORN .
In fact , intimidation tactics , public charges of racism and threats to use CRA to block business expansion have enabled ACORN to extract hundreds of millions of dollars in loans and contributions from America ’s financial institutions .
Banks already overexposed by these shaky loans were pushed still further in the wrong direction when government - sponsored Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac began buying up their bad loans and offering them for sale on world markets .
Fannie and Freddie acted in response to Clinton administration pressure to boost homeownership rates among minorities and the poor .
However compassionate the motive , the result of this systematic disregard for normal credit standards has been financial disaster .
ONE key pioneer of ACORN ’s subprime - loan shakedown racket was Madeline Talbott – an activist with extensive ties to Barack Obama .
She was also in on the ground floor of the disastrous turn in Fannie Mae ’s mortgage policies .
Long the director of Chicago ACORN , Talbott is a specialist in “ direct action ” – organizers ’ term for their militant tactics of intimidation and disruption .
Perhaps her most famous stunt was leading a group of ACORN protesters breaking into a meeting of the Chicago City Council to push for a “ living wage ” law , shouting in defiance as she was arrested for mob action and disorderly conduct .
But her real legacy may be her drive to push banks into making risky mortgage loans .
In February 1990 , Illinois regulators held what was believed to be the first - ever state hearing to consider blocking a thrift merger for lack of compliance with CRA .
The challenge was filed by ACORN , led by Talbott .
Officials of Bell Federal Savings and Loan Association , her target , complained that ACORN pressure was undermining its ability to meet strict financial requirements it was obligated to uphold and protested being boxed into an “ affirmative - action lending policy . ”
The following years saw Talbott featured in dozens of news stories about pressuring banks into higher - risk minority loans .
IN April 1992 , Talbott filed an other precedent - setting com plaint using the “ community support requirements ” of the 1989 savings - and - loan bailout , this time against Avondale Federal Bank for Savings .
Within a month , Chicago ACORN had organized its first “ bank fair ” at Malcolm X College and found 16 Chicago - area financial institutions willing to participate .
Two months later , aided by ACORN organizer Sandra Maxwell , Talbott announced plans to conduct demonstrations in the lobbies of area banks that refused to attend an ACORN - sponsored national bank “ summit ” in New York .
She insisted that banks show a commitment to minority lending by lowering their standards on downpayments and underwriting – for example , by overlooking bad credit histories .
By September 1992 , The Chicago Tribune was describing Talbott ’s program as “ affirma - tive - action lending ” and ACORN was issuing fact sheets bragging about relaxations of credit standards that it had won on behalf of minorities .
And Talbott continued her effort to , as she put it , drag banks “ kicking and screaming ” into high - risk loans .
A September 1993 story in The Chicago Sun-Times presents her as the leader of an initiative in which five area financial institutions ( including two of her former targets , now plainly cowed – Bell Federal Savings and Avondale Federal Savings ) were “ participating in a $ 55 million national pilot program with affordable - housing group ACORN to make mortgages for low - and moderate - income people with troubled credit histories . ”
What made this program different from others , the paper added , was the participation of Fannie Mae – which had agreed to buy up the loans .
“ If this pilot program works , ” crowed Talbott , “ it will send a message to the lending community that it ’s OK to make these kind of loans . ”
Well , the pilot program “ worked , ” and Fannie Mae ’s message that risky loans to minorities were “ OK ” was sent .
The rest is financial - meltdown history .
IT would be tough to find an “ on the ground ” community organizer more closely tied to the subprime - mortgage fiasco than Madeline Talbott .
And no one has been more supportive of Madeline Talbott than Barack Obama .
When Obama was just a budding community organizer in Chicago , Talbott was so impressed that she asked him to train her personal staff .
He returned to Chicago in the early ’90s , just as Talbott was starting her pressure campaign on local banks .
Chicago ACORN sought out Obama ’s legal services for a “ motor voter ” case and partnered with him on his 1992 “ Project VOTE ” registration drive .
In those years , he also conducted leadership - training seminars for ACORN ’s up - and - coming organizers .
That is , Obama was training the army of ACORN organizers who participated in Madeline Talbott ’s drive against Chicago ’s banks .
More than that , Obama was funding them .
As he rose to a leadership role at Chicago ’s Woods Fund , he became the most powerful voice on the foundation ’s board for supporting ACORN and other community organizers .
In 1995 , the Woods Fund substantially expanded its funding of community organizers – and Obama chaired the committee that urged and managed the shift .
That committee ’s report on strategies for funding groups like ACORN features all the key names in Obama ’s organizer network .
The report quotes Talbott more than any other figure ; Sandra Maxwell , Talbott ’s ACORN ally in the bank battle , was also among the organizers consulted .
MORE , the Obama - supervised Woods Fund report ac knowledges the problem of getting donors and foundations to contribute to radical groups like ACORN – whose confrontational tactics often scare off even liberal donors and foundations .
Indeed , the report brags about pulling the wool over the public ’s eye .
The Woods Fund ’s claim to be “ nonideological , ” it says , has “ enabled the Trustees to make grants to organizations that use confrontational tactics against the business and government ‘ establishments ’ without undue risk of being criticized for partisanship . ”
Hmm .
Radicalism disguised by a claim to be postideological .
Sound familiar ?
The Woods Fund report makes it clear Obama was fully aware of the intimidation tactics used by ACORN ’s Madeline Talbott in her pioneering efforts to force banks to suspend their usual credit standards .
Yet he supported Talbott in every conceivable way .
He trained her personal staff and other aspiring ACORN leaders , he consulted with her extensively , and he arranged a major boost in foundation funding for her efforts .
And , as the leader of another charity , the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , Obama channeled more funding Talbott ’s way – ostensibly for education projects but surely supportive of ACORN ’s overall efforts .
In return , Talbott proudly announced her support of Obama ’s first campaign for state Senate , saying , “ We accept and respect him as a kindred spirit , a fellow organizer . ”
IN short , to understand the roots of the subprime - mort gage crisis , look to ACORN ’s Madeline Talbott .
And to see how Talbott was able to work her mischief , look to Barack Obama .
Then you ’ll truly know what community organizers do .
Stanley Kurtz is a senior fellow with the Ethics and Public Policy Center in Washington , DC .
Some Pointers
The most relevant files are :
ceval .[ch ] ( VM engine )
compile.[ch ]
( Bytecode compiler )
frameobject.[ch ] ( execution frames )
opcode.h ( bytecodes )
code.h ( Py Code Object )
pystate .[ch ] ( interpreter state )
pythonrun.[ch ] ( entry point )
Particularly useful pieces of documentation :
Notes on the implementation
Unless otherwise noted , the source file in question is Python / ceval .c .
Control Flow
The calling sequence is : main ( ) ( in python . c ) -> Py_Main ( ) ( main . c ) -> Py Run_Foo Flags ( ) ( pythonrun .c ) -> run_bar ( ) ( pythonrun . c ) -> Py Eval_Eval Code ( ) ( ceval.c ) -> Py Eval_Eval Code Ex ( ) ( ceval.c ) -> Py Eval_Eval Frame Ex ( ) ( ceval.c ) .
Py Run_Foo Flags ( ) also calls Py Parser_ASTFromQuux ( ) to obtain an AST which run_bar ( ) then passes to PyAST_Compile ( ) ( in compile .c ) to get a Py Code Object for Py Eval_Eval Code ( ) .
Eval Code Ex ( ) does some initialization ( creating a new execution frame , argument processing , and some generator - specific stuff ) before calling Eval Frame Ex ( ) which contains the main interpreter loop .
Threads
Py Eval_Init Threads ( ) initializes the GIL ( interpreter_lock ) and sets main_thread to the ( threading package dependent ) ID of the current thread .
Thread state switching is done using Py Thread State_Swap ( ) , which sets _ Py Thread State_Current ( both defined in pystate . c ) and Py Thread State_GET ( ) ( an alias for _ Py Thread State_Current ) ( pystate.h ) .
The actual thread switching occurs by releasing the GIL ( Python does n't dispatch threads at all ; it just releases the GIL , giving the operating system permission to wake up a different thread - which the operating system may or may not chose to do .
After some time , the original thread will try to reacquire the GIL .
Assuming the OS applies fairness , it will not get it back if a different thread was also waiting for it , so our thread will block - and then the OS will dispatch ( at latest ) ) .
See Periodic Tasks below .
Async Callbacks
Asynchronous callbacks can be registered by adding the function to be called to pendingcalls [ ] ( see Py_Add Pending Call ( ) ) .
The state of this queue is communicated to the main loop via things_to_do .
State
The global state is recorded in a ( per-process ) Py Interpreter State struct and a per-thread Py Thread State struct .
In principle , multiple interpreter states are supported per process ( and the current interpreter is identified by thread ) .
However , there are many limitations and quirks in the multiple - interpreter code .
Each execution frame 's state is contained in that frame 's Py Frame Object ( which includes the instruction stream , the environment ( globals , locals , builtins , etc. ) , the value stack and so forth ) .
Eval Frame Ex ( ) 's local variables are initialized from this frame object .
A lot of stuff also lives on the regular C stack , which exists in parallel to the frame object stack .
Instruction Stream
The instruction stream looks as follows ( c.f. assemble_emit ( ) in compile.c and dis.py for the inverse operation ) :
A byte stream where each instruction consists of either
a single byte opcode : OP
a single byte opcode plus a two - byte immediate argument : OP LO HI
a special opcode followed by the first two bytes of the argument , followed by the real opcode and the remaining two bytes of the argument : EXTENDED_ARG ARG ARG OP ARG ARG
Opcode Prediction
One neat trick used to speed up opcode dispatch is the following : Using the macros PREDICT ( ) and PREDICTED ( ) it is sometimes possible to jump directly to the code implementing the next instruction rather than having to go through the whole loop preamble , e.g .
case FOO : // ... PREDICT ( BAR ) ; continue ; PREDICTED ( BAR ) ; case BAR : // ... expands to case FOO : // ... if ( * next_instr == BAR ) goto PRED_BAR ; continue ; PRED_BAR : next_instr ++ ; case BAR : // ...
Main Loop
Variables and macros used in EvalFrameEx ( )
The value stack :
PyObject ** stack_pointer ;
The instruction stream :
unsigned char * next_instr ;
NEXTOP ( ) , NEXTARG ( ) , PEEKARG ( ) , JUMPTO ( ) , and JUMPBY ( ) simply fiddle with next_instr .
Likewise for TOP ( ) , SET_SECOND ( ) , PUSH ( ) , POP ( ) , etc. and stack_pointer .
Current opcode plus argument :
int opcode ; int oparg ;
Error status :
enum why_code why ; // no , exn , exn re-raised , return , break , continue , yield int err ; // non-zero is error
The environment :
PyObject * names ; PyObject * consts ;
and
PyObject ** fastlocals ;
which is accessed via GETLOCAL ( ) and SETLOCAL ( ) .
Finally , there are some more Py Object *'s ( v , w , u , and so forth , used as temporary variables ) as well as
PyObject * retval ;
Basic structure
EvalFrameEx ( ) { why = WHY_NOT ; err = 0 ; for ( ; ; ) {
<------------------+---+ // do periodic tasks | | | | fast_next_opcode : | | opcode = NEXTOP ( ) ; | | if ( HAS_ARG ( opcode ) ) | | oparg = NEXTARG ( ) ; | | | | dispatch_opcode : | | switch ( opcode ) { | | | | continue ; -------------------+ | | break ;
----------------------+ | | | //
Also , opcode prediction | | // jumps around inside the | | // switch statement | | | | } <-----------------------+ | | on_error : | // no error : continue -----------+ // otherwise why == WHY_EXCEPTION after this fast_block_end : // unwind stacks if there was an error } // more unwinding fast_yield : // reset current thread 's exception info exit_eval_frame : // set thread 's execution frame to previous execution frame return retval ; }
Periodic Tasks
By checking and decrementing _Py_Ticker , the main loop executes certain tasks once every _ Py_Check Interval iterations ( in fact Py_Add Pending Call ( ) sets _Py_Ticker to zero , ensuring that pending calls are executed right after the next instruction which does n't jump to fast_next_opcode ) :
If there are things_to_do , Py_Make Pending Calls ( ) is called .
The GIL is releases and re-acquired , giving other threads a chance to run .
Instruction implementation
Some general notes :
Successful instructions either goto fast_next_opcode or continue .
Unsuccessful instructions break out of the switch .
The value stack holds only Py Object *'s .
Instructions must take care to Py_INCREF ( ) and Py_DECREF ( ) the reference counts of Py Object 's whose addresses have been pushed onto / popped off the value stack .
" New " objects are transferred onto the value stack by GETITEM ( ) ing them from consts or names , or by GETLOCAL ( ) ing them using oparg as an offset into fastlocals ( c.f. LOAD _ * instructions ) .
err is used as a general " error occurred " flag , both inside the code implementing an opcode and " globally " for the entire loop .
Nested blocks
Nested loop and try blocks are handled as follows :
Each frame maintains a block stack ; when entering a nested block , a SETUP _ * instruction adds a Py Try Block to the Py Frame Object 's f_blockstack and registers that block 's type ( instruction which created the block ) , handler ( offset into the instruction stream ) and level ( value stack level before the nested block was entered ) .
When such blocks are exited normally ( e.g. last iteration of a loop ) , the final POP_BLOCK instruction restores the value stack to the state it was in before the block .
If a block is exited abnormally ( e.g. a break instruction ) , the code following fast_block_end unwinds the value stack and jumps to the block 's handler .
Certain instructions , e.g. RETURN_VALUE , cause the entire block stack to be unwound ( leading to multiple unwinds of the value stack ) .
See also the comments in compile .c ( compiler_try_finally ( ) ) which include nice ASCII art diagrams .
Error handling
Internal errors ( bad oparg , say ) generally result in why being set to WHY_EXCEPTION and breaking out of the switch ( if the code implementing the instruction does n't set why , the code after on_error will ) .
The code following fast_block_end will jump to the correct exception handler and set the global exception related variables ( exception information is stored in the current execution frame and the thread state .
See set_exc_info( ) and reset_exc_info ( ) ) .
What is * Reality * ?
– Welcome to the Sulha
In the context of major global conflicts , where everyone is analyzing what is right or wrong , black or white , left or right , it has occured to me that the definition of reality sometimes gets lost in the mix .
Here are few definitons of reality occording to the Merriam - Webster Dictionary
‘ Reality ’
1 : the quality or state of being real
2 a ( 1 ) : a real event , entity , or state of affairs reality > ( 2 ) : the totality of real things and events reality > b : something that is neither derivative nor dependent but exists necessarily
Imagine for just a moment if headlines coming out of the Middle East read like this tomorrow … .
Today thousands of Arabs , Jews , Israelis ,
Palestinians , Seculars and Religious , Christians , Muslims ,
Druze , young and old gathered to dance , to cry , to share , to
laugh , to work , to play and ultimately , to live together for
three days just a few miles outside of Jerusalem .
Does n’t sound like reality does it ?….
If your answer was something like , “ no ” or “ how naïve , ” I ’m here to say , “ quite the contrary ! ”
In fact , I ’ve seen it with my own two eyes !!
The passage above describes the seventh annual “ On the Way to the Sulha Gathering , ” a three day gathering of locals aspiring to create a new reality by preparing themselves and their neighbors for a life of mutual respect and trust .
I ’ve been there the last two years .
Watch it yourself :
Welcome to reality
Would you like to learn more about the Sulha Peace Project ?
Contact either Gabriel Meyer or Ihab Balha through their website , www.sulha.com
© Marc Gopin
Obama , talking to reporters in York , Pa. , portrayed the GOP attacks on the media as guilt - inducing pressure tactics and said Palin should get the same treatment as the men in the race .
Per Carrie Budoff Brown :
Listen , if they want to work the refs , they are free to do so .
I think the public can make their judgments about this .
The notion that any questions about her work in Alaska is somehow not relevant to her potentially being vice president of the United States does n't make too much sense to me .
I think she has got a compelling story , but I assume that she wants to be treated the same way that guys want to be treated , which means their records are under scrutiny .
I have been through this for 19 months .
She has been through it , what , four days so far .
comments closed
permalink
Polls in the U.S. traditionally switch their election polls to show likely voters just after Labor ...
The legacy of Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the political implications of her death
Enter the characters you see below
Sorry , we just need to make sure you 're not a robot .
For best results , please make sure your browser is accepting cookies .
Would you trust a social media friend with your money ?
Your home ?
Your significant other ?
Your children ?
Your life ?
Your answer to those questions will determine whether or not you feel that friends , as used in social media , are friends like you had in school or if they 're better labeled as something else .
The social media friend is the key ingredient that makes digital media social .
Social media users have the ability to create a user profile which lists relevant information about them .
The user can then select other users to be friends , followers , buddies , contacts , or some other relevant noun .
Showing that you are a friend of another social media user indicates that there is some form of relationship between the two of you .
The connection may be weak , but it 's important enough for you to tell the world about it .
The thing is that sometimes the people that we identify as social media friends are people we barely know or that we 've never met in person .
The act of befriending another person on sites like Facebook , Digg , StumbleUpon , or Twitter can be tactical moves as often as they are signs of genuine affection and solidarity .
Let 's take a look at the major roles that social media friends can play – some are friendlier than others :
Friends and family : yes , some of the people you encounter within social media will be people that you really do know .
These folks can be a source of love , companionship , and empathy .
Facebook 's Friends were intended be your real life friends .
Kind of an appropriate name , do n't you think ?
Information sources : social media is all about sharing stuff .
The basic currency of this realm is shared ideas and information .
Want to know about the pros and cons of a particular car , computer , vacation resort , or restaurant ?
Throw the question into social media space and you can get a multitude of responses .
Social media users like to give stuff away .
Giving away information and otherwise being helpful is an effective way to attract social media users ; so is being nice .
Connectors : in The Tipping Point , Malcolm Gladwell describes a class of influencer called the connector .
Connectors collect people .
Not literally , but they enjoy meeting and learning about people .
Connectors like to introduce people who they think will benefit from meeting each other .
This kind of social media user ( not unlike the host of a party , conference , or meeting ) is a great source of referrals , introductions , and connections to other people .
This is an important and sometimes underappreciated role in any social environment , both in personal and professional matters .
Prospects : whether it 's potential clients , worker bees , or evangelists , social media provides a way to collect people for future use .
This is a cynical way of looking at the " tribe " concept that 's currently espoused by marketers and by no means is it the norm .
But it 's out there and it's personified by people who add 50,000 plus friends in Twitter , all in the hope that a few of them will follow back and become a captive audience .
Groupies : just like the fanatical gals ( or guys ) who follow rock bands around and fulfill some of their more basic needs , prominent social media users collect followers who are there to witness ( and celebrate ) anything their idol says or does .
OK , perhaps that 's a bit harsh , but there is a grain of truth to this .
People will follow other people in order to feel slightly closer to someone who they admire or worship .
I 'm not immune to this .
I follow Wil Wheaton on Twitter because he posts quirky and interesting things .
He follows far fewer people than follow him and I 'm one of the many who have n't been followed back .
By contrast , people like Robert Scoble and Jason Calacanis maintain ratios much closer to 1:1 .
They 're all busy people , but some people make a point of returning the following favor .
Others do n't and that 's fine , too .
However , some people seem to get a thrill out of building up a legion of followers .
While Friend is a useful " catch all " term used in social media , it does n't have a single meaning .
Facebook 's Friend functionality does a good job of qualifying the relationship between its friends by several categories , including family , school , and work connections .
Tara Hunt , aka Miss Rogue on Twitter , suggests that the XFN distinctions to classify types of friends would be a good addition to social networking sites .
" Very few of my thousands of relationships actually fall under true friendship , " says Hunt .
When you think about theories like Dunbar 's number , which posits a limitation of approximately 150 significant connections or relationships that each person can have at one time , Hunt has brought up the logical point that it 's very difficult to have huge numbers of meaningful relationships with hundreds or thousands of social media friends .
The term friend will remain in social media for a long time to come : it 's embedded into social networking culture .
I think that contact is really a better term to use because it 's more consistently accurate .
Contacts are people who know each other , even if only superficially , and they 've given each other permission to reach out and communicate to each other .
Contacts can also be real friends .
However , as I asked at the beginning of this article , would you trust a social media friend with something that 's precious to you ?
Trust is not a default – it needs to be earned .
Maybe that 's the best test to use when trying to figure out if your friends are really friends , online or offline .
| by
Pin Share 0 Shares
Reading time : 4 – 6 minutes
A number of recent advances in stem cell biology are poised to transform therapeutic approaches to a variety of cardiovascular diseases .
In the July issue of the journal Cell Stem Cell , researchers report one such advance , demonstrating that they can direct mouse embryonic stem cells to develop into an embryonic cell layer called the mesoderm , which can differentiate ( meaning become different in the process of development ) into the heart , blood and other tissues [ 1 ] .
Animal embryos differentiate into three cellular layers called germ layers : the ectoderm , mesoderm and endoderm .
Tissues and organs of the body develop from these germ layers through further differentiation .
The mesoderm germ layer differentiates into circulatory and urogenital systems , connective tissue , muscle and bone .
Embryonic stem cells have the potential to develop into almost any type of cell in the body .
To be used therapeutically , however , scientists have to understand how to direct stem cells to become specialized cell types , such as skin or heart cells .
Why use stem cells to repair the heart ?
Heart muscle cells from a patient generally wo n’t divide in a sufficient number to replace damaged areas .
Taking a part of the heart muscle from another area only creates more damage .
Embryonic stem cells thus provide an external and abundant source of cells for heart muscle repair .
Scientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis found that expression of the gene Mesp1 induced expression of mesodermal markers and genetic changes associated with the transition from embryonic to epithelial tissue ( termed epithelial - mesenchymal transition ) .
A typical epithelium is a sheet of cells , often one cell thick , held tightly together by cell - cell junctions in a uniform array .
Adhesions between neighboring epithelial cells inhibit movement of individual cells .
In contrast , mesenchymal cells have neither organized structure nor tight intracellular adhesion , allowing for increased migratory capacity .
Cells undergoing the epithelial - mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) experience transient structural changes that result in a loss of contact with neighboring cells and a gain in motility .
This process is vital to movements that reorganize the embryonic germ layers and to the development of other migratory cell types [ 2 ] .
Many of the changes associated with cells undergoing developmental EMTs are also observed in wound healing , fibrosis and cancer .
Using mouse embryonic stem cells , researchers showed that Mesp1 expression restricted the potential fates , generating progenitors or precursor cells with the potential to differentiate into cardiovascular cells but , importantly , not into hematopoietic cells ( meaning blood - forming cells ) .
They further demonstrated that Mesp1 induces expression of genes specific to cardiovascular development .
The authors suggest that Mesp1 may selectively program the development of endothelial , cardiac and smooth muscle cells .
According to senior author Kenneth Murphy , M.D. , Ph.D. , senior author and Professor of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine [ 3 ] :
That ’s the challenge to realizing the potential of stem cells .
We know some things about how the early embryo develops , but we need to learn a great deal more about how factors like Mesp1 control the roles that stem cells assume .
This work has the potential to one day treat cardiovascular diseases using human stem cells .
Scientists next plan to identify gene programs and map out the pathways that specify development of the three cardiac cell types : endothelial , cardiac and smooth muscle cells .
For more information on stem cells and the repair of a damaged heart , see Stem Cell Information at the NIH .
References
Their stop in Cedarburg ( where Ms. Palin ordered some richly mixed “ moose tracks ” ice cream ) showed their determination to challenge Mr. Obama in Wisconsin , a state where he has enjoyed a comfortable edge but where Mr. McCain has invested heavily in television advertising .
Democratic strategists said Friday that they did not yet know whether the field of battleground states would expand or contract with the addition of Ms. Palin to the ticket .
McCain advisers said they planned to use her in the strongly conservative areas where she has the most appeal .
They also said her popularity ensured they would send her to large television markets as well as the small and medium markets traditionally reserved for the vice - presidential nominee .
“ Whether she has additional reach , ” said Mr. Axelrod , the Obama strategist , “ is something that we ’ll have to see . ”
The Obama campaign ’s immediate focus is on the economy and a broader call for change , but questions from voters suggest that the race could also turn on social and cultural matters .
For the second straight day , Mr. Obama was asked whether he would tighten rules for gun owners , an issue that has proved vexing to many Democratic candidates .
“ If you believe that I ’m the best guy when it comes to jobs , ” he replied , “ if you believe that I ’m the best guy when it comes to health care , if you believe that I ’m the best guy on education and I ’m going to be looking out for you and fighting for you , this ca n’t be the reason not to vote for me .
Your guns  we ’re not going to mess with them , all right ? ”
Ms. Palin , meanwhile , opened a new front against Mr. Obama , who said in an interview televised by Fox News on Thursday that the troop escalation in Iraq had succeeded beyond expectations .
“ Just last night , Senator Obama finally broke and brought himself to admit what all the rest of us have known for quite some time , ” Ms. Palin said in Cedarburg , adding that “ thanks to the skill and valor of our troops , the surge in Iraq has succeeded . ”
Paulson , Bernanke , and Congress are conspiring to make the US taxpayer the fall guy for financial stupidity by banks and brokers .
Congress is now willing to ram through legislation at the last moment , even though Senate Majority Leader Reid Says " No One Knows What to Do " .
Please consider Paulson , Bernanke Push New Proposal to Cleanse Balance Sheets ( at taxpayer expense ) .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke proposed moving troubled assets from the balance sheets of American financial companies into a new institution .
Congressional leaders who met with Paulson and Bernanke late yesterday in Washington said they aim to pass legislation soon .
The initiative , which may also insure money - market funds , is aimed at removing the devalued mortgage - linked assets at the root of the worst credit crisis since the Great Depression .
The effort is a recognition that Paulson 's and Bernanke 's steps have so far failed to revive financial and housing markets .
The government took over American International Group Inc. , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the past 12 days , a period when Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. filed for bankruptcy and Americans pulled a record $ 89 billion from money - market funds .
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox , who attended the gathering with lawmakers , said the SEC planned to consider more rules to guarantee market liquidity .
The commission is weighing a ban on short - sales of the shares of Wall Street brokerages after Morgan Stanley fell 39 percent this week , said a person familiar with the matter .
My Comment
Options under consideration include establishing an $ 800 billion fund to purchase so - called failed assets and a separate $ 400 billion pool at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
to insure investors in money - market funds , said two people briefed by congressional staff who spoke on condition of anonymity because the plans may change .
My Comment
Another possibility is using Fannie and Freddie , the federally chartered mortgage - finance companies seized by the government last week , to buy assets , one of the people said .
" We will try to put a bill together and do it fairly quickly , " House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat , said after the meeting .
" We are not in a position to give you any specifics right now " on the proposals , he said when asked about the potential cost .
My Comment
" good thinking "
" It sounds like there 's going to be a giant dumpster for illiquid assets , " said Mirko Mikelic , senior portfolio manager at Fifth Third Asset Management in Grand Rapids , Michigan , which oversees $ 22 billion in assets .
" It brings up the more troubling question of whether the U.S. government is big enough to take on this whole problem , relative " to the size of the American economy , he said .
My Comment
Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama and some other Republicans have criticized the takeovers of AIG , Fannie and Freddie for imposing a potentially high cost on taxpayers .
" We can not protect all risk in the market , and we should n't do it at the risk of the taxpayer , " Shelby , the ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , said in an interview with Bloomberg Television this week .
My Comment
Unexpected Superb Analysis Of The Month Award
Attorney General Michael Mukasey , declaring the risk of terrorism in the U.S. is rising as the nation elects a new president , said Wednesday that he would soon release rules to streamline FBI investigations .
The guidelines will give agents more leeway to conduct spying and use informants to protect national security and will expressly authorize the FBI to collect intelligence domestically , Mukasey said .
“ We must ensure that all of our country ’s security measures are attuned to the increased threat we face during this time of transition and that we respond and adjust appropriately , ” Mukasey said in a speech in Portland , Ore .
He noted that when the next president takes office in January , it will be the first change in administrations since the Sept. 11 attacks .
The FBI , led by Director Robert Mueller , has been under congressional pressure to remake itself as an intelligence agency , rather than one that solves crimes .
Mueller has made preventing terrorism the bureau ’s top priority and has instituted numerous internal changes , including setting up a national security branch .
In his speech , Mukasey said the new FBI rules will “ help in the bureau ’s transformation into an elite national security agency . ”
The effort will create one set of guidelines for all FBI activities , Mukasey said .
Agents now operate under five different standards that depend on what type of case they are handling .
For example , investigating a bank robbery has a different set of rules than infiltrating a terrorist cell .
The new guidelines will make it easier to recruit and assign informants in national security cases , Mukasey said .
Also , the FBI would be able to use cameras to spy on suspected terrorists based on a tip , the same rule that now applies in criminal cases .
Existing rules make it “ harder to gather information about threats to the national security than it is to conduct ordinary criminal investigations , ” Mukasey said .
The attorney general said it will still be forbidden to investigate based on race or religion .
There will be “ robust and effective oversight measures ” to ensure that FBI agents follow the law , he said .
Mukasey said he has been consulting with lawmakers about the changes and will issue them publicly in the next few weeks .
The North Pole becomes an ' island ' for the first time in history as ice melts
The North Pole has become an island for the first time in human history .
Startling satellite pictures taken three days ago show that melting ice has opened up the fabled North - West and North - East Passages - making it possible to sail around the Arctic ice cap .
The opening of the passages has been eagerly awaited by shipping companies which hope they will be able to cut thousands of miles off their routes .
Blocked :
The Arctic ice , showing as a pink mass in the 1979 picture , links up with northern Canada ( on the left ) and Russia ( right )
But to climate change scientists it is yet another sign of the damage global warming is inflicting on the planet .
Mark Serreze , a sea ice specialist , described the images as an ' historic event ' - but warned they added to fears that the Arctic icecap has entered a ' death spiral ' .
The pictures , produced by Nasa , mark the first time in at least 125,000 years that the two shortcuts linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans have been ice - free at the same time .
In 2005 , the North - East Passage around Russia opened , while the western one , across the top of Canada , remained closed , and last year the position was reversed .
But the satellite data shows that the North - West passage opened last weekend and the remaining tongue of ice blocking the North - Eastern one dissolved a few days later .
Professor Serreze , of the U.S. government - funded National Snow and Ice Data Center , told a Sunday newspaper : ' The passages are open .
It is an historic event .
' We are going to see this more and more as the years go by . '
Thawing ocean : The North - West Passage ( circled left ) and the North - East Passage ( top right ) are clear of ice
Shipping companies are ready to exploit the new routes .
The Beluga group , based in Bremen , Germany , plans to send the first ship through the North - East passage next year , cutting 4,000 nautical miles off the voyage from Germany to Japan .
If the ice continues to melt at current rates it will soon be possible to sail right across the North Pole .
Many scientists believe that the mass of ice that forms a jagged circle around the North Pole could vanish altogether in the summer by 2030 .
Others believe it could take as little as five years for the Pole , currently frozen all year round , to be ice - free between mid-July and mid-September .
Four weeks ago , tourists had to be evacuated from Baffin Island 's Auyuittuq National Park in northern Canada because of flooding from thawed glaciers .
The park 's name means ' land that never melts ' .
By Jason Palmer
Technology reporter , BBC News
The server allows privileged access to a network from afar For less than a pound a security expert has got front - door access to a council 's internal network .
Andrew Mason from security firm Random Storm bought some network hardware from auction site eBay for 99 p .
When he switched it on and plugged it in , the device automatically connected to the internal network of Kirklees Council in West Yorkshire .
Kirklees council called the discovery " concerning " but said its data had not been compromised .
Privileged access For 99 p
Mr Mason bought what is known as a virtual private network ( VPN ) server made by the firm Cisco Systems that automates all the steps needed to get remote access to a network .
Many staff working overseas or off - site use a VPN to connect back to corporate systems .
On powering it his new hardware Mr Mason expected that the device would need network settings to be input but , without prompting , it connected to the last place it was used .
Subsequent investigation found that the internet , or IP , address to which it connected was owned by Cap Gemini , in a range of addresses allocated to Kirklees Council .
" It is like having a long ethernet cable from the Council office to anywhere where I connected the device , " said Mr Mason .
A connection such as this allows privileged access to networks .
In the wrong hands , such as criminally - minded hackers , it would allow them to conduct reconnaissance and find out if the network had any vulnerabilities worth exploiting .
High profile cases have underlined the dangers of losing data Internal network access permitted the credit card detail theft from retailers TK Maxx last year and Cotton Traders in June .
A spokesman for consulting firm Cap Gemini said it managed Kirklees Council 's network from 2000 to the end of May 2005 .
At that point , he said , control was handed back to the council which had decided to manage the network itself .
A Kirklees council spokesperson said : " The council is deeply concerned with this report but is confident that multiple layers of security have prevented access to systems and data .
" In the meantime the disposal process has been suspended until an investigation can be carried out and appropriate action taken . "
Data danger A spokesperson for Cisco Systems said that " we do provide clear guidelines that explain how to reset products to their factory default settings .
" If followed correctly , these processes eliminate both the configuration and backup configuration of the product preventing subsequent users from connecting with a previous user 's configuration . "
According to Mr Mason the last change to the connection details on the server were made in November 2006 , after Cap Gemini 's involvement with the council 's network ended .
Mr Mason bought the bought the server in August from an eBay seller called selectronicstore which deals in second - hard hardware .
The server connected to an IP address registered to the council The eBay selling account selectronicstore is registered to Cheshire - based Manga - Fu , a firm that specialises in the destruction of mass storage devices such as hard drives .
Manga - Fu managing director Gary Cronnolley was unable to trace the origins of the server , as the company does not track the serial numbers of low - value equipment .
However , he says that clients are told to remove data such as passwords and connection details from devices like the VPN server , which has no such mass storage .
" We 've done our job 100 % to what we 've been requested to do , to the book , " Mr Cronnolley says .
Robert Winter , chief engineer of data recovery at Kroll OnTrack , said that sensitive data that leaked out from a company could easily prove damaging in the wrong hands .
" Every company should have a proper data disposal process , " he said .
" I do n't think there 's any reason why a company would not have that in place now . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Eva Mendes : ‘ I ’ve Had Sex In All 50 States ’
Eva Mendes recently appeared at New York ’s Mercedes Benz Fashion
Week to promote her new line of fine bedding for Macy’s .
During the launch party for designer Patricia Field ’s upcoming line of “ Sex & The City ” inspired fashions , Eva randomly announced that she has “ had sex in all 50 states . ” ( this girl sure does know how to work the media ! )
When pressed for details , The Sun claims Mendes assured reporters her 50 state feat was not with 50 different men .
“ A lot of it was on a road trip I took when I was younger , ” Mendes said , going on to note the best sex took place in Arizona and Colorado .
“ maybe it was the clear air , or the quiet , or the endless sky , ” she noted , “ whatever it was , it was really , really good . ”
And according to Mendes , the worst sex she had was in Alaska .
“ I ’d really like a do - over on that state , ” Mendes said , before suggesting publicists at Alaska Air “ sponsor a trip for me there for that purpose . ”
Alrighty then ! 😉
Announced Friday , Mendes ’ original home decor line , Vida , created with her partner George Augusto , will initially offer five vibrant bedding styles featuring rich colors , dramatic patterns , the highest - quality fabrications and romantic touches , all at an affordable price .
The Vida line is available at Macy ’s stores and on Macys.com beginning in mid-September .
UPDATE : Look out !
Eva Mendes ’ rep is striking back on this one calling the report “ complete fabrication ” and “ entirely untrue . ” she adds :
“ Ms. Mendes was n’t even present at the event at which these comments were supposedly made .
The entire thing is absurd and offensive . ”
photo : WENN
This article covers five of the most important things someone needs to know when working with floating point numbers .
Introduction
There are several traps that even very experienced programmers fall into when they write code that depends on floating point arithmetic .
This article explains five things to keep in mind when working with floating point numbers , i.e. float and double data types .
Do n't Test for Equality
You almost never want to write code like the following :
double x ; double y ; ... if ( x == y ) {...}
Most floating point operations involve at least a tiny loss of precision and so even if two numbers are equal for all practical purposes , they may not be exactly equal down to the last bit , and so the equality test is likely to fail .
For example , the following code snippet prints - 1.778636e-015 .
Although in theory , squaring should undo a square root , the round - trip operation is slightly inaccurate .
double x = 10 ; double y = sqrt( x ) ; y *= y ; if ( x == y ) cout << " Square root is exact
" ; else cout << x-y << "
" ;
In most cases , the equality test above should be written as something like the following :
double tolerance = ... if ( fabs( x - y ) < tolerance ) {...}
Here tolerance is some threshold that defines what is " close enough " for equality .
This begs the question of how close is close enough .
This can not be answered in the abstract ; you have to know something about your particular problem to know how close is close enough in your context .
Worry about Addition and Subtraction more than Multiplication and Division
The relative errors in multiplication and division are always small .
Addition and subtraction , on the other hand , can result in complete loss of precision .
Really the problem is subtraction ; addition can only be a problem when the two numbers being added have opposite signs , so you can think of that as subtraction .
Still , code might be written with a " + " that is really subtraction .
Subtraction is a problem when the two numbers being subtracted are nearly equal .
The more nearly equal the numbers , the greater the potential for loss of precision .
Specifically , if two numbers agree to n bits , n bits of precision may be lost in the subtraction .
This may be easiest to see in the extreme :
If two numbers are not equal in theory but they are equal in their machine representation , their difference will be calculated as zero , 100 % loss of precision .
Here 's an example where such loss of precision comes up often .
The derivative of a function f at a point x is defined to be the limit of ( f( x+h ) - f( x ) ) / h as h goes to zero .
So a natural approach to computing the derivative of a function would be to evaluate ( f( x+h ) - f( x ) ) / h for some small h .
In theory , the smaller h is , the better this fraction approximates the derivative .
In practice , accuracy improves for a while , but past some point smaller values of h result in worse approximations to the derivative .
As h gets smaller , the approximation error gets smaller but the numerical error increases .
This is because the subtraction f( x+h ) - f( x ) becomes problematic .
If you take h small enough ( after all , in theory , smaller is better ) then f( x+h ) will equal f( x ) to machine precision .
This means all derivatives will be computed as zero , no matter what the function , if you just take h small enough .
Here 's an example computing the derivative of sin(x ) at x = 1 .
cout << std::setprecision ( 15 ) ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < 20 ; ++i ) { double h = pow ( 10 . 0 , - i ) ; cout << ( sin ( 1 .0+h ) - sin( 1 . 0 ) ) /h << "
" ; } cout << " True result : " << cos( 1 . 0 ) << "
" ;
Here is the output of the code above .
To make the output easier to understand , digits after the first incorrect digit have been replaced with periods .
0.4 ...........
0.53 .......... 0.53 .......... 0.5402 ........ 0.5402 ........
0.540301 ...... 0.5403022 .....
0.540302302 ... 0.54030235 ....
0.5403022 .....
0.540301 ...... 0.54034 ....... 0.53 .......... 0.544 ......... 0.55 .......... 0 0 0 0 True result : 0.54030230586814
The accuracy improves as h gets smaller until h = 10 < sup >-8</sup > .
Past that point , accuracy decays due to loss of precision in the subtraction .
When h = 10 < sup >- 16 </ sup > or smaller , the output is exactly zero because sin( 1.0+h ) equals sin( 1.0 ) to machine precision .
( In fact , 1+h equals 1 to machine precision .
More on that below . )
( The results above were computed with Visual C++ 2008 .
When compiled with gcc 4.2.3 on Linux , the results were the same except of the last four numbers .
Where VC ++ produced zeros , gcc produced negative numbers : - 0.017 ... , - 0.17 ... , - 1.7 ... , and 17 ....)
What do you do when your problem requires subtraction and it's going to cause a loss of precision ?
Sometimes the loss of precision is n't a problem ; double s start out with a lot of precision to spare .
When the precision is important , it 's often possible to use some trick to change the problem so that it does n't require subtraction , or does n't require the same subtraction that you started out with .
See the CodeProject article Avoiding Overflow , Underflow , and Loss of Precision for an example of using algebraic trickery to change the quadratic formula into form more suitable for retaining precision .
See also comparing three methods of computing standard deviation for an example of how algebraically equivalent methods can perform very differently .
Floating Point Numbers have Finite Ranges
Everyone knows that floating point numbers have finite ranges , but this limitation can show up in unexpected ways .
For example , you may find the output of the following lines of code surprising .
float f = 16777216 ; cout << f << " " << f+1 << "
" ;
This code prints the value 16777216 twice .
What happened ?
According to the IEEE specification for floating point arithmetic , a float type is 32 bits wide .
Twenty four of these bits are devoted to the significand ( what used to be called the mantissa ) and the rest to the exponent .
The number 16777216 is 2 < sup>24</sup > and so the float variable f has no precision left to represent f+1 .
A similar phenomena would happen for 2 < sup > 53 </ sup > if f were of type double because a 64 - bit double devotes 53 bits to the significand .
The following code prints 0 rather than 1 .
x = 9007199254740992 ; cout << ( ( x+1 ) - x ) << "
" ;
We can also run out of precision when adding small numbers to moderate - sized numbers .
For example , the following code prints " Sorry ! " because DBL_EPSILON ( defined in float.h ) is the smallest positive number e such that 1 + e != 1 when using double types .
x = 1 . 0 ; y = x + 0 . 5 *DBL_EPSILON ; if ( x == y ) cout << " Sorry !
" ;
Similarly , the constant FLT_EPSILON is the smallest positive number e such that 1 + e is not 1 when using float types .
Use Logarithms to Avoid Overflow and Underflow
The limitations of floating point numbers described in the previous section stem from having a limited number of bits in the significand .
Overflow and underflow result from also having a finite number of bits in the exponent .
Some numbers are just too large or too small to store in a floating point number .
Many problems appear to require computing a moderate - sized number as the ratio of two enormous numbers .
The final result may be representable as a floating point number even though the intermediate results are not .
In this case , logarithms provide a way out .
If you want to compute M/N for large numbers M and N , compute log ( M ) - log( N ) and apply exp ( ) to the result .
For example , probabilities often involve ratios of factorials , and factorials become astronomically large quickly .
For N > 170 , N ! is larger than DBL_MAX , the largest number that can be represented by a double ( without extended precision ) .
But it is possible to evaluate expressions such as 200 ! /( 190 ! 10 ! ) without overflow as follows :
x = exp ( logFactorial ( 200 ) - logFactorial ( 190 ) - logFactorial ( 10 ) ) ;
A simple but inefficient logFactorial function could be written as follows :
double logFactorial ( int n ) { double sum =
0 . 0 ; for ( int i = 2 ; i <= n ; ++i ) sum += log (( double ) i ) ; return sum ; }
A better approach would be to use a log gamma function if one is available .
See How to calculate binomial probabilities for more information .
Numeric Operations do n't Always Return Numbers
Because floating point numbers have their limitations , sometimes floating point operations return " infinity " as a way of saying " the result is bigger than I can handle . "
For example , the following code prints 1.#INF on Windows and inf on Linux .
x = DBL_MAX ; cout << 2 *x << "
" ;
Sometimes the barrier to returning a meaningful result has to do with logic rather than finite precision .
Floating point data types represent real numbers ( as opposed to complex numbers ) and there is no real number whose square is - 1 .
That means there is no meaningful number to return if code requests sqrt ( - 2 ) , even in infinite precision .
In this case , floating point operations return NaN s.
These are floating point values that represent error codes rather than numbers .
NaN values display as 1.#IND on Windows and nan on Linux .
Once a chain of operations encounters a NaN , everything is a NaN from there on out .
For example , suppose you have some code that amounts to something like the following :
if ( x - x == 0 )
What could possibly keep the code following the if statement from executing ?
If x is a NaN , then so is x - x and NaN s do n't equal anything .
In fact , NaN s do n't even equal themselves .
That means that the expression x == x can be used to test whether x is a ( possibly infinite ) number .
For more information on infinities and NaN s , see IEEE floating point exceptions in C ++.
For More Information
The article What Every Computer Scientist Should Know About Floating - Point Arithmetic explains floating point arithmetic in great detail .
It may be what every computer scientist would know ideally , but very few will absorb everything presented there .
History
My lovely sister - in - law , Missy , brings these little wonders to my house each Fourth of July .
They ’re as simple as it gets : Cream cheese - stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon .
Cook ‘em .
Pop ‘em in your mouth .
Sing praises .
Faint .
They ’re absolutely addictive .
If you have them , slip on some latex gloves for the pepper prep ...
Cut jalapenos in half , length - wise .
With a spoon , remove the seeds and white membrane ( the source of the heat ; leave a little if you like things HOT ) .
Smear softened cream cheese into each jalapeno half .
Wrap jalapeno with bacon pieces ( 1/3 slice ) .
Secure by sticking toothpick through the middle .
Bake on a pan with a rack in a 375 - degree oven for 20 - 25 minutes .
You do n’t want the bacon to shrink so much it starts to the squeeze the jalapeno .
If , after 20 minutes , the bacon does n’t look brown enough , just turn on the broiler for a couple of minutes to finish it off .
These are best when the jalapeno still has a bit of bite to it .
Serve immediately , or they ’re also great at room temperature .
You ’ll love these so much , you ’re gonna come out of your skin .
Or something like that .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
These are evil .
And they must be destroyed .
My lovely sister - in - law , Missy , brings these little wonders to my house each Fourth of July and they have made a huge impression on my life .
I ’ve decided that I never want to be without them , they ’re so fundamental to my survival at this point .
And they ’re as simple as it gets : Cream cheese - stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon .
Cook ’em .
Pop ’em in your mouth .
Sing praises .
Faint .
They ’re absolutely addictive .
The only problem arises when our father - in - law is on the premises when Missy arrives bearing these puppies .
I love and respect the man , but I usually have to fight him off with a cattle prod just to ensure I get one or two .
It is n’t ever pretty .
He loves these things .
But enough of our family dysfunction ; let ’s get started , shall we ?
The Cast of Characters : Fresh Jalapenos , Cream Cheese , and Bacon .
Three ingredients !
This is simple stuff .
Start with a jalapeno .
Hello , jalapeno !
Try to find ones that are 2 to 3 inches long ; not too big .
Slice the jalapeno in half length - wise .
Ack !
I just love this shot — looks like I ’m about to lob off my fingers .
Please , please do n’t lob off your fingers .
Now it ’s time to seed them .
( Or is it " de - seed ? " I never do quite get that whole thing . )
With a spoon , gently scrape out the seeds and white membranes .
This process moves pretty quickly .
If you ’re impervious to the spiciness , you can leave a little membrane and / or a couple of seeds inside .
If you prefer things a little on the mild side , go ahead and clean ’em out reeeeel gooooood .
Now cut the bacon slices into thirds .
I usually just go ahead and cut the whole package at once .
I like shortcuts .
Now unwrap the softened cream cheese and your assembly line is all set !
Now start smearing cream cheese inside each jalapeno half .
No need to be particularly neat about it …
Just schmear it in there generously .
Just keep going until you have the quantity you want .
That ’s the great thing about this recipe : you can make as few as two or as many as 49,382 !
There ’s no huge commitment .
Now take a piece ( 1/3 slice ) of bacon and wrap it around the jalapeno .
Wrap it snugly , but not too tightly .
Keep going until you ’re finished .
Now stick a toothpick through the middle of each one ; this will keep the bacon from coming off in the oven .
Place them on a pan with a rack ( so bacon grease can escape ) and bake at 375 degrees for 20 - 25 minutes .
Here ’s what they ’ll look like :
Oh , baby .
Oh , oh , oh baby .
These are so divine , you should seriously consider making four or five times the quantity you think you ’ll need .
In an unexpected twist , Hyacinth ’s husband came to our little shindig and plopped a couple of these on top of his burger !
What a great idea .
No , go forth and wrap jalapenos with bacon .
You ’ll never , ever regret it .
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth announced Wednesday that his company , Canonical , will hire professional designers and interaction experts to improve the usability of the Linux desktop software ecosystem .
They will work closely with upstream developers to bring a better experience to users of the open source operating system .
The charismatic frontman of the Ubuntu phenomenon made headlines for his keynote at OSCON earlier this year when he called for the open source software community to take on Apple and Microsoft and turn Linux into a platform that delivers superior usability and attractiveness .
He echoed that sentiment on Monday when he announced plans for the upcoming Ubuntu 9.04 release ( Jaunty Jackalope ) and proclaimed that Ubuntu is ready to win in the consumer market and could be shipped on millions of devices in the coming year .
Shuttleworth is now backing up his tough talk with fat wads of cash and taking the first steps toward formulating a real plan for achieving his goals .
In his announcement , he emphasizes the importance of making usability enhancement a community - driven effort .
He acknowledges that improving usability across the entire scope of the desktop software ecosystem is a daunting challenge , but he believes that the collaborative spirit of the open software development model can get the job done .
" [ I ] have a deep belief in the power of the free software process to solve seemingly intractable problems , especially in the long tail .
If we articulate a comprehensive design ethic , a next - generation HIG , we can harness the wisdom of crowds to find corner cases and inconsistencies across a much broader portfolio of applications than one person or company could do alone , " he wrote in a blog entry .
" That 's why it 's so important to me that Canonical 's design and user experience team also participate in upstream projects across the board . "
Another way in which Shuttleworth 's announcement is noteworthy is that it reflects an expansion of Canonical 's commitment to contribute back to the open source software community .
Although Ubuntu is widely recognized as the front - runner in the desktop Linux market , Canonical itself is still a relatively small company .
Historically , Canonical has not had the resources to make big upstream code contributions on the same scale as other players like Red Hat and Novell .
This has been a source of some bitterness and controversy in the open source software community .
In addition to focusing on the importance of working with upstream developers , Shuttleworth also defends Canonical 's track record and past contributions while vowing to bring resources and funding to contribute to development of Xorg and other essential parts of the Linux desktop .
" We focus most of our effort on integration .
Our competitors turn that into ' Canonical does n't contribute ' but it 's more accurate to say we measure our contribution in the effectiveness with which we get the latest stable work of upstream , with security maintenance , to the widest possible audience for testing and love .
To my mind , that 's a huge contribution , " he wrote .
" Increasingly , though , Canonical is in a position to drive real change in the software that is part of Ubuntu . [...]
So we are also hiring a team who will work on X , OpenGL , Gtk , Qt , GNOME and KDE , with a view to doing some of the heavy lifting required to turn those desktop experience ideas into reality . "
The strategy that is starting to take shape looks very sound .
Canonical is aiming to approach desktop usability from two directions : the company will work to improve the bottom layer of the desktop stack in order to facilitate more innovation in the top layers , and will also bring in usability experts and designers to guide user interface development and make it beautiful .
Ubuntu is known for its top - notch usability , so this seems like a good place for Canonical to start contributing .
It may not be enough to beat Apple , but it 's a step in the right direction .
Release : Validation Plugin 1.4
A new release of the validation plugin is done , now at version 1.4 .
Along a few bug fixes , notable new features are custom messages specified via metadata and enabling an image button to cancel validation ( just add class= ” cancel ” ) .
New localizations are czech ( cs ) and dutch ( nl ) .
Also the deprecated methods minLength , maxLength , rangeLength , minValue , maxValue and rangeValue have been removed , in favor of their minlength , maxlength , rangelength , min , max and range counterparts .
The complete list of changes :
Fixed # 2931 , validate elements in document order and ignore type=image inputs
Fixed usage of $ and jQuery variables , now fully comptible with all variations of noConflict usage
Implemented # 2908 , enabling custom messages via metadata ala class= ” {required : true , messages : {required : ’ required field ’}} ” , added demo / custom - messages - metadata - demo.html
Removed deprecated methods minValue ( min ) , maxValue ( max ) , rangeValue ( rangevalue ) , minLength ( minlength ) , maxLength ( maxlength ) , rangeLength ( rangelength )
Fixed # 2215 regression : Call unhighlight only for current elements , not everything
Implemented # 2989 , enabling image button to cancel validation
Fixed issue where IE incorrectly validates against maxlength=0
Added czech ( cs ) localization
Reset validator.submitted on validator.resetForm ( ) , enabling a full reset when necessary
Fixed # 3035 , skipping all falsy attributes when reading rules ( 0 , undefined , empty string ) , removed part of the maxlength workaround ( for 0 )
Added dutch ( nl ) localization ( #3201 )
- Jörn
3D Chalk street art has always been one of my favorite types of Optical Illusions .
This collection is of 25 Incredible 3d Chalk drawings from all around the world !
They include works of very artists such as Julian Beever and Tracy Stum and various other artists .
If you have ever wondered how they created these amazing pieces of art , check out a video by julain beaver drawing the fountian of youth .
All of these street arts are new to me , its exciting to find new chalk artists !
So which one is your favorite ?
Much has been made of Barack Obama ’s TV ad this week that accuses John McCain of being “ in the pocket ” of the oil industry , and yesterday the Democratic Party launched a website pairing McCain and Exxon Mobil as running - mates .
While McCain has raised considerably more money from this unpopular industry , CRP was surprised to notice that it ’s actually Obama who has received more from the pockets of employees at several of Big Oil ’s biggest and most recognizable companies .
Tallying contributions by employees in the industry and their families , we found that Exxon , Chevron and BP have all contributed more money to Obama than to McCain .
Through June , Exxon employees have given Obama $ 42,100 to McCain ’s $ 35,166 .
Chevron favors Obama $ 35,157 to $ 28,500 , and Obama edges out McCain with BP $ 16,046 vs. $ 11,500 .
McCain leads the money race with nearly every other top giver in the oil and gas industry , though — Koch Industries , Valero , Marathon Oil , Occidental Petroleum , ConocoPhillips , the list goes on .
( You can see detail on all these companies in the spreadsheet linked below . )
McCain also has a big edge with Hess Corp. — $ 91,000 to Obama ’s $ 8,000 — which has gotten some attention .
And , overall , McCain ’s campaign has gotten three times more money from the industry than Obama ’s has — $ 1.3 million compared to about $ 394,000 .
Comparing Obama ’s and McCain ’s financial ties to the oil industry , there ’s no question that McCain has benefited more from the industry ’s contributions , just as his Republican Party has for years and years .
But Obama ’s edge with the oil producers Americans know best — and might be cursing most these days — makes it harder for him to continue to tar McCain as the industry ’s darling .
Still , this chart shows vividly how the industry ’s support for McCain ’s candidacy has surged in the last few months .
It ’s been pointed out that giving shot up after the presumptive Republican nominee announced his support for offshore drilling , but you ’ll see that the trend started months before that .
Oil industry support for John McCain ’s candidacy has surged since he announced his support for expanded drilling offshore in June , but he had pulled away from Obama months before that .
FusionCharts .
So , has oil money gushed toward McCain because he recently became a supporter of offshore drilling , or is the industry giving to him now because other Republican candidates , whom the industry preferred , dropped out ?
Ask your neighborhood oil executive , who may turn out to be an Obama supporter .
DATA DETAIL :
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
After 43 years as the lead voice on Georgia 's radio network , play - by - play announcer Larry
Munson announced Monday that he has retired , effective immediately .
Larry Munson , in his 43rd season calling play - by - play for the Bulldogs , is calling it quits .
Rick Diamond / Getty Images
The 85 - year - old Munson called No. 3 Georgia 's first two home games this season but said he will not be in the booth Saturday when the Bulldogs take on No. 8 Alabama .
" I can't express enough my deep feelings toward the Georgia football fans , " Munson said in a statement released by Georgia .
" They have been so friendly especially during this most recent period of time .
I feel I owe them so much more than I can give .
I 'll remember all the great times with the Dogs and have the fondest wishes and good luck toward them all . "
Munson , who underwent surgery April 4 to remove blood clots from his
brain , cut back on his schedule last season , when he worked only
home games .
Georgia said Scott Howard and Eric Zeier will work the
remaining home and road games .
" Not having him in the booth is something that every Georgia fan is going to miss , " said Zeier , a former Georgia quarterback .
" He 's an iconic figure at the university .
It was an honor for me to have played in games he called , and to have worked with him the last couple of years was quite a thrill .
He might not be there in the booth , but he 'll be in mind and spirit with every Georgia fan . "
Munson , who turns 86 on Sunday , spent several weeks at a rehabilitation facility in Atlanta this summer , but was in good enough health to return to the radio booth for Georgia 's Aug. 30 opener against FCS opponent Georgia Southern .
I was startled , but it brought home to me what a powerful get - out - of - jail - free card McCain had earned by not getting out of jail free .
His brutal hiatus in the Hanoi Hilton is one of the most stirring narratives ever told on the presidential trail  a trail full of heroic war stories .
It created an enormous credit line of good will with the American people .
It also allowed McCain , the errant son of the admiral who was the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific during Vietnam  his jailers dubbed McCain the “ Crown Prince ”  to give himself some credit .
“ He has been preoccupied with escaping the shadow of his father and establishing his own image and identity in the eyes of others , ” read a psychiatric evaluation in his medical files .
“ He feels his experiences and performance as a P.O.W. have finally permitted this to happen . ”
The ordeal also gave a more sympathetic cast to his carousing .
As Robert Timberg wrote in “ John McCain : An American Odyssey , ” “ What is true is that a number of P.O.W. ’s , in those first few years after their release , often acted erratically , their lives pockmarked by drastic mood swings and uncharacteristic behavior before achieving a more mellow equilibrium . ”
Timberg said Hemingway ’s line that people were stronger in the broken places was not always right .
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
So it ’s hard to believe that John McCain is now in danger of exceeding his credit limit on the equivalent of an American Express black card .
His campaign is cheapening his greatest strength  and making a mockery of his already dubious claim that he ’s reticent to talk about his P.O.W. experience  by flashing the P.O.W. card to rebut any criticism , no matter how unrelated .
The captivity is already amply displayed in posters and TV advertisements .
Recently , it seems to have become the mark of a really A - list historical disaster that it has featured on Doctor Who .
So it was , for instance , during the most recent season that the Doctor , fresh from having prevented a Titanic - shaped spaceship from crash - landing on London , arrived in the Roman town of Pompeii .
The date , of course , was AD79 : the fateful year in which Mount Vesuvius spectacularly blew .
The episode was to prove a witty and knowing manipulation of the gap between many of the favourite myths about life in Roman times , and what the evidence for them from Pompeii actually suggests .
Particularly cherishable was its gold medal - winning effort in what has become celebrated among classicists as the " dormouse test " : the principle that the longer it takes for the delicacy to be mentioned in a drama set in ancient Rome , the more authentic the reconstruction is likely to be .
In Doctor Who , it took a peckish Pompeiian a bare two minutes to demand said dormouse .
Now , in a new book , the inventor of that test , the Cambridge classicist Mary Beard , has provided her own reconstruction of Pompeii .
As her concern with dormice suggests , she is a historian who has always been fascinated by the stereotypes we have of ancient Rome : both how they came into being , and how valid they are likely to be .
Indeed , such is the relish with which she goes about her myth - busting that it seems to reflect not scorn , but rather a wry affection for the myths themselves .
What better theme for her , then , than Pompeii ?
After all , ever since excavations of the buried city began in the mid-18th century , it has provided us with the nearest thing we are ever likely to have to a freeze - frame from the ancient past - and yet many of our presumptions about what it can teach us turn out , on closer inspection , to crumble to dust .
Hence what Beard , coining another catchy formula , terms the " Pompeii paradox " : " that we simultaneously know a huge amount and very little about ancient life there " .
Part of the problem is that the city 's population was not , as Doctor Who suggested , wiped out in a single day amid a wholly unanticipated cataclysm .
On the contrary : all but the brave or foolhardy had already fled their homes before the climactic pyroclastic surge descended from Vesuvius to entomb the remaining Pompeiians for good .
The implications of this for archaeologists and historians , as Beard makes clear in a typically invigorating chapter , are profound : for what we have frozen in Pompeii is not a scene from everyday life , but rather a place that was already well on its way to becoming a ghost town .
The denuded character of the houses bears witness less to a taste for minimalism , than to wholesale evacuation .
Nor is that the only complicating factor .
The very fame of Pompeii , the fact that it has been the most famous archaeological site in the world for so long , means that centuries ' worth of repairs and restorations have added their own overlay to the Roman originals .
Emblematic of this process is the so - called Villa of the Mysteries , which seemingly portrays a Dionysiac initiation rite on its walls : it certainly sparkles , and yet , as Beard points out , " that sparkle is not an ancient one " , but rather the consequence of a touching - up in 1909 .
Even more insidious is the sheer impact of the villa 's name : for the truth is that we cannot be certain that its friezes illustrate a mystery ritual at all .
It is not only the dust and ash of Vesuvius , then , that historians need to excavate in their attempts to see through to the classical past of Pompeii , but also , in many cases , the theories and presumptions of the excavators who went before them .
Yet if Beard 's book is a vivid demonstration that sceptical scholarship can provide as gripping a read as sensationalism , that does not mean that the author shrinks from providing her own exploration of what life might actually have been like .
In many ways , it is an extraordinarily vivid one .
Her Pompeii is a city in which dogs howl , late - night drunks carouse , and everyone has bad breath .
It is a city in which , as Beard points out with some glee , a household of perhaps some 30 people had only a single lavatory between them , and the crowds at the amphitheatre not even that : " 20,000 people and nowhere but the stairs and corridors to take a piss . "
Above all , it is a city that is infinitely messier and less systematised than the guide books ever allow : where the presence of sexually explicit graffiti on a wall does not necessarily suggest a brothel , and where the baths , as well as providing a bather with " a place of wonder , pleasure and beauty " , were so polluted that " they might also have killed him " .
And how does Beard herself fare with the dormouse test ?
Sure enough , some three - quarters of the way through Pompeii , we are shown the illustration of a " dormouse - jar " : a curious pot in which the wretched rodents could be kept alive while being fattened up .
It is an image that perfectly sums up the portrait of Pompeii we are given in this learned and fascinating book : a myth that is not wholly a myth , but something even more remarkable and strange .
· Tom Holland 's Millennium is published by Little , Brown .
One shaken Lehman shareholder had a million reasons to mourn the loss of his former company yesterday .
Actually , 6 million .
“ I ’ve lost more than $ 6 million overnight , ” lamented David Shorr , standing in front of Lehman Brothers ’ Midtown headquarters as hundreds of stunned and depressed workers milled around him .
“ I ’m wiped out , ” said the 49 - year - old Upper East Sider .
Shorr currently works as a “ wealth adviser , ” a senior vice president , at Morgan Stanley .
But he spent years at Lehman before that – and said his stocks and benefits from his tenure at the now - defunct investment powerhouse are all worthless .
Shorr could muster only a slight smile as he read a large sidewalk placard , with an unflattering depiction of Lehman CEO Richard Fuld , being signed by angry employees and onlookers .
“ What the hell was he thinking ? ” asked Shorr , who placed much of the blame on the hard - charging executive who has been one of the country ’s highest - paid CEOs .
When asked if he had any hopes of recovering his nest egg , Shorr just shook his head and waved his hand .
“ It ’s gone , ” he said with a sigh .
Fueling the anger at Fuld are reports that the CEO refused multiple bailouts offers , including a chance , as recently as August , to sell a 25 percent stake in Lehman for $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion to Korea Development Bank .
Several Lehman employees leaving their offices yesterday declined to be interviewed .
But one desperate veteran worker met the request with one of his own : “ Can you pay me for my story ? ”
braden.keil@nypost.com
McCain spent $ 5 K for celebrity make - up artist RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday September 24 , 2008
Print This Email This
It 's not cheap to get John McCain 's 72 - year - old face ready for prime - time .
The celebrity gossips at US Weekly report the Republican presidential candidate has spent more than $ 5,500 for a makeup artist better known for her work in Hollywood .
John McCain , whose ads skewer Barack Obama for his " celebrity " status , has his own close ties to show business , the new issue of Us Weekly reports exclusively .
The 72 - year - old was recently made TV - ready by makeup artist Tifanie White who 's worked on So You Think You Can Dance and American Idol .
McCain paid the 2002 beauty - school grad $ 5,583.43 for her services , according to the Federal Election Commission .
White did McCain 's makeup before a televised forum at the Saddleback Church last month and before an unknown number of additional appearances .
A McCain spokesperson would n't comment when asked about the makeup services .
It 's not unusual for politicians to employ professional cosmetologists before appearing on television .
As Raw Story reported earlier this year former GOP candidate Mitt Romney spent $ 2,000 for makeup artists when he was governor of Massachusetts .
And who can forget Democrat John Edwards ' infamous $ 400 haircuts .
A reader writes :
Poor Katie !
She tried and tried , did n't she ?
But that Sarah ...
Before she opened her mouth I thought she was simply under qualified , albeit pretty .
Now , after hearing how Putin flying over Alaska airspace gives her foreign policy experience , and this " So health care reform and reducing taxes and reining in spending has got to accompany tax reductions , and tax relief for Americans , and trade we have got to see trade as opportunity , not as , uh , competitive , um , scary thing , but one in five jobs created in the trade sector today . " --
I 've changed my mind .
I think she 's just dumber than a door knob .
Seriously .
By Sanjaya Jena
Bhubaneswar
An inseparable bond developed between man and bear
A tribal man in India who rescued an abandoned bear cub to help his daughter overcome her mother 's death has fallen foul of forestry officials .
They confiscated the animal arguing that its capture was in contravention of wildlife laws .
As a result , Ramesh Munda , 35 , was briefly jailed and the bear was sent to a zoo where some reports say it has refused to eat .
His daughter is now distraught over the loss of a " much - loved " family friend .
Mutual affection Mr Munda , who is also known as Ram Singh , rescued Rani almost two years ago from the dense forest of Keonjhar in the eastern state of Orissa .
From the moment the cub was recovered , both man and animal appeared to develop an unusual bond of love .
Mr Munda says that he had a happy family Such was the level of affection between the bear and Mr Munda 's family , that the local press began to write stories about this rare example of mutual affection .
But Orissa forestry department officials were not so sentimental .
Keonjhar district forest officials arrested and jailed him under the Wildlife Protection Act and sent Rani to Nandankanan Zoological Park .
Now both man and animal are pining to be reunited , with the bear reportedly refusing to eat any food .
Deserted Recently released on bail , Mr Munda is desperately looking for an opportunity to visit Nandankanan and spend a few moments with Rani .
" I brought her up like my own daughter Gulki .
I 'm eager to meet her , " he said .
Little Gulki , who spent her childhood with Rani , is also shedding tears over the absence of her furry friend .
She has now been reunited with her father after his time in prison , but the pair are pining for Rani .
Nandankanan Zoo director Ajit Patnaik insisted that Rani was doing well in the zoo .
" She is absolutely well and taking her normal food .
If Ram Singh wants to meet the bear , we can allow him , " he said .
Mr Munda stumbled upon the newborn bear during one of his regular visits to the forest to collect firewood .
The cub had been deserted by its mother .
Mr Munda fed it and the animal ate , drank and slept with father and daughter .
The trio have even been seen riding around on a bicycle .
The tale of the confiscated cub has evoked strong protests from wildlife activists , who accuse officials of hypocrisy .
" The rights of animals and reptiles to live a life of freedom in their natural surroundings in the dense forests of the state are being illegally violated by the zoo authorities , " Wildlife Society of Orissa secretary Biswajit Mohanty said .
India 's Wildlife Protection
Act stipulates that only a wild animal dangerous to human life or which is diseased or disabled beyond recovery can be kept in captivity .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
News in Science
China targets space station , moon
China has set its sights on a trip to the moon and an orbiting space station after completing a historic mission that included the country 's first space walk .
China laid out the ambitious targets after the return to earth of its third human mission into space , a 68 - hour voyage hailed as a major boost to its space ambitions .
" We believe that as long as we can make further progress in science and technology , we can achieve the dream of a manned space flight to the moon in the near future , " says Wang Zhaoyao , spokesman for China 's space programme .
China is aiming to build a long - term orbiting space facility in 2020 , followed by a lunar mission at an undetermined date , says Wang .
He adds that China 's plans called for new missions from 2011 aimed at developing the knowledge - such as docking technologies - required for long - term space habitation .
These would ultimately build up to a lunar mission , he says , although he did not give a date .
" We believe it is necessary for China to do ( a human lunar mission ) , " says Wang .
However , he did not specify whether that meant a lunar landing or merely an orbital mission .
China sent its first human into space in 2003 , following up with a two - person mission in 2005 .
The success of the program has frequently given rise to speculation about a possible lunar mission , but Wang stressed that the technical capabilities of such an undertaking would be daunting even for China 's fast - expanding space reach .
Historic spacewalk
On Saturday , mission commander Zhai Zhigang etched his name in the history books with a 15 - minute walk in space that set another milestone in China 's transformation into a global power .
" The mission was glorious and full of challenges but the result was perfect .
I feel proud of my country , " says Zhai .
Zhai was watched on television by countless millions around the globe as his spacewalk brought China alongside the United States and the former Soviet Union as the only nations to complete a spacewalk .
During the excursion , Zhai wore a Chinese - made spacesuit that also has been touted as a breakthrough in China 's technical capacity .
Tethered to the craft with two safety wires and holding a Chinese flag , Zhai retrieved a test sample of a solid lubricant placed outside the orbital module during the spacewalk .
The modest drill was intended to replicate the type of task that future spacewalkers will have to perform .
The spacewalk was the highlight of the voyage and is considered an important step towards China 's plans to building a space station .
Liliana Segura
AlterNet
September 1 , 2008 .
" St. Paul is a free country ! " cried a resident of Iglehart Avenue , a neighborhood street in St. Paul , Minn. , as she watched her next - door neighbor ’s house being overtaken by police officers on Saturday afternoon .
Just one in a series of house raids over a 24 - hour period the weekend before the Republican National Convention , St. Paul police surrounded the private home with weapons drawn , detaining people in the backyard , while journalists , activists and neighbors — including several children — looked on .
Their crime ?
None whatsoever .
No one was trespassing or engaging in acts of civil disobedience .
Instead , members of I - Witness Video , a New York - based media watchdog group that records police activity in order to protect civil liberties , were holding an organizing meeting at 949 Iglehart , the home of St. Paul resident Mike Whalen , when armed police officers arrived in the early afternoon and ordered their surrender .
Among them was Eileen Clancy , founder of I - Witness Video , as well as a producer with Democracy Now !
DN ! host Amy Goodman and her staff had just arrived at Minneapolis / St. Paul International Airport when they received word that producer Elizabeth Press was in the house and being threatened with arrest .
An urgent alert had been sent by Clancy :
This is Eileen Clancy . …
The house where I - Witness Video is staying in St. Paul has been surrounded by police .
We have locked all the doors .
We have been told that if we leave we will be detained .
One of our people who was caught outside is being detained in handcuffs in front of the house .
The police say that they are waiting to get a search warrant .
More than a dozen police are wielding firearms …
… We are asking the public to contact the office of St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman at 651-266-8510 to stop this house arrest , this gross intimidation by police officers , and the detention of media activists and reporters .
By the time we arrived at the 900 block at Iglehart
Ave a short while later , the people in the house had been handcuffed and taken out back .
Police officers could be seen sitting in unmarked cars , blocking off the residential street , where a growing crowd of observers gathered in front and across the street from the blue house with green columns , straining to get a glimpse of what was happening .
With two officers flanking the entrance of the house , it was hard to see anything — but moments later , a woman emerged from the house next door .
" You guys go in my backyard , " she called out .
" They ’re handcuffed back here ! "
With that , the crowd rushed around to the back , where over a short chain - link fence they spotted the handcuffed group , seated and surrounded by stoic police in sunglasses .
" These are nice people , " the neighbor admonished the cops .
" These are good people . "
Sitting with her hands behind her back , Clancy spoke calmly and deliberately as she described what had happened and answered questions from people on the other side of the fence .
Someone asked whether they had been read their Miranda rights .
" Fuck no ! " yelled one of the detainees .
As Press would later explain , a pair of police officers had actually shown up at the house earlier that day , at 11 in the morning , asking about the owner of the house .
One of them identified himself as being with the FBI .
" I think that was them just checking out the scene at the house , " said Press , who videotaped the officers coming to the door .
They claimed to want to question a former resident about an action that had occurred a few months earlier .
" We ’re not here from the convention , " one officer said .
Nervous I - Witness members did n’t know what to make of it —
" We were like , this is f-d up let ’s get out of here , " recalled Press — but they chose to finish their meeting anyway .
It was only when they were getting ready to leave that the police showed up , some 20 officers this time , with guns drawn .
Sara Coffey of the National Lawyers Guild had just left the house and was immediately handcuffed .
But , as described in Clancy ’s alert , Press and the rest of the people in the duplex refused to let the police in because they did not have a warrant .
However , at around 3:00 p.m. , a warrant materialized for the adjacent space , apartment 951 .
" They entered through 951 , detained everyone in that apartment , including the owner , " recalled Press , " … and then broke into 949 through the attic . "
The police entered with their guns drawn , ordered everyone ’s hands up and handcuffed them .
Their belongings were confiscated and searched , and the group was assembled in the backyard .
But soon after the crowd gathered with video cameras and legal observers , including an attorney for Mike Whalen — and after Amy Goodman jumped the fence to interview people and ask the cops why they were holding nonviolent people who had done nothing wrong — they were released .
Preemptive Strikes
Unlike the preceding raids , including one targeting the convergence space of the RNC Welcoming Committee — an anarchist group dubiously described by Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher as " a criminal enterprise … intent on committing criminal acts " — the raid on the I - Witness house was specifically designed to target media activists whose mission is to hold police officers responsible for abusing their authority .
I - Witness Video was instrumental in documenting police abuse during the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York , during which some 1,800 people were arrested .
Working in cooperation with the National Lawyers Guild , I - Witness Video led to the dismissal of charges or the acquittal of some 400 protesters .
This summer , New York City authorities subpoenaed I - Witness Video for tapes from the protests .
In an interview with Democracy Now ! on Aug. 1 , Clancy discussed the group ’s plans for the political conventions .
We ’re going to bring a crew to both presidential conventions .
It ’s pretty exciting .
I mean , one of the reasons we ’re very interested in covering the conventions is ( not ) because we want … bad things to happen , but because the focus of the federal government , the law enforcement agencies and all that is very keenly directed at demonstrators .
And when you cover these events completely , you ’re able to see the patterns .
The patterns emerge .
" I- Witness definitely does document things like police brutality and policing in general during situations of conflict , " I - Witness member Emily Foreman , one of three members who managed to leave the house only to be followed by police and pulled over on their bikes , told a reporter with The Uptake after the raid , noting that that could make the group a target , " not because of anything illegal but because of our interest in upholding the law . "
Nevertheless , the list of items police were looking for would suggest the activists were nothing short of terror suspects .
" Packages and contents , firearms and ammunition , holsters , cleaning equipment for firearms , ( and ) weapons devices " were included in the warrant read by Whalen , who spoke to reporters shortly after his handcuffs were removed .
Asked what connection he had to the I - Witness Video activists , he replied , " no connection , " adding , " People needed a place to stay , and I support the work they do . "
Series of Raids
All told , six raids took place in St. Paul in 24 hours , resulting in six arrests .
( Read about the other raids here . )
On Sunday , the Minnesota Chapter of the National Lawyers Guild sent out a press release announcing that it is " seeking prompt judicial review " of the " preventative detentions " of the six people arrested , all of whom remain on " probable cause holds " in the Ramsey County Jail .
According to the press release : " In Minnesota , a probable cause hold can be ordered by a police officer without a prosecutor or a judge reviewing a criminal complaint .
Due to the arrest occurring on a weekend holiday , all six citizens can be held until Wednesday , September 3 , 2008 , without the filing of a formal charge . "
The extent of the federal involvement in the raids is not entirely clear .
Although they were reportedly spearheaded by the Ramsey County Sheriff ’s office , St. Paul Police coordinated them with the FBI .
Furthermore , according to the Star Tribune , the raids were " aided by informants planted in protest groups . "
Indeed , as Glenn Greenwald reminded readers on Sunday , the Minneapolis Joint Terrorist Task Force spent months recruiting people to spy on activist groups planning to protest the RNC .
On May 21 , the Minneapolis City Pages ran a bizarre but chilling story titled " Moles Wanted , " about the recruitment efforts by the task force — specifically , attempts to enlist people to " attend ‘ vegan potlucks ’ throughout the Twin Cities and rub shoulders with RNC protesters " in a mission to " investigate terrorist acts carried out by groups or organizations which fall within the definition of terrorist groups as set forth in the current United States Attorney General Guidelines . "
" This is all part of a larger government effort to quell political dissent , " attorney Jordan Kushner , told the City Pages at the time .
" The Joint Terrorism Task Force is another example of using the buzzword ‘ terrorism ’ as a basis to clamp down on people ’s freedoms and push forward a more authoritarian government . "
With most of the subjects of the raids eventually released , the consensus among activists at the RNC in the wake of the raids is that the police actions are mainly meant to stop protests , lawful or not , before they start .
" I think what they ’re doing is trying to intimidate people , " said Press .
But even as the GOP plans to scale back its convention activities in the face of Hurricane Gustav , with multiple protests scheduled for the week , the actions of the police do not seem to be doing much to dissuade people from going forward with their plans .
The next day , a group of peaceful marchers organized by Veterans for Peace headed downtown .
With armed police officers far outnumbering protesters , several marchers were discussing the raids .
" It ’s intimidation , absolutely , " VFP member Leah Bolger said .
" People are harassed to no end . "
Although veterans groups were not among the targeted organizations , word of the raids had spread quickly among the demonstrators .
" I started this work as part of the peace movement , " said Bolger , a 20 - year veteran of the U.S. Navy .
" But more and more it ’s about civil rights . …
When I hear about the raids , it ’s just really upsetting and frightening , " she said .
But not necessarily surprising .
In this era of the supposed " war on terror , " she said , Americans have become used to trading civil rights for a perceived safety .
" They ’re willing to throw away their civil liberties . "
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Mary Harper
BBC Africa analyst
Whenever word comes out that pirates have taken yet another ship in the Somali region of Puntland , extraordinary things start to happen .
Pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia have been surging
There is a great rush to the port of Eyl , where most of the hijacked vessels are kept by the well - armed pirate gangs .
People put on ties and smart clothes .
They arrive in land cruisers with their laptops , one saying he is the pirates ' accountant , another that he is their chief negotiator .
With yet more foreign vessels seized off the coast of Somalia this week , it could be said that hijackings in the region have become epidemic .
Insurance premiums for ships sailing through the busy Gulf of Aden have increased tenfold over the past year because of the pirates , most of whom come from the semi-autonomous region of Puntland .
In Eyl , there is a lot of money to be made , and everybody is anxious for a cut .
Entire industry
The going rate for ransom payments is between $ 300,000 and $ 1.5 m ( £ 168,000 - £ 838,000 ) .
A recent visitor to the town explained how , even though the number of pirates who actually take part in a hijacking is relatively small , the whole modern industry of piracy involves many more people .
" The number of people who make the first attack is small , normally from seven to 10 , " he said .
" They go out in powerful speedboats armed with heavy weapons .
But once they seize the ship , about 50 pirates stay on board the vessel .
And about 50 more wait on shore in case anything goes wrong . "
Given all the other people involved in the piracy industry , including those who feed the hostages , it has become a mainstay of the Puntland economy .
Eyl has become a town tailor - made for pirates - and their hostages .
Special restaurants have even been set up to prepare food for the crews of the hijacked ships .
As the pirates want ransom payments , they try to look after their hostages .
When commandos from France freed two French sailors seized by pirates off the Somali coast in September , President Nicolas Sarkozy said he had given the go - ahead for the operation when it was clear the pirates were headed for Eyl - it would have been too dangerous to try to free them from there .
The town is a safe - haven where very little is done to stop the pirates - leading to the suggestion that some , at least , in the Puntland administration and beyond have links with them .
Many of them come from the same clan - the Majarteen clan of the president of Somalia 's transitional federal government , Abdullahi Yusuf .
Money to spend
The coastal region of Puntland is booming .
Fancy houses are being built , expensive cars are being bought - all of this in a country that has not had a functioning central government for nearly 20 years .
Observers say pirates made about $ 30 m from ransom payments last year - far more than the annual budget of Puntland , which is about $ 20 m .
A Canadian navy ship escorted a recent delivery of food aid to Somalia
When the president of Puntland , Adde Musa , was asked about the reported wealth of pirates and their associates , he said : " It 's more than true " .
Now that they are making so much money , these 21st Century pirates can afford increasingly sophisticated weapons and speedboats .
This means that unless more is done to stop them , they will continue to plunder the busy shipping lanes through the Gulf of Aden .
They even target ships carrying aid to feed their compatriots - up to a third of the population .
Warships from France , Canada and Malaysia , among others , now patrol the Somali coast to try and fend off pirate attacks .
An official at the International Maritime Organisation explained how the well - armed pirates are becoming increasingly bold .
More than 30 % of the world 's oil is transported through the Gulf of Aden .
" It is only a matter of time before something horrible happens , " said the official .
" If the pirates strike a hole in the tanker , and there 's an oil spill , there could be a huge environmental disaster " .
It is likely that piracy will continue to be a problem off the coast of Somalia as long as the violence and chaos continues on land .
Conflict can be very good for certain types of business , and piracy is certainly one of them .
Weapons are easy to obtain and there is no functioning authority to stop them , either on land or at sea .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
人々がRESTに挑戦しようとすると、通常、実例を探し始めます。そして、「RESTful」であると主張している多くの実例を探したり、「REST
API 」と名づけたりするだけでなく、RESTを行っていると主張する特定のサービスが何故失敗するのかに関する多くの議論を集めています。
何故、このようなことが起こるのでしょうか?
HTTPは新しいものではありません。しかし、それは様々な方法で適用されています。それらのいくつかはＷｅｂデザイナが考えていたことと一致していますが、その多くは異なります。人が利用する、他のプログラムによって利用される、あるいはその両方の目的でそれらを構築するかどうかによらず、あなたのＨＴＴＰアプリケーションにＲＥＳＴの原則を適用するということは、あなたがまさにあべこべのことをするということを意味します。つまり、あなたは「正しく」Ｗｅｂを利用しようとしているのです。あなたがその考えに異議を唱えるのなら、RESTfulな方法において、それはある意味「正しい」ですし、ある意味「誤り」です。多くの人にとって、これは確かにとても新しいアプローチなのです。
通常の標準的な否定が当てはまります。それは、ＲＥＳＴ、Ｗｅｂ、ＨＴＴＰは同じものではないということです。ＲＥＳＴは、多くの異なる技術で実装することができる一方、ＨＴＴＰは、ＲＥＳＴアーキテクチャスタイルに従った唯一の具体的なアーキテクチャです。したがって、実際には「RESTful HTTP 」を「 ＲＥＳＴ 」と区別することに注意を払うべきです。しかし、私はそうしていないので、本稿の残りではその2つが同じものであると仮定することにしましょう。
関連スポンサーコンテンツ
全ての新しいアプローチで見られるように、それはいくつかの共通のパターンに気づくのに役にたつものです。このシリーズの最初(参考記事)と2つ目の記事(参考記事)で、私は、リソースの収集、正しいリソースとなるような予測結果のマッピング、模範となるイベントへのシンジケーションの活用といった、いくつかの基本的事項についての概説を試みました。そして、将来の記事では、これらと他のパターンに関してさらに詳しく説明しようと考えています。とは言うものの、今回、私はアンチパターンについてフォーカスしたいのです。それらは、ＲＥＳＴの考えを身につけるために問題の発生した、あるいは、しようと努力したが失敗した
RESTfulなHTTP活用への試みについての典型的な例についてです。
では、私が考え出したアンチパターンの簡潔なリストから始めましょう。:
全てをGETでつなぐ 全て をPOST でつなぐ キャッシュを無視する レスポンスコードを無視する cookieを乱用する ハイパーメディアを忘れる MIME タ イプを無視する 自己記述性を壊 す
それぞれについて詳しく見ることにしましょう。
全てをGETでつなぐ
多くの人々にとって、RESTは単純にあるアプリケーションの機能を公開するためにHTTPを使用することを意味します。基本的で最も重要なオペレーション
( 厳密に言えば、 「動詞 」 や 「メソッド」がより良い表現です ) は、HTTPのGETです。GETはURIによって特定されるリソース表現が必要です。しかし、多くの場合、それがすべてではないとしても、既存のHTTPライブラリやサーバープログラミングAPIは、リソースの識別子としてではなくパラメータをエンコードするための便利な手段として見ることがとても多いです。結果、以下のようなURLとなります。:
http://example.com/some-api?method=deleteCustomer&id=1234
実際、URLを作る人は、与えられたシステムの「RESTful具合」について何も言いません。しかし、私たちは特定の場合においてGETが「安全」ではないと推測できます。おそらく、呼び出し側は結果(顧客の削除)に対して責任があるでしょう。しかし、仕様上GETをそういったケースで利用するのは誤りです。
このアプローチに賛成するメリットは、プログラムが簡単で、ブラウザからのテストが取るに足らないという点です。つまり、アドレスバーにURIを貼り付け、いくつかのパラメータに手を加えるだけで、進むことができます。このアンチパターンに関する主要な問題は、以下の通りです。:
リソース がURIによって特定されない。どちらかと言えば、URIがオペレーションとそのパラメータをコード化するのに用いられる。
HTTPメソッドが、その意味に合致していない。
そのようなリンクは、通常、ブックマークされることを目的としない。
「 クローラー 」(例えば、Googleのような検索エンジン)が予期しない副作用を引き起こすリスクがある。
このアンチパターンに従ったAPIが、実際に誤ったRestful(リンク)となっているかもしれないということに注意してください。以下の例を見てください。:
http://example.com/some-api?method=findCustomer&id=1234
これは、オペレーションとそのパラメータを特定するURIですか?
あるいは、リソースを特定するURIですか?
あなたは、その両方のケースについて議論することができます。このURIは、完全に正しいものでブックマーク可能です。その上でGETを行うのは「安全」であるかもしれません。それは、Acceptヘッダーにより異なるフォーマットに応答するかもしれません。そして、それは高度なキャッシュをサポートしています。多くの場合、これは意図的なものではありません。しばしば、APIは「読み込み」インターフェースを公開する方法で始めます。しかし、開発者が「書き込み」機能を追加し始めたとき、突如思い違いが発生します。(顧客の更新が、このURIにPUTを通して発生することはないでしょう。開発者は、おそらく新しいものを作るでしょう。)
全て をPOSTでつなぐ
このアンチパターンは最初のものと非常に似ていますが、今度は、HTTPメソッドのPOSTが使われます。POSTは、エンティティボディを転送します(単にURIではありません)。典型的なシナリオでは、異なる目的を表現するためにPOSTに対する単一のURIや異なるメッセージを使用します。これは、実際、HTTPが「トランスポートプロトコル」として使用される際に、SOAP
1.1のWebサービスがしていることです。それは、実際にSOAPメッセージで、おそらく、WS-AddressingのSOAPヘッダを含んでいて、それは発生するものを決定します。
POST を通してすべてをつなぐことは、GET の問題の全てを分かち合うと主張する人もいるでしょう。それは、単に利用するためのちょっとしたヘッダーで、(確実に)キャッシングを探すこともできません。さらに、ブックマークもサポートしません。実際、それはRESTの原則の全てに違反しているわけではないですが、単純にそれらを無視しています。
キャッシュを無視す る
あなたが、利用を目的として動詞を使用するとしても、キャッシングの機会を簡単に壊すことができます。そうする最も簡単な方法は、単純に、HTTPレスポンスに以下のようなヘッダを含めることです。:
Cache - control : no-cache
こうすることで、全てのキャッシュを簡単に破棄することができます。もちろん、これはあなたが意図しておこなったことかもしれません。しかし、多くの場合、それはWebフレームワークで指定されるデフォルト設定です。しかし、効果的なキャッシングと再バリデーションをサポートすることは、RESTful
HTTPを利用する上での重要なメリットの一つです。Sam Ruby氏は、RESTfulさを見極めるときに尋ねる重要な質問は、「ETagをサポートしていますか?」(参考記事・英語)であると言っています。(
ETagは、暗号法のチェックサムを用いてキャッシュされた表現が現在も妥当であるかをクライアントが確認することができるようにするためのもので、HTTP
1.1で導入されたメカニズムです。)正しいヘッダを作成するための最も簡単な方法は、正しいやり方を「知っている」基盤に、その一部として作業を委譲することです。たとえば、Apache HTTPDのようなWebサーバーによって与えられたディレクトリにファイルを作成することなどがあります。
もちろん、これについてはクライアント側にもあります。あなたがRESTfulサービスのためのクライアントを実装するときに、実際には、利用可能なキャッシュ機能を有効に活用するべきで、そのときは再度表現を取得する必要はありません。たとえば、サーバーは、最初の検索後600秒の間、表現が「新しい」ものであるという情報を送信したかもしれません(例.バックエンドシステムが30分おきにポールされるため)。より短い時間で同じ情報を繰り返しリクエストすることは、全く意味がありません。サーバーサイドでも同様で、クライアントサイドに対するSquidのようなプロキシキャッシュを利用することは、ロジックを自身で構築するよりもより良い選択肢であると思います。
HTTPのキャッシングは、強力ですが複雑です。とても良いガイドとして、Mark Nottingham氏のキャッシュチュートリアル(リンク)を参照してください。
ステータスコードを無視する
多く のWeb開発者に知られていないことですが、HTTPは様々なケースに対処するための非常に豊富なアプリケーションレベルのステータスコード(リンク)セットを持っています。多くの人は、200 ( “ OK ” ) 、404 ( “ Not found ” ) 、500 ( “ Internal server error ” ) は知っているでしょう。しかし、もっと多くのコードが存在し、それを正しく利用することでクライアントとサーバーが意味的にもよりリッチなレベルで通信することができます。
たとえば 、201 ( “ Created ” ) のレスポンスは、新しいリソースが作成されたことを示すコードで、そのURIに対するレスポンスのLocation ヘッダに書かれています。409 ( “ Conflict ” ) は、たとえば 、PUT がより古いバージョンのリソースによるデータを使用されたときに、矛盾がおきたことをクライアントに知らせます。412 ( “ Precondition Failed ” ) は、サーバーがクライアントの期待通りに処理することができなかったことを示しています。
ステータスコードを正しく使用することのもう一つの側面は、クライアントへの作用です。異なる種類のステータスコード(たとえば、2xxの範囲全て、5xx
の範囲全て)は、共通の包括的なアプローチによって扱われることになっています。たとえば、クライアントは返された特定のコードを扱うためのコード化がなされていなかったとしても、2xxのコード全てを成功のしるしとして処理しなければなりません。
RESTful であると主張する多くのアプリケーションは、200か500のいずれかのみ、あるいは200のみを返します(レスポンスのbody部に失敗の文を含めた状態です。これもＳＯＡＰを参照してください)。あなたが望むなら、この「ステータスコード200によるトンネリングのエラー」を呼ぶことができます。あなたが正しい表現であると考えるのであれば何でもよいのです。あなたがリッチアプリケーションでＨＴＴＰのステータスコードの意味を十分に活用しないのなら、あなたは、より強化した再利用、より良いインターオペラビリティ、そして疎結合の機会を失っています。
cookieを乱用する
サーバーサイドのあるセッションステートのキーを渡すためにcookieを使用することは、もうひとつのRESTアンチパターンです。
cookie が RESTfulでない確かなしるしであるというのは正しいでしょうか?
いいえ、そうとは限りません。RESTの重要な考えの一つにステートレスということがありますが、それは、サーバーがデータを何も格納しないという意味ではありません。リソースステートやクライアントステートであれば、問題ないのです。それは、スケーラビリティ、信頼性、結合度などの理由から許されていないセッションステートのことです。最も典型的なcookieの利用は、メモリ上に保持しているサーバーサイドのあるデータ構造とリンクするためのキーを格納することです。これは、リクエスト毎にブラウザが渡すcookieが、対話的に、セッション、状態を確立するために利用されていることを意味しています。
cookie が、認証トークンといった何らかの情報を格納するために利用されているならば、サーバーはセッション状態への依存なしに正当性を確認することができるので、cookieは申し分ないRESTfulです。しかし、一つ注意点があります。それは、他のより標準化された手段(たとえば、URI、標準的なヘッダ、あるいは稀なケースでメッセージボディ部)で転送された情報をエンコードするのに利用するべきではありません。たとえば、それはRESTfulな
HTTPの観点からHTTP認証を使うことが好ましいです。
ハイパーメディアを忘れる
受け入れるのが難しい最初のRESTの考えは、標準的な方式のセットです。RESTのセオリーでは標準セットを作る手段を特定していません。単純に、全てのリソースに適用可能な限られたものが必要です。HTTPは、(主に、少なくとも)
GET、PUT、POSTと
DELETEでそれらを解決します。そして、あなたのアプリケーションの意味全てをこれら4つの動詞で割り当てるのには、少し慣れが必要です。しかし、一度あなたがそうすれば、人々は実際にRESTを構成している一部を使い始めます。たとえば、WebベースのDRUD(登録、参照、更新、削除)アーキテクチャのいくつかです。このアンチパターンを公開したアプリケーションは、完全に「unRESTful」というわけではありません(そのようなものさえあるならば)。それらは単に、もうひとつのRESTの核となるコンセプト(アプリケーションの状態エンジンとしてのハイパーメディア)を十分に活かすことに失敗しただけです。
ハイパーメディア( ものをリンクする概念 ) は、 Web をWebたらしめるものです。結合したリソースセット、それらはアプリケーションがある状態から次の状態へリンクによって移動します。それは少し難解に聞こえるかもしれませんが、実際に、この原則に従うためのいくつかの妥当な理由があります。
はじめに示し た 「 ハイパーメディアを忘れる」アンチパターンとは、表現の中にリンクがないことです。クライアントサイドでのURI構成の作り方はたくさんありますが、サーバーが単純に何も送らないので、クライアントがリンクを追うことはありません。わずかなより良い変更によって、URI構成とリンク指示の混成を利用し、基礎をなすデータモデルに関連する典型的な表現をリンクします。しかし、理想的には、クライアントは一つのURIだけを知っていればよいのです。それ以外のもの、それらを構成する方法だけでなく個々のURIは不要です。たとえば、クエリーの場合、リソース表現と関連するものとしてハイパーメディアを通して通信します。良い例として、サービスドキュメント(記載するドメイン内のそれぞれのコレクションに対して指定された要素を与えるもの)の考えによるAtomのパブリッシングプロトコルがあります。最終的には、アプリケーションで行うことが可能な状態変化は動的に通信されるべきで、クライアントはできるだけ少ない知識でそれをたどることができるようにすべきです。これの良い例は、HTMLです。それは、ユーザーに完全に動的なインターフェースを提供するためにブラウザに対して十分な情報を含んでいます。
私は、もう一つのアンチパターンとして「 人間が読めるURI 」を加えることを考えました。私がそうしなかったのは、私が誰にも負けないくらい読むことができ、「ハックできる」URIが好きだからです。しかし、ある人がRESTを始めるとき、「正しい」URI設計についての議論で終わりない時間を浪費することがよくあります。しかし、完全にハイパーメディアの側面を忘れています。したがって、私のアドバイスは、完全なURI設計(結局、それは文字列です)を見出すのに費やす時間に制限をかけ、表現の中でリンクを提供するための良い場所を検討することにいくらかのエネルギーを注ぐことだと思います。
MIME タイプを無視する
HTTP のコンテンツネゴシエーションの考えは、クライアントがその必要性に応じて異なるリソース表現を得ることを可能にします。たとえば、Java、 JavaScript、Rubyそれぞれで実装されたコンシューマによるコンサンプションのために、リソースがXML、JSON、YAMLといった異なるフォーマットの表現を持っています。あるいは、人間のためのPDFやJPEG版に加えXMLといった「機械が読むことのできる」フォーマットがあるかもしれません。あるいは、あるカスタム表現形式のv1.1とv1.2の両方をサポートしているかもしれません。いずれの場合でも、一つの表現フォーマットのみを持つための十分な理由が存在する間は、多くの場合、それは別の機会を失う兆候です。
より多くの予期しないクライアントがサービスを(再)利用するのは、ほぼ明らかなことです。この理由から、独自のものを作るよりも、既存の、予め定義されていて、広く知られているフォーマットに頼る方が、はるかに良いです。これは、本稿で述べられる最後のアンチパターンにつながる議論です。
自己記述性を壊 す
このアンチパターンはとても一般的で、ほぼすべてのRESTアプリケーションに見られるものです。それは、私も含めて自身を「RESTafarians」と呼ぶ人たちによって作られるものでも、そうであることがあります。自己記述性の制約を壊す(それは、一見して考えるかもしれないものですが、AIのサイエンスフィクションではない考えです)理想的には、メッセージ(ヘッダーとボディを含んだHTTPリクエストやHTTPレスポンス)は、それを処理することができるようにするために、すべての一般的なクライアント、サーバー、その仲介者に対して十分な情報を持つ必要があります。たとえば、ブラウザがある保護されたPDF表現を取得したとき、あなたは標準に関する既存の取り決めのすべてがどのように作動しているのかを見ることができます。あるHTTP認証交換がおこなわれ、何らかのキャッシングや再バリデーションがあるかもしれません。そして、コンテンツタイプヘッダーはサーバーの(“ application/pdf” ) ( リンク )
トリガーによって送信され、あなたのシステムで登録されているPDFビューアを起動します。そして、最終的には、あなたの画面でPDFが閲覧できるようになります。世界のすべてのユーザーが、同じリクエストを実行するために自身の基盤を利用することができるのです。サーバー開発者が別のコンテンツタイプを追加したときは、サーバーに対するクライアント(あるいはサービスのコンシューマ)のすべてが、単純に適切なビューアがインストールされているかを確認するだけです。
あなたが自身のヘッダー、フォーマット、プロトコルを作るたびに、あなたは、ある程度の自己記述性を壊しています。あなたが極端な立場をとりたいのなら、公式な標準ボディで統一されていないものすべてがこの制約を壊すので、このアンチパターンのケースであると考えることができます。実際には、あなたは可能な限り標準に従う努力をし、いくつかの規定がより小さいドメイン内(たとえば、それに対して特別に開発したサービスとクライアント)に適用できるだろうということを受け入れます。
まとめ
「 Gang of Four 」 が彼らの彼らの 本 ( リンク ) ( それは、パターンムーブメントの始まりでした)を出版して以来、多くの人がそれを誤解し、できるだけ多くのパターンを適用しようとしました。それは、等しく長い間嘲笑された概念です。パターンは、適合した場合や特定の場合に状況にマッチします。同様に、ある人が与えられたドメインすべてにおいて、アンチパターンのすべてをきちんと避けようとすることができます。多くの場合、全てのルールに違反するための十分な理由が存在します。全ての制約を緩和してください。そうすることは良いのですが、真実に気づくことは有益であり、そこでより詳細な情報を得た上での判断をとってください。
願わくば、本稿で、あなたが最初にRESTプロジェクトを始めるときに、最も一般的な罠のいくつかを避ける手助けとなれれば幸いです。
本稿のドラフトにフィードバックをくれた、Javier Botana氏 とBurkhard Neppert氏に感謝します。
Stefan Tilkov( リンク ) は、InfoQのSOAコミュニティと共同創設者（Germany/Switzerland-based innoQ(リンク)の主要なコンサルタントとトップRESTafarian）のリードするエディタです。
原文はこちらです
：http://www.infoq.com/articles/rest-anti-patterns
（こ のArticleは2008年7月2日に原文が掲載されました）
People walk past Yahoo ! offices in Santa Monica , California , May 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
( Reuters ) - Yahoo
Inc ’s new board on Tuesday approved a new round of discussions with Time Warner Inc over the future of its AOL unit , the Financial Times said , citing a person familiar with Yahoo ’s thinking .
The green light for the talks came as Yahoo ’s directors met for the first time since activist investor Carl Icahn was granted access to the boardroom , the paper said .
Active deal negotiations are not underway at this stage , the paper said .
Yahoo could not be immediately reached for comment .
( Reporting by Ajay Kamalakaran in Bangalore )
A Franklin County Circuit judge in the state of Kentucky has issued an order giving the Commonwealth of Kentucky permission to seize control of some 141 illegal online gambling websites .
In order to regain control of their domains , site owners will either have to implement software to block Kentucky residents , or risk forfeiting their businesses .
The irony here is that Kentucky is one of the United States ' most gambling - friendly states — as long as we 're talking about horses .
Betting on a race is a tradition , a right , and a pleasurable leisure activity for prole and patrician alike .
Betting at an online casino ?
We 're shocked , shocked to find out that gambling is going on here .
Horse racing is to Kentucky what surf and sun are to California , and mountains and snow are to Colorado — a vital part of the economy and a unique cultural inheritance .
The breeding and racing of thoroughbreds in the Bluegrass State has its roots in the actions of no less a figure than Daniel Boone himself , and it has been a central part of the commonwealth 's identity for centuries .
More practically , horse breeding , raising , and racing are extremely important to Kentucky 's economy .
According to data released in 2005 , horse - related activities directly and indirectly provide some 96,000 jobs state - wide .
The Kentucky Derby is one of ( if not the most ) popular horse races in the world , and has been host to any number of celebrities , including Queen Elizabeth II .
The race has been run at Churchill Downs since it began in 1875 ; the photos here show the track as it looked in 1901 , and how it appears today .
Not pictured : Queen Elizabeth II , George Steinbrenner , George W. Bush
It would be hard to overstate the importance of horse racing as both a cultural institution and a massive revenue generator for Kentucky 's state coffers , and both factors have undoubtedly emphasized the state 's reaction to online gambling .
According to Kentucky.com , KY Governor Steve Beshear spoke at a recent news conference , saying : " Unlicensed , unregulated , illegal Internet gambling poses a tremendous threat to the citizens of the commonwealth because of its ease , availability and anonymity . "
These websites , Beshear claimed , are no less than " leeches on our communities . "
Beshear , who supports initiatives to legalize casino - based gambling in Kentucky , claims that the judge 's decision in this case is potentially groundbreaking .
Under Kentucky law , the state has the right to seize devices used in illegal gaming , and while this would normally apply to roulette tables or slot machines , the governor believes it extends to domain names , as well .
Other lawmakers and attorneys have already weighed in , calling the order little more than a stunt .
Kentucky is n't the first state to try to crack down on online gambling , but such efforts have yet to meet with much success .
Considering how quickly websites can be brought back from the dead , Beshear 's effort seems practically useless , if politically expedient .
The blackjack , roulette , and poker games will likely remain open for the indefinite future , regardless of what a judge in Franklin County does or does not order .
Johns Hopkins researchers have discovered the earliest form of human blood stem cells and deciphered the mechanism by which these embryonic stem cells replicate and grow .
They also found a surprising biological marker that pinpoints these stem cells , which serve as the progenitors for red blood cells and lymphocytes .
The biochemical marker , angiotensin - converting enzyme ( ACE ) , is well known for its role in the regulation of blood pressure , blood vessel growth , and inflammation .
ACE inhibitors are already widely used to treat hypertension and congestive heart failure , and the findings are , the researchers say , likely to hold promise for developing new treatments for heart diseases , anemias , leukemia and other blood cancers , and autoimmune diseases because they show for the first time that ACE plays a fundamental role in the very early growth and development of human blood cells .
" We figured out how to get the ' mother ' of all blood stem cells with the right culture conditions , " says Elias Zambidis , M.D. , Ph.D. , of the Institute of Cell Engineering at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and the Division of Pediatric Oncology at the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins .
" There is real hope that in the future we can grow billions of blood cells at will to treat blood - related disorders , and just as critically if not more so , we 've got ACE as a ' new ' old marker to guide our work , " Zambidis adds .
Researchers did not expect ACE to have a role in blood stem cells , he notes , " but were very pleasantly surprised to discover it as a beacon for finding the earliest blood stem cells known , as well as new ways to find and manipulate this marker to make them grow . "
The team 's findings , published Aug. 26 in the online edition of the journal Blood , explain that these earliest stem cells marked by ACE , called hemangioblasts , first arise normally in the developing human fetus , when a woman is three or four weeks pregnant .
Hemangioblasts can now be derived in unlimited supply experimentally from cultured human embryonic stem cells , which are the origin of all cell types in the body .
These hemangioblasts go on to become either blood cells or endothelial cells , which form the inner lining of the heart , veins and arteries , and lymph vessels .
The research grew out of Zambidis ' interest in understanding the complex biological processes of blood development and the transformation of embryonic stem cells into the various types of cells that make up the human body .
Hemangioblasts make the body 's earliest form of blood in the fetal yolk sac , which nourishes a fertilized egg , and later in the fetal liver and bone marrow .
However , because human embryonic cells disappear early in gestation , their role in the early production of blood could not , to the researchers ' knowledge , be studied in humans because scientists had no way to identify these human progenitor blood stems cells to follow their development .
The scientists suspected they existed in humans , however , because they have been found in mice and zebra fish .
To find the blood stem cell , Zambidis ' team grew human embryonic stem cells in culture and fed them growth factors over 20 days .
Each time the cell colonies expanded , the researchers sampled individual cells , searching for ones capable of making both endothelial and blood cells , the hallmark of hemangioblasts .
They plucked the newly discovered hemangioblasts from culture dishes , grew them in conditions that Zambidis and his team developed to speed replication , and tested cells for their ability to make endothelial and blood cells .
Cells capable of making endothelial cells and all the elements of blood ( platelets , and white and red cells ) were specifically marked with ACE on their outer surface .
The researchers found not only that ACE was a marker for hemangioblasts , but turning off the enzyme also helps guide the cells ' replication and maturation into either blood or endothelial cells .
By treating the hemangioblasts with losartan , an ACE pathway blocking agent routinely used to treat high blood pressure , dramatically increased the rate of blood cell production .
The next step , Zambidis adds , is to test this research in animal models and show that " we can make lots and lots of blood cells from human stem cells for transfusions , regenerate new vascular trees for heart diseases , as well as create test tube factories for making transplantable blood cells that treat diseases .
We are very far from treatment , " Zambidis cautions , " but this is a big step . "
If the new technique of mass producing progenitor blood cells is eventually proven to work in humans , it would allow patients getting bone marrow transplants to have their own stem cells creating the blood they need , significantly reducing rejection risk .
###
The research reported today used federally approved embryonic stem cell lines , but other related research by the team comes from nonapproved lines .
The study was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the Maryland Stem Cell Research Fund .
India , Russia to extend military cooperation till 2020
Tue , 01 Jan 2008 ANI
New Delhi , Sep 29 ( ANI ) : India and Russia today agreed to extend the term of the Indo - Russian Inter - Governmental Commission for Military - Technical Cooperation ( IRIGC - MTC ) for another ten years -- till 2020 , leading to a further strengthening of ties between both countries .
Russia 's Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov today met his Indian counterpart A K Antony for one - to - one talks and later co-presided over a session of the Indo - Russian Inter - Governmental Commission for Military - Technical Cooperation .
Antony termed today 's meeting of the IRIGC - MTC as very successful , and was hopeful of it having a positive outcome .
" India attaches great importance to relations with Russia .
Moscow has been New Delhi's old and trusted friend and both the countries want to strengthen the relations , " he said .
" We want to expand the relations to new areas as the inter - governmental panel 's term expires in 2010 and in principal we decided to extend the commission 's term for the next 10 years till 2020 , " Antony added .
The Russian Defence Minister said : " In 2010 , the term of IRIGC - MTC expires in 2010 and that is why a delegation came to draft a new program after 2010 in which particular attention will be on scientific research and joint production . "
" The participants discussed the implementation of a joint program for military - technical cooperation up to 2010 , and preparations for its further extension .
The Russian party has introduced a new draft agreement for the next 10 years , " Serdyukov said .
" Our strategic partnership has to be dynamically developed and the issues of joint exercises and joint development have been taken up successfully , " the Russian Defence Minister added .
To avoid delay in decision - making and to speed up the implementation of various projects , Antony said both sides agreed to establish a joint working group at the Defence Secretary level to coordinate the work of the intergovernmental commission .
" Today , we took a decision to have an apex body at the highest level with Indian Defence Secretary and his Russian counterpart meeting at least once in six months so that all the pending issues are sorted out urgently , " he said .
Antony emphasized that Indo - Russian relationship has now reached from buyer - seller to co producer in the field of design , development and scientific research .
Indo - Russian inter-governmental commission sessions are held annually and alternate between New Delhi and Moscow .
The previous meeting took place in the Russian capital in October 2007 .
The participants have discussed proposals related to about 200 joint projects , including the modernisation of the Vikramaditya aircraft carrier ( formerly the Admiral Gorshkov ) for the Navy , the transfer of technology ( ToT ) for the licensed assembly of T - 90 tanks in India , the production of BrahMos missiles and the purchase of Smerch MLRS by India .
The meeting also discussed joint production , joint development and production of systems and platforms , interaction between the two armed forces and military technical cooperation .
By Praful Kumar Singh ( ANI )
Share
tweet
We ’ve seen artificial corneas that could replace damaged organic corneas , but how about a digital image sensor that adjusts itself like a human retina ?
That ’s exactly what John Rogers at the University of Illinois is creating .
An improved method of transferring silicon sensors onto a curved surface allowing for the sensor to capture wide - angle views with low distortion .
Because it avoids using a conventional flat surface for image capturing , this digital retina is able to perform feats that ordinary cameras cannot .
It ’ll eventually lead to advancements in security surveillance and capturing wildlife footage .
Using conventional chip manufacturing technology , John Rogers and his colleagues have found a way to bend silicone without forming creases in it .
The camera they built has only 256 pixels , making it a low - resolution camera , but they claim the same technique used to craft this camera could be used to craft a wide - angled megapixel camera . �
The ladies dorm just got more accessible , Porky ’s - style .
Link
Music Copyright Laws :
Using cover song versions legally
The Cover Song Quagmire :
Three Ways to Obtain Mechanical Licenses ,
for Legally Recording / Distributing Cover Versions on CD
By Dale Turner ( scroll down for bio and CD link )
For many musicians , a considerable amount of " play time " is spent learning other people 's songs - either for cover band gigs , wedding performances , or merely to study another artist 's work .
If this sounds like you , as your repertoire has grown , it 's highly likely one or more of those songs has sparked something extra-special inside you .
Why not immortalize your efforts by recording some of those magical numbers and putting them on a CD ?
At the very least , one of those " classic " tracks might be the perfect way to punctuate your next disc !
But before you act , you need to know what steps you need to take to ensure you 're protected , and the original songwriter gets his / her due .
With this article , we 'll take a look at the three primary paths you can take to obtain a mechanical license [ a.k.a.
Circular 73 - Compulsory License For Making and Distributing Phonorecords ( PDF ) ] to legally release your version of another artist 's song .
For reality 's sake , we 'll also include a little " story " to go with it - my personal experience releasing an album comprised of covers - to walk you through this somewhat tricky , time - consuming process .
Let the games begin !
Way back in December 2000 I recorded a set of 10 cover songs , intending them to be nothing more than a CD - R Christmas gift for my Mother .
Nothing fancy , just a bunch of classic tunes ( Beach Boys , Beatles , Queen , etc. )
I 'd spent some time on months earlier , developing from an " arrangement " standpoint to add to my repertoire , then recorded totally " raw " in my home studio .
When the holidays finally hit , needless to say , ma dug my little " stocking stuffer . "
And as an added bonus , it was a big hit amongst my relatives !
Well , after playing some of these tracks for some of my ( thankfully ) enthusiastic friends , I was encouraged to take these songs to the next level - offer them as a full - blown , shrink - wrapped CD , available to " quirky cover song " fans .
However , though I went the extra mile trying to conceive of unique ways to present these tunes , I wrote nary a note of this music .
In order to legally ( and ethically ) pull this off , I 'd have to find out who to pay , credit , and get permission from .
With none of my friends involved in publishing or entertainment law , I had n't the foggiest idea how to go about this .
Enter the Harry Fox Agency , or HFA .
After scouring the internet for " ballpark " legal advice , it became clear that the HFA was the central hub of all things relating to obtaining the rights to record and sell copies of songs written by other parties .
( NOTE : Outside the US. , similar Mechanical Rights agencies exist for Canada , the UK , Europe and elsewhere . )
Upon locating the Harry Fox Agency 's home page ( www.harryfox.com), I discovered that the HFA ( among other things ) specializes in the following licensing services :
The more you blog , the harder it can be to come up with fresh ideas to write about .
Two of the most important parts of a blog is compelling content and frequent updates .
Take a look at the following blog post ideas to spark your creative juices when you can't think of what to write about .
Just remember to try to apply each of these ideas appropriately to your blog topic .
01 of 20 Lists People love lists , and just about any kind of list is bound to attract traffic .
Top 10 lists , 5 things not to do , 3 reasons I love something , etc .
Start with a number then take it from there .
02 of 20 How - To People love to find easy - to - follow instructions to help them accomplish a task .
Whether you want to teach your blog readers how to throw the perfect curveball or how to avoid getting bitten by a mosquito , the choice is yours .
03 of 20 Reviews
You can write a review of just about anything on your blog .
Take a look at the following suggestions : Products
Websites
Books
Movies
Music
Restaurants
Hotels
The possibilities are nearly endless .
Just think of something you 've tried then write about your experience and thoughts .
05 of 20 Link Roundup
Write a post that includes a list of links to other blog posts that published great posts or to websites you like .
06 of 20 Current Events
What 's going on in the world ?
Write a post about an interesting bit of news .
07 of 20 Tips Write a post to share tips to help your readers accomplish something in an easier , faster , or cheaper way .
08 of 20 Recommendations
Share recommendations for your favorite books , websites , movies , or other " favorites " related to your blog topic .
09 of 20 Interviews Interview a prominent figure or expert about your blog topic then publish a blog post about it .
10 of 20 Polls Register for an account with a site like PollDaddy.com and then publish a poll related to your blog topic in one of your blog posts .
11 of 20 Contests People love to win prizes , and blog contests are a great way to drive traffic to your blog as well as encourage visitors to leave comments .
Blog contests can be used to write several posts such as an announcement post , a reminder post , and a winner post .
12 of 20 Blog Carnivals Join a blog carnival ( or host one yourself ) then write a post about the carnival topic .
13 of 20 Podcasts Sometimes it 's easier to talk about something than it is to write about it .
If that 's the case , try audio blogging and post a podcast .
14 of 20 Videos Share a video from YouTube or one of your own , or host a video blog .
15 of 20 Quotes Share a quote from a celebrity or prominent person in a field related to your blog topic .
Be sure to cite your source !
16 of 20 Links to Interesting Content From Digg or StumbleUpon Sometimes you can find some really interesting submissions on Digg , StumbleUpon , and other social bookmarking sites .
It 's fun to share links to some of the best submissions related to your blog topic or of interest to your readers in one of your own blog posts .
17 of 20 Your Turn Turn the tables and post a question or comment then ask your readers what they think about that question or comment .
Your turn posts are a great way to spark a conversation .
18 of 20 Guest Posts
Ask other bloggers or experts in a field related to your blog topic to write a guest post for your blog .
19 of 20 Point / Counterpoint A point / counterpoint post is where you present two opposing sides to an argument or issue .
This type of post can even be separated into two different posts where the first presents one side of the argument and the second presents the other side .
A TV spin - off is almost bad by definition : it 's whatever is left when an executive draws a big circle around the characters people actually care about and says , " let 's write a pilot without these people . "
But the truly terrible TV spin - offs are awful on a whole different level .
They take these characters and wedge them into some pointless or ill - fitting premise that makes us care about them even less .
Here are five spin - offs that truly make us wonder what the fuck they were thinking .
Advertisement
5 Baywatch Nights Continue Reading Below Advertisement Spun Off From : Baywatch Premise : Bored in his position as resident police officer of Baywatch , Sergeant Garner Ellerbee forms a detective agency with Baywatch lifeguard and former Navy Seal Mitch Buchannon ( David Hasselhoff ) with the intention of solving the apparently countless paranormal mysteries that plague the beaches of Los Angeles .
Ridiculous Because : Given that 90 % of American males envision their retirement from the corporate grind as some variation of an episode of Baywatch , it 's hard to imagine that a man whose job responsibilities include " watching breasts bounce " and " confiscating recreational drugs from surfers " would endeavor to transition into a more demanding , more dangerous line of work .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Picture unrelated to article .
But beyond the Baywatch gang 's incomprehensible motivation to change careers , the storylines of some of Baywatch Night 's episodes are downright ridiculous .
For example , take Episode 24 : The Creature , wherein the detectives come face - to - face with an amphibious , serial - killing woman hell - bent on procreating .
Or Episode 38 : Zargtha , in which a man -wolf torments teenaged runaways living in an earthquake - prone abandoned building .
As you 've probably deduced by now , the show was a cheap attempt to cash in on the X - Files craze .
But there 's a reason Mulder did n't wear zinc on his nose and Skully wielded a gun instead of a whistle : otherworldly encounters just do n't occur on the beach .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Not pictured : A realistic setting for a show about monsters .
4 Golden Palace Spun Off From : The Golden Girls Premise : Rejuvenated by seven years of living in a house together and discussing their unfathomably active sex lives , three of the four Golden Girls ( minus Bea Arthur ) open an upscale hotel in Miami .
Because running a hotel slightly more work than these spunky 70 - year - olds can handle , they hire Chuy Castillos ( Cheech Marin ) to run the kitchen and Roland Wilson ( Don Cheadle ) to manage the front desk .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Ridiculous Because :
While some projects , like putting together a bookshelf , only require elbow grease and a can - do attitude , we 're pretty sure that opening an upscale hotel in one of the most expensive cities in the world takes millions of dollars and years of industry experience .
But that 's not to say that these lively gals do n't have one thing going for them : the second any of them mentioned sex in front of a guest , they would n't have to worry about paying the kitchen staff overtime that day .
" Picture us fucking ! "
The show was canceled after one season , and producers resisted the temptation to generate another spinoff where the girls buy and run their own island nation .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
House votes no .
Rex Nutting has the best line : House to Wall Street : Drop Dead .
He also correctly places the blame and / or credit with House Republicans .
For reasons I ’ve already explained , I do n’t think the Dem leadership was in a position to craft a bill that would have achieved overwhelming Democratic support , so make or break was whether enough GOPers would sign on .
They did n’t .
I assume Pelosi calls a new vote ; but if it fails , then what ?
I guess write a bill that is actually , you know , a good plan , and try to pass it — though politically it might not make sense to try until after the election .
For now , I ’m just going to quote myself :
Achoo
From the README :
Achoo is a fluent interface for unit testing Python objects .
Achoo makes it easy to make assertions about the properties and behaviours of Python objects .
For example , is this object equal to this other one ?
Does calling this function with these arguments raise an error ?
Download and Installation
Achoo is available from PyPi and can be installed from the command line using Easy Install :
easy_install Achoo
Alternatively , download a source archive and install manually :
Documentation
Full documentation is available using Python 's built - in help ( ) function .
You can also view the API documentation for the latest release online or generate it from the source distribution using : ./setup.py doc
Support , Reporting Bugs , etc
For help using Achoo , to report bugs or ask for new features , send a message to the Achoo mailing list at achoo@code.quuxo.com .
To join the list , send a blank message to message to achoo-join@code.quuxo.com .
You can unsubscribe any time with a blank message to the unsubscribe address .
Development
The source code for the latest deveopment version of Achoo is available using Bazaar from :
Licence
Achoo is Free Software .
You can use , redistribute and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU LGPL v3 .
Did Saakashvili Lie ?
The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader
Five weeks after the war in the Caucasus the mood is shifting against Georgian President Saakashvili .
Some Western intelligence reports have undermined Tbilisi 's version of events , and there are now calls on both sides of the Atlantic for an independent investigation .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
This blog is dedicated to destroying the political and social spin commonly applied to news and popular events , with a healthy dose of personal commentary .
Biker Akuma~ Akuma 's the bad - est badass out there ... enuff said
This is a piece I did for the Udon Art of Street Fighter Art book ~
And for a bit of shameless self promotion , the limited print of this will go on sale at Udon 's booth at SDCC 2008 !
If you happen to be there , keep an eye out for it !
The proliferation of modern programming languages ( all of which seem to have stolen countless features from one another ) sometimes makes it difficult to remember what language you 're currently using .
This guide is offered as a public service to help programmers who find themselves in such dilemmas .
370 JCL
You send your foot down to MIS with a 4000 - page document explaining how you want it to be shot .
Three years later , your foot comes back deep - fried .
Ada
After correctly packaging your foot , you attempt to concurrently load the gun , pull the trigger , scream , and shoot yourself in the foot .
When you try , however , you discover that your foot is of the wrong type .
APL
You shoot yourself in the foot , then spend all day figuring out how to do it in fewer characters .
ASP.NET
Find a gun , it falls apart .
Put it back together , it falls apart again .
You try using the .GUN Framework , it falls apart .
You stab yourself in the foot instead .
Assembly
You try to shoot yourself in the foot only to discover you must first reinvent the gun , the bullet , and your foot .
After that 's done , you pull the trigger , the gun beeps several times , then crashes .
brainfuck
Just looking at the gun gives you a migrane , so forget about actually shooting it .
BASIC
Shoot yourself in the foot with a water pistol .
On big systems , continue until entire lower body is waterlogged .
C
You try to shoot yourself in the foot , but find out the the gun is actually a howitzer cannon .
C++
You accidentally create a dozen clones of yourself and shoot them all in the foot .
Emergency medical assistance is impossible since you can't tell which are bitwise copies and which are just pointing at others and saying , " That 's me , over there . "
COBOL
Using a COLT 45 HANDGUN , AIM gun at LEG .
FOOT , THEN place ARM .
HAND .FINGER . on HANDGUN .
TRIGGER and SQUEEZE .
THEN return HANDGUN to HOLSTER .
CHECK whether shoelace needs to be retied .
Concurrent Euclid
You shoot yourself in somebody else 's foot .
CSS
You shoot your right foot with one hand , then switch hands to shoot your left foot but you realize that the gun has turned into a banana .
DOS Batch
You aim the gun at your foot and pull the trigger , but only a weak gust of warm air hits your foot .
Forth
Foot in yourself shoot .
FORTRAN
You shoot yourself in each toe , iteratively , until you run out of toes , then you read in the next foot and repeat .
If you run out of bullets , you continue anyway because you have no exception - handling ability .
HyperTalk
Put the first bullet of the gun into the foot of the left leg of you .
Answer the result .
Java
After importing java.awt.right.foot .* and java.awt.gun.right.hand.* , and writing the classes and methods of those classes needed , you 've forgotten what the hell you 're doing .
JavaScript
You 've perfected a robust , rich user experience for shooting yourself in the foot .
You then find that bullets are disabled on your gun .
LISP
You shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds the gun with which
you shoot yourself in the appendage which holds ...
Machine Language
Before you can shoot yourself in the foot you must disassemble the gun at the atomic level and then reassemble it .
After you do this , you find that the bullets require a special operator so the gun does n't work .
Modula-2
After realizing that you can't actually accomplish anything in this language , you shoot yourself in the head .
Motif
You spend days writing a UIL description of your foot , the trajectory , the bullet , and the intricate scrollwork on the ivory handles of the gun .
When you finally get around to pulling the trigger , the gun jams .
Paradox
Not only can you shoot yourself in the foot , your users can too .
Pascal
The compiler wo n't let you shoot yourself in the foot .
Perl
You shoot yourself in the foot , but nobody can understand how you did it .
Six months later , neither can you .
PHP
You shoot yourself in the foot with a gun made with pieces from 300 other guns .
PL / I
You discover 6,752 different guns for shooting yourself in the foot .
Before you can decide which one to use , you starve to death .
Prolog
You tell your program you want to be shot in the foot .
The program figures out how to do it , but the syntax does n't allow it to explain .
Python
You try to shoot yourself in the foot but you just keep hitting the whitespace between your toes .
Revelation
You 'll be able to shoot yourself in the foot just as soon as you figure out what all these bullets are for .
RPG
First you define your gun , bullet , and firing pin .
Then , you define your foot , toes , and toenails .
Then , you open chamber and load the gun .
Then , you cock it .
Now you 're finally ready to shoot yourself in the foot .
Ruby
Your foot is ready to be shot in roughly five minutes , but you just can't find anywhere to shoot it .
SNOBOL
If you succeed , shoot yourself in the left foot .
If you fail , shoot yourself in the right foot .
SQL
SELECT @ammo: =bullet FROM gun WHERE trigger = ' PULLED ' ;
INSERT INTO leg ( foot ) VALUES ( @ammo ) ; UNIX
% ls
foot .c foot.h foot .o toe .c toe.o
% rm * .o
rm : .o : No such file or directory
% ls
% Visual BASIC
You 'll shoot yourself in the foot , but you 'll have so much fun doing it that you wo n't care .
Visual BASIC.NET
You spend a fortune on a high - powered , self - cleaning , self - aiming , automatic handgun with unlimited ammo , only to realize it takes a year to pull the trigger .
Visual FoxPro
You mock other sharpshooters for not being able to shoot both feet at once , but when you try to do it yourself you realize that you can't properly handle the Microsoft.gun ActiveX .
1. Find a Gutter Pro in your area
Select a category ...
Seamless Gutters Gutter Products Gutter Guards Gutter Cleaning Gutter Repair
*
This is a required field .
Please select a category
To use an idiom that Bryan Liles effectively coined at this year 's Ruby Hoedown , at Hashrocket , we " pair all the fucking time " .
It is a vital part of The Hashrocket Way , our internal philosophy of how to most productively service our clients :
The photo above captures a normal morning at Hashrocket headquarters , where every desk is set up for effective pair - programming : 30 " monitor , dual keyboards , dual mice .
Carmelyne Thompson and Wes Gibbs are the pair in the foreground .
Veez Remsik , my inspiration for this post and one of Hashrocket 's Rescue Mission experts , gives us a must - read personal account of pair - programming as a way of life :
Hashrocket has a few core philosphies that are essentially required for team members .
Agile development processes , an adherence to ruby and rails best practices and idioms , and a firm belief in pair programming are three of the biggies .
Of these three , pair programming is the technique that has changed me most , and required the most change in my thinking .
And not surprisingly , pair programming has proven the most critical to my success at Hashrocket .
Veez has a traditional software development background ( unlike the one that several of us ' rocketeers cultivated at places like Thoughtworks ) .
I like the way he describes himself pre-Hashrocket : " You know , the one who does his best work in the morning with his headphones on and drinking an obscenely large coffee .
The guy who types madly for a few select hours a day and , during those few hours , produces as much as regular - speed developers do over the course of a day . "
Durran Jordan and Matthew Bass pair on our latest 3 - 2 - 1 Launch project .
Quite often , one of the keyboard / mouse sets is replaced by an actual MacBook Pro in conjunction with the most excellent teleport utility from abyssoft .
Most Rails people I know profess adherence to Agile practices and principles , yet judging from the anecdotal evidence I 've collected at conferences and comments made by our guest stars , pair - programming is still very much the exception .
Make that real pair - programming , in the extreme programming sense , where all production code is produced by two developers sharing control of one workstation .
Getting a chance to truly pair for the first time is turning out to be one of our " guest stars " favorite experiences at Hashrocket .
In the pic above , I captured Paul Barry and Hampton Catlin getting their first taste of pair - programming the way it 's supposed to be done .
There are certainly challenges to making pair - programming part of normal business practices .
Starting with the fact that it implies keeping an even number of people assigned to a project on a daily basis .
Even at ThoughtWorks , where Agile is an important part of the culture , management did not necessarily make this aspect of pairing easy for us — as the principle " resource manager " of Hashrocket , I have to juggle the financial needs of our clients with our need to work in pairs .
It 's occasionally very tricky , but when you do it all the time , I assure you it gets easier .
I 'm trying to get back into blogging on a regular basis .
The " Hashrocket Way " is a term that has gotten much traction for us internally as a catch - all description of what makes us special , and I plan to write about different aspects of that as much as possible .
This should not be new for you that Firefox is a fastest growing popular web browser .
There are lots of ease provided by the firefox and this is the main reason for its popularity .
There are lots of free download able extensions , add - ons , themes etc available on the internet for firefox and there demands are increasing every day .
As we have already published a post about Firefox add - ons . Â
In this post , I am listing down 11 Free Firefox 3 Themes You Probably Never Use Before .
You are welcome to share if you know more nice and beautiful firefox themes that that can be attracted by our readers / viewers .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed
You may be interested in our other related post
13 Amazing Firefox Add-Ons To Make Designers Lives Easier
9 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons That Will Save Your Time !
Chromifox
A coat of Chrome for Firefox .
Say hello to Chromifox , a bright and soft blue theme for Firefox 3 on Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X , inspired by the appearance of the Google Chrome web browser .
Microsoft Office
Firefox theme based on Microsoft Office icons .
Phoenity Modern
Phoenity based on the SeaMonkey Modern theme .
For Firefox 3 and Firefox 2 .
FOXSCAPE
A full featured retro theme for Firefox based on Netscape Communicator 4.8 on Windows .
Flook Theme
Flook Theme for Mozilla Firefox based on Flock .
myFireFox
Myfirefox is the theme of the most perfectly simulating Internet Explorer 7 + by far .
It can work perfectly in Windows Vista Ultimate .
GrApple Delicious
This theme is designed to fit well in the Mac OS X environment .
It looks more similar as the Mac Operating System theme .
Mattahan
This is very simple and elegant theme for firefox using mini icons .
All credits go 2 Mattahan for his wonderful icons .
Modern Modoki
This theme is Modern Modoki theme looks like Netscape 8 .
PimpZilla
Probably the most tacky & overdone piece of GUI design ever .
Accept no less :
Surf in style and browse like a king !
Gradient iCool
This is a glowing dark theme based on Windows Media Player 11 with shinny glassy look .
’s “ ” is a DEA agent whose family was slain as part of a conspiracy .
In order to avenge their deaths , he must come together with a deadly assassin ( ) who is also out to avenge the death of a family member , her sister .
will play an executive for one of the big corporations that are allegedly involved in the conspiracy .
“ Max Payne ” is scheduled to hit theaters on October 17 , 2008 .
We 've been upgrading this site .
If you selected a link on our site and reached this message , use the Back button to return to the previous page , or follow this link to our home page where you can browse or search for the information .
Uh , where ’s this money coming from ?
Bush - McCain blew the bank with their failure to regulate and now they want everyone else to bail out the richest due to mistakes of their own .
Bush - McCain wants America to give more handouts to the folks that already received tax cuts .
Can you imagine ?
While Bush is on the topic of potentially more bailouts , great read here about how the Chrysler bailout was not the great success that is suggested and it may have hurt the company more than helped .
We may be looking at more future problems by bailing Wall Street , Detroit and everyone else out .
" Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic " -- Arthur C Clarke
Musings from the technological frontier
He said that so far , in the eyes of the world , the pirates had been misunderstood .
“ We do n’t consider ourselves sea bandits , ” he said .
“ We consider sea bandits those who illegally fish in our seas and dump waste in our seas and carry weapons in our seas .
We are simply patrolling our seas .
Think of us like a coast guard . ”
The pirates who answered the phone call on Tuesday morning said they were speaking by satellite phone from the bridge of the Faina , the Ukrainian cargo ship that was hijacked about 200 miles off the coast of Somalia on Thursday .
Several pirates talked but said that only Mr. Sugule was authorized to be quoted .
Mr. Sugule acknowledged that they were now surrounded by American warships , but he did not sound afraid .
“ You only die once , ” Mr. Sugule said .
He said that all was peaceful on the ship , despite unconfirmed reports from maritime organizations in Kenya that three pirates were killed in a shootout among themselves on Sunday or Monday night .
He insisted that the pirates were not interested in the weapons and had no plans to sell them to Islamist insurgents battling Somalia ’s weak transitional government .
“ Somalia has suffered from many years of destruction because of all these weapons , ” he said .
“ We do n’t want that suffering and chaos to continue .
We are not going to offload the weapons .
We just want the money . ”
He said the pirates were asking for $ 20 million in cash ; “ we do n’t use any other system than cash . ”
But he added that they were willing to bargain .
“ That ’s deal - making , ” he explained .
There is certainly no evidence here to support the left - wing myth that steel prices were " sticky " in a " downwards " direction .
In just seven months after the Crash , they declined to levels not previously reached in seven years .
Governments responded to the crisis with substantial tax cuts and public works projects .
Exports and imports continued their inexorable decline .
Reports that Russia would reenter the market as a substantial wheat exporter hurried agricultural commodity prices lower .
Unemployment was reaching worrying levels .
Where on average it only took mere weeks for the unemployed to find new work during 1929 , it now took several months .
Railroad car loadings remained at the lowest levels since 1922 .
The bankers group , which had rallied to support the market by making large purchases of blue chip stock during the Crash , reported that they had successfully unloaded their holdings - at a profit .
Farm Board price supports drove wheat prices up to levels that eliminated exports and induced the planting of huge crops .
The NYSE recouped all but about 12 % of its losses , some of which was made up by gains in the bond markets .
There has been some concern recently about Barack Obama 's stance on abortion , is he for it , is he against it ?
Whats going on ?
Well ladies and gentlemen , let me break it down for you , it 's actually very simple .
Anti-Abortion :
Pro-Abortion :
There , debate solved .
The 1862 bluestone building where the Uniting Church congregation of about 20 meets is the town 's oldest building and last remaining church .
The Catholics suspended services a few months ago and the Anglican church is now a private home .
Beeac 's is one of seven rural churches , from Forest to Rokeby , that have been tended by the Reverend Jen Pretty , but she is taking up a new post as mission and education officer for western Victoria , responsible for 107 churches rather than seven .
But it has an active congregation that refuses to see the church as " God 's waiting room " , a declining community of the elderly .
Though they expect they will never again be able to find or afford their own minister , they see no reason why they cannot thrive and continue to be important to their community .
Glen Waverley Uniting church has a congregation of about 1000 and holds five services each weekend .
If all goes well , it will " adopt " eight country churches and share one service a month with each , according to Glen Waverley parishioner Warren Greenwood , who is behind the project .
" Country congregations are finding it more difficult to have full - time ministers , so they are looking for other ways of continuing to worship .
This is more personal than sitting down and watching Hymns of Praise because it 's current , " he said .
Voting Against the Environment
McCain Receives " 0 " on League of Conservation Voters 2007 Scorecard .
The League of Conservation Voters rates senators and representatives on the most critical environmental votes , with scores ranging from 100 – voting with the environment every time – to 0 for voting against the environment on every vote .
Absences count as a vote against the environment since the legislator did not cast a vote for the environment .
In 2007 , Sen . McCain missed all 15 critical environmental votes in the Senate , so he received a " 0 . " [ LCV , 2/08 ]
McCain Opposes Three Fourths of Environmental Votes .
Sen. McCain has a lifetime LCV score of 24 percent .
Even if one excludes his 2007 missed votes , his lifetime score only rises to 26 percent .
[ LCV Scorecard , 2007 , LCV Scorecard 2006 ]
Support for Big Oil
McCain Accepted $ 291,658 from Big Oil in 2007 .
On average , senators voting for big oil tax breaks and against incentives for renewable energy and efficiency in 2007 received $ 195,973 in campaign donations from the oil industry during this decade .
In 2007 alone , Sen. McCain received $ 291,658 from the oil and gas industry .
McCain missed all three critical clean energy votes in 2007 .
His absences aided big oil because opponents of oil industry tax breaks needed a super majority of 60 votes to pass the provision to close the loopholes , regardless of the number of Senators who voted .
In other words , an absence was the same as voting against shifting money from big oil tax breaks to incentives for clean energy .
[ 4/09/08 ]
McCain Missed Opportunity To End Big Oil Tax Breaks to Invest in Clean Energy .
In 2007 , McCain was the only senator who failed to vote on a motion to invoke cloture ( thus limiting debate ) on the Energy Independence and Security Act .
This vote was about whether to close $ 13 billion in tax breaks for major oil and gas companies to invest in new clean energy technologies such as wind and solar , and efficiency .
Sixty votes were required for passage .
The motion was rejected 59 - 40 .
[ CQ.com ; HR 6 , Vote # 425 , 12/13/07 ]
Spokesman Said McCain Would Have Voted With Big Oil. According to Forbes.com , " Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , was not present for the voting because he is on the presidential campaign trail .
However , a spokesperson said that he would not have supported breaking the filibuster . "
[ Forbes.com , 12/13/07 ]
McCain Tax Plan Huge Windfall for ExxonMobil , Others .
Sen. McCain recently proposed to cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 25 percent .
This would have reduced ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips taxes by $ 1.2 billion each in 2007 .
It would have saved Chevron $ 480 million in 2007 .
[ March 27 , 2008 ]
Gas Tax Holiday Would Hike Oil Prices .
On April 15 , 2008 , Sen. McCain proposed a three month gas tax holiday .
He would suspend the federal gasoline tax of 18.4 cents per gallon from Memorial Day through Labor Day .
Economists believe that lowering gasoline prices this way could stimulate more demand .
Since oil refinery capacity is limited , this could further drive prices up .
" The problem is that lowering gasoline prices at the pump would encourage more consumption .
So in the long run , it would push prices up . " [ New York Times , 4/15/08 ]
McCain Is Officially Inducted into the Petroleum Club .
In addition to targeting campaign fund - raising efforts toward the oil industry , with a $ 1000 - a- head roundtable at the Denver Petroleum Club on March 27 , 2008 , several of his campaign aides are former oil industry lobbyists .
[ 3/27/08 ]
McCain Repeatedly Voted Against American Consumers and for Rich Oil Companies .
In 2005 , McCain twice voted against legislation that would have temporarily taxed oil company profits and provided consumers with a tax credit .
[ Senate Roll Call Vote # 341 , 11/17/05 ; Senate Roll Call Vote # 331 , 11/17/05 ]
McCain Voted To Open Enormous Coastal Areas To Drilling .
In 2001 , Sen . McCain also voted against protection from oil drilling for six million acres off of Florida ’s Gulf of Mexico coast .
In 2006 , he voted to open 8 million acres – an area the size of Maryland – off Florida ’s Gulf coast .
[ 7/12/01 ; LCV Scorecard , 2006 ]
McCain Voted To Drill Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Crucial Showdown .
Sen .
McCain has made much of his opposition to drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , America ’s home to its only wild polar bear population .
Yet in a crucial showdown on December 21 , 2005 , he voted to consider , rather than block , the Defense Appropriations bill that contained an Arctic drilling provision .
Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) added it to the final bill at the last minute even though it was n’t in earlier versions .
A cloture vote to end debate on the bill failed 56 - 44 , so Stevens was forced to remove the drilling provision .
The bill passed without it later that day .
[ How he ’s voted : Energy and Global Warming ]
McCain Said U.S. Dependence on Foreign Oil Was A Security Threat , Yet He Voted Against Reducing that Dependence .
In 2005 , McCain voted against legislation calling on the president to submit a plan to reduce foreign petroleum imports by 40 percent .
[ Senate Roll Call Vote # 140 , 6/16/05 ]
McCain Called Handouts to Big Business , Oil Companies ë Irresponsible . ’
McCain : " [ The 2005 Energy Bill ] does little to address the immediate energy crisis we face in this country .
The handouts to big business and oil companies are irresponsible and will be disastrous for people of Arizona .
I cannot in good conscience , vote to pass legislation that does not adequately address issues related to energy efficiency , security , and energy independence . "
[ Statement , Office of Senator McCain , 6/28/2005 ]
McCain Once Called for End to Tax Breaks for Oil and Gas Companies .
In a 2000 pledge on tax cuts , McCain claimed that he would help pay for the policy by closing loopholes for the oil industry , among other special interests .
" " Every tax dollar now wasted on special breaks for oil companies , ethanol giants , insurance companies and the multitude of other special interests with their armies of lobbyists , is now at risk , " McCain said . " [ CNN , 1/00 ]
Voting Against Clean Renewable Energy and Efficiency
McCain Skipped Vote on Green Tax Credits in Stimulus Package .
In the 2008 Recovery Rebates and Economic Stimulus for the American People Act the Senate included provisions to renew and extend the Production Tax Credit and Investment Tax credit for power companies , businesses , and individuals who employ wind , geothermal , solar , and other types of renewable electricity .
The February 6 , 2008 Senate vote failed to invoke cloture by one vote , and the Senate was forced to drop the renewable electricity incentives .
Sen. McCain was the only senator to miss the vote .
He indicated that he would have voted against the package with the extension of the renewable electricity incentives .
[ 2/6/08 ; New York Times 2/7/08 ]
McCain Skipped Vote on Renewable Energy .
In 2007 , McCain skipped a vote on a motion to invoke cloture ( thus limiting debate ) on the Energy Independence and Security Act , which included fuel economy , energy efficiency , and renewable fuels provisions .
The controversial issue in the Senate was the House - passed provision to require electric utilities to produce at least 15 percent of their electricity from renewable energy sources by 2020 .
The previously mentioned clean energy tax package was also an issue .
Sixty votes were required for passage .
Sen .
McCain was the only one of five senators then running for president who missed the vote .
The motion was rejected 53 - 42 .
[ HR 6 , Vote # 416 , 12/07/07 ] =
McCain Skipped Vote to Establish $ 32.1B of Tax Incentives for Renewable Energy and Efficiency .
In 2007 , McCain failed to vote on a motion to invoke cloture ( thus limiting debate ) on an amendment by Sens. Baucus ( D - MT ) and Grassley ( R - IA ) that would establish $ 32.1 billion of tax incentives for alternative energy sources .
The amendment would have provided tax incentives for more energy efficiency and the development of carbon capture and storage technology to reduce global warming pollution from power plants .
It would have paid for these tax incentives with savings from closing oil company tax loopholes and recovering unpaid royalties from oil and gas production in federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico .
Sixty votes were required for passage .
Motion rejected 57 - 36 : R 10 - 34 ; D 45 - 2 ( ND 41 - 1 , SD 4 - 1 ) ; I 2- 0 . [ HR 6 , Vote # 223 , 6/21/07 ] NOTE : Sen .
Reid switched his vote from " yes " to " no " to protect his ability to conduct a revote .
McCain Opposes Renewable Electricity .
A renewable electricity standard would require utilities to generate a certain portion of their electricity from wind , solar , geothermal , and other renewable energy sources .
Twenty six states , including Arizona , have such requirements .
In 2002 and 2005 , there were votes in the Senate to require utilities nationwide to generate 10 percent or 20 percent of their electricity from renewable energy resources .
Sen. McCain voted against renewable electricity every time .
2005 : Voted against a renewable portfolio standard
2002 : Voted against 20 percent requirement :
2002 ( Vote 55 ) : Voted to gut 10 percent requirement :
2002 ( Vote 59 ) : voted to gut 10 percent requirement :
McCain Voted Against Important Efficiency Standards .
In 2002 , Sen. McCain voted against an amendment by Sen. Jeff Bingaman ( D - NM ) that would have restored a standard to require a 30 percent increase in efficiency for air conditioners .
It would have saved consumers $ 1 billion on their electric bills , reduced energy use enough to avoid construction of 45 new power plants , and reduced greenhouse gases by 2.5 million metric tons .
President Bush had blocked this rule , and Sen. McCain ’s vote supported him .
[ 4/25/02 ]
McCain Has No Plan To Increase Energy Efficiency .
Though a recent study by McKinsey & Co. found that the best way to make deep cuts in carbon emissions is to improve energy efficiency of buildings , appliances , and other energy consumers , McCain ’s understanding of the problem is woefully lacking .
He has proposed a program of " energy audits , " a system Dr. Joseph Romm calls " a weak , uncoordinated , narrowly - targeted action .
They will barely have any impact when it comes to large commercial users who can already afford them . "
[ Dr. Romm , Salon , 2/8/08 ]
A Weak Record on Fighting Global Warming
McCain ’s Conservative Judges Will Roll Back Necessary Climate Change Legislation .
McCain has repeatedly promised to appoint " strict constructionistÖ [ judges ] Öof the character and quality of Justices Roberts and Alito . "
Yet as Dr. Joseph Romm , former Deputy Assistant Secretary at the U.S. Department of Energy warned , " the conservative justices almost thwarted the majority in the landmark Massachusetts v. EPA case , in which the court decided 5 - 4 that the EPA has the authority and responsibility to regulate carbon dioxide as a pollutant . "
[ CPAC speech , 2/7/08 ; Salon , 2/8/08 ]
McCain Wo n’t Support Global Warming Solutions Without Huge Role for Nukes .
Sen. McCain was recently asked about the Lieberman - Warner Climate Security Act , which would reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 18 percent by 2020 , and 62 percent by 2050 .
This level of reductions is within the range recommended by scientists to avoid the worst impacts of global warming .
He said that " I will support [ it ] if we have a dramatically increased role for nuclear power ÖNuclear power has got to be a very big part of any effective action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . "
[ Bloomberg TV , 04/17.2008 ]
McCain - Lieberman Emissions Cuts Are Weak .
McCain ’s Climate Stewardship and Innovation Act , S. 280 , would cut greenhouse gas emissions by 13 percent by 2020 , and by 50 percent by 2050 .
This level of emissions reductions was deemed valuable when the bill was first introduced in 2003 , but new scientific urgency since then has overtaken it .
Its lower level of reductions would probably fail to stave off the worst impacts of global warming .
The reductions are less than the Lieberman - Warner Climate Security Act , S. 2191 .
[ NRDC Legislation Fact Sheet , Jan. 2008 ]
McCain Boasts of Global Warming Record , But Solutions Are Absent From His Website .
The " environment " page of the " issues " category of his website acknowledges the importance of limiting carbon emissions , but gives no specific policy that he would advocate to do so .
[ McCain ’s website ]
McCain ’s Climate Message
Is " Bush - Lite " And " Insubstantial . "
Michael Shank , of the Foreign Policy in Focus think tank , said that McCain ’s climate message is " not only Bush - lite , but also insubstantial . "
Shank pointed out that " their approaches are strikingly similar and sadly unassertive : let innovation , technology , and the free market solve the problem .
According to both , business will lead and the greening of America will follow . "
Shank pointed out , " The only main difference between the two is that Bush would rely on ethanol subsidies to reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil while for McCain leans heavily toward nuclear energy . "
[ Foreign Policy in Focus , 1/15/08 ]
This page contains a Japanese translation of the post on Surfin ' Safari blog " Introducing Squirrel Fish Extreme " .
この文書につい て
SquirrelFish Extreme を紹介します
ちょうど三ヶ月前、私達は SquirrelFish を発表しました。 これは私達の JavaScript エンジンを大改造するもので、 高性能なバイトコードインタプリタを導入しました。 今日は次世代の JavaScript エンジンを公開します。 SquirrelFish Extreme ( 略して SFX ) です。 SquirrelFish Extreme は、高速なネイティブコード生成といったより高度な技術を用い、
JavaScript に更なる性能をもたらします。
WebKit の開発をおいかけており、貢献したいと思っている方々のために、 我々の成果と、いかにそれを達成したのかについて紹介したいと思います。
どれくらい速いのか ？
以下のグラフは異なるバージョンの WebKit 間で Javaの性能を示したものです。 棒が長いほど高速です。
SunSupier を一分間に何度実行できるかが指標です。 この指標を使ってグラフを書いたのは、広範な指標で性能を調べる際に
「 大きいほど速い」がわかりやすいからです。見てのとおり、 現在の SquirrelFish Extreme はオリジナルの SquirrelFish のおよそ二倍、 出て一年も経たない Safari 3.0 の 10 倍も高速です。 私達はこうした改善を大変嬉しく思います。 しかしこの先の更なる改善を確信してもいます。
かなりの数の人々がこの成果に貢献してくれました。
以下では重要な仕事をした何人かに言及しますが、
JavaScript や性能の面で協力してくれた WebKit コントリビュータの皆に 感謝したいと思います 。
SquirrelFish Extreme は 4 つの異なる技術を使い、 オリジナルの SquirrelFish の性能を改善しました : バイトコードの最適化、多態インラインキャッシュ、
軽量な 「 コンテクストスレッド 」 式 JIT コンパイラ、 JIT インフラに基いた新しい正規表現といった技術です。
1. バイトコードの最適化
最初に SquirrelFish を発表したとき、 その基本設計にバイトコードレベルで大いに最適化の余地があると 私達は指摘していまし た
。Oliver Hunt 、Geoff Garen 、Cameron Zwarich、 そして私やその他の人々の奮闘により、 私達はそのバイトコードレベルで多くの効率よい最適化を実装しました。
私たちがやったことの一つは、オプコード内での最適化です。
JavaScript の操作はその多くが高い多態性を持ちます。
様々な場合に応じ様々に振舞いを変えるのです。
単に一番よくある、最速の場合を先にチェックするだけで、
JavaScript のプログラムはかなり高速化できるのです。
加えて、私達はバイトコードの命令セットも改善しました。
そうした改善の利点を生かした高速化をしたのです。
コンボ命令や、ピープホール最適化、定数の高速処理、
そして一般的な操作の標準ケース用にいくつか特別なオプコードを追加することもしました。
2. 多相インラインキャッシュ
SquirrelFish Extreme に施された新しい最適化の中で最も心踊るものの一つが、 多相インラインキャッシュです。これはもとも と
Self 言語で開発された古い技術で、 他の JavaScript エンジンで採用され良い効き目を出しています。
基本的な考え方はこうです : 言語設計の上では、JavaScript は極めて動的な言語です。 しかし大半のプログラムでは、実際のところ多くのオブジェクトが、
オブジェクト指向のクラスのような、もう少し構造のある使われ方をしています。 たとえば、多くの JavaScript ライブラリは 「 x ]
と「 y」というプロパティをもつオブジェクトを
使う作りになっています。このオブジェクト他のプロパティを持たず、
点を表現するのに使われます。多くのオブジェクトが同じ構造に基いているなら、
こうした知識を最適化に使うことができます。
動的言語コミュニティの人はこんな風に言っています。「捕まらないインチキはしてもいいんだぜ？」
では、どうやってインチキをすればいいのでしょうか？
私達はオブジェクトが同じ構造を持つこと...同じ順序で同じ名前のプロパティがあること...を検出します。
そしてオブジェクトに構造の識別子
StrucureID を割り付けます。 プロパティアクセスがおこると、初回はまず普通に( 超高速のハッシュテーブルを使い) ハッシュ検索をします。 そしてプロパティをみつけた場所に
StructureID とオフセット値を記録しておきます。 それ以降のアクセスでは StructureID の一致をチェックします - ふつう同じコード片は同じ構造を持つオブジェクト相手に使われるものです。
チェックに成功したらキャッシュしておいたオフセットを使い、わずか数命令で検索を行うことができます。
これはハッシュ検索よりずっと高速です。
​元になったテクニックを説明した Self の論文はこれ です。 Subversion に入っている Geoff の ​ StrucureID クラス の実装をみれば、より詳しいことがわかるでしょう 。
私達の施したインラインキャッシュは、まだはじめの一歩です。
更なる高速のためにこのテクニックを改善するアイデアが沢山ありますな。
とはいえ、プロパティアクセスがボトルネックであるような性能テストでは、
現状でも劇的な改善を見ることができるでしょう。
3. コンテクトスレッド JIT
SFX に行ったもう一つの大変更はネイティブコードの生成です。 手始めに使ったのは " コンテクストスレッドインタプリタ ( context threaded interpreter ) " という技術です。これは少しズレた名前です。 というのは、これは単純ながら効率的な JIT コンパイラだからです。 もともとの Squirrel Fish の発表で、 私達はダイレクトスレッ ド( direct threading ) を使っていると説明しました。 これはネイティブコード生成を使わずバイトコード解釈をする形態のうち、最速のものです。 コンテクストスレッドでは次の一歩を踏み出し、いくらかのネイティブコード生成を使います。
コンテクストスレッドの基本的なアイデアは、 バイトコードを 1 オプコード毎にネイティブコードに変換するというものです。
複雑なオプコードは言語のランタイムに対する関数呼びだしになります。
単純なオプコードや、複雑なオプコードのうち高速に実行できるパスは、
ネイティブコード列へ直接差し込まれます。
まずオプコード間の制御フローは 直線的なコードとなって CPU に差し出されます。 したがってディスパッチのオーバーヘッドはなくなります。 次にもともとオプコードの間にあった多くの分岐はインライン化されます。 これは CPU の分岐予測器にとって大変予測しやすいコードになるのです。
​コンテクストスレッドの基本的なアイデアを示した論文はこれです。
コンテクストスレッドの最初のプロトタイプは
Gavin Barraclough が作りました。 ここ数週間でそれをチューニングし性能を磨きあげるのには、何人もが手を貸しています。
私達の軽量 JIT がもつ優れた点の一つは、ネイティブコードの生成に わずか 4000 行のコードしか使っていないところです。 コードの他の部分はクロスプラットフォームのままです。 また、これは驚くほどハックしやすいコードです。 ネイティブコードの生成がロケットサイエンスだと思っている人は考えを改めてください。
Gavin だけでなく、私達の大半はネイティブコード生成の経験がほとんどありませんでした。 しかし、えいやと書いてしまえたのです 。
今のところコードは 32 ビットの x86 に限定されています。 しかしリファクタリングを行い、もっと多くの
CPU アーキテクチャをサポートしていく予定です。 また 型の特殊化や、より良いレジスタ割り当てや生存区間分 析( liveness analysis ) を使い、 JIT の高速化をしていこうとも考えています 。SquirrelFish のバイトコードは こうした変換を多く行うのに都合の良い表現となっています。
4. 正規表現 JIT
私達が JavaScript 言語本体のために最低限の JIT 基盤を作ってみたところ、 この基盤を正規表現にも適用し、正規表現のマッチングを
5 倍高速化できることがわかりました。 そこで作業を進め、実装を行いました。 全てのコードが正規表現に多くの時間を費すわけではありません。 しかし我々の新しい正規表現エンジンン WREC ( the Webkit Regualr Expression Compiler ) を使うと、これま で
Perl や Python や Ruby で書いていたようなテキスト処理のコードを JavaScript で書けるようになります。 実際、私達の正規表現エンジンは多くのケースで他の言語で 用いているチューニング済みの正規表現に勝ると確信しています。
SunSupider ベンチマークは結構な量の正規表現を使っているため、 正規表現 JIT を開発するの は 「 フェアじゃない」と考える向きもあるようです。
一年前、テストに占める正規表現の割合はとても小さなものでした。
そして各 JS エンジンは正規表現以外の改善を大いに進めました。 たとえば個々の SunSpider のテストひとつのの結果が JavaScriptCore より 5 から 10 倍高速で、 Safari 3.0 版の WebKit より 70 倍速いなんてものもありました。 しかし今日まで、正規表現の性能はほとんど改善されてこなかったのです。
私達は、正規表現を高速化する方がベンチマークを変更するより良いことだと考えました。
ウェブでの実作業は沢山の正規表現を使います。 結局、JSON の検証やパースのような
Web の本質的な作業は正規表現に依存しているのです。 そして ​ John Resig の processing .js といった発展途上のテクノロジーは、 この依存を更に強めています 。
ベンチマークにひとこと
ベンチマークの結果をいくつか示します。しかし能書きはありません。
WebKit の ​ Mac 版と ​ Windows 版の ナイトリービルドを手に入れて、 みなさん自身の手で確かめてください 。
私達の使った一番目のベンチマークはは ​ SunSupider です。 しかしどんなベンチマークもそうであるように、 SunSpider にも欠点はあります。 しかしこれは JavaScript 言語を多元的に扱い、多くの種類のコードをカバーする バランスのよいテストだと思います。テストの結果をひとつひとつ見ていけば、 異なる JavaScript 実装が異なる長所や短所を持つことがわかるでしょう。 ブラウザベンダや個人のテスト実施者がこのベンチマークを追いかけています。
次のステップと、あなたが貢献する方法
SquirrelFish Extreme のアーキテクチャには改善の余地が多く残されています。 そして私達は手助けをしてくれる開発者やテスタを歓迎します。 現状私達が調べているのは、どうやってバイトコードのインフラを使って実行時の情報を集め、 それをより良いコード生成にあてるかの方法です。
JS の関数呼び出しを高速化する方法も模索しています。
SFX のアーキテクチャの筋の良さを生かす基本的なチューニングも色々残っています。 更に他の CPU アーキテクチャ用 JIT バックエンドにも興味があります 。
WebKit の JavaScript エンジンをもっと近くで見守りたい人のために ​squirrelfish-dev@lists.webkit.org メーリングリストを作りました。 ( ​ここから購読できます。 ) FreeeNode の IRC ネットワークに # squirrelfish チャンネルもあります。 立ち寄っていただければ、更に詳しい計画や参加の方法がわかることでしょう。
試してみよ う
試して、テストして、ブラウジングをしてみてください。
​ナイトリービルドが入手可能です。 私達の改善があなたの Web 体験をよりよいものにできればと思います。
追記 : ​ここ に SFX と他の先行 JavaScript エンジンの比較があります。 Charles Ying が ​いくつか追加でベンチマークをしてくれました。
追 記2 : 私達のちいさなマスコットに不満の方は、下の
SquirrelFish をクリックすると WebKit ナイトリーの SVG アニメーションサポートを見ることができます。
​http://webkit.org/blog-files/animation-demo.svg
The US housing crisis arrived on July 14 at Stonebrook Court , the 26,000 - square - foot Tudor - style home of California venture capitalist Kelly Porter .
On that day , four months after putting the house on the market , he cut the price by $ US7 million ( $ 8.4 million ) .
It 's still for sale .
The mansion sits on 7.5 acres in Los Altos Hills , a Silicon Valley town where Yahoo !
Inc. co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Jerry Yang also lives .
It boasts a wine cellar , Venetian - inspired ballroom , Italian statuary and swimming pool .
At the reduced price of $ US38 million , the property is a bargain , the owner says .
`` It 's worth every bit of $ US45 million , and I reduced it reluctantly , '' said Porter , 45 , a partner at Woodside Capital Partners LLC in Palo Alto , in an interview .
`` We touched up every square inch . ''
The pain of the worst housing slump in a quarter century is reaching the highest end of the market as owners of luxury homes from California to Florida , New York and Connecticut slash list prices by millions .
In the broader market , home sales plunged to a 10 - year low in the second quarter and median house prices fell 7.6 % , according to the National Association of Realtors .
`` The upper end is not immune to this decline , '' said Kenneth Rosen , chairman of the University of California 's Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics in Berkeley .
A worsening economy means ``these people will have less wealth and they will spend less . ''
Lower list prices
A 10,340 - square - foot home in San Francisco 's Pacific Heights neighborhood is for sale at $ US14.8 million , 17 % below last year 's asking price .
A 153 - acre property with a vineyard near the Napa Valley sold in February for $ US14.7 million , 8 % off the price last year .
A home in Marin County 's Tiburon , a town where tennis star Andre Agassi used to live , was acquired in August for $ US900,000 less than the $ US7 million list price in 2007 .
To be sure , the price cuts may often mean only smaller profits on property acquired years ago .
Cinthia Haan , 53 , bought the Pacific Heights home for about $ US3 million in 1992 and spent $ US3 million on renovations , she said .
She stands to make an $ US8.8 million profit at the current asking price .
While Porter declined to say how much he spent on Stonebrook Court , real estate records show he paid $ US5 million in 1999 .
He did say refurbishing the place cost ``tens of millions '' of dollars .
Tightening standards
The same tightening of lending standards that has made it harder for ordinary Americans to finance and purchase property has also affected those who do n't need a mortgage , said David Lichtman , 45 , chief credit officer of First Republic Bank , a San Francisco - based private bank and unit of Merrill Lynch & Co .
`` You have smart buyers seeing a softer market , looking to negotiate a good price , '' Lichtman said .
``Nobody wants to overpay . ''
Luxury home prices in the second quarter fell 3.8 % in Los Angeles and 7.8 % in San Diego from a year earlier , while gaining 0.2 % in San Francisco , according to a First Republic property index .
The measure tracks a group of houses costing more than $ US1 million in the three areas .
High - end sellers must lower asking prices by 20 % compared with a year ago , when initial listing prices did n't reflect stricter credit conditions , said James Chalke , a broker at Nelson Shelton & Associates in Beverly Hills .
`` What 's really happening is that sellers are taking value off their own markup , '' Chalke said .
``A property is only worth what a buyer is prepared to pay for it . ''
Trump 's price cut
An 11 - bedroom property in the Bel Air section of Los Angeles , the neighborhood where actor Leonardo di Caprio and actress - singer Jennifer Lopez live , did n't attract potential buyers until the asking price dropped by $ US10 million , to $ US35 million , Chalke said .
Donald Trump's Palm Beach , Florida , estate , originally listed at $ US125 million , sold for $ US95 million in July , the Palm Beach Post reported July 16 .
Trump , 62 , paid $ US41.35 million in 2004 and renovated the property , according to the newspaper .
Charles Prince , 58 , former chief executive officer of Citigroup Inc. , sold his five - bedroom home in Greenwich , Connecticut , for $ US5.2 million , 15 % less than the original asking price of $ US6.15 million .
The median price in the town fell 2 % in June to $ US1.95 million , according to Prudential Connecticut Realty .
Sales of luxury Manhattan apartments are down 25 % in the third quarter compared with a year ago , and ``no one 's sure where prices will go '' as Wall Street firms cut jobs , according to Hall Willkie , 59 , president of the Brown Harris Stevens brokerage .
Free Bentley
The economic slowdown led Olivia Hsu Decker , of Decker Bullock Sotheby 's International Realty in Tiburon , to organize a five - day tour of 20 unsold properties in the San Francisco Bay Area that began Sept.
1 . More than 100 potential buyers from the US , the U.K. , France , Switzerland , Taiwan and Macau are attending parties and opera and symphony performances as part of the event , she said .
Decker said she will throw in a $ US174,100 Bentley sedan for the buyers of Porter 's Los Altos Hills property and of a 10,000 - square - foot home on the tip of Belvedere Island with views of the Golden Gate Bridge , listed for $ US65 million .
Owner Robert Friedland , chairman of Vancouver - based Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. , bought the place , known as Locksley Hall , in 1995 for $ US5.5 million and spent $ US34.5 million on renovations , Decker said .
Haan , founder of the Haan Foundation for Children , spent three years redoing the six - bedroom house in Pacific Heights .
``I 'm ready to let go now , '' Haan said .
``I 'm ready to sell . ''
Bloomberg News
Dept. of poor timing
Quite a day for an op - ed titled " Quit Doling Out That Bad- Economy Line . "
From Donald Luskin 's attack - ad - ready piece : " Full disclosure : I 'm an adviser to John McCain 's campaign ... "
Since 1984 , F. Curtis Barry & Company works with multichannel companies in operations and fulfillment consulting has allowed us to compile these 70 + ways that can cut costs and increase productivity , which will ultimately lead to an improvement in customer service .
We ask that you please consider using F. Curtis Barry & Company 's consulting services to tailor a cost reduction and productivity improvement assessment to your company 's needs in order to evaluate , develop and implement these improvements and cost reduction practices .
For more information contact us at 804-740-8743 or email info@fcbco.com .
Contact Center
Scheduling and staffing models , service levels and technology in the call center are all affected by the increasing eCommerce order volumes .
What are the ways to be more efficient and serve the customer better from the contact center ?
View 25 ways to reduce costs , increase productivity and improve customer service in the contact center
Warehouse & Distribution
With most companies coming out of a less than perfect holiday season , there is a real need to increase productivity without having to make major capital purchases to do so .
Discover ways to reduce your warehouse cost per order , increase capacity without expansion and improve service levels .
View 20 ways to reduce costs , increase productivity and improve customer service in the warehouse and distribution
Forecasting & Inventory Management
Inventory is most companies ' largest balance sheet asset .
How it 's managed determines customer service and profitability .
Learn ways to improve the management of this asset .
View 17 ways to reduce costs , increase productivity and improve customer service in forecasting & inventory management
Multichannel Business Systems
Order management , warehouse , e-commerce and inventory management systems are at the heart of the company .
These systems affect the productivity and sales of all departments including merchandising , marketing , fulfillment and contact center .
Investigate ways to plan for , select and implement effective Multichannel Business Systems .
View 11 ways to reduce costs , increase productivity and improve customer service in Multichannel Business Systems
Update : All of the LittleBigPlanet keys have gone !
Sorry for all those who had trouble connecting during the stampede , and apologies to those who missed out .
LittleBigPlanet needs no introduction , and if it did , Sony would use trumpets and red carpet for the occasion .
This , we 've been told , is the PS3 game of 2008 .
And we 're inclined to agree .
So , we 're excited to have teamed up with Sony to give away a whopping 5800 keys for the LittleBigPlanet beta .
5800 !
And all you have to do to get one is head to our LittleBigPlanet giveaway page and click a button .
You have to be a registered member of the Eurogamers community to do this , as most probably know .
This involves little more than choosing a witty username and password that can be remembered .
The LittleBigPlanet beta starts tomorrow and ends on 12th October .
This should give you plenty of time to enjoy charming platform mayhem with up to three friends , or get to grips with the magical toolset ingredient .
Quick quick .
There 's only a whopping 5800 left !
LittleBigPlanet is due for full release on 24th October .
Few major American stars have chosen to play so many imperfect men .
As Hud Bannon in “ Hud ” ( 1963 ) Mr. Newman was a heel on the Texas range who wanted the good life and was willing to sell diseased cattle to get it .
The character was intended to make the audience feel “ loathing and disgust , ” Mr. Newman told a reporter .
Instead , he said , “ we created a folk hero . ”
Image Paul Newman in 2006 .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
As the self - destructive convict in “ Cool Hand Luke ” ( 1967 ) Mr. Newman was too rebellious to be broken by a brutal prison system .
As Butch Cassidy in “ Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ” ( 1969 ) he was the most amiable and antic of bank robbers , memorably paired with Robert Redford .
And in “ The Hustler ” ( 1961 ) he was the small - time pool shark Fast Eddie , a role he recreated 25 years later , now as a well - heeled middle - aged liquor salesman , in “ The Color of Money ” ( 1986 ) .
That performance , alongside Tom Cruise , brought Mr. Newman his sole Academy Award , for best actor , after he had been nominated for that prize six times .
In all he received eight Oscar nominations for best actor and one for best supporting actor , in “ Road to Perdition . ”
“ Rachel , Rachel , ” which he directed , was nominated for best picture .
“ When a role is right for him , he ’s peerless , ” the film critic Pauline Kael wrote in 1977 .
“ Newman is most comfortable in a role when it is n’t scaled heroically ; even when he plays a bastard , he ’s not a big bastard  only a callow , selfish one , like Hud .
He can play what he ’s not  a dumb lout .
But you do n’t believe it when he plays someone perverse or vicious , and the older he gets and the better you know him , the less you believe it .
His likableness is infectious ; nobody should ever be asked not to like Paul Newman . ”
But the movies and the occasional stage role were never enough for him .
He became a successful racecar driver , winning several Sports Car Club of America national driving titles .
He even competed at Daytona in 1995 as a 70th birthday present to himself .
In 1982 , as a lark , he decided to sell a salad dressing he had created and bottled for friends at Christmas .
Thus was born the Newman ’s Own brand , an enterprise he started with his friend A. E. Hotchner , the writer .
More than 25 years later the brand has expanded to include , among other foods , lemonade , popcorn , spaghetti sauce , pretzels , organic Fig Newmans and wine .
( His daughter Nell Newman runs the company ’s organic arm . )
All its profits , of more than $ 200 million , have been donated to charity , the company says .
Much of the money was used to create a string of Hole in the Wall Gang Camps , named for the outlaw gang in “ Butch Cassidy . ”
The camps provide free summer recreation for children with cancer and other serious illnesses .
Mr. Newman was actively involved in the project , even choosing cowboy hats as gear so that children who had lost their hair because of chemotherapy could disguise their baldness .
The xmonad dev team is pleased to announce xmonad 0.8 !
Download the xmonad 0.8 release
Headlines
A general purpose replacement for “ gaps ” has been adopted .
Floating windows pop up on the current screen by default
Locale support
Rock solid code .
No new crash - inducing bugs reported .
.
No new crash - inducing bugs reported .
Many new extensions , including the ability to write your own configuration parsers .
The 1000th commit was made to the project
xmonad is a leading tiling window manager , known for its reliability , flexibility , and efficiency .
It supports true Xinerama tiling , and easy , rapid extension and customisation .
And yeah , it even runs on the openmoko :
We have had more than 70 developers contribute to the project .
Thank you all !
Get it !
Information , screenshots , documentation , tutorials and community resources are available from the xmonad home page .
Zimbabwe 's central bank has introduced 500 million Zimbabwe dollar notes worth just $ A2.15 in the latest sign of spiralling hyperinflation , only a week after issuing the 250 million bill .
The new highest denomination note would buy about two loaves of bread .
The central bank also introduced special agricultural cheques in five billion , 25 billion and 50 billion Zimbabwe dollar denominations to facilitate payments to farmers during the current selling season .
Farmers normally have to carry huge stacks of bank notes after selling their produce to state agencies , while consumers often carry large piles of cash with them for simple daily transactions .
The country is currently in the middle of the tobacco and maize marketing season .
" The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe is pleased to announce the introduction of special instruments to cater for the marketing needs of our farmers in the form of ' special agro cheques ' whose lifespan will run through December 31 2008 , " the central bank said in a statement .
It said the cheques were freely tradeable and would start circulating on Tuesday , while the new currency notes are available immediately .
Zimbabwe , which has the highest inflation rate in the world at around 165,000 percent , has been beset by long queues at banks as consumers seek bank notes to stock up on basic goods , the prices of which are constantly rising .
Zimbabweans had hoped elections on March 29 could help put an end to the country 's economic meltdown , which has also led to 80 per cent unemployment , chronic food and fuel shortages , and a flood of refugees to neighbouring states .
But the parliamentary election results have been disputed , and a run-off for the presidency has been delayed and is now due to take place by the end of July .
- Reuters
So they are it again , the great and the good of American democracy , grovelling and fawning to the Israeli lobbyists of American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) , repeatedly allying themselves to the cause of another country and one that is continuing to steal Arab land .
Will this ever end ?
Even Barack Obama – or " Mr Baracka " as an Irish friend of mine innocently and wonderfully described him – found time to tell his Jewish audience that Jerusalem is the one undivided capital of Israel , which is not the view of the rest of the world which continues to regard the annexation of Arab East Jerusalem as illegal .
The security of Israel .
Say it again a thousand times : the security of Israel – and threaten Iran , for good measure .
Yes , Israelis deserve security .
But so do Palestinians .
So do Iraqis and Lebanese and the people of the wider Muslim world .
Now even Condoleezza Rice admits – and she was also talking to Aipac , of course – that there wo n't be a Palestinian state by the end of the year .
That promise of George Bush – which no - one believed anyway – has gone .
In Rice 's pathetic words , " The goal itself will endure beyond the current US leadership . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Of course it will .
And the siege of Gaza will endure beyond the current US leadership .
And the Israeli wall .
And the illegal Israeli settlement building .
And deaths in Iraq will endure beyond " the current US leadership " – though " leadership " is pushing the definition of the word a bit when the gutless Bush is involved – and deaths in Afghanistan and , I fear , deaths in Lebanon too .
It 's amazing how far self - delusion travels .
The Bush boys and girls still think they 're supporting the " American - backed government " of Fouad Siniora in Lebanon .
But Siniora can't even form a caretaker government to implement a new set of rules which allows Hizbollah and other opposition groups to hold veto powers over cabinet decisions .
Thus there will be no disarming of Hizbollah and thus – again , I fear this – there will be another Hizbollah - Israeli proxy war to take up the slack of America 's long - standing hatred of Iran .
No wonder President Bashar Assad of Syria is now threatening a triumphal trip to Lebanon .
He 's won .
And was n't there supposed to be a UN tribunal to try those responsible for the murder of ex-prime minister Rafiq Hariri in 2005 ?
This must be the longest police enquiry in the history of the world .
And I suspect it 's never going to achieve its goal ( or at least not under the " current US leadership " ) .
There are gun battles in Beirut at night ; there are dark - uniformed Lebanese interior ministry troops in equally dark armoured vehicles patrolling the night - time Corniche outside my home .
At least Lebanon has a new president , former army commander Michel Sleiman , an intelligent man who initially appeared on posters , eyes turned to his left , staring at Lebanon with a creditor 's concern .
Now he has wisely ordered all these posters to be torn down in an attempt to get the sectarian groups to take down their own pictures of martyrs and warlords .
And America thinks things are going fine in Lebanon .
And Bush and his cohorts go on saying that they will never speak to " terrorists " .
And what has happened meanwhile ?
Why , their Israeli friends – Mr Baracka 's Israeli friends – are doing just that .
They are talking to Hamas via Egypt and are negotiating with Syria via Turkey and have just finished negotiating with Hizbollah via Germany and have just handed back one of Hizbollah 's top spies in Israel in return for body parts of Israelis killed in the 2006 war .
And Bush is n't going to talk to " terrorists " , eh ?
I bet he did n't bring that up with the equally hapless Ehud Olmert in Washington this week .
And so our dementia continues .
In front of us this week was Blair with his increasingly maniacal eyes , poncing on about faith and God and religion , and I could n't help reflecting on an excellent article by a colleague a few weeks ago who pointed out that God never seemed to give Blair advice .
Like before April of 2003 , could n't
He have just said , er , Tony , this Iraq invasion might not be a good idea .
Indeed , Blair 's relationship with God is itself very odd .
And I rather suspect I know what happens .
I think Blair tells God what he absolutely and completely knows to be right – and God approves his words .
Because Blair , like a lot of devious politicians , plays God himself .
For there are two Gods out there .
The Blair God and the infinite being which blesses his every word , so obliging that He does n't even tell Him to go to Gaza .
I despair .
The Tate has just sent me its magnificent book of orientalist paintings to coincide with its latest exhibition ( The Lure of the East : British Orientalist Painting ) and I am struck by the awesome beauty of this work .
In the 19th century , our great painters wondered at the glories of the Orient .
No more painters today .
Instead , we send our photographers and they return with pictures of car bombs and body parts and blood and destroyed homes and Palestinians pleading for food and fuel and hooded gunmen on the streets of Beirut , yes , and dead Israelis too .
The orientalists looked at the majesty of this place and today we look at the wasteland which we have helped to create .
But fear not .
Israel 's security comes first and Mr Baracka wants Israel to keep all of Jerusalem – so much for the Palestinian state – and Condee says the " goal will endure beyond the current American leadership " .
And I have a bird that sits in the palm tree outside my home in Beirut and blasts away , going " cheep - cheep - cheep - cheep - cheep " for about an hour every morning – which is why my landlord used to throw stones at it .
But I have a dear friend who believes that once there was an orchestra of birds outside my home and that one day , almost all of them – the ones which sounded like violins and trumpets – got tired of the war and flew away ( to Cyprus , if they were wise , but perhaps on to Ireland ) , leaving only the sparrows with their discordant flutes to remind me of the stagnant world of the Middle East and our cowardly , mendacious politicians .
" Cheep - cheep - cheep , " they were saying again yesterday morning .
" Cheap - cheap - cheap . "
And I rather think they are right .
‘ 1 Out of 3 People Believe in Fortune Telling ’
The telling of fortunes has been an integral part of Chinese superstition and cultural beliefs since time immemorial .
It is a highly respected practice , whose practitioners are relegated to the equivalent roles in western society of management consultants and psychotherapists .
Many major business decisions are made with the specific input of a fortune teller , and for the Chinese fortune - telling is a social event , somewhat like going shopping or dining out .
Modern China and its fortunetellers have had their ups and downs , as do all relationships , whether good or bad .
The Communist Party for years saw the fading art form as a sign of “ backwardness , ”  and yet traditional fortune - tellers thrive in today ’s China although their role is something other than mystical .
One newspaper from a decade ago warned that “ Chinese Scientists are Against Fortune - Telling ”  and the inclusive article cited a survey , which indicated that 1 out of every 3 persons in China believed in fortune - telling .
The commentary concluded with the admonition that “ those who make money by telling fortunes should be punished according to the law . ”
Fortune - telling is often a family affair ; a trade passed down from generation to generation and family member to family member .
Fortune - tellers can be found in cities like Beijing where they minister to pedestrians and office workers .
Their true significance of fortune - telling is a moot point .
There can be little doubt , however , that it is the power of belief and the ability to “ tune in ”  and not the fortune - teller ’s divination sticks that support the mystique and “ power ”  of the modern Chinese fortune - teller .
Chinese authorities have targeted fortune - telling as the nation ’s next priority in a crackdown on illegal telephone content and phone sex .
Still , fortune - telling persists , which is a statement all by itself .
Interest in the telling of fortunes always increases sharply around the start of the Lunar New Year .
For a dynamic nation like China , it would seem that the intangible is the most sought after commodity of all ; namely , the future .
Who knows what it will bring ?
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 14 , 2008
David Sweet , writing for Raw Story , characterizes the Clarion Fund as a “ shadowy group ” distributing a 60 - minute DVD , titled “ Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West . ”
The DVD “ is being distributed in millions of newspapers across the country this week primarily in swing states , ” including Indiana , Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Michigan , New Mexico , and elsewhere in order to “ ensure we can all make an informed vote in November , ” that is to say vote for the neocon candidate , John McCain .
Distributing 145,000 DVDs is a last ditch attempt to keep the neocons in the driver ’s seat and stretch out the “ clash of civilizations ” into the indeterminable future .
A Google search of the Clarion Fund produces few results of use .
“ Clarion Fund , Inc. is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization .
We are independent and do not accept funding from the U.S. Government , political institutions , or foreign organizations , ” states the Clarion Fund ’s website .
“ Our primary focus is on the most urgent threat of radical Islam . ”
However , the Popular Progressive blog was able to pull up a modicum of information :
Through some web digging , I was able to identify three players , Raphael Shore who is a Canadian citizen who is the producer / co - writer of the film and founder of the Clarion Fund , Wayne Kopping , a South African national , the director and co-writer and Gregory Ross , who is the communications director of this New York based non-profit group .
Ross was “ originally from Los Angeles and have lived overseas for many years .
I moved back to LA from New York after 9 - 11 , and a stint on Wall Street , and started working in the Hollywood Entertainment community . ”
Ross does not disclose how the film was produced , but is quoted as saying “ The film was financed by a concerned citizen who has a long standing relationship with our organization .
The cost was under $ 500 k and it took over a year to complete . ”
Something about this group does n’t pass the smell test , particularly when no information is available about its donors and board of directors .
Indeed , although this lack of information , apparently deliberate , does not hide the obvious fact the neocons are behind the Clarion Fund .
As the video clip above reveals , the unmistakable neocon imprimatur is all over this propaganda DVD .
As it turns out , Gregory Ross is associated with David Horowitz and the Frontpage website .
Horowitz takes money from the Bradley , Olin , Sarah Scaife and Smith Richardson foundation , in particular billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife .
Horowitz , a neocon of the most fanatical sort , has taken “ more than $ 1.2 million from Scaife - controlled foundations since 2000 and more than $ 5.6 million since 1989 ” for his Center for the Study of Popular Culture , according to Terry Krepel , citing Media Transparency .
But “ Dickie ” Scaife is more than your average neocon .
He is intimately connected to the Wall Street CIA apparatus and the secret government , according to research conducted by Edward Spannaus .
“ From 1973 to 1975 , Scaife ran Forum World Features , a foreign news service used as a front to disseminate CIA propaganda around the world , ” notes Political Friendster .
“ The CIA has always recruited the nation ’s elite : millionaire businessmen , Wall Street brokers , members of the national news media , and Ivy League scholars , ” writes Steve Kangas .
“ Historically , the CIA and society ’s elite have been one and the same people .
This means that their interests and goals are one and the same as well . ”
It should be obvious by now that the elite want perpetual war for perpetual profit — for the death merchants and the banksters — in the Middle East .
In order to make their honed murder machine run efficiently and sans resistance they must propagandize the public on the “ existential threat ” of radical Islam .
In fact , no such threat exists because the radical Muslims hyped in “ Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West ” are infinitesimal in number , factionalized , and pathetically disorganized – that is unless they work for the CIA , MI - 6 , German intelligence , and the Mossad .
However , this is not the half of it .
In the video , we are subjected to the ranting of Abu Hamza al - Masri , who promises to take over the world in the name of Islam .
Not only was al - Masri connected to Abdullah Azzam , al - Qaeda , and the CIA - ISI network in Afghanistan , he was first approached by British intelligence in 1997 and was closely associated with Haroon Rashid Aswat , the supposed 7/7 bombing mastermind and MI6 asset , according to former Justice Department prosecutor John Loftus .
In fact , al - Masri worked obligingly for years with two branches of the British security services , the police ’s Special Branch and MI5 ( see The Suicide Factory : Abu Hamza and the Finsbury Park Mosque , Sean O’Neill , Daniel McGrory , pp. 143-5 ) .
But then this should come as no surprise , as even the corporate media has reported on occasion that MI5 has a track record of working with al - Qaeda ( see Steve Watson , Terror Expert : 7/7 Mastermind was working for British Intelligence , Group was used by Brits in Kosovo in the late 90s ) .
Of course , most of the people who will receive the gratis neocon DVD inserted in newspapers will know nothing of this and will likely be spooked by the lurid images of Muslims calling for the murder of infidels and global jihad , a cartoonish prospect at best .
Many of them will likely vote for John McCain , the neocon choice over Barack Obama , who is no lightweight when it comes to the manufactured GWOT and its resultant piles of dead bodies ( Obama has called for unilateral military strikes inside Pakistan and wants to move troops from Iraq to Afghanistan ) .
The Clarion Fund may remain “ shadowy , ” however the DVD it is handing out to potential voters is an obvious product of the neocons , apparently linked back to the former Marxist David Horowitz and his patron , the CIA operative “ Dickie ” Scaife .
The “ Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West ” DVD would serve as a nice drink coaster .
However , as the neocons understand all too well , an appreciable number of people will be suckered by their fictional scenario — same as they are suckered by likewise daily content on Fox News , CNN , et al — although it remains to be seen if they will turn out for John McCain .
Either way , it hardly matters .
Because the perpetual war gang will rule the roost no matter who ends up on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue come January , 2009 .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The hands of an Iraqi woman reaches for the sides of a truck in an effort to make herself noticed as Iraqi Army 42nd Brigade , 11th Division Soldiers distribute food , water , and medical supplies , in Sadr City , Baghdad , Iraq , on May 8 , 2008 , during Operation Iraqi Freedom .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Tech . Sgt. Cohen A. Young )
North of downtown Baghdad , Iraq lies Sadr City and several other neighboring districts , predominantly shiite and impoverished .
A recent lull in fighting between militias , and US and Iraqi armed forces has allowed security forces and aid supplies to return to the area .
The truce remains tenuous , as a car bomb detonated yesterday in a crowded market , killing more than 50 Iraqis .
Here are some images of daily life in and around Sadr City , Baghdad over the past several weeks .
( 16 photos total
A U.S. Soldier of 1 - 6 battalion , 2nd brigade , 1st Army Division , patrols near the wall in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Monday , June 9 , 2008 .
The 12 - foot concrete barrier is has been built along a main street dividing southern Sadr city from north and it is about 5 kilometers , ( 3.1 miles ) long .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
Iraqi Muslims cup their hands during Friday noon prayers at the Kadhim Mosque in the Shiite Muslim district of Kadhimiya in Baghdad on June 13 , 2008 .
Iraq 's hardline Shiite leader Moqtada al - Sadr on June 13 said he plans to form a new armed group to fight US forces in Iraq .
( AFP / ALI AL - SAADI )
U.S. Soldiers of 1 - 6 battalion , 2nd brigade , 1st Armored Division secure the area as a Shiite woman with her baby waits to receive aid distributed by Iraqi government in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday , June 17 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
Iraqi soccer fans celebrate Iraq 's win over China in the Asia 2010 World Cup qualifying match as they gather in a cafe in the Shiite enclave of Sadr City in Baghdad , Iraq , Saturday , June 14 , 2008 .
Iraq ousted China from World Cup qualifying with a 2 - 1 victory Saturday .
( AP Photo / Karim Kadim )
U.S. Soldiers of 1 - 6 battalion , 2nd brigade , 1st Armored Division , patrol in Jamilah market in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday , June 10 , 2008 .( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
An Iraqi soldier from the 3rd Battalion , 42nd Brigade , 11th Iraqi Army Division passes through an opening in a door that was blown open during a search of an abandoned warehouse in the Thawra 1 neighborhood of the Sadr City district of Baghdad , Iraq , June 5 , 2008 .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Tech . Sgt. Cohen A. Young )
Weapons seized by Iraqi security forces during recent operations in the Shiite enclave of Sadr City are displayed at the 9th Iraqi Army Division headquarters on , June 18 , 2008 in southeastern Baghdad , Iraq .
Baghdad yesterday suffered the worst loss of life for three months after a car bomb detonated in al - Hurriyah Shiite district , killing over 50 people .
( Khalid Mohammed - Pool / Getty Images )
A young girl rests at Kazimiyah hospital , after being wounded in a car bombing in Baghdad , Iraq , Wednesday , June 18 , 2008 .
The bomb ripped through a busy commercial street in a Shiite area of Baghdad on Tuesday , killing at least 51 people and wounding scores more in the deadliest blast in the capital in more than three months .
( AP Photo / Karim Kadim )
A U.S. Soldier from 1st Brigade Combat Team , 6th Infantry Division , assigned to Task Force Regulars receives a lift from an Iraqi boy and his mule on Route Douglas in the Jameela Market in the Sadr City district of Baghdad , Iraq , May 31 , 2008 .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Tech . Sgt. Cohen A. Young )
A U.S. soldier makes a retina scan of an Iraqi man in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Monday , June 9 , 2008 .
About 270 Iraqi men from 18 - 35 years old , filled applications and made background checks as they were registered for " Neighborhood guards " .
Neighborhood guards are going to be used as guards in check points in Sadr city .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
Iraqi shiite women wait outside the Al Rasheed Bank , in Jamilah market in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday , June 10 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
Children jump and run as Iraqi troops from the 11th Brigade arrives in their neighborhood to distribute food rations in the impoverished Sadr City district of eastern Baghdad on May 25 , 2008 .
Iraqi troops poured into the Baghdad Shiite bastion of Sadr City three days ago for the first time in eight weeks , without resistance from militias who have fought deadly street battles with US forces .
( ALI YUSSEF / AFP / Getty Images )
A boy carrying plastic toy weapons approaches a U.S. Soldier of 1 - 6 battalion , 2nd brigade , 1st Armored Division patrols in the Shiite enclave of Sadr city , Baghdad , Iraq , on Monday , June 16 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
Sgt. Kyle Hale of Yukon , Okla. , 1 - 6 battalion , 2nd brigade , 1st Armored Division , hits a man as he contains an unruly crowd to protect another man who was nearly trampled , outside the Al Rasheed Bank in the Jamilah market in the Shiite enclave of Sadr City , Baghdad , Iraq , Tuesday , June 10 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Petros Giannakouris )
More links and information :
U.S. Blames Shi'ite Group For Baghdad Bomb NYTimes.com 6/18
Iraq NYTimes.com
Topic page
Sadr City NYTimes.com
Topic page
The newspaper in which I found this story , , described this as reflecting " the latest clash of small - town values , including a heaping serving of religious fervor , against what some here view as an increasingly hedonistic and dangerous world . "
Yes , but it is also a story about Christians attempting to force their morality on others .
The Christians recording license plates and photographing customers want to close the store .
They do not want adults to have access to the material sold at this store .
Why ?
They believe that what the store does is morally wrong .
It offends their Christian sensibilities , and they do not trust other adults to make their own decisions .
They would deny their neighbors this freedom .
Like all of us , these Christians certainly have a right to believe what they want .
But why do they find it necessary to interfere with what others are doing ?
Why do they despise freedom ?
Assuming that the Christians are not trespassing on private property , they have the right to hold their parking lot vigil .
But what about intimidating customers by posting photos of them on a website specifically to humiliate them ?
Does this cross the line ?
I love the fact that some people are visiting the store simply to annoy the Christian protesters .
I would do the same if this was to happen in my community .
I 'd also make sure I was wearing an interesting t- shirt for their website .
Protests like this can actually help the business , but I 'd imagine that this is more likely in heavily populated areas .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) -
The long term playing future of Australia all - rounder Andrew Symonds is in doubt after he was thrown off the national squad for missing an important team meeting to go fishing .
Senior players and team management voted to send Symonds home before Australia ’s opening one - day international against Bangladesh in Darwin on the weekend because of concerns about his commitment to the team .
The 33 - year - old has been in trouble with team officials before and was almost sent home from the 2005 Ashes tour of England when he turned up to a match still under the influence of alcohol .
Symonds ’ manager said the Queenslander was so disillusioned by his dumping from the team that he was pondering his future and considering skipping this year ’s tour of India .
“ Andrew ’s going to take some time to reflect on what ’s happened , ” his manager Matt Fearon told reporters on Monday .
“ He ’s still committed to playing cricket at the highest level .
“ How he goes about doing that and how it plays out I do n’t know .
Whether it means India I do n’t know . ”
Australia coach Tim Neilsen said he was already resigned to losing Symonds for the Indian series and was unsure when he may return .
“ I do n’t think we can bank on much at all at the moment , ” Nielsen said .
“ The only thing we can bank on is providing as much support as we possibly can for him to make the right decision for him and for us , to come back into the group 100 percent committed .
“ But how long is a piece of string ?
I do n’t know if Roy ( Symonds ) would understand or know how long it ’s going to take .
I certainly do n’t . ”
Truth , Justice and the American Way .
Fighting for truth in a world of lies , we struggle against those who would spin and deceive .
We battle for social justice , charity and peace for humanity , in America and around the world !
We pray for America and President Barack Obama .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The top U.S. general in Iraq is recommending nearly 8,000 troop cuts in Iraq because of the improving situation there , a source close to the process has told CNN .
President Bush is considering Gen. David Petraeus ' recommendation , which the official said is for a reduction of " well over 7,500 personnel , " with the number including combat and support troops .
Some units would leave Iraq over the next five months as they complete their missions .
But the first possible significant reduction -- an army brigade combat team -- would leave without replacement early next year , said the official , and that would free a brigade to be rotated to Afghanistan instead of Iraq .
Petraeus gave his recommendation to Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm .
Mike Mullen , who have passed it and other recommendations along to the president .
A reduction in U.S. troops in Iraq would free up personnel for deployment to Afghanistan , a move urged by many commanders .
The Taliban has stepped up its fight in that country , posing a challenge for the 33,000 U.S. troops deployed there .
The White House will not comment on the details of the Iraq recommendations .
Spokeswoman Dana Perino said only that Bush " has received the assessment and recommendation from the Pentagon and he is considering his options . "
The president is expected to make an announcement on troop levels next week , the same time Gates and Mullen are to testify before the House Armed Services Committee about Iraq and Afghanistan .
There are 146,000 U.S. troops in Iraq .
Iraq and the United States are working to seal a security agreement that would set down a framework to withdraw troops .
In deciding on troop cuts , officials must weigh the need for sufficient U.S. military presence to help Iraq build its army and the significant sentiment there for U.S. and coalition troops to withdraw swiftly .
U.S. and Iraqi negotiators have been looking at a proposal calling for a complete U.S. military withdrawal by the end of 2011 , and a deadline of June 30 , 2009 , to end the presence of U.S. troops in cities and towns .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell confirmed that Gates and Mullen made their recommendations to Bush on Wednesday , but gave no details .
" I can tell you that all these leaders are fundamentally in agreement on how we should proceed in Iraq , " he said of Gates , Mullen , Petraeus , the Joint Chiefs of Staff and acting Central Command chief Gen. Martin Dempsey .
" Of course , now it is up to the commander - in - chief to decide the way ahead , " Morrell said .
Officials said senior military leaders agree that the soonest troop levels could be significantly reduced would be early in 2009 , when a 3,500 - strong brigade from the 10th Mountain Division is scheduled to deploy to Iraq to replace a brigade leaving in mid-January .
Pentagon officials say that would free another brigade combat team to arrive in Afghanistan in mid-February .
The Army has identified units that could be available for Afghanistan , but it would take two to three months from the time the decision is made to assemble all the weaponry and equipment they need and ship them and the troops to Afghanistan , two Army officials told CNN .
The officials said the troops would not need extensive additional training to switch from Iraq to Afghanistan , especially those earmarked to train Afghan forces .
The increase in fighting in Afghanistan contrasts with the dramatic drop in violence across Iraq , where U.S. military is confident that it will continue to make strides .
The military transferred security control to Iraqis this week in the country 's Anbar province , a Sunni Arab region once dominated by insurgents and now a bastion of the Awakening Councils , or Sons of Iraq , U.S. - backed groups that help with some security duties .
The military said it plans to transfer management of the Awakening Councils to the Iraqi government next month .
" The government of Iraq and coalition forces have agreed in principle to transfer all 100,000 Sons of Iraq , " Maj .
John Hall told CNN .
" The transfer will start with the Baghdad province , with the other provinces following at a later date . "
Under the security agreement still being negotiated , the Iraqi government could ask Americans to extend the tentative deadlines if it sees the necessity of doing so .
A joint Iraqi-U.S. committee would then help define the duration and number of forces that would be needed and regularly assess the security situation on the ground .
All About Iraq • David Petraeus • Afghanistan
Fearing that internet petitions would n't put an end to Electronic Arts ' use of SecuROM DRM , a group of Spore fans have launched a class action suit against the company , reports Courthouse News Service .
The suit claims that by including SecuROM , EA is knowingly defrauding customers .
A long ream of reasons why SecuROM is so horrid are included with the complaint , including its secretive installation and its ability to prevent use of the computer 's functionality under certain circumstances .
The CNS piece claims that " plaintiffs demand disgorgement of unjust profits and damages for trespass , interference , unfair competition and consumer law violations , " though offers no solid word on how much cash the aggrieved fans are seeking .
Image courtesy EA
' Spore ' Hijacks Computers , Class Claims [ Courthouse News Service ]
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Even if the Bush administration 's $ 700 billion bailout works , the United States still faces the longest and most severe economic stretch since the Great Depression , according to one economist .
" The recession train has already left the station , " said Nouriel Roubini , professor of economics at NYU 's Stern School of Business during a conference call Wednesday .
" What this plan can avoid is a Japan - like , L - shaped recession , " where the economy sinks and stays sunk , " that could last a decade or more . "
He said a well - implemented plan could limit the heavy bleeding to 18 - months .
To do it right , according to Roubini , the toxic credit held by banks would have to be bought up and taken off balance sheets so banks can start to lend again .
For the government to make that kind of investment , he added , it had to get something in return .
Roubini suggested that should be preferred shares in the companies that later would convert to common stock .
Roubini also had a solution for the housing market : Reduce mortgage balances to market prices and refinance them to lower mortgage payments .
He pointed out that home prices are down 25 % from their highs already and will probably fall another 15 % .
That would put a good 40 % of all mortgage borrowers underwater , owing more on their loans than their homes are worth .
" More people will walk away from their homes , " he said .
" Even if only one in five walks away , that adds up to a $ 400 billion loss .
If half walk away , it would be a trillion . "
The impact of the housing crisis on the larger economy is everywhere .
Stock prices are already down 20 % from their highs - the definition of a bear market - and will fall another 15 % to 20 % , according to Roubini .
Consumer spending , which accounts for more than 70 % of the national economy , has fallen for three straight months , after being temporarily boosted by stimulus checks .
Home price declines have lowered consumer confidence and removed a source of wealth .
Few homeowners can now fund their purchases by tapping their home equity via a home equity loans or cash - out refinances .
" People ca n't use their homes as ATMs anymore , " said Roubini .
Job losses have increased and the unemployment rate hit 6.1 % in August , up from 5.7 % in July , the highest in five years .
Roubini is forecasting it to top out at over 8 % , at least .
And mortgage lending problems have migrated into other lending vehicles and will spread further .
Roubini predicted that practically all lending will see increased rates of defaults in the coming months from auto loans to credit cards to commercial real estate loans to municipal bonds .
" We do n't just have a subprime mortgage lending system , " Roubini said , " we have a subprime financial system . "
The next shoe to drop may be thousands of highly leveraged hedge funds , according to Roubini .
As nervous investors cash in , the funds will be forced to liquidate highly leveraged assets at a deep discount , he said , causing the collapse of hundreds of smaller funds that have taken on excessive risk .
Roubini said a massive shake - out of the industry is likely during the next few years .
WASHINGTON - As Congress prepares to debate expansion of drilling in taxpayer - owned coastal waters , the Interior Department agency that collects oil and gas royalties has been caught up in a wide - ranging ethics scandal - including allegations of financial self - dealing , accepting gifts from energy companies , cocaine use , and sexual misconduct .
In three reports delivered to Congress yesterday , the department 's inspector general , Earl E. Devaney , found wrongdoing by a dozen current and former employees of the Minerals Management Service , which collects about $ 10 billion in royalties annually and is one of the government 's largest sources of revenue other than taxes .
" A culture of ethical failure " pervades the agency , Devaney wrote in a cover memo .
The reports portray a dysfunctional organization that has been riddled with conflicts of interest , unprofessional behavior , and a free - for - all atmosphere for much of the Bush administration 's watch .
The highest - ranking official criticized in the reports is Lucy Q. Denett , the former associate director of minerals revenue management who retired earlier this year as the inquiry was progressing .
The investigations are the latest installment in a series of scathing probes of the program 's management and competence in recent years .
While previous reports have focused on problems the agency had in collecting millions of dollars owed to the Treasury , and hinted at personal misconduct , the new reports go far beyond any previous probe in revealing serious concerns with the integrity and behavior of the agency 's officials .
In one of the new reports , investigators concluded that Denett worked with two aides to steer a lucrative consulting contract to one of the aides after he retired , violating competitive procurement rules .
Two other reports focus on " a culture of substance abuse and promiscuity " in the service 's royalty - in - kind program .
That part of the agency collects about $ 4 billion a year in oil and gas rather than cash royalties .
Based in suburban Denver and modeled to operate like a private - sector energy company , the decade - old royalty - in - kind program sells oil and gas on the open market .
Its employees are subject to government ethics rules , such as restrictions on taking gifts from people and companies with whom they conduct official business .
One of the reports says that the officials viewed themselves as exempt from those limits , indulging themselves in the expense - account - fueled world of oil and gas executives .
The reports provoked immediate outrage in Congress .
Senator Ron Wyden , an Oregon Democrat who chairs the Public Lands and Forests Subcommittee , on the Senate floor yesterday accused the Minerals Management Service of " a pattern of abuses and mismanagement " that is costing taxpayers billions .
And Senator Bill Nelson , a Florida Democrat , suggested that Congress should not lift its ban on offshore drilling - a hot - button issue in his state - because of the problems identified .
The report alleges that eight officials in the royalty program accepted gifts from energy companies whose value exceeded limits set by ethics rules - including golf , ski and paintball outings ; meals and drinks ; and tickets to a Toby Keith concert , a Houston Texans football game , and a Colorado Rockies baseball game .
The investigation also concluded that several of the officials " frequently consumed alcohol at industry functions , had used cocaine and marijuana , and had sexual relationships with oil and gas company representatives . "
The investigation separately found that the program 's manager mixed official and personal business .
In sometimes lurid detail , the report also accuses him of having intimate relations with two subordinates , one of whom regularly sold him cocaine .
The culture of the organization " appeared to be devoid of both the ethical standards and internal controls sufficient to protect the integrity of this vital revenue - producing program , " one report said .
The director of the Minerals Management Service , Randall Luthi , said in a conference call with reporters that the officials implicated in the reports had violated the public 's trust .
Luthi , who became the service director in July 2007 , said that the agency had requested the investigation after receiving whistleblower complaints in the spring of 2006 , and that it has already made several changes .
A spokesman for Devaney declined to comment .
A former official named in the report , Jimmy W. Mayberry , pleaded guilty to a felony conflict - of - interest charge in August and faces up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
BUENOS AIRES ( Reuters ) - Argentine scientists are taking a novel approach to studying global warming -- strapping plastic tanks to the backs of cows to collect their burps .
In this file photo cows eat on a farm in Lobos , 100 km ( 62 miles ) south - east of Argentina 's capital Buenos Aires , September 22 , 2007 .
Argentine scientists are taking a novel approach to studying global warming -- strapping plastic tanks to the backs of cows to collect their burps .
REUTERS / Enrique Marcarian
Researchers say the slow digestive system of cows makes them a producer of methane , a potent greenhouse gas that gets far less public attention than carbon dioxide in efforts to fight global warming .
Scientists around the world are studying the amount of methane in cow burps and Argentine researchers say they have come up with a unique way .
Attaching a red plastic tank to a cow ’s back and connecting it through a tube to the animal ’s stomach , scientists say they can trap bovine burps and analyze them .
“ When we got the first results , we were surprised .
Thirty percent of Argentina ’s ( total greenhouse ) emissions could be generated by cows , ” said Guillermo Berra , a researcher at the National Institute of Agricultural Technology .
One of the world ’s biggest beef producers , Argentina has some 55 million heads of cattle grazing on the famed Pampas grasslands .
Berra said the researchers “ never thought ” a cow weighing 550 kg ( 1,210 lb ) could produce 800 to 1,000 liters ( 28 to 35 cubic feet ) of emissions each day .
At least 10 cows are being studied , Berra said , including some in a corral whose burps are collected in yellow balloons hanging from the roof .
Greenhouse gases are widely blamed for causing global warming .
Methane , researchers say , is 23 times more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat in the atmosphere and can be found in animal waste , landfills , coal mines and leaking natural gas pipes .
Scientists are working to develop new diets for cows that could make it easier for them to digest food , moving them away from grains to plants like alfalfa and clover .
“ We have done a preliminary study and have found that by using tannins , you can reduce methane emissions by 25 percent , ” said Silvia Valtorta of the National Council of Scientific and Technical Investigations .
Enter your search terms Submit search form
Welcome to Ubuntu 8.04 LTS !
The Ubuntu project is built on the ideas enshrined in the Ubuntu philosophy : that software should be available free of charge , that software tools should be usable by people in their local language , and that people should have the freedom to customize and alter their software in whatever way they need .
Getting Help with Ubuntu :
There are many ways to get help with Ubuntu .
Access Ubuntu 's guides and documentation by selecting " Help " from your System menu .
You can also find help from the official Ubuntu documentation website and the community contributed documentation .
If you prefer some human contact , you can use the mailing lists , web forums , or chat with the community on Freenode IRC Channel : #ubuntu .
You can also obtain commercial support .
Participate in Ubuntu :
The Ubuntu community is made up of software developers , documentation writers , translators , graphic artists , and most importantly , the people who are using Ubuntu in their everyday lives .
We invite you to join this community and help shape Ubuntu into an operating system that better meets your needs .
To find out how to participate , visit Ubuntu 's community participation page !
Holland 's military intelligence service ( AIVD ) recently suspended an intelligence operation aimed at infiltrating and sabotaging the Iranian weapon manufacturing industry following estimates that the United States plans to attack the Islamic republic in the coming weeks , according to a report by Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf , quoted by media worldwide Monday .
The report stated that the operation , deemed successful , was recently halted due to preparations for an American airstrike in Iran .
The Dutch believe that the bombed targets will include the locations of their espionage operation .
Nuclear Threat West fears Russia will supply anti-aircraft missiles to Iran Ynet Sunday Telegraph says proposed deal between Moscow , Tehran ' causing huge alarm ' in US and Israel .
' Purchase of S - 300 missiles would ' change the game ' , significantly improve Iranian defenses against any air strike on its nuclear sites , Pentagon official quoted as saying West fears Russia will supply anti-aircraft missiles to Iran
According to the report , the information obtained by Holland due to its operation in Iran was shared with the American Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
The Bush administration has not ruled out the possibility of attacking Iran should Tehran continue to ignore the international community 's demand to suspend its uranium enrichment .
A top Iranian general warned Saturday that any attack on his country would lead to a world war , according to the Mehr news agency .
" The unbridled greediness of the American and Zionist leadership is pushing the world to the edge of the cliff , " Brigadier General Masoud Jazayeri said in relation to the crises in Iraq , Afghanistan , Sudan and Georgia , " should such a ( conflict ) erupt , the phony and artificial regimes will be annihilated . "
Earlier last week , the head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards , General Mohammad Ali Jafari , said that Israel would not dare launch an attack on Iran for fear of the Islamic Republic 's missile array and the support of its Islamic allies in the region .
" In the event of an attack against Iran , the Israelis know that with the capabilities that the Islamic world and the Shiite world have in the region , they will suffer deadly strikes , " the Mehr news agency quoted Jafari as saying , in an apparent reference to Hizbullah .
One of the Geeklets recently turned 9 , and to celebrate we baked a cake .
Since he was baking his first cake , we picked an easy to use mix , but we could n't resists altering it a little .
We have quite a bit of Root Beer flavor left over from a summer project and decided that a root beer cake was in order .
By adding a splash ( teaspoon ? ) of flavor to the mix we got a nice mild root beer taste .
The cake smelled great coming out of the oven .
Mix some flavor into some white frosting , add some crushed root beer candies on top and you 've got a very nice birthday treat .
When his fractions are a little stronger we 'll make the step to a scratch built cake and fine tune the flavor for cupcakes .
In America and elsewhere , electoral fraud is n't new nor should anyone be surprised it occurs .
But as technology improves , so are better ways found to pre-arrange outcomes .
It 's easier than ever today so more time , effort , money and other resources are earmarked for it .
The result : -- elections and their run-up are mere kabuki theater ; the major media and PR industry play the lead role ; everything is pre-scripted ; -- secrecy and back room deals substitute for a free , fair and open process ; -- candidates are pre-selected ; -- big money owns them ; -- key outcomes are predetermined ; -- both major parties share fault ; -- partisan politics serve the privileged ; -- they get the best democracy money can buy ; -- elections give them cover ; -- independents are shut out ; -- the media ignore them ; -- issues are unaddressed ; horse race journalism and trivia substitute ; -- voter disenfranchisement is rife ; many are peremptorily stricken from the rolls ; others are intimidated not to vote or are detered by various illegal practices ; -- a little known one is called " vote caging ; " it's to suppress minority voters by delisting them if they fail to answer " do not forward " registered mail sent to homes they 're not living at - because they 're at school , in the military , or away for other reasons ; -- 4.5 million or more Americans can't vote because of past criminal records , or they 're currently part of the largest prison population in the world at 2.3 million ; mostly black and Latino ; and increasing by around 1000 a week ; -- half of eligible voters opt out because their interests go unaddressed ; -- elections are privatized ; touchscreen electronic machines do our voting ; 80 % of all 2004 votes were cast and counted on corporate - owned , programmed , and operated ones with no receipts for verification and no vetting of their " trade secret " software ; computer professionals knows these machines are notoriously easy to manipulate - to erase votes , make ones for one candidate show up for another , go dead and be inoperable , or control an entire computer network through one machine and be able to change , add or erase votes easily ; -- Stephen Spoonamore is a self - described " life- long Republican " and one of the world 's leading cyber crime experts ; from a just release d October 2006 interview , he explains how the " structures " of Diebold 's machines are inherently flawed and what he considers " IT junk ; " regarding the 2000 and 2004 elections , he says : " There is a very strong argument ( that they were ) electronically stolen , the hanging chads were just a distraction .... I think ( Diebold machines ) are brilliantly designed .... to steal elections ; " so -- losers are declared winners , and not just for president ; as a result , the electoral process assures people lose out , or put another way - operatively , democracy in America is pure fantasy .
Calling it corrupted and needing repair barely explains things .
We have a two - party duopoly .
Democrats are interchangeable with Republicans .
Differences between them are minor .
Not a dime 's worth to matter .
Both sides support corporate interests , imperial designs , aggressive wars , and the divine right of capital to exploit workers , gain new markets , control the world 's resources , and rule it without challenge .
Unconsidered - beneficial social change and real electoral democracy with every US citizen 18 or older eligible to vote as the Twenty Sixth Amendment allows .
Constitutionally Flawed by Design Ferdinand Lundberg separated myth from reality in his critically important book titled " Cracks in the Constitution . "
It masterfully deconstructs what he called " no masterpiece of political architecture , " no " Rock of Ages , " and " the great totempole of American society " that , in fact , is deeply flawed .
Duplicitous " wheeler - dealer " politicians and their cronies ( what today we call " a Wall Street crowd " ) created it for their own self - interest with no consideration whatever for the greater good .
" We the people " were nowhere in sight even in the Bill of Rights that was enacted through compromise and solely to benefit wealthy property owners who wanted its protections .
From the beginning , privilege counted most in America , and it 's codified in our most sacred document .
It was designed ( in Michael Parenti 's words to ) " resist the pressure of popular tides ( and protect ) a rising bourgeoisie 's ( freedom to ) invest , speculate , trade , and accumulate wealth " the same way things work today .
It was so the country could be run the way politician , jurist and first Chief Supreme Court Justice , John Jay , said it should be - for and by " The people who own " it for their self - interest .
And to appear nominally democratic " for the defense of the rich against the poor , " according to Adam Smith .
Consider voting rights alone that are reviewed below in detail .
The Constitution granted our most fundamental right - what Tom Paine called " the primary right by which all other rights are protected " - to privileged adult white male property owners only - around 15 % of the population at the time .
Native Americans were being exterminated .
Blacks were commodities .
Women were just childbearing and homemaking appendages of their husbands , and common ordinary folks were to have no say about how the country should be run .
Over time , constitutional and legislative changes as well as High Court rulings opened the process to everyone 18 or older and allowed states the right to enfranchise younger voters at their discretion .
Yet today the system is deeply flawed .
Large numbers of eligible voters opt out or are excluded , and a host of ways shut out poor minorities most likely to vote the " wrong " way if they 're enfranchised - so they 're not .
Even though the Constitution , Amendments , other laws and High Court rulings prohibit voting discrimination , violations , in fact , are common and abusive .
In addition , no law ensures the universal right to vote under one uniform standard the way it is in most countries .
States instead can set their own procedures and norms as long as they set do n't conflict with federal laws , but this created a patchwork of 50 different systems no democracy should tolerate .
Proportional Representation v. Winner - Take - All
Most democracies have proportionally representative ( PR ) government unlike America 's winner - take - all system .
PR fairly represents all voters and all political parties or groups proportionally to their electoral strength .
Thus if candidates from one party win 30 % of the votes , they get 30 % of legislative seats so that government represents all segments of society , not a privileged minority the way it works under winner - take - all .
It awards 100 % of power to a 50.1 % majority .
Effectively shuts out the other 49.9 % , and ends up woefully undemocratic .
Combined with a two party duopoly , the power of money , privatized electronic voting , purged unwanted voters , and various other schemes it becomes a process only despots would love and envy because they have no equivalently matching system .
The Electoral College
It 's another systemic flaw , but the term is n't in the Constitution .
And until the early 1800s , it was n't in common usage to describe the way presidents and vice - presidents are elected .
However , Article II , Section 1 , Clause 2 states : " Each state shall appoint , in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct , a Number of Electors , equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress : but no Senator or Representative , or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United States , shall be appointed an Elector . "
Article II , Section 1 , Clause 3 then explained the original way electors chose presidents and vice - presidents : " The Person having the greatest Number of Votes shall be the President .... after the Choice of the President , the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President . "
Today , of course , there 's no separation between the two .
The Framers considered several options in choosing the current one , but clearly their own self - interest came first .
One idea was for Congress to choose the president .
Another was for state legislatures to do it , and a third was to let the people decide by popular vote .
The Founders chose a fourth way - an indirect election by each state 's - appointed Number of Electors .
Nearly always they support voter wishes , but they 're free to vote independently if they choose .
In the nation 's history , 157 electors did so and went against the will of the majority .
Critics cite many concerns about the Electoral College : -- it 's fundamentally undemocratic in cases where popular vote totals exceed the Electoral College count ; case in point - Bush v. Gore in 2000 , but there were other examples earlier in 1888 , 1876 and 1824 as explained below .
In 1800 as well before the 12th Amendment required electors to cast two separate votes - one for president and the other for vice - president , but the idea today is to do it for members of the same party ; -- also at issue is whether large or small states gain advantage from the current system ; small ones do in having a proportionally large number of electors for their populations ; however , large states , by their size , have more electoral votes and thus more influence ; it takes lots of small states to equal one California , New York or Texas ; -- if no candidate gets a majority of electoral votes , the House chooses the president , the Senate the vice - president , and the public is left out entirely ; -- the Electoral College system reinforces a two - party duopoly and shuts out independent opposition ; they get unequal exposure , and most voters wo n't support candidates who can't win ; and -- 16 times since the Electoral College 's founding ( 2000 being the most recent ) , winning presidential candidates won a minority of votes ; under a winner - take - all no runoff system , there 's no way to know if the public 's favorite was elected , especially in close races ; even worse , when half the electorate opts out , a majority win can be with as little as 25.1 % of eligible voters .
Earlier Examples of Electoral Fraud Much analysis went into showing how the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections were stolen .
More on them below , but first some earlier examples .
One was the 1824 election known as the " Corrupt Bargain . "
Four major candidates were involved - all from the same Democratic - Republican party , today 's Democrats : -- Secretary of the Treasury William Crawford - President James Monroe 's favorite ; -- Speaker of the House Henry Clay ; -- Andrew Jackson - a former general and Tennessee senator later elected the nation 's seventh president in 1828 ; and -- John Quincy Adams - son of John Adams , the nation 's second president .
When votes of the 24 states were tallied , no winner emerged .
Jackson led with 42 % .
Adams trailed with 32 % , and Clay and Crawford had 13 % each .
In the electoral count , Jackson had 99 , 32 short of a majority .
Adams trailed with 84 , Crawford 41 and Clay 37 .
Under the 12th Amendment , it fell to the House to choose a winner from the top three , so in the run-up to the March inauguration day , lobbying and back room bargaining were furious .
In the process , Clay won over western states for Adams even though they voted solidly for Jackson .
He even got his own Kentucky home state 's votes where Adams was entirely shut out .
On February 9 , 1825 , the House met to vote , and after a month of hard - bargaining , Adams took 13 states or the exact minimum he needed to win .
Jackson got 7 and Crawford 4 .
The House galleries were outraged and with good reason .
Deal - makers won out , not voters , and three days later Adams rewarded Clay by nominating him for Secretary of State .
Jackson supporters were furious , and Clay was dogged for the rest of his life with charges of having struck a " corrupt bargain . "
The 1876 election was even worse because of its fallout .
Democrat Samuel Tilden got today 's equivalent of two million more votes than Republican Rutherford B. Hayes .
But in all presidential elections , electoral college votes are decisive .
With 20 disputed votes uncounted , Tilden led 184 to 165 so a House committee got to decide .
It secretly struck a deal , called the " bargain of 1877 , " to abandon Reconstruction and sell out freed blacks : -- Democrats controlled the House ; -- they agreed not to obstruct Hayes ' election even though he lost ; --
Hayes , in turn , agreed to recognize Democrat control of the disputed southern states ; -- railroad interests got federal aid ; and -- former slaves were to be guaranteed their rights , but southern Democrats reneged ; the era of Jim Crow , segregation , lynchings , and disenfranchisement began and did n't end until the 1960s civil rights legislation - but not entirely , and today Voting Rights
Act provisions no longer protect .
Another example was Lyndon Johnson 's 1948 senatorial primary win - the most blatant example of electoral theft in US history according to some observers .
Historian Robert Caro is one of them .
He documented it in the second of his planned four - volume study of our 36th President .
He noted that ballot fraud was common in parts of Texas at the time , then went into great detail to show how Johnson miraculously overcame a 20,000 vote deficit to pull out an 87 vote victory .
In Caro 's words : it was n't " the only election .... ever stolen , but there was never such brazen thievery . "
The Texas Democrat Party 's executive committee upheld the win by a 29 to 28 vote , and Johnson went on to defeat his Republican rival in the general election .
But there was more .
The primary result was so disputed that a Federal District Court ordered Johnson 's name off the ballot pending an investigation .
Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black , however , voided the order on a petition from Johnson 's chief lawyer , Abe Fortas .
In 1965 as President , Johnson rewarded Fortas by appointing him to the High Court where he served for four years , then resigned under pressure for having accepted a secret $ 20,000 a year retainer from a Wall Street financier in return for unspecified advice .
No mention was made of how he helped launch Johnson 's senatorial career that made him Majority Leader , Vice - President and then President .
Another example involved partisan gerrymandering , not outright fraud , but in the end little different .
The process is a form of redistricting that goes back to Elbridge Gerry ( one of the Founding Fathers ) who as Massachusetts governor in 1812 signed a bill into law that redistricted the state to benefit his Democratic - Republican party , today 's Democrats .
States may redistrict legislative district boundaries to reflect decennial census population changes .
But individual ones have latitude under their own standards provided they comply with federal requirements .
In addition , municipal governments elected on a district basis , as opposed to at large , go through the same process .
Criteria may allow for compact , contiguous districts , keeping political units and communities within a single one , and not drawing boundaries for partisan advantage or incumbent protection .
All too often , however , one - party dominated legislatures abuse the process , and in 2003 it happened notoriously in Texas under Tom DeLay 's leadership .
As Republican Majority Leader , he engineered a virtual coup d'etat against Democrats in his home state - one of the most outlandish examples of gerrymandering ever .
It gave Republicans more control .
They elected additional members to Congress , and thus got a greater majority in Washington .
The essential rules are to redistrict every decade , but DeLay took advantage of Texas law that contains no prohibition against doing it mid-decade .
Democrats challenged his action .
Took it to the Supreme Court , and on June 28 , 2006 the High Court upheld most of what he designed .
It rejected Democrat 's contention that the Texas plan was unconstitutional because the legislature redistricted three years after the 2000 census solely to advantage Republicans when they had a voting majority to do it .
Ahead of the Court ruling , Columbia Law School Professor Samuel Issacharoff referred to " a sense of embarrassment about what happened in American politics .
The rules of decorum have fallen apart .
Voters no longer choose members of the House ; the people who draw the lines do , " and when they rig the process democracy becomes fantasy .
That characterized the South post -Reconstruction when Jim Crow laws stripped blacks of their voting rights and gave regional Democrats decades of one - party rule .
Then recall the 1960 presidential election that Kennedy won over Nixon in spite of charges of fraud and vote buying .
The race was close with Kennedy getting 113,000 more votes than Nixon , and his 303 - 219 electoral vote margin masked the fact that key states like Texas , Illinois and others could have gone either way .
As mayor , Richard J. Daley controlled Chicago politics , and it was widely believed that he turned an election eve Nixon lead into a Kennedy win by holding back a large number of precinct results that coincidentally reported later at the same time for Kennedy .
After his inauguration , the DOJ conducted an " inconclusive " investigation .
As Attorney General , Bobby Kennedy was in charge at the time .
A Brief History of US Voting Rights -- the 1787 Constitution and 1791 Bill of Rights gave only adult white male property owners ( around 15 % of the population ) the franchise in most states ; excluded were men with no property , women , slaves , some free black men , Native Americans , apprentices , laborers , felons and persons considered incompetent for whatever reasons ; -- in 1810 , the last religious prerequisite was eliminated ; -- in 1850 , property ownership and tax requirements no longer applied ; -- in 1855 , Connecticut adopted the first literacy test for voting ; Massachusetts followed in 1857 ; Mississippi and other southern states did as well ; -- in 1870 , the 15th Amendment gave freed slaves and adult males of all races the right to vote ; -- in 1889 , Florida adopted a poll tax ; 10 other southern states followed ; -- in 1913 , the 17th Amendment allowed voters to elect senators ; previously , state legislatures did it ; -- in Guinn v. United ( 1915 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that grandfather clause exemptions to literacy tests violated the 15th Amendment and were unconstitutional ; -- in 1920 , the 19th Amendment gave women the franchise ; -- in 1924 , the Indian Citizenship Act granted all Native Americans citizenship , including the right to vote in federal elections ; -- in Smith v. Allwright ( 1944 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that all white primaries were unconstitutional ; -- in 1957 , the first voting rights bill since Reconstruction passed - the Civil Rights Act of 1957 ; because of Democrat opposition , it was largely ineffective ; -- in Gormillion v. Lightfoot ( 1960 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that a gerrymandered Alabama district unconstitutionally disenfranchised blacks ; -- in 1961 , the 23rd Amendment let District of Columbia voters participate in presidential elections ; it did n't grant statehood or allow representation in Congress ; -- in 1964 , the 24th Amendment banned poll taxes in federal elections ; -- in 1965 , the Voting Rights Act protected minority voter rights and banned literacy test requirements ; -- in Harper v. Virginia Board of Elections ( 1966 ) , the Supreme Court banned poll taxes in all elections ; the same year , it upheld the Voting Rights Act in South Carolina v. Katzenbach ; -- in 1970 , the Voting Rights
Act renewal banned literacy requirements for five years ; at the time , 18 states still had them ; in Oregon v. Mitchell , the Court upheld the ban , made permanent in 1975 ; -- in 1971 , the 26th Amendment standardized the minimum voting age at 18 but let states enfranchise younger voters ; -- in Dunn v. Blumstein ( 1972 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that lengthy residence requirements of over 30 - 50 days prior to state and local elections were unconstitutional ; -- in 1995 , federal " motor voter laws " let prospective voters register when they obtain or renew a driver 's license ; and -- in 2003 , the Federal Voting Standards and Procedures
Act required states to streamline registration , voting , and other election procedures .
Bush v. Gore in Election 2000 On December 12 , the Supreme Court hijacked Election 2000 by deciding for George Bush after three days earlier halting the Florida recount on the spurious grounds that it violated the 14th Amendment 's equal protection clause .
It was the first time ever in US history that the High Court reversed a popular vote ( 5 - 4 ) to install its own preferred candidate - and the public has paid dearly ever since .
The High Court settled an election that was deeply flawed and rigged to elect George Bush .
The Supreme Court then affirmed it by cutting off debate - most visibly in Florida .
For its part , the media cheerled the process and wholeheartedly approved .
They , too , got their man in Washington and rallied around him ever since .
More on that below .
Election 2000 was rife with fraud , but its outcome hinged on how Florida went .
Investigative journalist Greg Palast ( and others ) uncovered gross irregularities .
He documented them in running reports , and published a full account in his 2002 book " The Best Democracy Money Can Buy . "
He got hold of two CD - ROM disks " right out of the computer offices of Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris " with an evidentiary database of electoral fraud .
In the run-up to November 2000 , Harris , " in coordination with Governor Jeb Bush , " ordered 57,700 mostly poor African Americans and Latinos ( likely to vote Democratic ) removed from voter registries for having been " identified " as ex-felons and thus ineligible to vote under state law .
Palast called it as " The Great Florida Ex- Con Game " and cited the use of " scrub lists . "
Two of them comprised nearly 1 % of Florida 's electorate and almost 3 % of its black voters .
They were compiled by the DBT Online subsidiary of Atlanta - based Choicepoint , a company with close Republican ties - much the way Diebold is with electronic voting machines .
On close examination , extensive inaccuracies were found in its work : -- Floridians were purged ( without verification ) because their names , gender , birthplace and race matched countless ex-felons who show up multiple times in state phone directories - like " David Butler " with 77 listings ; -- alleged crimes were listed as committed in future years ; and -- ex-felons of other states were removed whose voting rights were restored .
Choicepoint vice - president Martin Fagan later admitted that at least 8000 names were incorrectly listed and removed from voter rolls prior to the election .
He also said accuracy checks were n't conducted .
That 's for users , like the state of Florida , to do .
On April 17 , 2000 , at a special Atlanta congressional hearing , Choicepoint vice - president James Lee testified that Florida officials told DBT to purge names matching 80 % of ones believed to be ineligible .
Acceptable procedure allowed dropping middle initials and suffixes and adding nicknames and aliases .
In addition , names could be reversed so Thomas Lee could be removed instead of Lee Thomas .
On February 16 , 2001 , before the US Civil Rights Commission , Choicepoint senior vice - president George Bruder testified that the company misinformed Florida Supervisors of Elections officials on the issue of race in compiling purge lists .
It got Palast to conclude that " An African - American felon named John Doe might wipe out the registration of an innocent African - American Will Whiting , but not the rights of an innocent Caucasian Will Whiting . "
Under orders from Jeb Bush , various other obstructive practices took place before and on election day : -- ballot boxes in African - American districts were missing and uncounted ; -- in black precincts , state troopers ( near polling sites ) intimidated and delayed voters for hours by searching cars and setting up roadblocks ; -- some precincts asked for two photo IDs ; Florida law requires only one ; -- African - American students at schools like Florida A&M signed up in force as first - time voters but faced obstructions at polling stations ; they were turned away because they could n't show a registration card or drivers license ; but Florida law lets eligible residents sign an affidavit ( not provided ) and swear they had n't voted ; -- other practices were also revealed - solely in minority districts : voters were turned away and directed to vote elsewhere ; they were never mailed registration cards ; and they were told they showed up too late and polls were closed ; -- in minority districts , requested absentee ballots were never received ; and -- alleged forged absentee ballots voted for George Bush .
The 1965 Voting Rights
Act bans discriminatory practices that for decades disenfranchised blacks and other minorities .
It prohibits states from imposing any " voting qualification or prerequisite to voting , or standard , practice , or procedure ( that may ) deny or abridge the right of any citizen of the United States to vote on account of race or color . "
It established various federal oversight procedures for enforcement , but for Election 2000 it hardly mattered .
In Florida , abuses were brazen , but Democrats ducked the issue .
They ceded the state and election to George Bush even though their candidate Gore won , and by a comfortable margin .
On January 6 , 2001 , a joint session of Congress convened to count the Electoral College votes .
In a final humiliation and despite 20 Democrat congressmen objecting , no party senator joined their colleagues to adjourn the session and have it reconvene for separate House and Senate votes as required by an 1887 law .
With the Senate divided 50 - 50 , Democrats controlled the body since Vice - President Gore had the deciding vote .
Even he refused to intervene , but it was n't surprising .
On December 13 , 2000 , he conceded the election , the day after the Supreme Court awarded it to George Bush .
Bush v. Kerry in Election 2004
As bad as 2000 was , Election 2004 was worse because technology smoothed the way with electronic ease .
Following the 2000 election , the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) passed in 2002 as the first ever comprehensive electoral law designed to facilitate fraud .
Hailed as a major advance , it , in fact , corrupts the process because of how it 's abused .
It ushered in the age of privatized voting - on touchtone electronic machines owned , programmed , operated and controlled by giant corporations with close Republican ties .
Today , over 80 % of all votes are cast and counted this way .
Most states require no verifiable paper receipts , so it 's easy to manipulate pre-arranged outcomes , and not just for president .
A record 16.8 million new voters registered for Election 2004 - most according to surveys for Kerry making him a heavy favorite when George Bush 's approval rating hovered around 40 % , and most voters believed the country was headed in the wrong direction .
At the time , Zogby International reported that no president since Harry Truman won a second term with a below - 50 % rating .
Yet ( officially )
Bush got 11.6 million more votes than in 2000 and beat Kerry by a comfortable three million margin .
It was much closer in the Electoral College ( 286 - 251 ) , and again Florida ( and Ohio ) made the difference .
As in 2000 , extensive fraud explained things with Greg Palast again doing first - rate investigative work .
So did activist , media critic and Professor of Media Ecology Mark Crispin Miller in his superb book " Fooled Again : The Real Case for Electoral Reform . "
In 2007 , it came out in paperback with 100 new pages for added insight into our electoral problems : -- it exposed denial in the progressive media - publications like The Nation , Mother Jones , TomPaine.com and Salon that saw " no evidence " of electoral fraud when the work of Miller , Palast and others exposed loads of it ; -- it showed the 2006 elections were just as fraudulent at a time independent surveys indicated a huge Democrat sweep ; yet they only gained 31 House seats for a majority and five in the Senate for a 49 - 49 tie along with two independents - Bernie Sanders allied with Democrats and Joe Lieberman with Republicans plus Vice - President Cheney as tie - breaker if needed ; -- it documented how Ohio was stolen much like Florida in 2000 and again in 2004 with electronic voting machine ease plus an array of other practices that betray a rigged process - and that 's Miller 's purpose for his book : a plea for reform with practical ideas like banning electronic voting , returning to verifiable paper ballots , and placing civil servants in charge of elections , not partisan politicians or self - serving corporations .
Short of that , future elections will be predictable .
" The election of 2008 will be ( like ) 2004 - and a preview of 2012 , 2016 , 2020 and every ' presidential race ' thereafter , " according to Miller .
Who can disagree based on clear evidence since 2000 alone .
Post - election , Kerry told Miller he knew that Republicans stole the election and denied him the presidency .
He then claimed he never said it , putting him strongly in the business as usual camp with electoral and other progressive reforms off the table .
Miller called his response " an irrational refusal to confront , or even to perceive , a clear and present danger to American democracy . "
Like Gore in 2000 , he quit without a fight but did n't wait as long to do it .
He conceded on November 3 , less than 24 hours after the previous day 's election .
Sourcewatch.org documented a sampling of some " deeply troubling " 2004 practices : -- the major media blackout ( and too much of it from progressive sources ) ; -- nearly half the six million American voters living or expected to be abroad never received requested absentee ballots , or got them too late ; military personnel , likely to vote Republican , had no such problems ; -- the Republican National Committee hired consulting firm Sproul & Associates to register voters in six battleground states ; they reportedly refused to register Democrats ; -- malfunctioning New Mexico voting machines wiped out 20,000 votes to let Bush carry the state by a 5988 margin ; -- faulty voting equipment spoiled one million or more ballots ; Greg Palast reported " over three million votes cast but never counted " broken down as follows : ( 1 ) rejected provisional ballots ( for registered voters unlisted on rolls ) - 1,090,729 ; ( 2 ) rejected spoiled ballots ( ones malfunctioning machines did n't count ) - 1,389,231 ; ( 3 ) uncounted absentee ballots ( for minor technical reasons ) - 526,420 ; and ( 4 ) registered voters barred from voting ( alleged ex-felons , blacks , Latinos , and others in Democrat counties ) - no precise number known nationwide but it was easily in the hundreds of thousands .
Palast also reported that a US Census voter turnout announcement ( seven months after the election ) confirmed ( in a footnote ) that 3.4 million fewer votes were cast than the " official " Clerk of the House of Representatives tally - telling evidence of voter disenfranchisement .
Charming Python # 13 ( 20000155 )
Functional Programming in Python
David Mertz , Ph.D .
Applied Metaphysician , Gnosis Software , Inc .
January , 2001
Although users usually think of Python has a procedural and object oriented language , it actually contains everything one needs for a completely functional approach to programming .
This article discusses general concepts of functional programming , and illustrates ways of implementing functional techniques in Python .
What Is Python ?
Python is a freely available , very - high - level , interpreted language developed by Guido van Rossum .
It combines a clear syntax with powerful ( but optional ) object - oriented semantics .
Python is available for almost every computer platform you might find yourself working on , and has strong portability between platforms .
What Is Functional Programming ?
We better start with the hardest question : " What is functional programming ( FP ) , anyway ? "
One approach would be to say that FP is what you do when you program in languages like Lisp , Scheme , Haskell , ML , OCAML , Clean , Mercury or Erlang ( or a few others ) .
That is a safe answer , but not one that clarifies very much .
Unfortunately , it is hard to get a consistent opinion on just what FP is , even from functional programmers themselves .
A story about elephants and blind men seems apropos here .
It is also safe to contrast FP with " imperative programming " ( what one does in languages like C , Pascal , C++ , Java , Perl , Awk , TCL , and most others , at least for the most part ) .
While the author by all means welcomes the advice of those who know better , he would roughly characterize functional programming as having at least several of the following characteristics .
Languages that get called functional make these things easy , and other things either hard or disallowed :
* Functions are first class ( objects ) .
That is , everything you can do with " data " can be done with functions themselves ( such as passing a function to another function ) .
* Use of recursion as a primary control structure .
In some languages , no other " loop " construct exists other than recursion .
* Focus on LISt Processing ( e.g. the name Lisp ) .
Lists are often used with recursion on sub-lists as a substitute for loops .
* " Pure " functional languages eschew side - effects .
This excludes the almost ubiquitous pattern in imperative languages of assigning first one , then another value , to the same variable to track program state .
* FP either discourages or outright disallows statements , and instead works with the evaluation of expressions ( i.e. functions plus arguments ) .
In the pure case , one program is one expression ( plus supporting definitions ) .
* FP worries about what is to be computed rather than how it is to be computed .
* Much FP utilizes " higher order " functions ( i.e. functions that operate on functions that operate on functions ) .
Advocates of functional programming argue that all these characteristic make for more rapidly developed , shorter , and less bug - prone code .
Moreover , high theorists of computer science , logic , and math find it a lot easier to prove formal properties of functional languages and programs than of imperative languages and programs .
Inherent Python Functional Capabilities
Python has had most of the characteristics of FP listed above since Python 1.0 .
But as with most Python features , they have been present in a very mixed language .
Much as with Python 's OOP features , you can use what you want and ignore the rest ( until you need it later ) .
With Python 2.0 , a very nice bit of " syntactic sugar " was added with list comprehensions .
While list comprehensions add no entirely new capability , they make a lot of the old capabilities look a lot nicer .
The basic elements of FP in Python are the functions map ( ) , reduce ( ) and filter ( ) , and the operator lambda .
In Python 1.x , the apply ( ) function also comes in handy for direct application of one function 's list return value to another function .
Python 2.0 provides an improved syntax for this purpose .
Perhaps surprisingly , these very few functions ( and the basic operators ) , are almost sufficient to write any Python program ; specifically , the flow control statements ( if , elif , else , assert , try , except , finally , for , break , continue , while , def ) can all be handled in a functional style using exclusively the FP functions and operators .
While actually eliminating all flow control commands in a program is probably only useful for entering an " obfuscated Python " contest ( with code that will look a lot like Lisp ) , it is worth understanding how FP expresses flow control with functions and recursion .
Eliminating Flow Control Statements
The first thing to think about in our elimination exercise is the fact that Python " short circuits " evaluation of boolean expressions .
This turns out to provide an expression version of if / elif / else blocks ( assuming each block calls one function , which is always possible to arrange ) .
Here is how :
" Short - circuit " conditional calls in Python # Normal statement - based flow control if < cond1 > : func1 ( ) elif < cond2 > : func2 ( ) else : func3 ( ) # Equivalent " short circuit " expression ( < cond1 > and func1 ( ) ) or ( < cond2 > and func2 ( ) ) or ( func3 ( ) ) # Example " short circuit " expression >>> x = 3 >>> def pr ( s ) : return s >>> ( x==1 and pr ( ' one ' ) ) or ( x==2 and pr ( ' two ' ) ) or ( pr ( ' other ' ) ) ' other ' >>> x = 2 >>> ( x==1 and pr ( ' one ' ) ) or ( x==2 and pr ( ' two ' ) ) or ( pr ( ' other ' ) ) ' two '
Our expression version of conditional calls might seem to be nothing but a parlor trick ; however , it is more interesting when we notice that the lambda operator must return an expression .
Since -- as we have shown -- expressions can contain conditional blocks via short circuiting , a lambda expression is fully general in expressing conditional return values .
Building on our example :
Lambda with short - circuiting in Python >>> pr = lambda s:s >>> namenum = lambda x : ( x==1 and pr( " one " ) ) \ ... or ( x==2 and pr( " two " ) ) \ ... or ( pr ( " other " ) ) >>> namenum ( 1 ) ' one ' >>> namenum ( 2 ) ' two ' >>> namenum ( 3 ) ' other '
Functions As First Class Objects
The above examples have already witnessed the first class status of functions in Python , but in a subtle way .
When we create a function object with the lambda operation we have something entirely general .
As such , we were able to bind our objects to the names " pr " and " namenum " , in exactly the same way we might have bound the number 23 or the string " spam " to those names .
But just like we can use the number 23 without binding it to any name ( i.e. as a function argument ) , we can use the function object we created with lambda without binding it to any name .
A function is simply another value we might do something with in Python .
The main thing we do with our first class objects , is pass them to our FP builtin functions map ( ) , reduce ( ) and filter ( ) .
Each of these functions accepts a function object as its first argument .
map ( ) performs the passed function on each corresponding item in the specified list (s ) , and returns a list of results .
reduce ( ) performs the passed function on each subsequent item and an internal accumulator of a final result ; for example , reduce ( lambda n , m :n*m , range ( 1,10 ) ) means " factorial of 10 " ( i.e. multiply each item by the product of previous multiplications ) .
filter ( ) uses the passed function to " evaluate " each item in a list , and return a winnowed list of the items that pass the function test .
We also often pass function objects to our own custom functions , but usually those amount to combinations of the mentioned builtins .
By combining these three FP builtin functions , a surprising range of " flow " operations can be performed ( all without statements , only expressions ) .
Functional Looping In Python
Replacing loops is as simple as was replacing conditional blocks .
for can be directly translated to map ( ) .
As with our conditional execution , we will need to simplify statement blocks to single function calls ( we are getting close to being able to generally ) :
Functional ' for ' looping in Python for e in lst : func( e ) # statement - based loop map ( func, lst ) # map ( ) - based loop
By the way , a similar technique is available for a functional approach to sequential program flow .
That is , imperative programming mostly consists of statements that amount to " do this , then do that , then do the other thing . " map ( ) lets us do just this :
Functional sequential actions in Python # let 's create an execution utility function do_it = lambda f : f ( ) # let f1 , f2 , f3 ( etc ) be functions that perform actions map ( do_it , [ f1 , f2,f3 ] ) # map ( ) - based action sequence
In general , the whole of our main program can be a map ( ) expression with a list of functions to execute to complete the program .
Another handy feature of first class functions is that you can put them in a list .
Translating while is slightly more complicated , but is still possible directly :
Functional ' while ' looping in Python # statement - based while loop while < cond > : < pre-suite > if < break_condition > : break else : < suite > # FP - style recursive while loop def while_block ( ) : < pre-suite > if < break_condition > : return 1 else : < suite > return 0 while_FP = lambda : ( < cond > and while_block ( ) ) or while_FP ( ) while_FP ( )
Our translation of while still requires a while_block ( ) function that may itself contain statements rather than just expressions .
But we might be able to apply further eliminations to that function ( such as short circuiting the if / else in the template .
Also , it is hard for < cond > to be useful with the usual tests , such as while myvar==7 , since the loop body ( by design ) cannot change any variable values ( well , globals could be modified in while_block ( ) ) .
One way to add a more useful condition is to let while_block ( ) return a more interesting value , and compare that return for a termination condition .
It is worth looking at a concrete example of eliminating statements :
Functional ' echo ' loop in Python # imperative version of " echo ( ) " def echo_IMP ( ) : while 1 : x = raw_input ( " IMP -- " ) if x == ' quit ' : break else : print x echo_IMP ( ) # utility function for " identity with side - effect " def monadic_print ( x ) : print x return x # FP version of " echo ( ) " echo_FP = lambda : monadic_print( raw_input( " FP -- " ) ) == ' quit ' or echo_FP ( ) echo_FP ( )
What we have accomplished is that we have managed to express a little program that involves I/O , looping , and conditional statments as a pure expression with recursion ( in fact , as a function object that can be passed elsewhere if desired ) .
We do still utilize the utility function monadic_print ( ) , but this function is completely general , and can be reused in every functional program expression we might create later ( it 's a one - time cost ) .
Notice that any expression containing monadic_print ( x ) evaluates to the same thing as if it had simply contained x .
FP ( particularly Haskell ) has the notion of a " monad " for a function that " does nothing , and has a side effect in the process . "
Eliminating Side-effects
After all this work in getting rid of perfectly sensible statements and substituting obscure nested expressions for them , a naturaly question is " Why ? ! "
Reading over my descriptions of FP , we can see that all of them are achieved in Python .
But the most important characteristic -- and the one likely to be concretely useful -- is the elimination of side - effects ( or at least their containment to special areas like monads ) .
A very large percentage of program errors -- and the problem that drives programmers to debuggers -- occur because variables obtain unexpected values during the course of program execution .
Functional programs bypasses this particular issue by simply not assigning values to variables at all .
Let 's look at a fairly ordinary bit of imperative code .
The goal here is to print out a list of pairs of numbers whose product is more than 25 .
The numbers that make up the pairs are themselves taken from two other lists .
This sort of thing is moderately similar to things that programmers actually do in segments of their programs .
An imperative approach to the goal might look like :
Imperative Python code for " print big products " #
Nested loop procedural style for finding big products xs = ( 1,2,3,4 ) ys = ( 10,15,3,22 ) bigmuls = [ ] # ... more stuff ... for x in xs : for y in ys : # ... more stuff ... if x*y > 25 : bigmuls.append (( x , y ) ) # ... more stuff ... # ... more stuff ... print bigmuls
This project is small enough that nothing is likely to go wrong .
But perhaps our goal is embedded in code that accomplishes a number of other goals at the same time .
The sections commented with " more stuff " are the places where side - effects are likely to lead to bugs .
At any of these points , the variables xs , ys , bigmuls , x , y might acquire unexpected values in the hypothetical abbreviated code .
Futhermore , after this bit of code is done , all the variables have values that may or may not be expected and wanted by later code .
Obviously , encapsulation in functions / instances and care as to scoping can be used to guard against this type of error .
And you can always del your variables when you are done with them .
But in practice , the types of errors pointed to are common .
A functional approach to our goal eliminates these side - effect errors altogether .
A possible bit of code is :
Functional Python code for " print big products " bigmuls = lambda xs , ys : filter ( lambda ( x , y ) : x*y > 25 , combine ( xs , ys ) ) combine = lambda xs , ys : map ( None , xs * len ( ys ) , dupelms ( ys , len ( xs ) ) ) dupelms = lambda lst , n : reduce ( lambda s , t:s+t , map ( lambda l, n=n : [ l ] *n , lst ) ) print bigmuls ( ( 1,2,3,4 ) , ( 10,15,3,22 ) )
We bind our anonymous ( lambda ) function objects to names in the example , but that is not strictly necessary .
We could instead simply nest the definitions .
For readability we do it this way ; but also because combine ( ) is a nice utility function to have anyway ( produce a list of all pairs of elements from two input lists ) .
dupelms ( ) in turn is mostly just a way of helping out combine ( ) .
Even though this functional example is more verbose than the imperative example , once you consider the utility functions for reuse , the new code in bigmuls ( ) itself is probably slightly less than in the imperative version .
The real advantage of this functional example is that absolutely no variables change any values within it .
There are no possible unanticipated side - effects on later code ( or from earlier code ) .
Obviously , the lack of side - effects , in itself , does not guarantee that the code is correct , but it is nonetheless an advantage .
Notice , however , that Python ( unlike many functional languages ) does not prevent rebinding of the names bigmuls , combine and dupelms .
If combine ( ) starts meaning something different later in the program , all bets are off .
One could work up a Singleton class to contain this type of immutable bindings ( as , say , s.bigmuls and so on ) ; but this column does not have room for that .
One thing distinctly worth noticing is that our particular goal is one tailor - made for a new feature of Python 2 .
Rather than either the imperative or functional examples given , the best ( and functional ) technique is :
List - comprehension Python code for " bigmuls " print [ ( x , y ) for x in ( 1,2,3,4 ) for y in ( 10,15,3,22 ) if x*y > 25 ]
Closure
This column has demonstrated ways to replace just about every Python flow - control construct with a functional equivalent ( sparing side effects in the process ) .
Translating a particular program efficiently takes some additional thinking , but we have seen that the functional built-ins are general and complete .
In subsequent columns , we will look at more advanced techniques for functional programming ; and hopefully we will be able to explore some more of the pros and cons of functional styles .
Resources
Bryn Keller 's " xoltar toolkit " which includes the module functional adds a large number of useful FP extensions to Python .
Since the functional module is itself written entirely in Python , what it does was already possible in Python itself .
But Keller has figured out a very nicely integrated set of extensions , with a lot of power in compact definitions .
The toolkit can be found at :
Peter Norvig has written an interesting article , Python for Lisp Programmers .
While the focus there is somewhat the reverse of my column , it provides very good general comparisons between Python and Lisp :
A good starting point for functional programming is the Frequently Asked Questions for comp.lang.functional :
The author has found it much easier to get a grasp of functional programming via the language Haskell than in Lisp / Scheme ( even though the latter is probably more widely used , if only in Emacs ) .
Other Python programmers might similarly have an easier time without quite so many parentheses and prefix ( Polish ) operators .
An excellent introductory book is :
Haskell : The Craft of Functional Programming ( 2nd Edition ) , Simon Thompson , Addison - Wesley ( 1999 ) .
About The Author
Since conceptions without intuitions are empty , and intutions without conceptions , blind , David Mertz wants a cast sculpture of Milton for his office .
Start planning for his birthday .
David may be reached at [ email protected ] ; his life pored over at http://gnosis.cx/publish/.
Suggestions and recommendations on this , past , or future , columns are welcomed .
