Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An inquiry into child abuse at Catholic institutions in Ireland has found church leaders knew that sexual abuse was " endemic " in boys ' institutions .
It also found physical and emotional abuse and neglect were features of institutions .
Schools were run " in a severe , regimented manner that imposed unreasonable and oppressive discipline on children and even on staff " .
The nine - year inquiry investigated a 60 - year period .
About 35,000 children were placed in a network of reformatories , industrial schools and workhouses up to the 1980s .
More than 2,000 told the Commission to Inquire Into Child Abuse they suffered physical and sexual abuse while there .
The leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , said he was " profoundly sorry and deeply ashamed that children suffered in such awful ways in these institutions " .
It has devastated me and will devastate most victims because there are no criminal proceedings and no accountability whatsoever
John Walsh
Irish Survivors of Child Abuse Child abuse victims seek justice
" This report makes it clear that great wrong and hurt were caused to some of the most vulnerable children in our society , " he said .
" It documents a shameful catalogue of cruelty : neglect , physical , sexual and emotional abuse , perpetrated against children . "
The five - volume study concluded that church officials encouraged ritual beatings and consistently shielded their orders ' paedophiles from arrest amid a " culture of self - serving secrecy " .
It also found that government inspectors failed to stop the chronic beatings , rapes and humiliation .
The findings will not be used for criminal prosecutions - in part because the Christian Brothers successfully sued the commission in 2004 to keep the identities of all of its members , dead or alive , unnamed in the report .
Victims campaigners protested at being excluded from the news conference
No real names , whether of victims or perpetrators , appear in the final document .
Police were called to the commission 's news conference amid angry scenes as victims were prevented from attending .
One of the many victims , John Walsh of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse , said the absence of prosecutions had left him feeling " cheated and deceived " .
" I would have never opened my wounds if I 'd known this was going to be the end result , " he said .
" It has devastated me and will devastate most victims because there are no criminal proceedings and no accountability whatsoever . "
More allegations were made against the Christian Brothers than the other male orders combined .
The report found child safety was not a priority for the Christian Brothers who ran the institutions , the order was defensive in its response to complaints and failed to accept any congregational responsibility for abuse .
Ritual beatings
The report said that girls supervised by orders of nuns , chiefly the Sisters of Mercy , suffered much less sexual abuse but frequent assaults and humiliation designed to make them feel worthless .
The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales , the Most Reverend Vincent Nichols , said those who perpetrated violence and abuse should be held to account , " no matter how long ago it happened " .
The reformatory and industrial schools depended on rigid control by means of severe corporal punishment and the fear of such punishment
Mr Justice Sean Ryan
Abuse report - at a glance Reaction to Irish abuse report " Every time there is a single incident of abuse in the Catholic Church , it is a scandal .
I would be very worried if it was n't a scandal ...
I hope these things do n't happen again , but I hope they 're never a matter of indifference , " he said .
The commission said overwhelming , consistent testimony from still - traumatized men and women , now in their 50s to 80s , had demonstrated beyond a doubt that the entire system treated children more like prison inmates and slaves than people with legal rights and human potential .
" The reformatory and industrial schools depended on rigid control by means of severe corporal punishment and the fear of such punishment , " it said .
" The harshness of the regime was inculcated into the culture of the schools by successive generations of brothers , priests and nuns .
READ THE INQUIRY'S SUMMARY Summary of findings from the Commission to Inquire Into Child Abuse ( 105 Kb )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you might need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here " It was systemic and not the result of individual breaches by persons who operated outside lawful and acceptable boundaries .
" Excesses of punishment generated the fear that the school authorities believed to be essential for the maintenance of order . "
The report proposed 21 ways the government could recognise past wrongs , including building a permanent memorial , providing counselling and education to victims , and improving Ireland 's current child protection services .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During a little visit to Fubiz yesterday , I ran into something that really got my attention : Videogame remake wallpapers !
These are really incredible and just blew my mind !
Since many people did n't find the link to the author 's page and did n't get to download these wallpapers , I 'm also posting abou it and making direct links to each wallpapers .
Orioto , the author , is SO cool that he even released XL versions for printing ... for FREE !
Now that 's what I call sharing .
I 'm totally hanging Mario in my wall .
This dude is awesome .
Anyways , here are the wallpapers !
Hope you enjoy these .
Cheers ! ;)
With deficit forecasts growing darker by the day , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is considering a plan to slash California ’s safety net for the poor by eliminating the state ’s main welfare program , health insurance for low - income families and cash grants to college students .
The stark proposal surfaced in testimony by the administration at a joint legislative hearing Thursday that followed the governor ’s decision to withdraw a week - old plan to borrow $ 5.5 billion to help balance the budget .
Officials in Sacramento began to bore in on the crisis Thursday , with the nonpartisan legislative analyst saying the deficit may already have ballooned to $ 24 billion and offering skepticism about some of the administration ’s plans for closing the gap .
At the same time , lawmakers and the governor had to contend with negative signals from Washington , where officials offered little hope they would agree to guarantee billions in emergency short - term loans , even if massive spending cuts can be quickly enacted .
Advertisement
It added up to a sense of anxiety as lawmakers rushed to cobble together a spending plan before the state runs short of the cash it needs to pay bills in July .
To balance the books , Schwarzenegger is eyeing the dismantling of the state ’s CalWorks program , which serves more than 500,000 poor families with children , as well as the elimination of Healthy Families , which provides medical coverage to 928,000 children and teens .
Mothballing the two programs would save the state about $ 1.4 billion in the coming fiscal year , officials said .
If the proposals to slash the safety net come to pass , they would completely reshape the state ’s social service network , transforming California from one of the country ’s most generous states to one of the most tightfisted in aiding the poor .
Also potentially on the chopping block is CalGrants , a financial assistance program that offers cash grants to lower - and middle - income college students each year .
The governor ’s proposal would eliminate the 77,000 new grants awarded each year at a cost of $ 180 million , but that saving would eventually grow to more than $ 900 million as students graduated and the program was phased out .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger is considering big cuts to other programs and departments as he struggles to downsize state government after Tuesday ’s voter rejection of nearly $ 6 billion in funding measures .
Among the possibilities is a 10 % reduction in court funding as well as slashing $ 600 million from state universities and $ 750 million from the state prisons , mostly from programs designed to rehabilitate inmates .
The governor ’s aides said the proposals , laid out during the opening session of three weeks of planned legislative hearings to shape the state ’s deficit solutions , remain ideas under consideration .
Though nothing is in concrete , Sacramento is running out of solutions .
“ We have very few options left , ” Schwarzenegger spokesman Aaron McLear said , adding that it is “ very likely ” that the new cuts will make the final list .
Advertisement
Advocates for the poor said elimination of those health and welfare programs would come at a steep price .
Tens of thousands of families and children would be stripped of temporary financial help and health assistance , and the state would lose a huge pool of federal money that pays the majority of the program ’s costs .
Anthony Wright , executive director of Health Access California , said federal dollars cover up to two - thirds the cost of the Healthy Families program , which is for the working poor .
The federal government pays about 58 % of the cost of CalWorks .
“ It ’s beyond draconian , ” Wright said .
“ It ’s insane .
Not just for dropping 1 million children from healthcare , but also for losing substantial federal funding . ”
One of the top Democrats on the 10 - person legislative panel charged with shaping the state ’s deficit reduction plans also expressed frustration with Schwarzenegger ’s proposals .
Advertisement
“ Unexpected twists make for good Hollywood stories but bad governance , especially in a time of crisis , ” said Assemblywoman Noreen Evans ( D - Santa Rosa ) .
Though eliminating whole programs for the poor is “ theoretically ” possible , Evans said during the hearing Thursday , “ I do n’t know if it ’s tolerable . ”
Another member of the legislative committee , Sen. Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) , called the governor ’s proposals “ horrifying ” but said all options need to be put on the table so the public can see what may happen if there are no increases in revenue .
Republicans , however , say the state has sunk into a deficit quagmire in part because of a tax - and - spend philosophy and over - regulation of business brought on by the majority Democrats .
Advertisement
“ I ’m a little [ upset ] , frankly , that we ’ve gotten ourselves into this crisis , ” Sen. Bob Dutton ( R - Rancho Cucamonga ) said during the hearing , adding that the state needs to avoid new taxes or borrowing that passes the current woes on to future generations .
Schwarzenegger , meanwhile , said the state now has few options but to make tough cuts to match plummeting revenues not seen in a decade .
“ Our revenues now are back to the 1999 level , ” Schwarzenegger told reporters after a morning prayer breakfast in Sacramento .
“ So we have to do drastic measures .
We have to dial back to what was happening in 1999 . ”
There was other grim news , as federal officials delivered a sobering response to the state ’s pleas for short - term help to pay its bills .
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner raised doubt that he has the authority to guarantee the loans California needs to avoid running out of cash in the next few months .
Advertisement
In Sacramento , state Legislative Analyst Mac Taylor said the continuing slump in revenue could mean the governor ’s forecast of a $ 21.3 - billion deficit might be $ 3 billion short , meaning the chasm between revenue and spending could be at $ 24.3 billion or more .
He also said some of Schwarzenegger ’s plans might not work .
Taylor expressed doubt about the proposed $ 1 - billion sale of a state - owned workers ’ compensation insurance program and a plan to save $ 750 million on the state ’s costly Medi-Cal program by cutting healthcare reimbursements or slashing the number of eligible participants .
Taylor also emphasized a need for the Legislature to “ make the difficult decisions ” and act quickly , which would “ likely boost the confidence of the public and investors in the budget process ” as well as prevent the anticipated cash crunch in early July .
--
Advertisement
eric.bailey@latimes.com
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
A Canadian warship intervened on Friday to protect two ships under attack by pirates off the coast of Somalia in the latest action in the troubled waters near the Horn of Africa .
A Sea King helicopter is seen hovering aft of HMCS Winnipeg .
( ( CBC ) )
The thwarted assaults took place in the Gulf of Aden — a beehive of activity for piracy in recent years .
The first frantic distress call reached HMCS Winnipeg soon after the captain of a cargo ship spotted a speed boat closing fast , the CBC's David Common reported from aboard the Canadian navy 's multi-role patrol frigate .
Within a minute of the call , the pirates opened fire on the ship with rocket - propelled grenades .
HMCS Winnipeg , which is participating in a NATO counter - piracy operation , went to full speed and dispatched its armed Sea King helicopter to the scene about 100 kilometres away .
" This is clearly an act of piracy if the merchantmen said they saw rocket - propelled grenades fired at them , " the ship 's captain , Cmdr. Craig Baines , told CBC News .
HMCS Winnipeg has disrupted numerous pirate attacks on vessels off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden . ( ( CBC ) )
The pirate boat turned away from the cargo ship and moved toward an American container vessel , whose captain stayed in constant contact with the Canadian sailors .
An Italian warship that was closer to the American vessel also launched its helicopter , which teamed up with the Sea King to stop the pirate vessel .
The pirates gave up and threw their weapons in the water just before the Italians boarded their vessel — which pirates often do when confronted , Common said .
The international community has increased naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden to counter the growing scourge of piracy off Somalia 's coast .
Last month , a team of U.S. Navy SEAL snipers killed three pirates holding an American captain hostage on a lifeboat after a foiled hijacking of his cargo vessel , the Maersk Alabama .
On Thursday , Defence Minister Peter MacKay said Canada is in negotiations to have Kenyan authorities prosecute pirates apprehended by the Canadian navy — a shift in current policy to counter the threat of what MacKay called " financial terrorism . "
Pirates intercepted by Canadian forces off the coast of Somalia until now have been disarmed and then released , a policy that has sparked criticism from legal experts .
The Canadian government has maintained it cannot prosecute pirates captured by Canadian Forces , as it lacks jurisdiction under international law .
Richard Bookstaber , one of the original MIT math geeks gone bad ( a.k.a. " quants " ) and the guy who literally wrote the book on how to destroy Wall St. with computers , has been tracking what he calls the " arms race " in high - frequency , computer - automated trading .
If he 's correct with his recently floated hypothesis that " the days for high frequency trading are numbered , " then this would be pretty bad news for Intel , AMD / ATI , and NVIDIA .
To understand why the demise of high - frequency trading would be bad for these companies , you first have to understand that to successfully develop , fabricate , and sell high - powered number - crunching chips , you need at least two market segments : 1 ) a high - end , high - margin segment where you can launch your top - tier , most expensive products , and 2 ) a much larger market where you can sell last quarter 's and last year 's top - tier parts in order to achieve the economies of scale that enable you to keep producing the high - end parts that perpetuate this trickle - down product cycle .
For NVIDIA , Intel , AMD / ATI , and , to a certain extent , IBM , that much - coveted high - end market segment is made up of a collection of niches , and any journalist or analyst who has sat through a GPGPU or high - performance processor presentation for any of these companies can recite from memory the most popular members of this collection : medical imaging , defense , oil and gas exploration , pharmaceutical research , 3D rendering for movies , and finance .
The last item on this list is especially popular , and if I had an ounce of diamond - studded platinum for every time I 've seen a Black - Scholes options pricing benchmark result in a presentation , I could out - bling Soulja Boy at next year 's BET awards .
The thing that always strikes me about these presentations is that this handful of compute - intensive problem domains is typically listed as " examples " of the sort of profitable niches you can target with a vendor 's hardware , the implication being that there are just oodles of other such workload families out there that the presenter could adduce if he or she had enough space on the PowerPoint slide .
Except that this is n't really the case .
Those six items are n't just examples — they 're basically the whole list , and this short list needs to grow , not shrink .
This is one reason why lopping finance off that list would be very bad for everyone in the teraflops business .
But it 's not just that the end of high - frequency trading would cost the teraflops vendors a small but high - margin niche to sell into ; they 'd lose something even more critical to a publicly traded company 's prospects : a growth story .
NVIDIA in particular is a great example of what I 'm talking about .
The GPU maker 's premium Tesla line of math coprocessors is at present a very small percentage of the company 's revenues , but it 's a mammoth part of NVIDIA 's growth story , and for good reason .
Before the meltdown turned " quant " into a four - letter insult , GPU hardware had a real future in high - frequency trading .
And it probably still does — the real question is , does high - frequency trading have a future ?
Is high - frequency trading really a goner ?
Bookstaber 's problem with high - frequency trading is n't that he has had some Nasim Taleb - style vision of a Godzillion - Teraflop monster rampaging through Manhattan , destroying markets with a hot blast of twenty - sigma events .
Rather , he has a two - part criticism of the practice , the first of which has to do with a high - frequency trader 's size and role in providing market liquidity .
I 'm not qualified to comment on that one , so I 'll skip to the second part of his criticism , which is about the " arms race " aspect of these kinds of program trades :
A second reason is that high frequency trading is embroiled in an arms race .
And arms races are negative sum games .
The arms in this case are not tanks and jets , but computer chips and throughput .
But like any arms race , the result is a cycle of spending which leaves everyone in the same relative position , only poorer .
Put another way , like any arms race , what is happening with high frequency trading is a net drain on social welfare .
In terms of chips , I gave a talk at an Intel conference a few years ago , when they were launching their newest chip , dubbed the Tigerton .
The various financial firms who had to be as fast as everyone else then shelled out an aggregate of hundreds of millions of dollars to upgrade , so that they could now execute trades in thirty milliseconds rather than forty milliseconds — or whatever , I really can’t remember , except that it is too fast for anyone to care were it not that other people were also doing it .
And now there is a new chip , code named Nehalem .
So another hundred million dollars all around , and latency will be dropped a few milliseconds more .
I once heard from some Intellers about a study that the company had done that determined the number of millions of extra dollars per day you could make on various high - frequency trading strategies by going up a speed bin on their Xeon line .
I do n't remember the details , but it turns out that ( according to Intel , at least ) trading houses can make a non-trivial amount of money just by moving up on speed bin , because this puts them a few beats ahead of the next buyer .
Bookstaber 's remarks above lend credence to Intel 's claim about the returns on those processor upgrades , but his ( correct , I think ) description of this whole game as a negative sum arms race gives high - frequency trading a distinct air of " this ca n't possibly go on forever . "
And as we 've all learned over the past six months , things that can't go on forever do n't .
I 'll be the first to admit that I can't actually envision a particular set of circumstances under which the arms race spontaneously grinds to a halt , and the big teraflops vendors suffer the fate of defense contractors in the immediate wake of the end of the Cold War ( pre-Iraq II , of course ) .
Bookstaber does n't seem to have a particular scenario in mind , either , which is why he ends up ( only half - seriously ) proposing that everyone should just stop doing it for the greater good .
Still , it 's hard to escape the feeling that , of the five or so compute - intensive application domains that I listed above , finance is the one that seems the most unsustainable in the long - term ( right ahead of oil and gas exploration ) .
Nonetheless , even in the absence of high - frequency trading , if the market can continue to offer up a major new way to turn compute cycles into dollars at least once per decade , then this might be sufficient to fuel the ongoing development of the kind of high - end hardware that Intel and NVIDIA provide .
Biotech is the most likely source of the necessary workloads , as many of its problems are moving from the realm of lab science into the realm of computation and data management ( DNA sequencing is one example of this ) .
Earlier today , we brought you 10 of our favorite Wolfram Alpha easter eggs .
The much - discussed computational engine seems to have a sense of humor and a flair for the dramatic , and while we thought we found most of them , Mashable 's readers did some investigating of their own .
The result ?
You found even more of Wolfram Alpha 's hidden gems .
In fact , you found so many that we could n't leave the issue to rest .
So , because we love these easter eggs so much , we 're bringing you 10 more Wolfram Alpha easter eggs , almost all identified by Mashable 's great readers .
1 . To be or not to be ?
We already knew that Wolfram Alpha could crack a joke and knew its music , but literature too ?
Maybe Wolfram is a romantic at heart ?
Thank you : shotbeak
2 . How much wood could a woodchuck chuck ?
It 's a classic tongue - twister that we 're certain you 're going to repeat aloud in a few seconds :
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
But apparently tongue - twisters do n't bother Wolfram one bit .
Thank you : Alex Korth
3 . Do you speak __ ?
Hey , hey - it's a fair question to ask Wolfram if it can speak Spanish , Latin , or German .
After all , Google search comes in 100+ languages .
We 'll forgive Wolfram Alpha for only speaking English for now - it 's barely a few days old - but look forward to international versions of the engine .
Bonus :
Try asking Wolfram a question in some foreign languages ( i.e. que paso pa ? ) and Wolfram will answer in that language .
Of course , this kind of contradicts Wolfram 's earlier claim that it only knows English ...
Thank you : Rosana Hemann and Miguel Alvarez
4 . How old are you ?
Wolfram Alpha knows at what time the sun rose on the day you were born , so why would n't it know a little about its own birthday ?
Wolfram provides detailed information in days , seconds , and hours as to how long it 's been in public use .
Thank you : Kristen Boyd and Megan
5 . Where have all the flowers gone ?
Wolfram Alpha once again proves that it knows the lyrics to some of the world 's most popular songs .
Thank you : Kristen Boyd
6 . How many angels can dance on the head of a pin ?
This one explains itself ... if you know who Dorothy Sayers is .
Thank you : Allison
7. 88 MPH
Hidden deep within a standard query is this little gem from Back to the Future ( which , if you have n't seen , please do yourself the favor and rent / download ) .
It 's good to know that it knows the speed of Delorian - based time travel .
Wait ... do you think Wolfram knows the secret to time travel ?
This could be interesting .
Bonus :
Ask it about flux capacitors .
Seriously , go try right now and then come back .
Thank you : Mark H. Delfs
8 . Can you eat ?
Well that 's rude of Wolfram - it did n't even give me a chance to ask my entire question .
Bonus :
Try asking whether it can dance .
I do n't know why you 'd want to dance with a computational entity , but to each his or her own I guess .
Thank you : don manu and Josh
9 . Licks to the center of a tootsie pop ?
Do you remember the old Tootsie roll commercial ?
If not , let me refresh your memory with this YouTube video .
Then this easter egg will make sense :
10 .
Are you self - aware ?
We 've been asking this question all day .
Strangely enough , we did n't know that Wolfram would give us an answer .
The next generation of machine ... or the next Skynet ?
Let 's , uh , leave that question unanswered for now .
Thank you : Ashley
Thanks to all of you who are commenting and sending us tips
Mashable is n't where it is today without all of you , the readers , adding to the discussion and keeping us honest .
In fact , our last Wolfram Alpha post received help from Oliver Haas , who sent in some great tips .
So please , be sure to keep commenting with your thoughts or sending us news tips and new Web tools to review .
We are always listening , engaged in the conversation , and grateful to have such a helpful readership .
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday 30 May 2009
Obviously we distrust the media on science : they rewrite commercial press releases from dodgy organisations as if they were health news , they lionise mavericks with poor evidence , and worse .
But journalists will often say : what about those scientists with their press releases ?
Surely we should do something about them , running about , confusing us with their wild ideas ?
Now you may be inclined to think that a journalist should be capable of doing more than simply reading , and then rewriting , a press release : but we must accept that these are troubled times .
Through our purchasing behaviour – and I assume someone cleverer than me measures these things competently – we have communicated to newspapers that we want them to be large and cheap , more than we want them to be adequately researched .
So in this imperfect world , it would be useful to know what ’s in academic press releases , since these are the people of whom we are entitled to have the highest expectations .
A paper in the Annals of Internal Medicine this month shows very clearly that we have been failed .
Researchers at Dartmouth Medical School in New Hampshire took one year ’s worth of press releases from 20 medical research centres , a mixture of the most eminent universities and the most humble , as measured by their US News & World Report ranking .
These centres each put out around one press release a week , so 200 were selected at random and analysed in detail .
Half of them covered research done in humans , and as an early clue to their quality , 23 % did n’t bother to mention the number of participants – it ’s hard to imagine anything more basic – and 34 % failed to quantify their results .
But what kinds of study were covered ?
In medical research we talk about the “ hierarchies of evidence ” , ranked by quality and type .
Systematic reviews of randomised trials are considered to be the most reliable : because they ensure that your conclusions are based on all of the information , rather than just some of it ; and because randomised trials – when conducted properly – are the least vulnerable to bias , and so the “ most fair tests ” .
After these , there are observational studies ( “ people who choose to eat vegetables live longer ” ) which are more prone to bias , but may be easier to do .
Then there are individual case reports .
And then , finally , because medical academics like to think they ’re funny , right at the bottom of the hierarchy you will find something called “ expert opinion ” .
In this study , among the press releases covering human research , only 17 % promoted the studies with the strongest designs , either randomised trials or meta-analyses .
40 % were on the most limited studies : ones without a control group , small samples of less than 30 participants , studies looking “ surrogate primary outcomes ” ( a blood cholesterol level rather than something concrete like a heart attack , for example ) , and so on .
That ’s not necessarily a problem .
Research is always a matter of compromise over what is practical , or affordable : it would be nice to randomise every single patient , everywhere , whenever there is any uncertainty over which is the best treatment for their condition , and perfectly follow their progress , but that would be quite a piece of work .
It would be nice to randomise everyone in the country to different lifestyle choices at birth , to see which had the most significant impact on their health , so that in 70 years time we would have a comprehensive story on the best way to live , but it ’s not administratively realistic , and it ’s hard enough to get people recruited and cooperating in a brief 3 week study , let alone lifelong change .
So people conduct imperfect research , knowing that it is the best we can do with the resources available , knowing that the results must be interpreted with caution and caveats .
This is n’t “ bad science ” , because the studies themselves are – we assume – well conducted , and faithfully described in their publications .
The errors come at the level of interpretation , where people fail to acknowledge the limitations of the evidence .
That failure is a crime , but is it limited to quacks and hacks ?
No , and that is the key finding of this new paper .
58 % – more than half – of all press releases from this representative sample of academic institutions lacked the relevant cautions and caveats about the methods used , and the results reported .
I would like journalists to be experts in their field – and I do n’t think they could be bluffed as easily by a politician and a sports personality as they are by a science press release – but make no mistake , this is a war on all fronts .
Imagine you 're about to step onto a rollercoaster at an amusement park .
You are filled with apprehension and joy , mixed emotions that last beyond the dizzying ride .
How will you remember the experience ?
According to new research people tend to underestimate the intensity of their recalled feelings if those feelings were mixed , as opposed to purely happy or sad .
Authors Jennifer Aaker ( UC - Berkeley ) , Aimee Drolet ( UCLA ) , and Dale Griffin ( University of British Columbia ) conducted a series of studies that tested participants ' emotions when they faced scenarios such as taking tests and moving , events that are typically associated with mixed emotions .
" We conducted two longitudinal experiments which show that the intensity of mixed emotions is underestimated at the time of recall - - an effect that appears to increase over time and does not occur to the same degree with happy or sad emotions , " write the authors .
The underestimation increases over time , to the point that people sometimes do n't remember having felt ambivalent at all .
Interestingly , the authors found that Asian Americans did not exhibit the same degree of memory decline for mixed emotions as Anglo - Americans did .
The authors ' explanation for the modification of memory is that many people feel uncomfortable with mixed emotions .
They are motivated to resolve the conflicts , and thus memories of the emotional intensity fade .
They also found that current beliefs affect the memory of mixed emotions more than the actual emotions .
" Over time , people rely less on episodic memories of emotion experiences that link their recall to specific details of the situation and more on semantic cues that link their recall to general beliefs and theories , " write the authors .
The research indicates that people who are more comfortable feeling mixed emotions have better memories of those emotions .
" These questions are important because decisions about the future are determined less by the online ( actual ) emotion experience than by the memory of the emotion experience , " write the authors .
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Friday Washington would assess its aid to Lebanon depending on who won next month ’s election , but denied taking sides in a vote pitching a Western - backed coalition against Hezbollah .
Lebanese vote on June 7 in a poll that pits an alliance including Hezbollah -- an Iranian - and Syrian - backed Shi’ite group that Washington classifies as terrorist -- against an anti-Syrian coalition now holding a majority in parliament .
Biden , the most senior U.S. official to visit Lebanon in 26 years , said the United States was committed to comprehensive peace in the Middle East , including Lebanon .
“ I urge those who would think about standing with the spoilers of peace not to miss this opportunity to walk away from the spoilers , ” Biden added in a veiled reference to Hezbollah , which opposes U.S. efforts to settle the Arab - Israeli conflict .
Biden said he had come to show U.S. support for Lebanon ’s sovereignty , pledging that it would not be traded away .
“ I do not come here to back any party , ” he said after talks with President Michel Suleiman , but added that future U.S. aid to Lebanon would depend on the nature of the next government .
“ We will evaluate the shape of our assistance program based on the composition of the new government and the policies it advocates , ” Biden declared .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Hezbollah criticized Biden ’s visit , which followed one by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in April , as meddling in Lebanon , and denounced U.S. support for Israel .
“ The high American interest in Lebanon raises strong suspicion as to the real reason behind it , especially since it has become a clear and detailed intervention in Lebanese affairs , ” Hezbollah said in a statement .
TIGHT VOTE FORESEEN
After meeting Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri , a pro-Syrian ally of Hezbollah , Biden held talks with Saad al - Hariri and other leaders of a Western - backed coalition hoping to keep parliamentary majority in the election .
Hariri ’s bloc won the 2005 poll , held soon after an outcry over the assassination of his statesman father Rafik al - Hariri forced Syria to end its 29 - year military presence in Lebanon .
Biden later joined Defense Minister Elias al - Murr at Beirut airport for a display of U.S. military equipment , including tanks , given to Lebanon in the past few years .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
“ We believe it ’s critical that you be able to do your mission and protect the citizens and state of Lebanon -- one army , one police power , one capability controlling your whole country , ” Biden told his host .
He said the United States was committed to meeting the army ’s needs and had allocated more than $ 500 million to training and equipping Lebanese security forces since 2005 .
Many analysts predict gains for Hezbollah and its allies , who include Christian leader Michel Aoun , in a tight vote which may lead to the formation of another national unity government .
Lebanese authorities closed many Beirut streets to ensure security for Biden ’s one - day visit .
Helicopters clattered overhead and police sirens wailed across the capital .
Since the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel , the United States has expanded military assistance to Lebanon to strengthen its armed forces as a counterweight to Hezbollah , the only Lebanese faction to remain armed after the 1975 - 1990 civil war .
Biden ’s visit was the first by an American vice president to Lebanon since 1983 , the year when Shi’ite suicide bombers attacked the U.S. embassy and Marine headquarters , and the most senior U.S. visit since that time , a U.S. embassy official said .
Hezbollah , founded to fight Israel ’s occupation of Lebanon after a 1982 invasion , has since entered domestic politics to secure legitimacy as an armed resistance group , saying its weapons are needed to defend Lebanon from Israel .
Biden , without mentioning Hezbollah , said the United States upheld the principle that “ the Lebanese state , accountable to the Lebanese people , is the defender of Lebanese freedom . ”
The other side of functional programming
Although Haskell and Erlang are both functional languages , they diverge in many ways in their approaches to building software .
In this talk , we 'll look at some of the key differences between the two languages , and show off some of the most exciting development and testing techniques that the Haskell perspective enables : how to write bulletproof , elegant code that executes blazingly fast .
During the Texas State Board of Education hearings on science standards for Texas schoolchildren , BoE member and staunch creationist Barbara Cargill decided that the age of the Universe was up for vote .
Oddly enough , I had some issue with that .
You may vote on issues all you want , and you can even vote on morality if you 'd like , but scientific reality is not a matter of opinion and cares not for the majority vote .
The National Center for Science Education has video of the moment where it becomes clear that Ms. Cargill , not happy enough to destroy biology for students , proposes an amendment to creationize astronomy as well : Listening to her gives me the heebie - jeebies .
About the astronomy standards , she says " ... there are different estimates [ of the age of the Universe ] ... they will be taught about 12 - 14 billion years ago , but this leaves it open a little bit to discuss how many billions . "
It is absolutely clear from what she is saying that she is deliberately trying to weaken the teaching of the old age of the Universe .
Another member queries her specifically , asking if this will open up astronomy to the teaching of literal Biblical creationism .
Cargill then completely dodges the question , saying she is simply taking the language of the recommendations .
But that language is clearly saying the Universe is old , and there is a small amount of uncertainty ( actually , only about 120 million years ) in the age estimate of the Universe .
What she did , to put it simply , is a crock .
It is perfectly transparent what she wanted : to wedge open the door to allow the teaching of young - Earth creationism in the classroom , using the standard " strengths and weaknesses " creationist propaganda tactic .
Need I say it ?
Her amendment passed , 11 to 3 .
I honestly feel bad for any child entering the Texas public school system over the next ten years , and I sincerely hope that the Legislature of the Lone Star State is able to take away the ridiculous amount of power the BoE has .
They are flaunting their violation of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United State of America ( not to mention bending or breaking that pesky " false witness " Commandment ) , and their influence reaches well beyond their own state borders .
Tip o' the ten gallon hat to BABLoggee Javier Pazos for alerting me to the video .
A Valuable Example From Friendly Atheist
We 'll review our definition of bigotry in a moment and see that the Allen piece fits it perfectly , but I 'd like to start with an excellent teaching example from We 'll review our definition of bigotry in a moment and see that the Allen piece fits it perfectly , but I 'd like to start with an excellent teaching example from Friendly Atheist .
He suggests that we replace the word " atheist " with the word " Jew " in Allen 's article .
By doing this , he produces the following :
Here ’s why I ca n’t stand Jews .
They ’re boring .
They keep complaining about being oppressed .
They keep talking about the same damn things all the time — Holocaust this and Israel that .
They always claim they ’re victims .
They only constitute a small percentage of Americans — probably because they can’t win over any converts .
They still complain about how state Constitutions bar them from holding office — really , only six of them do — even though the Supreme Court has said those provisions are unenforceable .
They want affirmative action for their kind — one representative from the “ pity - poor - me ” school of Jews even said they need “ safe spaces ” at colleges !
They assume everyone who does n’t agree with them is “ beyond stupid . ”
They never want to take on the serious arguments that theologians have made in favor of the Christian god .
Some Jews think Jesus never even existed .
So what do they know ?
They ’re not rational .
They ’re just angry .
Angry because they think the world is unfair to them .
Angry that someone forced them to go to church as a child .
Some Jews are so angry , they sued the government to prevent a Christian prayer from being spoken at President Obama ’s inauguration .
The gall !
LA Times never would have considered publishing such an article .
And yet , they deemed it perfectly acceptable for Allen to say these things about atheists .
But Does It Meet Our Definition of Bigotry ?
Here was how I
He then points out the obvious : if Allen had written this , she would have been widely ( and appropriately ) condemned and likely forced to resign .
He 's right .
A newspaper like thenever would have considered publishing such an article .
And yet , they deemed it perfectly acceptable for Allen to say these things about atheists .
Here was how I defined bigotry previously :
In a nutshell , bigotry involves two ingredients : falsehood and unwarranted generalization .
A false statement is applied to the victim of bigotry , often involving condemnation , by the bigot solely for belonging to a particular group .
The bigot generalizes from an individual case ( e.g. , one lazy African American ) to an entire group ( e.g. , African Americans ) .
all atheists ) , and she spews one false statement after another .
Saying " I can't stand atheists ... because they 're crashing bores " is akin to saying " I can't stand blacks ... because they 're lazy . "
In both cases , we see false statements applied in generalized fashion to all members of the groups .
In both cases , we have bigotry .
The problem we are confronting here , quite clearly , is that anti-atheist bigotry remains socially acceptable in a way that other forms of bigotry are not .
If this changes , it will change because of what atheists ( and our allies ) do .
If it does not change , our apathy and inaction are to blame .
The good news is that With this in mind , it is fairly obvious that Allen 's article drips with anti-atheist bigotry .
She repeatedly refers to " atheists " without any limiting specifiers ( i.e. , she is making unwarranted generalizations aboutatheists ) , and she spews one false statement after another .
Saying " I can't stand atheists ... because they 're crashing bores " is akin to saying " I can't stand blacks ... because they 're lazy . "
In both cases , we see false statements applied in generalized fashion to all members of the groups .
In both cases , we have bigotry .
The problem we are confronting here , quite clearly , is that anti-atheist bigotry remains socially acceptable in a way that other forms of bigotry are not .
If this changes , it will change because of what atheists ( and our allies ) do .
If it does not change , our apathy and inaction are to blame .
The good news is that many atheists are indeed speaking out on this subject .
I hope they will continue to do so .
I 'm not sure why I 've held off in posting about 's bigoted tirade against atheists in the .
I started to do so several times before becoming so enraged about the latest Catholic child abuse scandal that I forgot about it .
It is n't so much that I find myself exhausted from confronting bigotry and the perils of religious belief ( although I do certainly feel this way at times ) .
I actually feel somewhat energized and ready to take on whatever comes next .
In any case , I 've held off long enough .
Allen 's piece is a clear example of anti-atheist bigotry , and I want this post to show exactly why this is the case .
FloorTube™ – Your Online Destination for Flooring Videos Finding flooring videos online has never been so easy .
FloorTube™ is the flooring community 's destination for flooring videos of all types .
Whether you are a homeowner working on a do it yourself floor project or a professional on the job , you are sure to find a video here to match your needs .
FloorTube™ has several video categories from flooring installation , cleaning , product comparisons , eco–friendly ( green floors ) and more .
From hardwood to vinyl , laminate to tile , carpet to cork , FloorTube™ has it all .
Have a product you want to announce , or share a cleaning technique with the world ?
Upload your videos today , its easy and best of all it 's completely free .
FloorTube™ has 100's of Flooring Videos to Choose From Installation Products Care & Maintenance Green Flooring Interviews Events Miscellaneous
以前、可愛すぎるイギリス人美少女が踊っている動画が
『ニコニコ動画』や『YouTube』で大ブレイクしているというニュースをお伝えした。記事の掲載後、彼女の魅力にとりつかれた日本人たちが『ニコニコ動画』で彼女のダンスを観て、「可愛いにもほどがある！」「俺だっ！結婚してくれ！」と歓喜。
動画が『ニコニコ動画』にアップロードされてからたった2～3日間で、再生回数30万回を突破。これはもの凄い勢いであり、『ニコニコ動画』でも稀にみる再生回数となっている。ということで、ガジェット通信編集部はイギリス美少女・ベッキーを独占インタビュー！
ベッキーの真相に迫るッ！
・私の名はレベッカです
編集部 こんにちは ！
ベッキー こんにちは ！
編集部 お名前はベッキーちゃんでよいでしょうか ？
ベッキー 私のニックネームはベッキー （Beckii）です。本名はレベッカですよ。
・好きな漫画は『ひぐらしのなく頃に』
編集部 学生さんですか？ それともプロのダンサー ？
ベッキー 学生ですね。成績は…… 良いほうだと思います ♪
編集部 それにしても、ダンスがとても上手ですね 。
ベッキー ありがとうございます～！ バレエ を3歳のころからやっているので踊るのは好きです。
編集部 ダンスの楽曲は日本のものが多いですが、日本のことが好きなのですか？
ベッキー 日本を愛しています！ 伝統的なところも好きですし、漫画とアニメも大好きです。
編集部 好きな漫画やアニメはありますか？ たとえば、いちばん好きな作品は ？
ベッキー 最高に好きな漫画は『ひぐらしのなく頃に』ですね！
編集部 アニメも漫画も ？
ベッキー アニメも漫画も『ひぐらしのなく頃に』が好きです。
・ダンス動画を撮ったきっかけとは？
編集部 どうして動画を撮ろうと思いましたか ？
ベッキー 私の兄弟が動画を撮っていて、その影響を強く受けました。その影響ですね。
編集部 どうして『ニコニコ動画』に自分の動画をアップロードしようと思ったのですか？
ベッキー 実は、『男女』のダンス動画は私じゃない人がアップロードしたんです。すごく感謝しています♪ だけど、私自身も『ニコニコ動画』の会員で、動画をアップロードしているんですよ。私の動画も観てください！
編集部 あなたが日本の漫画やアニメが好きな理由は ？
ベッキー なによりも日本の漫画やアニメは構成がおもしろいですよね。西洋の作品よりも好きです。
・地元で出会ったオタクの人数
編集部 ベッキーちゃんは日本に行く予定があるのでしょうか？
ベッキー 私はいつか日本に行きたいと思っています！ でも、まだ計画を立ててないのです……。
編集部 ベッキーさんが住むイギリスのマン島はどんなところですか？
ベッキー 100年 くらい続いているバイクのレースがあります（マン島TTレース）。
編集部 そんなマン島には、ベッキーちゃんのようなオタクはいるのですか？
ベッキー オタクはマン島にあまりいません。マン島で出会ったオタクは、今までで3人のみです！
・ベッキーちゃん来日の可能性アリ！
編集部 『ニコニコ動画』でベッキーちゃんを観た日本人たちは、あなたをかわいいと絶賛していますよ。
ベッキー 私がかわいい !?
どうしてそう思われるかわかりません。でも、すごく嬉しいです！ ありがとうございます♪
編集部 もし日本に招待されたら、あなたは日本に来てくれますか？
ベッキー もちろん！ 招待されれば、ほぼ間違いなく日本に行きますよ ♪
編集部 ベッキーの動画を観た多くの日本人達にひとことお願いします。
ベッキー 私の動画を観てくれて本当にありがとう！ とってもサプライズなことだし、こんなに人気が出るとは思わなかった。すべての人たちに感謝します。
編集部 ありがとうございました ！
ということで、ベッキーちゃんは大の日本好きで、日本に行ってみたいと思っていることが判明。いつか実現するといいネ！
ガジェット通信編集部は、これからも徹底的にベッキーちゃんをバックアップしていくつもりだ。今後も彼女は、『ニコニコ動画』などの動画共有サイトでキュートなダンスを披露してくれることだろう。
ちなみに、ベッキーちゃんは『ニコニコ動画』はもちろんのこと、『YouTube』にも自身のマイページを持っているので、気になる彼女の情報をゲットしたいならば覗いてみるといいかもしれない（このニュースの詳細記事はこちら）。
■ほかにもエンターテインメントのニュースがあります
可愛いにもほどがある！イギリス人美少女が踊る動画
『ニコニコ動画』で大ブレイク！
フジテレビ関係者が勤務中に批判書き込みか！
ブログ管理人 「 恐ろしいこと 」
【通販番組】生放送中の電話で客がブチギレ！
取材に通販会社 「 本当にイタリア製です」
異例！『週刊ファミ通』が伏字だらけのインタビュー掲載「何言ってるかわかんねぇ～ッ！」
世界初！ ハンバーガーの缶詰を発売開始！ どこでもハンバーガ ー
At GreenWood we build homes inspired by our clients and brought to life by our team .
Our homes are perfectly suited to each client because we get to know them .
After all , your home should not only reflect your style but your lifestyle as well .
Jim Carrey wrote an article for the Huffington Post about vaccines .
He ’s an actor known for his parts in Dumb and Dumber and Cable Guy .
I ’m sure he ’s also a really nice guy .
Here are my answers to some of his comments .
Feel free to add more in my own comments section .
a ruling against causation in three cases out of more than 5000 hardly proves that other children wo n’t be adversely affected by the MMR , let alone that all vaccines are safe .
The special masters in the vaccine court went over a lot of evidence from both sides of the argument and decided that there is no evidence that vaccines cause autism .
The families who signed up to be a part of the omnibus knew that the three test cases represented everybody .
Jim Carrey seems to suggest that this is n’t fair , but how would he suggest the courts fairly judge thousands of cases with an untrue major premise ( vaccines cause autism ) .
Carrey is really careful about his wording , but his argument dances around having to admit that the special court executed his sacred cow .
He struggles with grasping at a new goal post to widen – completely safe vaccines and less of them .
If we are to believe that the ruling of the ‘ vaccine court ’ in these cases mean that all vaccines are safe , then we must also consider the rulings of that same court in the Hannah Polling and Bailey Banks cases , which ruled vaccines were the cause of autism and therefore assume that all vaccines are unsafe .
The ruling of the vaccine court was not that “ all vaccines are safe ” nor was it meant to be .
It was that they do n’t cause autism .
Hannah Poling and Bailey Banks had other conditions that manifested some features of autism .
These are children with unique , rare conditions who should n’t be used as ‘ hasty generalizations ’ to prop up Jim Carrey ’s crusade against vaccines .
cannot be dissuaded by a show of sympathy and a friendly invitation to look for the ‘ real ’ cause of autism anywhere but within the lucrative vaccine program .
Carrey suggests that there have not been official investigations into the hypothesis that vaccines cause autism .
He is wrong .
The issue has been studied and found to be untrue .
If Carrey would like to continue studying the issue on his own dime because of his distrust of pharmaceutical companies , he is welcome to fund those studies .
As it stands now , he wo n’t trust anyone but himself and those who believe in his pet sacred cow .
With vaccines being the fastest growing division of the pharmaceutical industry , is n’t it possible that profits may play a part in the decision - making ?
This is coming from a man who makes millions of dollars per movie .
It ’s been suggested that TV and film causes autism too .
Should we not question his motives for continuing to make movies when there is speculation that they cause autism ?
Paul Offit , the vaccine advocate and profiteer , who helped invent a Rotavirus vaccine is said to have paved the way for his own multi-million dollar windfall while serving on the very council that eventually voted his Rotavirus vaccine onto our children ’s schedule .
He wrote a book called ‘ Autism ’s False Prophets ’ , and all the profits went to autism research .
Some “ profiteer ” he is !
I wonder whether Jim Carrey has donated all his profits from a movie to autism research .
I ’ve also heard it said that no evidence of a link between vaccines and autism has ever been found .
He makes a good point here .
No credible evidence of a link between vaccines and autism has ever been found .
These forward thinking vets also decided to remove thimerosal from animal vaccines in 1992 , and yet this substance , which is 49 % mercury , is still in human vaccines .
He fails to mention that this substance is no longer in mandatory child vaccines because it was removed seven years ago with no reduction in autism .
While ingredients like aluminum , mercury , ether , formaldehyde and anti-freeze may help preserve and enhance vaccines , they can be toxic as well .
Jim Carrey is not a chemist .
Maybe he does n’t know that anti-freeze is not a vaccine ingredient .
He probably does n’t understand that ethylmercury is not the same as methylmercury .
He does n’t mention that aluminum is found in far higher quantities in breast milk and formula .
We do n’t know enough to announce that all vaccines are safe !
Well , nearly our entire population is vaccinated .
People die from accidents even when wearing seat belts .
Should we say they are unsafe too ?
we need more independent vaccine research not done by the drug companies selling the vaccines or by organizations under their influence .
Studies that cannot be internally suppressed .
Perhaps we should , but then again , independent studies have not been the best example of untainted perfection ( Geier & Geier , Wakefield ) , so perhaps we should be skeptical of making sweeping claims of conspiracy when responding to evidence that does n’t fit your unwavering belief in a vaccine - autism connection .
* UPDATE * – Go to LBRB autism blog for more great arguments against Jim Carrey .
** UPDATE ** – Go HERE for accurate vaccine information !
( image from The Age of Stupid via The Sun )
Hollywood doomsday plots are dime - a - dozen , but more often than not the films feature extraordinary catastrophes like asteroid collisions , alien invasions and zombie take - overs .
These 12 visionary films take a more realistic approach by creating dismal futures caused by present - day problems like global warming , wildlife extinctions and resource depletion .
( image via City Pages )
When two people awake from a 500 - year deep freeze , they find that the world has decayed into a glorified garbage dump .
Commercialism and anti-intellectualism caused humans to become progressively dumber , eventually leading to the wanton destruction of the planet .
All animals have been hunted to extinction in this award - winning French dark comedy , but that does not stop the demand for meat .
An old butcher owns a shop on the bottom floor of an apartment building , and with the meat supply dwindling , he uses the building ’s tenants to stock his shop .
( image via Wikipedia )
Of all post - apocalyptic films , this is the most frightening : the earth is out of oil , John Ritter is president , and Meat Loaf battles against the world ’s last running car .
As the trailer says , “ See Americathon at your local theater before you see it happening in your own front yard ! ”
Set in 2055 , the film follows an old man as he looks back on humanity ’s treatment of the planet with dismay .
Unlike An Inconvenient Truth , the filmmakers keep the viewer enthralled with imagery and special effects while delivering a solid message .
( image via I Watch Stuff )
Disney ’s Oscar - winning film Wall - E envisions a world where all animal and plant life has died , but some lucky humans escaped to outer space in a giant ship .
The film takes ideas from dystopian films of the past and wraps them up in kid-friendly packaging .
( image via Brimstone Pit )
While it is nowhere near a realistic depiction of the gradual effects of climate change , the film succeeds in being an action - packed Hollywood thriller that exposed countless people to the impact humans have on the planet .
( image via Wikipedia )
In a world ravaged from climate change , the human population has sharply declined .
Scientists have worked to develop ultra-realistic robots called mechas to act as contributing members of society .
While a new ice age eventually wipes out humanity , the mechas survive .
While the first film in the Mad Max trilogy neglects to explain why Australia has turned to a violent , desolate state , the Road Warrior reveals that a global energy crisis as the cause of society ’s decline .
With little oil left on the planet , rogue gangs reek havoc across Australia .
The few survivors of overpopulation and pollution live in an enormous dome that is sealed away from the harmful outdoors .
However , the government requires that all people voluntarily submit to euthanasia at the age of 30 in order to control the population of the city .
( image via Adoro Cinema )
Global warming has caused glaciers to melt , flooding the planet and ending civilization .
A few humans managed to survive and build an exclusive society within a floating atoll .
They get by in this new world by scavenging and trading with other communities .
( image via Wikipedia )
With all life on earth on the brink of extinction , humans propelled some plant life enclosed in several greenhouse domes into the orbit of Saturn , hoping to eventually use the plants to re-cultivate earth .
Wall - E’s director admitted that this film heavily influenced him — and it shows .
( image via Fused Film )
Perhaps the ultimate dystopian thriller , Soylent Green depicts a world where fruits and vegetables are extremely rare due to overpopulation and global warming .
While everyone remembers Charlton Heston ’s line at the end of the film ( “ Soylent green is people ! “ ) , the film is better summed up with this : “ People were always rotten , but the world was beautiful . ”
Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell claims he would not be doing his job if he did not give " serious consideration " to the possibility of joining a revamped English Premier League .
The issue was raised again earlier this week by Bolton chairman Phil Gartside , who has proposed a new two - tier Premier League which would include the Old Firm .
Gartside plans to float the idea at a meeting of top - flight clubs tomorrow , although the topic is not officially on the agenda .
Lawwell insists Celtic are proud of their Scottish heritage but says it is his duty to investigate anything that would be of benefit to the club .
" We are a Scottish club .
We are playing in Scotland at the moment and are delighted to do that , " he told Celtic TV .
" It 's an exciting league but , in the long term , we have a responsibility to look .
I think we would be obliged to look closer at something like that .
" We do n't know anything about the details but we believe it is not only Bolton and Phil Gartside who have support for it .
We 'll just wait and see how it develops .
These types of things have happened before and they have n't been able to deliver , so we will wait and take it from there . "
Celtic and Rangers have made no secret in the past of their desire to join the English leagues .
Gartside 's proposal would see them placed in the second tier of the Premier League , a division he believes would help soften the blow of relegation for top - flight clubs .
Lawwell agrees , saying : " I think there is a very strong rationale at the moment for an EPL2 .
The bottom half of the EPL at the moment , especially this year with it being so tight , are getting a wee bit concerned that it is such a huge drop from the EPL into the Championship .
So I guess they are looking for a softer landing and , potentially , this could deliver it .
" I believe the top four are looking for less games and an 18 - team league .
Maybe this could deliver that as well .
Circumstantially , at the moment , there seems to be a lot going on but only time will tell how that will affect Celtic and Rangers . "
Starting in the second tier would see the Old Firm miss out on Champions League football for at least one season , if not longer .
Lawwell said : " It 's too early for us to even consider that .
But we all have a responsibility here to look at what is best for Celtic Football Club and our supporters .
If the right proposal comes along , we will give it serious consideration and see where we go .
It 's very early and we have n't been involved in these new ideas . "
Any move , which could not take place until at least 2013 because of various broadcasting deals , would need the backing of the Football Association and Scottish Football Association .
Uefa have already said they would not oppose the plan but Lawwell warned : " They would have to become involved in any restructure and we would have to give it serious thought . "
Open Letter To Those Without A Chronic Illness
Having an invisible disability ( ID ) and / or invisible chronic illness ( ICI ) means that many things change .
Just because you can't see the changes does n't mean they are n't real .
Most people do n't understand much about these disabilities / diseases and their effects , and of those that think they know , many are actually mis-informed .
In the spirit of informing those who wish to understand ...
...
These are the things that I would like you to understand about me before you judge me ...
Please understand that being disabled / sick does n't mean I 'm not still a human being .
I have to spend most of my day being very careful what I do , and if you visit I might not seem like much fun to be with , but I 'm still me stuck inside this body .
I still worry about school and work and my family and friends , and most of the time I 'd still like to hear you talk about yours too .
Please understand the difference between " happy " and " healthy " .
When you 've got the flu you probably feel miserable with it , but I 've been sick for years .
I can't be miserable all the time , in fact I work hard at not being miserable .
So if you 're talking to me and I sound happy , it means I 'm happy .
That 's all .
I may be tired .
I may be in pain .
I may be sicker that ever .
Please , do n't say , " Oh , you 're sounding better ! " .
I am not sounding better , I am sounding happy .
If you want to comment on that , you 're welcome .
Please understand that being able to stand up for five minutes , does n't necessarily mean that I can stand up for ten minutes , or an hour .
It 's quite likely that doing that five minutes has exhausted my resources and I 'll need to recover - imagine an athlete after a race .
They could n't repeat that feat right away either .
Please repeat the above paragraph substituting , " sitting up " , " walking " , " thinking " , " being sociable " and so on ... it applies to everything that I do .
Please understand that the effects of chronic illnesses and many disabilities are variable .
It 's quite possible ( for me , it 's common ) that one day I am able to walk to the bathroom and back , while the next day I 'll have trouble sitting up .
Please do n't attack me when I 'm worse by saying , " But you did it before ! " .
If you want me to do something , ask if I can and I 'll tell you .
Similarly , my illness / disability may vary suddenly , meaning I may need to cancel an invitation at the last minute , if this happens please do not take it personally .
Please understand that " getting out and doing things " does not make me feel better , and can often make me worse .
Chronic illnesses / disabilities may cause a secondary / reactive depression ( would n't you get depressed if you were stuck in bed 23 hours a day for years on end ? ) but they are not caused by depression .
Telling me that I need some fresh air and exercise is not not correct and probably not appreciated - if I could possibly do it that , I would .
Please understand that if I say I have to sit down / lie down / take these pills now , that I do have to do it right now - it can't be put off or forgotten just because I 'm doing something else more exciting .
Illnesses and disabilities do not forgive their victims easily .
Please understand that I can't spend all of my energy trying to get well from my incurable chronic illness / disability .
With a short - term illness like the flu , you can afford to put life on hold for a week or two while you get well .
But an important part of having a chronic illness or disability is coming to the realization that you have to spend energy on having a life while you 're sick / disabled .
This does n't mean I 'm not trying to get better .
It does n't mean I 've given up .
It 's just how life is when you 're dealing with a chronic illness / disability .
If you want to suggest a cure to me , please do n't .
It 's not because I do n't appreciate the thought ; and it's not because I do n't want to get well .
It 's because I have had almost every single one of my friends suggest one at one point or another .
At first I tried them all , but then I realized that I was using up so much energy trying things that I was making myself sicker , not better .
If there was something that cured , or even helped , all people with a certain illness or disability then we'd know about it .
This is not a drug - company conspiracy , there is worldwide networking ( both on and off the Internet ) between people with similar and different chronic illnesses and disabilities , if something worked we would know about it .
If after reading that , you still want to suggest a cure , then do it if you must .
Preferably in writing and accompanied by the scientific papers that prove it works .
But do n't expect me to rush out and try it .
I might not even reply .
If I have n't had it or something like it suggested before , and it sounds reasonable , I 'll probably take what you said and discuss it with my doctor .
Please understand that getting better from an illness can be very slow .
And getting better from an invisible disability might not happen at all .
People with chronic illnesses have so many systems in their bodies out of equilibrium , and functioning wrongly , that it may take a long time to sort everything out , if it ever happens .
I depend on you - people who are able - bodied - for many things .
But most importantly , I need you to understand me .
If you liked this open letter , you might want to read one of the versions people have adapted for other illnesses , or other languages , take a look at the open letter options page .
You can also order a poster or print version of An Open Letter To Those Without Invisible Chronic Illness ....
An Open Letter To Those Without Invisible Disability Or Chronic Illness ... by Ricky Buchanan is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.5 Australia License .
Based on a work at notdoneliving .
net .
Capcom caught more than a little flak for charging extra for Resident Evil 5's VS mode .
Their excuse ?
That it was " beyond the initial scope of Resident Evil 5 " .
Advertisement
Seems Capcom may have a strange way of defining what was in the " initial scope " because , as anyone who has downloaded the add - on will have found , the DLC weighs in at a massive 1.8 MB on 360 , and an even more impressive 351KB on PS3 .
Leading some to suggest that , well , you 're not really downloading VS mode at all .
You 're just downloading a key and some extra code that unlocks content that was already on the disc .
The disc you already paid for .
Advertisement
Course , this practice is nothing new .
Nor , if true , would it be entirely unexpected , as Capcom had previously said that VS mode " makes use of the assets that exist in the game " .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The counter - point - as many of you have already pointed out - is that both file sizes ( 1.8 MB and even 351KB ) are bigger than other , previous " unlock codes " .
And if the game mode only needed new code , and not new assets , then a small update may well cover everything that was needed .
As of writing , Capcom have yet to respond to our requests for clarification or comment .
Advertisement
[ via IGN ]
And so they broke them .
The point of the photos is not to demonstrate more gore ; it is to have a fresh opening to explain to Americans just how widespread this was , and also to remind them that this led to the deaths of scores .
But against this important public interest , the president has another duty - to his soldiers in the line of fire .
These soldiers deserve a chance to do their astonishingly difficult job without inflaming those who might be inspired to kill and attack them .
I see no reason to suspect that Obama is not genuine about this question , and it's a fair factor to consider .
More importantly , he has not said that suppressing the photos at this time means suppressing them for ever , and has not indicated that he will prevent justice being done .
In fact , his statement said the opposite .
The pro-torture right will say this call is obvious .
It is n't .
It 's very hard .
When you have inherited a policy of war crimes , and you are still fighting a war , balancing accountability with responsibility is tough .
I think , having made our point , we should cut the man some slack on this .
What matters is holding those who destroyed America 's moral standing responsible .
That is a struggle for patriots to engage , a Truth Commission to study , and the attorney - general to pursue , while allowing the president to do his job as commander - in - chief .
I will note this too about the politics .
If Obama wants to get the truth out , and does not want to be slimed as a partisan avenger ( the propaganda line from the Rovians ) , it helps him to have symbolic spats with those of us who believe we have no choice but to confront the war crimes of the last administration .
This has long been his mojo : give symbolic gifts to your opponents while retaining the core issue .
These gestures - Rick Warren dinner with Bill Kristol , summits with Cantor - help insulate him from being drawn into them kind of partisan fight the Rove right likes to fight .
In this rope , in other words , the anti-torture movement is the current dope .
Fine .
Rope - A - Dope us .
But let us not let the responsible parties get away with torture , abuse and murder .
And let us play a smart and relentless long game as well .
( Photo : Saul Loeb / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Les rayons du soleil sont à nouveau présents , et la chaleur est de retour dans le pays .
Des températures caniculaires sont à venir , et chacun devrait déjà prendre des dispositions pour passer un été agréable à la maison .
Le système de climatisation étant le moyen de plus accessible , il faut dire que les climatiseurs ont … Continue reading Qui contacter pour une location d’appareils de climatisation à prix avantageux ?
One of the ideas that has been circulating recently has been the suggestion that newspapers start charging web visitors for the privilege of reading the articles that appear on line .
Thetried that a couple of years ago , but only for a select portion of the paper , namely , the top tier columnists such as Krugman , Dowd , Herbert , Rich , Friedman .
The trial balloon lasted about a year , and then was abruptly discontinued .
While no official reason was given , I suspect advertisers , who had been promised millions of eyes each day were dissatisfied with the actual number of visitors willing to pay for the whole tier of columnists when only one or two of them were of interest .
That did n't kill the pay - per - view concept , however .
Now , with newspapers facing serious revenue shortfalls , some even filing for bankruptcy protection , a more concerted effort to charge for web reading is rolling out .
Tim Rutten of thedevoted his column today to suggesting that the federal government should step in , give anti-trust status to the news industry (! ) so that it could save itself .
[ Emphasis added ]
Now that 's an interesting solution .
Newspapers are increasingly owned by corporations , many by the same set of corporations , which are more interested in profit than delivering news .
Those few corporations also own television and radio stations , often in the same city .
They essentially have a corner on the market .
Now they want the federal government to protect that market by exempting from anti-trust laws ?
No , thank you .
Really .
First of all , the entire print newspaper is not published on websites .
One gentlemen trying to sell me a subscription to the paper version of thetold me that only about 15 % of each day 's content is on - line .
I do n't know how accurate that is , but I would n't exactly be shocked if it were completely accurate .
Fine .
If I need to see Doonesbury , I 'll pay the $ .75 to buy the paper version .
If the newscorps want to increase their income , they might try putting out the real journalism Bill Keller theorized about .
More people might show up , making advertisers happy , happy enough to pay .
Of course , a newspaper filled with relevant news covered honestly and fairly might also sell at the news stand for reading during the day .
It 's hard to tell because it 's been so long since we 've seen a major newspaper engage in that kind of journalism on a sustained basis .
The last thing the nation needs , however , is yet another boost to the corporatocracy by granting an anti-trust exemption and permission for price fixing .
Nice try , Mr. Rutten , but you 'll have to do better .
Labels : Corporate Welfare , Free Press
I love books .
Ever since I was a child , they were my sanctuary .
My mode of transport .
My marvelous steam engine or my magic ring , fantastic sword or destiny among the Old Ones .
Bullies could beat me up , could knock me down , could hang me from the coatrack by my snowpants and leave me twisting helplessly in the air , but they could never bother my books .
And yet not all books are created equal .
It is difficult to match the power of Proust , the timeless beauty of Shakespeare , the ominous plodding of Lovecraft , or the transcendent majesty of Shayla Black .
Some books draw their strength from plot and others from lyrical language .
The following books derive their power chiefly from the indispensable asset of their covers .
It was forum goon XVIII who introduced us to this special genre of real books that look like photoshops .
He , along with the rest of the forum goons , have assembled an exhaustive list of the most absurd book covers ever created .
If you see one which piques your curiosity , check out Amazon - I assure you they all exist .
Go ahead , keep reading - and if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to return to thongs of fire myself .
This Hubble image of planetary nebula Kohoutek 4-55 was taken by the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 on May 4 , 2009 .
The colors represent the makeup of the various emission clouds in the nebula : red represents nitrogen , green represents hydrogen , and blue represents oxygen .
K 4-55 is nearly 4,600 light - years away in the constellation Cygnus .
The Hubble Space Telescope 's legendary Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 has produced one of its last images , a gorgeous shot of a planetary nebula .
The nebula , a colorful cloud of gas and dust named Kohoutek 4 - 55 ( or K 4 - 55 ) , has an eye that appears to be looking right back at Hubble .
The image was taken May 4 and released today .
Monday , NASA aims to send the space shuttle Atlantis to Hubble , where astronauts will replace the camera with the Wide Field Camera 3 , among other upgrades and fix - it projects .
At a press conference today , space agency officials said the camera will make one last image tomorrow , of a nearby galaxy named IC 5152 , but that image wo n't be released immediately .
Planetary nebulas have nothing to do with planets .
They were named so because in early telescopes , they had the fuzzy look of planets in our outer solar system .
In fact planetary nebulas sit throughout our galaxy .
This one contains the outer layers of a red giant star that were expelled into space as the star entered its death throes .
Ultraviolet radiation from the remaining hot core of the star zaps the ejected gas shells , making them glow .
A bright inner ring is surrounded by a bipolar structure .
The entire system is then surrounded by a faint red halo , seen in the emission by lit - up nitrogen gas .
This multi- shell structure is fairly uncommon in planetary nebulas , astronomers said .
The Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 instrument , the size of a baby grand piano , was installed in 1993 to replace the original Wide Field / Planetary Camera .
Among its iconic images :
Eagle Nebula 's " pillars of creation . "
Comet P / Shoemaker - Levy 9's impacts on Jupiter 's atmosphere .
The 1995 Hubble Deep Field – the longest and deepest Hubble optical image of its time .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency .
Images are processed at the Space Telescope Science Institute , which conducts Hubble science operations .
This article was written by Robert Roy Britt with reporting assistance by Tariq Malik from Cape Canaveral .
SPACE.com is providing continuous coverage of NASA 's last mission to the Hubble Space Telescope .
Avian and other zoonotic influenza
Animal influenza viruses are distinct from human seasonal influenza viruses and do not easily transmit between humans .
However , zoonotic influenza viruses - animal influenza viruses that may occasionally infect humans through direct or indirect contact - can cause disease in humans ranging from a mild illness to death .
Birds are the natural hosts for avian influenza viruses .
After an outbreak of A( H5N1 ) virus in 1997 in poultry in Hong Kong SAR , China , since 2003 , this avian and other influenza viruses have spread from Asia to Europe and Africa .
In 2013 , human infections with the influenza A( H7N9 ) virus were reported in China .
Most swine influenza viruses do not cause disease in humans , but some countries have reported cases of human infection from certain swine influenza viruses .
Close proximity to infected pigs or visiting locations where pigs are exhibited has been reported for most human cases , but some limited human - to - human transmission has occurred .
Just like birds and pigs , other animals such as horses and dogs , can be infected with their own influenza viruses ( canine influenza viruses , equine influenza viruses , etc. ) .
INSERT CREDIT
Software makers large and small have spent years toiling away at the Linux desktop .
So , it ’s a bit odd to find Intel , a chip manufacturer , doing some of the more innovative work to make Linux appealing to the masses .
In an article published Monday , I took a look at Moblin , Intel ’s version of Linux aimed at netbooks today and at cellphones tomorrow , and the company ’s software organization as a whole .
Intel has turned to software as a means of drumming up support for its low - power Atom chip .
Intel markets the Atom against rival products from the traditional cellphone chip makers .
If a company were to create a brand new , slick user interface for Linux capable of combating Windows , should n’t it be , say , Novell or Canonical ?
Both companies have server and desktop flavors of Linux , and Canonical , in particular , has talked a lot about developing a flashy user interface to help Linux fight Windows and Mac OS X .
But when it comes to netbooks and phones , these Linux mainstays are content to let the likes of Intel with Moblin and Google with Android lead the design charge .
Moblin , for example , boasts a new start - up menu that meshes a person ’s calendar , recently used software , social networking updates , photos and other bits and pieces together .
It ’s a design that caters to the Web - addicted types buying netbooks and smartphones .
While Linux has certainly gone corporate , its open - source nature still leads to some kumbaya moments .
For example , Novell has done some engineering work with Intel around Moblin and plans to offer its own version of the software directly to PC makers .
Why should Novell spend a bunch of money making a netbook operating system when Intel is already doing the heavy lifting ?
“ Our current desktop did n’t have the right design principles for mobile computing , ” said Ron Hovsepian , the chief executive of Novell .
“ Moblin is a bottoms - up , fresh approach at trying to do something completely different . ”
Novell has set up a software lab in Taiwan to work on furthering mobile technology with local hardware makers .
Mark Shuttleworth , the chief executive of Canonical , said he ’s more than happy to pick up pieces of Moblin that work and build them into Ubuntu , the company ’s flagship version of Linux .
“ If they have better ideas , then we would embrace them , ” Mr. Shuttleworth said .
“ I think it would be a big mistake for us to stick to our baby just because it ’s our baby .
It would be vain not to embrace something that is better . ”
Unless it undergoes some massive change in strategy , Intel is happy to stay in the background , letting folks like Novell and Canonical do with Moblin what they will .
It ’s a stance that ruffles Microsoft ’s feathers a bit less and sticks close to Intel ’s traditions as more or less a neutral party .
This week we have more straight reporting from Studio Dave with a look at some conference activity , cool developments in the world of Ardour and news about some new and updated programs for your complete Linux music production studio .
LAC2009
The Linux Audio Conference for 2009 was held in Parma , Italy , from April 15 through April 19 .
Alas , I was unable to attend , but the organizers again provided video and audio streams for us stay - at - homes .
Video recordings and PDF files of the slide shows are already available at http://lad.linuxaudio.org/events/2009_cdm/.
Incidentally , the video quality is superb ( Figure 1 ) — a testament to the advances in the Vorbis Project 's Theora video codec .
Major thanks to Jörn Nettingsmeier and his crew for their splendid work to capture the presentations in such excellent quality streams and files .
Figure 1 . IOannes Zmölnig at LAC2009
This conference is a key " meeting of the minds " for Linux audio developers and users .
Represented projects included Csound , the Q programming language , Pure Data ( Pd ) , netjack and many others .
Former conferences have been characterized by an abundance of fine conversation , music , food and wine , and reports indicate that organizer Fons Adriaensen maintained the tradition in excellent style .
Judging from the quality of the papers I 've read and the videos I 've watched , LAC2009 appears to have been another successful event .
As far as I know , the date and location of LAC2010 have not been formally announced , although Utrecht has been mentioned as a likely candidate .
The Software Beat
Paul Nasca is widely known for his superb ZynAddSubFX , a very deep and popular softsynth ( it runs on Linux and Windows ) .
He also is known for his unique PaulStretch ( Figure 2 ) , now available in version 2.0 .
PaulStretch can be used for normal time compression / expansion , but it has been designed especially for extreme application .
For example , when I processed a 49 - second soundfile with the HyperStretch function , the default output length was almost 1 hour 30 minutes .
Obviously time expansion of this duration is meant for experimental purposes , and the results can be very surprising .
Incidentally , the maximum stretch for my little test file was 1,553 years and 284 days .
If more time is needed , perhaps you should contact the developer .
Figure 2 . PaulStretch 2.0
Tomasz Mon has announced his gdigi ( Figure 3 ) , an editor for the Digitech RP250 / RP500 guitar processor pedals .
gdigi intends to provide the editing capabilities found in Digitech 's X - Edit software , and the author invites requests for more supported devices .
In other guitar - oriented news , Hermann Meyer has updated his wonderful guitarix to 0.04.1 - 1 ( Figure 4 ) .
The new version includes some major bug fixes and introduces a new Oscilloscope view for those of us who can't get enough visual feedback .
Figure 3 . gdigi
Figure 4 . guitarix
The modern digital audio workstation ( DAW ) deals not only with audio and MIDI , but also is expected to provide some degree of support for video display and edition .
Developer Robin Gareus has produced a couple such programs , including his well - known xjadeo , a video display window with JACK syncronization capability .
xjadeo works beautifully with Ardour , but , alas , it provides no timeline within Ardour itself .
Enter Robin 's aics , the Ardour image compositor socket .
In lieu of a full explanation , I 'll simply tell you that aics provides that timeline ( Figure 5 ) .
Direct editing of the video within Ardour is not yet possible , but it 's clear that that is the direction and goal .
The aics software is still in its infancy , so do n't expect a polished package yet .
Figure 5 . aics at Work
The Hydrogen developers have announced the release of version 0.9.4rc1 ( Figure 6 ) of their premier drum machine / rhythm composer for Linux .
This version is a release candidate , and the developers want feedback from users , as much as possible .
The rc1 status indicates that a full release is imminent , so help the crew find and fix the remaining bugs in this most excellent Linux audio software .
Figure 6 . Hydrogen 0.9.4
Inspired by a topic heading at KVRaudio , I checked up on the latest news from the Bristol site on SourceForge .
Bristol ( Figure 7 ) is developer Nick Copeland 's ongoing project to provide Linux musicians with a high - quality emulator of classic synthesizers .
The current list of emulations include a variety of synths manufactured originally by Korg , Roland , Yamaha , Moog , Arp , Sequential Circuits and other companies associated with the Golden Age of hardware synthesizers .
In addition to those goodies , Nick has thrown in emulators for Hammond and Vox organs , along with a general - purpose virtual mixing desk .
The news page on its home site indicates that Bristol will soon expand its collection of softsynths with emulators for the Korg MS20 and the EMS Synthi A .
Figure 7 . Bristol as the Yamaha DX7
The Music Cafe
Speaking of KVRaudio , I 've placed a few pieces in the site 's neat Music Cafe , a posting space for composers and songwriters to announce their recordings .
The Music Cafe is open to all kinds of music , produced with any combination of hardware and software , and I 've heard some wonderful things there .
I also was happy to discover that I 'm not the only Linux - based contributor to the Cafe ( greetings to folderol and Count Fuzzball ! ) , although platforms do n't seem to matter too much in the music discussions .
And , in case you 're wondering , KVR specializes in news and reports about audio / MIDI software , especially audio / MIDI plugins .
The site offers an impressive amount of useful platform - neutral information and some great discussion forums , although I suspect its greatest draw is its excellent ( and huge ) database of plugins .
The database lists items commercial , noncommercial and otherwise , including LADSPA , DSSI and VST plugins in native Linux format ( for example , Discovery.so ) .
The Wizards of OSC
Marije Baalman 's work has focused primarily on wavefield synthesis , extensions to the SuperCollider3 audio synthesis and processing environment , and software for working with sensor input .
Recently , she has developed MotionTrackOSC ( Figure 8 ) , a program that tracks movement from a camera 's real - time input or from a video file and converts that data to OSC messages .
I have n't done much with it yet , but I plan to set up a system in which MotionTrackOSC will translate t'ai chi movements into real - time control messages for the audio and graphics parameters in AVSynthesis .
Figure 8 . MotionTrackOSC
Ardour does OSC too , as I read in the article Controlling Ardour with SuperCollider via Open Sound Control ( OSC ) , an excellent summary published on the SuperCollider site .
The experimentalist in me is eager to start playing with the system described in that article , and I can imagine using it for some interesting algorithmic control over Ardour 's mixer .
And , by the way , have I mentioned that Ardour 2.8 is now available ?
See the Ardour home pages for details and download .
Kai Vehmanen has added preliminary OSC support to the latest release of his wonderful ecasound DAW .
In point of fact , ecasound needs a review here soon .
The project has continued to evolve as the command - line DAW for Linux , but some excellent GUIs have been created for it , such as Joel Roth 's Perl / Tk - based Nama ( Figure 9 ) and Felix Le Blanc 's EMi ( Ecasound Mastering interface ) ( Figure 10 ) .
Figure 9 . Nama
Figure 10 .
EMi
The Restivo Report
Keyboard wizard Ken Restivo sent the following message to the Linux Audio Users mail - list :
I 'm happy to report that Linux softsynths have been used on a commercial pop/rock CD called Lawler Rules .
I did some studio work for them over the last year , and the CD is finally out .
They produced it on a Mac with ProTools .
I played keyboards on it and used exclusively Linux and Linux softsynths .
I used AMS for the Moog and ZynAddSubFX for the synthy - string pad on Cocaine Cowboys , and PHASEX for the ARP-y plinks on Death .
AZR3 is Hammond organ and Fluidsynth for piano on most of the songs , and Fluidsynth is also the bass on Big Groove .
If you like commercial classic rock , enjoy .
Check out the song samples on the MySpace page .
It 's definitely a classic rock groove , and Ken 's playing is fine as always .
And , be sure to check out the music at restivo.org , if you can't get enough Ken .
Outro
That 's the wrap for this week .
I hope you 've enjoyed the report , and I hope you 've been inspired to try some of the software yourself .
I 'll be back soon with a HOWTO focused on building Linux audio software , but in the meanwhile , I 'm interested in what topics my readers would like to see covered here .
Add your suggestions to the Comments section , and I 'll be happy to consider any requests ( although , of course , I can't promise I 'll get to all of them ) .
So , until next time , stay well - intoned , rhythmically accurate and passionately expressive .
Michelle Obama , wife of U.S. President Barack Obama , left , walks with Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II at the reception at Buckingham Palace in London , Britain , Wednesday , April 1 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / Daniel Hambury )
US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle , pose with Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , during an audience at Buckingham Palace in London , Britain , Wednesday April 1 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / John Stillwell )
US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle , are welcomed by Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , during an audience at Buckingham Palace in London , Wednesday April 1 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / John Stillwell )
LONDON – Michelle Obama 's meeting with Queen Elizabeth II began with a handshake and ended in a hug .
The first lady arrived Wednesday with President Barack Obama .
After separate meetings on the eve of the G - 20 summit , the couple attended an evening reception for world leaders hosted by the queen .
Mrs. Obama clearly made an impression with the 82 - year - old monarch — so much that the smiling queen strayed slightly from protocol and briefly wrapped her arm around the first lady in a rare public show of affection .
It was the first time Mrs. Obama — who is nearly a foot taller — had met the queen .
The first lady also wrapped her arm around the monarch 's shoulder and back .
A Buckingham Palace spokesman who asked not to be identified because of palace policy said he could not remember the last time the queen had displayed such public affection with a first lady or dignitary .
" It was a mutual and spontaneous display of affection , " he said .
" We do n't issue instructions on not touching the queen . "
When the former Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating put his arm around the queen in 1992 , the tabloids dubbed him the " Lizard of Oz . "
When his successor , John Howard , was accused of doing the same , a spokesman insisted : " We firmly deny that there was any contact whatsoever . "
In 2007 , President George W. Bush gave the queen a sly wink during a visit she paid to the United States .
The Daily Mail said the " two women clearly took to each other . "
Wednesday 's reception was followed by a dinner at Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's Downing Street home , where the leaders ' spouses were joined by notable British women , including " Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling and Olympic gold medal runner Kelly Holmes .
" Michelle walks in and she is as she seems , " Holmes told reporters Thursday .
" So warm , engaging , a beautiful , beautiful lady — and I quickly got my photo in the middle of her and Sarah Brown , " the prime minister 's wife .
Mrs. Obama also seemed to win over the often feral British press .
The last time a first lady made such a hit in Britain was last year with French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's wife , the former fashion model and songwriter Carla Bruni .
But on Thursday , London 's Times newspaper had moved on , writing " Carla who ? "
The BBC described Mrs. Obama as her husband 's co-star rather than supporting act — appropriate for a Harvard - educated lawyer .
Mrs. Obama visited an all - girls school in north London on Thursday afternoon .
She told the 240 girls about growing up on Chicago 's south side , and urged them to think of education as " cool . "
" I never cut class .
I liked being smart .
I liked getting A's , " she said .
" You have everything you need .
Everything you need to succeed you already have right here . "
At the end of the visit , Mrs. Obama doled out hugs to the students , and was swarmed by them — to the extent that some Secret Service agents stepped nervously forward .
Earlier Thursday , Mrs. Obama attended a performance at the Royal Opera House with the other spouses and guests .
The program included music by Handel and a dance performance by Ballet Black , a troupe set up to give performing opportunities to black and Asian classical dancers .
Wearing a bright teal blue dress by Jason Wu — who designed her inauguration gown — and a sweater by Junya Watanabe , Mrs. Obama posed for photographs with Sarah Brown , Therese Rein , wife of Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso 's wife Chikako Aso , and Laureen Harper , who is married to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , on the stage of the opera house .
( Agencies )
Routine checks are made on visitors to the UK
A Brazilian woman was refused entry to the UK when she arrived at Newcastle Airport with luggage containing only T - shirts , a dressing gown and lingerie .
UK Border Agency officials said they suspected the 32 - year - old of being involved in the sex industry .
She had arrived on a flight from Geneva on 4 April , the agency said .
Airport staff became suspicious when she could not say what she would be doing in the UK , other than " seeing Newcastle city centre " .
' Sexual paraphernalia '
Checks revealed the woman had been refused entry to the UK at Belfast City Airport three months earlier .
She sought to conceal this by replacing the passport containing the refusal stamps with a new Brazilian passport , the agency said .
A UK Border Agency spokesman said : " We routinely make checks to ensure that people wanting to visit the UK have not previously tried to circumvent our immigration laws .
" Visitors to the UK must play by the rules .
Those who do not are refused entry and sent home . "
The spokesman said the same woman had been refused entry at Belfast on 15 January after a baggage search revealed a collection of sexual paraphernalia and details of escort agencies and sex sites .
Your keyfob is a tiny device with a big job -- to keep your car from being stolen .
See more car gadget pictures iStockphoto.com / Tom England
­ Did you ever notice that it seems you never have to actually put the key into the car door to unlock it anymore ?
Keyless entry systems -- which use a small radio transmitter built into a keyfob to unlock the doors -- have become standard equipment on almost every new car .
When you push the button on your keyfob , it transmits a signal to the receiver inside your vehicle tuned to receive that particular frequency .
This triggers the doors to lock or unlock depending on which button you push .
The same technology is used to open your automatic garage door at home .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But when you think about it , you 're entrusting the safety and security of your automobile to a very tiny and seemingly simple device .
Why is it that your keyfob does n't unlock the door to a similar model car -- or even a different car ?
And what 's to stop a thief from using the same signal to get into your vehicle ?
­ It 's not often you hear about cars being stolen using this method .
The reason : it simply does n't happen very often .
While it 's theoretically possible , the technologies used in modern remote entry systems -- like rolling codes and data encryption -- make a theft of this nature pretty difficult to pull off .
If a thief wanted to steal your car this way , he or she would have a pretty high - tech mountain to climb .
Next , we 'll discuss why you do n't necessarily have to worry about someone using your vehicle 's keyless entry system to make off with your ride .
by hilzoy
I wanted to highlight one other bit of the GQ story on Rumsfeld .
The author writes :
" What Rumsfeld was most effective in doing , " says a former senior White House official , " was not so much undermining a decision that had yet to be made as finding every way possible to delay the implementation of a decision that had been made and that he did n’t like . "
At meetings , he'd throw up every obstacle he could .
" Rumsfeld would say , ' Golly , we have n’t had time to read all of these documents !
I mean , this is radical change ! ' " the official adds .
" And then , if you suggested that maybe he should 've read all the documents when everyone first got them a week ago , he 'd say : ' Well !
I 've been all over the world since then !
What have you been doing ? ' "
What a charmer .
Here are some specific examples involving Russia :
" Rumsfeld 's office cut against Bush ’s pledge of cooperation and transparency with Russia on " a whole host of things , " says this official : the proposed Russian - American Observation Satellite , the Joint Data Exchange Center , plutonium disposition .
By 2005 the Bush - Putin partnership had soured for a variety of reasons , including Russia ’s growing economic swagger and America ’s Iraq - induced decline in global prestige .
But , the official observes , Rumsfeld " did not help the relationship ; that ’s clear . "
Russia came to believe that the U.S. was n't interested in cooperating , and Rumsfeld 's actions " devalued what the president had originally said .
It made the Russians believe he lacked credibility . " "
If you 're not an arms policy wonk , you might not recognize some of these examples .
That would be a shame , since what this paragraph actually means is that Donald Rumsfeld slow - walked proposals designed to do two things that might strike the casual observer as quite important : keep weapons - grade plutonium out of the hands of terrorists , and prevent the accidental launch of nuclear weapons at our cities .
" Plutonium disposition " is part of the general attempt to secure and destroy Russian nuclear material .
If you 're worried about al Qaeda getting nuclear weapons , securing Russian loose nukes is the most obvious place to start : so obvious that our failure to prioritize this always struck me as one of the abiding mysteries of the Bush administration .
There are nuclear weapons sitting around in enormously insecure locations .
( Howard Baker : " I 'm talking about finished weapons that are barely protected .
I 'm talking about doors that have an ordinary padlock on them and sometimes not even that . "
Quoted in Allison , is part of the general attempt to secure and destroy Russian nuclear material .
If you 're worried about al Qaeda getting nuclear weapons , securing Russian loose nukes is the most obvious place to start : so obvious that our failure to prioritize this always struck me as one of the abiding mysteries of the Bush administration .
There are nuclear weapons sitting around in enormously insecure locations .
( Howard Baker : " I 'm talking about finished weapons that are barely protected .
I 'm talking about doors that have an ordinary padlock on them and sometimes not even that . "
Quoted in Allison , Nuclear Terrorism , p. 74 . )
Plutonium disposition is one part of securing loose nukes : the part where you take weapons - grade plutonium and render it unusable .
As of mid-2003 , here 's what we had done :
" The entire nine year program to date has been focused on investing to prepare for beginning to reduce excess plutonium stockpiles in the future . "
" Investing to prepare for beginning to reduce " -- that sounds promising !
As of April 2007 , things had not improved much :
" Although the original agreement called for each side to start off at a rate of two tons of plutonium a year and seek to move to four tons a year , the four - ton objective appears to have been largely abandoned , and the planned Russian program now stretches to 2040 . (...)
A wide range of other obstacles have contributed to these slowing schedules and escalating costs .
After delays resulting from a year - long Bush administration policy review , the Bush team delayed matters further by demanding that Russia accept liability provisions that would make Russia liable even for damage caused by intentional sabotage by U.S. personnel , a provision Russian negotiators predictably rejected .
Because construction of the U.S. and Russian MOX plants had been linked , this dispute resulted in years of delay in both countries .
A liability protocol for plutonium disposition , in which the Bush administration effectively abandoned its earlier demands , was finally signed in September 2006 , ironically not long after the linkage between U.S. and Russian construction was dropped . "
So that 's what Rumsfeld dragging his feet on plutonium disposition meant : not helping to destroy weapons - grade material that was often stored in insecure locations , and which a terrorist might use to build a bomb .
Thanks , Don .
Joint Data Exchange Center from the joint US / Russian press release announcing it :
Here 's a description of thefrom the joint US / Russian press release announcing it :
" This agreement ( ... ) establishes a Joint Data Exchange Center ( JDEC ) in Moscow for the exchange of information derived from each side 's missile launch warning systems on the launches of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles .
The exchange of this data will strengthen strategic stability by further reducing the danger that ballistic missiles might be launched on the basis of false warning of attack .
It will also promote increased mutual confidence in the capabilities of the ballistic missile early warning systems of both sides . "
Basically , the fact that the US and Russia have nuclear missiles pointed at one another means that it 's rather important to ensure that neither side mistakenly concludes that the other has launched a nuclear strike to which it must respond .
After all , you do n't want to get into a nuclear war over something like this
" In 1995 the Russians mistakenly interpreted a Norwegian meteorological missile launch as a launch of a military missile , and the black case of the Russian President was activated for the first time since the end of the Cold War . "
The JDEC is basically designed to help prevent that sort of needless catastrophe .
But guess what
" The agreement regarding the JDEC was first signed by Presidents Bill Clinton and Putin at their June 2000 meeting in Moscow .
Over the next several years , implementation of the center fell prey to bureaucratic issues between Moscow and Washington such as the question of which side would pay for upgrading the school building that had been selected for the site .
In addition , the general disinterest of the Bush administration toward negotiated agreements with Russia , especially when negotiated by earlier presidents , served to shelve the JDEC further .
The agreement remains intact , however , and the center could be rapidly established as a venue for confidence building on missile defenses . "
The next time you hear Dick Cheney talk about how the Bush administration kept us safe , do n't just think about 9/11 , the people who have died in the Iraq war , etc .
Think about the fact that this administration slow - walked things like mechanisms to keep us from being incinerated because of a mistake and measures to destroy Russian weapons - grade plutonium so that it did n't fall into the hands of terrorists .
Enlarge By Robert Deutsch , USA TODAY
Many top seats at new Yankee Stadium are going unsold .
CLUBS DEAL WITH TOUGH SELL CLUBS DEAL WITH TOUGH SELL Baseball executives are watching the turnstiles as closely as they are the box scores this season , with attendance down 5.2 % compared with last year .
" The fans are going to come back , but with the economy , it 's just going to be a little slower process , " says Bob Aylward , Seattle Mariners executive vice president of business operations .
USA TODAY highlights five facets of the attendance issue : *** Attendance figures for all stories provided by Baseball - Reference.com and are calculated based on the same number of home games at each park a year ago .
Enlarge By Rob Schumacher for USA TODAY From left , Scott Nash , Jason Kubik and Bob Nanberg of Team Shop Premiums work with pro sports teams to come up with attendance - boosting promotions , from pop -up balls and stacking mugs to rally clocks .
The best seats in the house are empty .
The cheap seats and all - you - can - eat sections are packed .
Big markets are struggling to retain attendance while small markets are enjoying prosperity .
Welcome to the topsy - turvy world of Major League Baseball , where teams are battling more than ever to stay ahead of the economic recession .
In Cleveland , they are giving away bedroom slippers .
In Houston , young professionals are encouraged to watch an Astros game at the tequila bar while looking for Mr. or Mrs. Right .
And in South Florida , being unemployed will get you four free Marlins tickets to selected games .
Attendance is down 5.2 % compared with the same number of home games at each park a year ago , according to Baseball - Reference.com , but not for a lack of effort from teams .
TEAMS SEEK SOLUTIONS — 5 FACETS
" We 're seeing things we 've never seen before , " says Pam Gardner , Astros president of business operations .
" It 's kind of fun now because there 's such a challenge . "
The New York Yankees have learned that opening a $ 1.5 billion stadium and spending $ 440 million on players this offseason does n't mean folks will pay exorbitant prices to watch them .
They cut prices on selected premium seats at the end of April , and attendance remains down 11.9 % compared with last year .
" We 're not one of the horror stories you hear around baseball , " says Mark Tilson , vice president of sales for the Kansas City Royals , whose attendance is up 15.1 % thanks to a refurbished stadium and winning team .
No market has plummeted more than Washington , D.C. Nationals attendance is down 35.2 % ; the team has the National League 's worst record .
" I 'm not worried about attendance , " Nationals president Stan Kasten said .
" Our focus is to fix the product on the field , and when we do , the attendance will be there . "
Contributing : Mel Antonen , Seth Livingstone *** CLUBS COPING WITH A TOUGHER SELL 1 — Promotions punched up for fans seeking knockout Executives cannot simply market a team these days .
Fans want pizzazz .
They want a deal .
They want , in the words of Team Shop Premiums , " Sports - tainment . "
The San Francisco Giants brought in Filipino boxing champion Manny Pacquiao to throw out the first pitch on Filipino - American Heritage Night on April 21 against the San Diego Padres .
The Giants , handing out Pacquiao bobbleheads , drew 39,314 , which was swelled by a walk - up crowd of 11,000 , flooring Giants president Larry Baer .
" A totally unheard - of response , " Baer says .
Team Shop Premiums general partners Scott Nash and Bob Nanberg and accountant executive Jason Kubik sit in their Phoenix office each day brainstorming ideas to boost attendance at sporting events .
They work with eight teams in Major League Baseball , as well as selected teams in the NFL , NBA and NHL .
" Teams are asking us all of the time , ' Give us something new .
Give us something fresh .
And we want to beat everyone else doing it , ' " Nanberg says .
" When you have 6 million people out of work , it 's tough to get them to come out and pay money for tickets . "
The Los Angeles Angels , perhaps baseball 's most innovative team , Nanberg says , have offered retro alarm clocks , with plans of handing out of salt and pepper shakers in 2010 .
The Houston Astros are giving out a crystal replica of their ballpark this month to commemorate its 10th anniversary .
And , of course , there is always the bobblehead doll promotion , a guaranteed winner , which costs teams about $ 2.25 per figurine .
" The giveaways are old school .
Some sort of entertainment to go along with the game experience is new school , " Kubik says .
" That 's where you have sports - tainment .
It 's the new wave . "
*** 2 — Corporate cutbacks affect premium seating
They may be the best seats in baseball , but some fans are having reservations about sitting there .
For the first time since the opening of new ballparks in Seattle and St. Louis , as well as in both new ballparks in New York , premium seats are going unused .
Harry Sloan , chairman and chief executive officer of Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer Studios ( MGM ) , kept his tickets but declined when offered the opportunity to move behind the plate .
He says he prefers staying out of the camera 's way .
Instead he sits several rows back on the third base side .
Joe Strohm , Cardinals vice president of ticket sales , says premium seats left behind in St. Louis are from corporate sponsors looking to save money .
" Corporations that maybe bought bulk tickets in those areas are definitely trimming back on their spending , " Strohm says .
" We are marketing those on an individual basis , and we 're having some success , but at the end of the day it 's still going to be down .
" What we 're seeing is all fans are looking for added value , not only in baseball , but in all of their purchasing . "
Most teams wo n't release detailed information on premium seat sales , but they are talking about the losses , which are easy to see when watching a game on TV .
The Yankees slashed prices in April on selected premium locations , including cutting some tickets to $ 1,250 from $ 2,500 .
The Mets ' prices are cheaper at Citi Field , with their top ticket selling for $ 595 a game , but David Howard , Mets executive vice president of business operations , concedes about 10 % of seats have not been sold .
The Mariners , whose overall attendance has declined by 7.1 % compared to last year , also have empty seats behind home plate for the first time in the stadium 's nine - year history .
" You just see ( empty ) pockets , " says Mariners president Chuck Armstrong , whose team has finished in last place four out of the past five years .
" Hopefully , the economy turns around , but winning helps a lot .
If we win , those things will take care of themselves . "
*** 3 — In Detroit , sales down ; Phoenix holding steady Detroit 's auto industry is in shambles , and the housing market has hit the skids in Phoenix .
But the teams in those two cities are getting different results at the ballpark .
" We anticipated a difficult time , and we 're seeing it , " says Detroit Tigers President David Dombrowski , whose attendance has declined by 27 % , nearly 10,000 fans a game .
" Our downturn started last year .
We 're still not sure exactly where it 's all heading .
" But I still believe that people in tough economies are looking for escapisms . "
The Arizona Diamondbacks , whose $ 35,000 per capita income is the lowest among the 26 metropolitan markets that have a major - league team , are holding steady though , averaging 28,205 per game , down 0.6 % from last year .
Not bad considering the team entered Monday with a 13 - 19 record and fired its manager last week .
" We 've got challenges and at times like this , " Diamondbacks President Derrick Hall says , " you have to be creative .
" We 're hoping too that with the economy the way it is , maybe families will stay home this summer , and let us entertain them . "
*** 4 — Phillies , Rays , Brewers defy 2009 trend in stands with help of '08 success on field
You can schedule giveaways , throw concerts and have all the player autograph sessions you want , but the best way to get people to the ballpark has n't changed : winning .
The defending World Series champion Philadelphia Phillies have already drawn more than 725,000 fans this season , tops in baseball , and an increase of 10.2 % from last season .
The Tampa Bay Rays , coming off the American League pennant and their first winning season , have had their attendance soar by 61.6 % to 26,413 fans a game , the biggest increase in baseball .
But the Milwaukee Brewers are showing it does n't take a World Series appearance to excite fans the following year .
They reached the postseason last year for the first time since 1982 , losing to the Phillies in the first round , and this season have sold out half of their home games .
They are averaging 36,581 fans a game , an increase of 3.3 % from last year .
" Just winning , getting to the playoffs , " says Brewers executive vice president Rick Schlesinger , " was the best marketing tool we had all offseason .
We 've had a 20 % jump in our season - ticket base to about 27,000 , an all - time high .
" We know we 're trending against the grain .
But this team was down so long , and after people supported it all of these years — emotionally and financially — they 're ready to embrace the team fully .
And now that they got a taste of postseason , people want the whole meal . "
The Rays drew 1.8 million fans last season , despite their incredible last - to - first - place run .
Yet , even with a 15 - 18 start this year , folks are still buying tickets like never before in Tampa Bay 's 11 - year history .
" Hopefully with our success and our World Series appearance , we 'll see a significant jump , " Rays President Matt Silverman says .
*** 5 — For the frugal fan , it 's BYOF : Bring your own food Every dollar counts in a recession .
Outside the New York Mets ' new Citi Field , Patti Lettieri is using an old money - saving trick : bringing her own food and drink to the ballpark .
" For me , to spend $ 7 on food and $ 8 on a beer is ridiculous , " says the native New Yorker .
" The money I save on food allows me to come to an extra game or two . "
Nearby , Beth O'Brien from Bay Shore , N.Y. , and Claire Schmaeling from Levittown , N.Y. , are toting in soft - sided coolers packed with food and water from home .
" If you have a family with four kids , you have to do it , " O'Brien says .
Most teams do n't publicize it , but at least 21 of 30 major league clubs allow fans to bring some food and drink items to ballparks , according to a review of team websites .
Another eight allows fans to bring their own bottled water .
One , the Houston Astros , prohibits all outside food and drink .
Some such as the Oakland Athletics , San Francisco Giants and Seattle Mariners are touting their Bring - Your - Own - Food ( BYOF ) policies on their sections of the " Fan Value Corner " at MLB.com .
" Obviously , we 're in business to promote our products — including our food .
However , we 'd rather folks come to the game than not come at all , " says Jim Leahey , the A's vice president of sales and marketing .
" If that means bringing their own food , we 're certainly OK with that . "
Brown - bagging rules vary from club to club .
Subject to inspection , fans are generally allowed to bring food in see - through bags , single - serve water and juice boxes , baby food and soft - sided coolers .
What can't you bring in ?
Anything hard that can be thrown at players , or each other , such as glass bottles , cans , and hard - sided coolers .
All clubs ban outside beer and alcoholic beverages .
Budget - conscious fans can always pack their own grub , then splurge for a few " treats , " notes Washington Nationals spokeswoman Chartese Burnett .
" Maybe you treat your kids to cotton candy .
And bring peanut butter and jelly . "
Despite the economy , there are plenty of fans who consider hot dogs and Cracker Jack part of the ballpark experience , notes Tampa Bay Rays spokesman Rick Vaughn .
" It 's one of the most endearing things about baseball , " he said in an e-mail .
Thanks to the popular " Taste of the City " food court , lower prices and better quality , average fan spending on food and drink is up 40 % at Citi Field compared to Shea Stadium , says Dave Howard , Mets executive vice president of business operations .
" We think we 're offering enough quality and value that , even if people bring things in , they 'll still be attracted to what we 're offering , " he said .
Contributing : Mike Dodd in Chicago , Seth Livingstone in Kansas City , Mo. , Michael McCarthy in New York , Bob Nightengale in Phoenix , Jorge L. Ortiz in San Francisco and Mel Antonen and Paul White in McLean , Va. ***
Team - by - team attendance Inside the gates
Of the 30 teams , 18 teams ( excludes the Mets ) have seen an decrease in attendance from 2008 to 2009 .
Baseball executives are watching the turnstiles as closely as they are the box scores this season , with attendance down 5.2 % compared the same number of home games at each park a year ago .
Team - by - team : ( figures through Sunday ) 2008 2009 Team Games Total attendance Average attendance Games Total attendance Average attendance Pct. change Arizona 21 595,789 28,371 21 592,304 28,205 - 0.6 % Atlanta 14 423,388 30,242 14
338,695 24,193 - 20.0 % Baltimore 20 468,390 23,420 20 449,956 22,498 - 3.9 % Boston 17 639,498 37,618 17 641,776 37,752 0.4 % Chi. Cubs 14 558,647 39,903 14 552,096 39,435 - 1.2 % Chi .
White Sox 16 404,803 25,300 16 398,804 24,925 - 1.5 % Cincinnati 16 340,700 21,294 16 348,097 21,756 2.2 % Cleveland 15 349,033 23,269 15 323,150 21,543 - 7.4 % Colorado 14 469,379 33,527 14 398,699 28,479 - 15.1 % Detroit 13 474,480 36,498 13 346,296 26,638 - 27.0 % Florida 13 191,740 14,749 13 265,363 20,413 38.4 % Houston 18 606,955 33,720 18 528,954 29,386 - 12.9 % Kansas City 17 296,011 17,412 17 340,625 20,037 15.1 % L.A. Angels 17 671,207 39,483 17 708,993 41,705 5.6 % L.A. Dodgers 17 792,582 46,622 17 723,833 42,578 - 8.7 % Milwaukee 16 566,491 35,406 16 585,302 36,581 3.3 % Minnesota 20 515,630 25,782 20 496,956 24,848 - 3.6 % N.Y .
Mets 17 849,903 49,994 17 651,439 38,320 - 23.4 % N.Y .
Yankees 13 657,178 50,552 13 579,020 44,540 - 11.9 % Oakland 16 329,997 20,625 16 298,330 18,646 - 9.6 % Philadelphia 17 659,092 38,770 17 726,402 42,730 10.2 % Pittsburgh 14 216,923 15,495 14 222,586 15,899 2.6 % San Diego 14 421,477 30,106 14 362,658 25,904 - 14.0 % Seattle 14 383,667 27,405 14 356,377 25,456 - 7.1 %
San Francisco 14 475,189 33,942 14 477,019 34,073 0.4 % St. Louis 17 681,783 40,105 17 666,625 39,213 - 2.2 % Tampa Bay 13 212,498 16,346 13 343,365 26,413 61.6 % Texas 14 297,908 21,279 14 317,583 22,685 6.6 % Toronto 15 396,831 26,455 15 300,217 20,014 - 24.3 % Washington 13 389,451 29,958 13 252,320 19,409 - 35.2 % Totals 469 14,336,620 30,568 469 13,593,840 28,985 - 5.2 % Note : The Yankees and Mets opened new stadiums .
The percent full capacity at Mets ' Citi Field is higher in 2009 than 2008 , but overall attendance down because the stadium has about 15,000 fewer seats .
Source : Baseball - Reference.com
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Oh Craigslist ... so many idiots .
Case in point : some dude is trying to pass off an ancient IBM PC running Windows 3.11 as being " ideal for home or office " and " a great deal " at $ 500 .
For sale - IBM PC - compatible computer .
486/33MHz custom - build computer running Phoenix BIOS , 80 MB hard disk - drive , 640 K of base RAM and 384 K of extended RAM installed .
Comes with DOS 5.0 and Windows 3.11 For Workgroups and a two - button mouse .
Turbo feature still working 100 % functional .
Great for when you need speed boost .
Upgraded graphics to a SVGA 800x600 card that is VESA - compliant and can display 16.7 million colors !!!
New -ish 14 " monitor .
Windows 3.11 has MS Paint , Notepad text editing app , and Norton Desktop .
Also , 14.4 modem and a trial subscription to both CompuServe and AOL ( 2.5 software pre-installed ) .
5.25 " / 3.5 " dual drive with an open bay in the case if you want to put in a CD - ROM disk drive too .
Have plenty of diskettes of shareware including Netscape Navigator , Mosaic browser , and Castle Wolfenstein 3 - D!
Already has Sim City , SimEarth , Sim Ant , and Sim Tower and Front Page Sports Football .
Canon BubbleJet printer with spare cartridge .
Will print all Post - Script and TrueType fonts .
Need to make room in my den for a new Pentium computer that I 'm getting .
I built this computer for over $ 700 so it 's a great deal .
Wow , $ 700 ... really ?
Did he build it in 1990 or are we talking pesos here ?
[ Craigslist / Thanks Ponies !]
Advertisement
UPDATE : One of our readers claims to have contacted the seller and received the following response :
Sorry for delay .
My Eudora setting was messed up .
No .
Is real sale .
I need money to buy new Pentium computer that will run the new Windows 95 program .
Is supposed to be better than Windows 3 but I do n't know .
Am too used to finding things in Program Manager .
The modem is real fast ( by US Robotics ) and is much faster than 9600 baud .
Even though is 14.4 , I got it to run at 28.8 with a program i downloaded .
Am willing to lower ask to $ 300 for if you have a Apple Mackintosh Quadra ( 850 preferable ) .
Also , do n't worry if you do n't like Eudora .
I have Netscape Communicator Gold although I just use the browser on it because it reads GIF images and JPG images .
Advertisement
Yeah , this has got to be a lame joke .
Ether that , or we are talking to a time traveler from 20 years ago .
[ Thanks Rob ! ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama says he is confident that Israel will recognise that a two - state solution is in the best interests of its security .
Speaking after White House talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas , Mr Obama again urged Israel to freeze settlement expansion .
Israel has insisted it will allow existing settlements to expand , despite pressure from Washington .
President Obama also said Palestinians must rein in anti-Israeli violence .
This new US President , Barack Obama , is unlike any that an Israeli leader has faced before
Jonathan Marcus
BBC diplomatic correspondent
Analysis : Obama put to the test
For his part , Mr Abbas said he was committed to all obligations under the Mid-East peace plan " roadmap " .
However , without a halt to Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank , the Palestinians have said there can be no progress towards peace .
' Israel 's interests '
Mr Obama said he was a " strong believer in a two - state solution " and believed Israel would recognise that it was in the best interests of its long - term security .
WEST BANK SETTLEMENTS
Construction of settlements began in 1967 , shortly after the Six Day War Some 280,000 Israelis now live in the 121 officially - recognised settlements in the West Bank A further 190,000 Israelis live in settlements in Palestinian East Jerusalem
The largest West Bank settlement is Maale Adumim , where more than 30,000 people were living in 2005
There are 102 unauthorised outposts which are not officially sanctioned by Israel Source : Peace Now He said it was important for all countries , but particularly Arab states , to be supportive of the two - state solution .
" I am confident that we can move this forward if all parties are ready to meet their obligations , " he said .
Mr Abbas said the need for progress in the stalled process was urgent .
He added that " time is of the essence " - a phrase also used by Mr Obama .
He said that he had shared ideas with Mr Obama based on the 2003 peace plan and the 2002 Saudi peace plan supported by the Arab league .
Under the US - backed 2003 roadmap to peace , Israel is obliged to end all settlement activity , specifically including natural growth .
The plan also requires the Palestinian Authority to crack down on militants who seek to attack Israelis .
President Obama said he had been " very clear " in his meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last week on the need to " stop settlements " .
Mr Netanyahu later said no new settlements would be built but natural growth in existing settlements should be allowed .
SETTLEMENT GROWTH 2006 - 2009 4,560 new housing units constructed in West Bank ( excluding E Jerusalem ) Tenders issued for 1,523 new housing units in West Bank ( excluding E Jerusalem )
Tenders issued for 2,437 new housing units in E Jerusalem 40 % of all construction was east of West Bank barrier 560 new structures built in unauthorised outposts Figures refer to term of former PM Ehud Olmert , Jan 2006 to Jan 2009 Source : Peace Now In figures : Since Annapolis
The BBC's Justin Webb in Washington says Mr Obama 's public reiteration of his view - a day after his Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had laid it out only to have it shot down by the Israeli government - has raised eyebrows in Washington .
Ahead of his visit to the Middle East next week , Mr Obama has put Mr Netanyahu on notice that this White House has a firm agenda of its own , our correspondent adds .
Stalled talks
The White House meeting between the two leaders is part of an effort by the Obama administration to restart stalled peace talks .
Mr Obama has already met King Abdullah of Jordan and Mr Netanyahu .
He plans to meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo on 4 June .
Earlier on Thursday , Mrs Clinton said Washington was pushing for a two - state solution in the Middle East as it was in the " best interests " of both the Palestinians and Israelis .
Speaking after a dinner with Mr Abbas , she said : " We believe strongly in a two - state solution . "
However , Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said on Thursday that Israel would continue to allow some construction in West Bank settlements despite US calls for a freeze on its work .
He said the fate of the settlements should be decided in peace talks with the Palestinians .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We at Tom's Hardware have been covering hardware and technology from all aspects of the industry for years .
However , there was always one big gap .
Going forward , Tom's Hardware will focus primarily on covering more Apple news .
Apple is a huge player in the industry now , no longer the one in the corner .
Several factors have contributed to this decision .
Here are our top 10 reasons for transitioning to all Apple content .
1. Built to order .
Who wants to build computers these days ?
Building your own computer is old school .
Going out and buying a pre-built Mac ?
That 's what 's in these days .
Especially if you get one that 's not upgradeable .
You will be the envy of others .
2. Upgrades .
Upgrade your hardware ?
Who wants that ?
No one .
Do n't upgrade .
This is too costly .
It 's better to invest heavily into a Mac , and then toss it out and buy a new one not too far into the future .
3. Choice .
It 's better to be told what you need , and have decisions made for you .
There are just too many good choices in hardware to choose from when looking at PCs .
Tom 's Hardware will eliminate the confusion .
Everyday , we 'll come up with new reasons for you to look at 3 desktop machines , and 4 main lines of laptops .
Desktops : Mac Mini , iMac , and Mac Pro
Laptops : MacBook , MacBook Pro 15 - inch , MacBook Pro 17 - inch and MacBook Air
All in all , a fantastic selection .
We realize they 're all cut from the same hardware that are available in more affordable PCs , but you simply cannot ignore the aluminum chassis , severely glossy laptop screens , and new Display Port in the Apple laptop that do n't really offer support anywhere yet .
But fear not , Apple has a Display Port LCD panel ready for purchase .
4. Cool - factor .
Realistically , it 's all about the " cool , " style , and looks .
Looks go a long way in computing .
When you 're cool , you work better , and play better .
Who does n't want to be cool ?
I can't find any logical reasons for number 4 , but Apple says so -- so that 's the way it is .
5. Reliability .
My MacBook Pro has a white blotch on the inside of the LCD screen on the left side of the laptop , and despite having an extended warranty , Apple refused to fix it , saying it was my fault -- so it must be true .
Besides , it 's just a big annoying blotch that 's always white .
I can live with it because the aluminum chassis is really pretty .
6. Compatibility .
Who says Macs are n't compatible ?
I can run Windows XP or Vista on my Mac .
And when it comes to hardware ?
I can attach any USB keyboard or mouse to my Mac no problems -- and I 'll get more than 1 button for my mouse .
What about high performance video cards for gaming ?
The Nvidia GeForce GT 120 that comes with the Mac Pro is great .
I do n't need to have SLI or anything fancy to play the latest games -- since they 're not available for Mac anyway .
Problem solved !
7. Macs hold roughly 10 - percent of the market .
Collaboration is key .
All my friends use Macs .
Actually , no , they all use home built PCs that cost less .
But their quad - core , SLI , fully customized systems that can play the latest games can't hold a candle to the aluminum chassis of my iMac .
8. Cutting edge hardware .
Apple always puts the latest gear in its computers .
Do n't think the GeForce GT 120 is the latest in graphics hardware ?
Just cut back on all the latest games .
With the savings you get on not being able to play the latest games , you can put that back into upgrading to not just two , but four GeForce GT 120's for the Mac Pro !
You ca n't SLI them , so it 's a total waste of money , but you can play older games and manage pictures in iPhoto , create a neat website in iWeb and talk to your buddies using iChat - - all at the same time .
Do that with Call of Duty 2 maximized .
9 . It just works .
When you buy a Mac , everything just works -- right out of the box .
Even though my first MacBook Pro had both internal fans die on me in a month and I had to have it repaired , it really did work when I got it ...
10 . Price .
We 're in a recession .
It 's time to help out by spending more than necessary .
$ 1100 for 8 GB of RAM ?
Now we 're talking economic stimulus .
April fools .
We 'll be back to our regular news programming shortly .
/ Tuan " MacFanBoy " Nguyen
Director , News Operations
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
More than 100 people were arrested in a dawn raid today over an alleged attack being planned on a coal - fired power station .
Scores of officers from Nottinghamshire police swooped on a privately - run school in the Nottingham suburb of Sneinton in a coordinated operation .
Officers from the neighbouring Derbyshire and Leicestershire forces were drafted in to help with the raid and both forces are providing custody spaces for those arrested .
Officers who raided the independent Iona School in Sneinton , Nottingham , said the protesters would have posed " a serious threat " to the safe running of Ratcliffe - on - Soar power station .
A spokesman for Nottinghamshire police said specialist equipment recovered during the raid led them to believe the power station was the intended target .
He said : " Just after midnight tonight , Nottinghamshire police arrested 114 men and women from across the UK on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass and criminal damage . "
A spokeswoman for E.on , which runs the power station at the centre of the alleged plot , said : " We can confirm that Ratcliffe power station was the planned target of an organised protest during the early hours of this morning .
" While we understand that everyone has a right to protest peacefully and lawfully , this was clearly neither of those things so we will be assisting the police with their investigations into what could have been a very dangerous and irresponsible attempt to disrupt an operational power plant . "
Nottinghamshire police said 114 people were held on suspicion of conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass and criminal damage at a power industry facility .
Police refused to comment further on the circumstances surrounding the arrests .
Residents reported seeing more than 20 police vans surrounding a complex of buildings near the Bakersfield community centre in Sneinton just after midnight .
Nottingham city councillor David Mellen said the police raided the school as the result of " an intelligence - led operation " .
He said : " I do n't know whether it was the school itself being used or the car park .
Neighbours reported a lot of noise after midnight .
It seems to have been used as a rendezvous for people from a wide area . "
One eyewitness told the Nottingham Evening Post : " I was leaving my house when I noticed a long steady line of traffic coming towards and passing me .
It seemed very strange , as the vehicles got closer and started to pass me I noticed every single one was either a police car or police vans .
" I counted around 20 - plus police vans all one after the other with police cars at the rear of the brigade . "
Another witness told the newspaper what happened after the van surrounded the building : " The police jumped out and were running up to the school behind the community centre .
Then the police brought out groups of people , who were singing ' We will be back again ' . "
Today , the Ratcliffe - on - Soar power station , located eight miles south west of Nottingham , was being protected by police patrols .
It has been targeted by protesters before .
Eleven people from the Nottingham - based Eastside Climate Action were arrested in April 2007 after chaining themselves to buildings and equipment on the site .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Smoking in youth - rated movies has not declined despite a pledge two years ago by Hollywood studios to encourage producers to show less " gratuitous smoking , " according to an anti-smoking group .
The American Medical Association Alliance has been trying to get movie studios to make smoking - free films .
The American Medical Association Alliance , pointing to research that big - screen smoking leads teens to pick up the tobacco habit , called for an R rating for any movie with smoking scenes .
The head of the group that gives U.S. movies their ratings , however , said the smoke has been clearing from youth - rated movies , a result of the film industry 's sensitivity to the issue .
The alliance , the medical association 's advocacy arm , launched a summer campaign this week aimed at publicly shaming studios into making smoke - free films .
" Research has shown that one - third to one - half of all young smokers in the United States can be attributed to smoking these youth see in movies , " said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , head of the Los Angeles County Public Health Department .
Fielding cited another study that he said " found that adolescents whose favorite movie stars smoked on screen are significantly more likely to be smokers themselves and to have a more accepting attitude toward smoking . "
The Motion Picture Association of America , the industry group that issues ratings and parental guidance for U.S. films , added smoking scenes as a factor in ratings two years ago , but Fielding said it has not made a difference .
" In all , 56 percent of the top box office movies with smoking released between May 2007 and May 2009 were youth - rated films -- G , PG or PG - 13 , " he said .
Joan Graves , who chairs the Motion Picture Association 's movie rating committee , offered her own statistics , based on all of the 900 films rated each year , not just the top movies included in Fielding 's numbers .
The association has given no G ratings in the past two years to a movie with smoking , Graves said .
Overall , 55 percent of the movies rated in the past two years showed some smoking , but 75 percent of those with smoking scenes were given R ratings , Graves said .
Twenty - one percent were rated PG - 13 and the remaining 5 percent were PG , she said .
A G movie is deemed suitable for all audiences , while a PG rating is a signal to parents that a film may include some material they might consider inappropriate for children .
PG - 13 indicates a stronger warning that some material may be inappropriate for children under 13 .
No one under 17 can be admitted to see an R movie without a parent or guardian .
American Medical Association Alliance President Sandi Frost used as her chief example of a movie with " gratuitous smoking " this month 's blockbuster " X - Men Origins : Wolverine , " which was rated PG - 13 " for intense sequences of action and violence , and some partial nudity . "
" Millions of children have been exposed to the main star of the film , Hugh Jackman , with a cigar in his mouth in various scenes , " Frost said .
" I 'm willing to bet that not one child would have enjoyed that movie or Mr. Jackman 's performance any less if he had n't been smoking . "
A spokesman for Twentieth Century Fox , the studio responsible for the Wolverine movie series , said Jackman 's cigar was never lit and it was limited to just two scenes .
In one scene , the cigar is shot out of his mouth , prompting Jackman 's Wolverine character to suggest its loss would lead to clean living -- an anti-smoking statement -- the studio spokesman said .
He said that while the Wolverine character has a cigar in his mouth in almost every panel of the comic book series , producers made " a conscious decision " to limit the cigar in the movie .
The American Medical Association Alliance , hoping to draw studio executives ' attention , hired a mobile billboard to drive around the major studios this week .
" The billboard shows a teenage girl asking the question , ' Which movie studios will cause me to smoke this summer ? ' " Frost said .
The alliance will keep an online scorecard throughout the summer to count " how many tobacco impressions each studio delivers to G , PG and PG - 13 audiences , " she said .
" At the end of the summer , whichever studio has delivered the most tobacco impressions to youth audiences will be named in a billboard that will run outside of their headquarters , " she said .
Motion Picture Association of America spokeswoman Angela Martinez said the group " is very sensitive to the concerns of parents about the purpose of the rating systems . "
" It 's reflective of society , " Martinez said .
" It 's really a tool for parents to help determine what their kids see . "
They began factoring smoking scenes into the ratings two years ago as " a reflection of changes in society and health concerns , " she said .
" Smoking is rated like all the other factors , including violence and sex , " she said .
Fielding said it should be absolute -- and not just a factor .
" Any movie with smoking should be rated R , " he said .
" And if they worry about an R rating hurting their profits , then they should work with studios to remove smoking from films that hurt youth . "
Graves , whose committee makes the decisions , indicated such a zero - tolerance policy would not be accepted .
All About Smoking • Movies • Motion Picture Association of America
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Teens have long used YouTube to post videos of themselves doing gags , but in the case of some Dominos employees from North Carolina , uploading clips cost them their jobs in less than a day thanks to the viral power of social media .
Consumer watchdog blog
The Consumerist wrote about the clips yesterday , which showed the employees doing gross things to food while on the job ; repulsed viewers worked to narrow down the store location , alerted the manager and got in touch with Dominos ’ corporate office .
The two teens took the videos down , but the damage had already been done : this morning , Dominos ’ VP of communications Tim McIntyre told Consumerist readers via email that the franchise owner would be “ terminating their employment today . ”
It ’s a testament to how social media can force major corporations to act much faster than they might otherwise in an effort to do damage control .
From the “ Amazon Fail ” mess the book retailer is trying to clean up now , to the Twitter firestorm that erupted last November around Motrin ’s baby - carrier ads ( via the NYT ) , consumers are turning to resources like Twitter , YouTube and blogs to hold companies accountable for their ad campaigns , unruly employees and other actions — and in record time .
One of the gross - out clips is embedded after the jump .
At Caktus , we rely heavily on automated testing for web app development .
We create tests for all the code we write , ideally before the code is written .
We create tests for every bug we find and , resources permitting , ramp up the test suite with lots of random input and boundary testing .
Debugging concurrency issues or race conditions has long been a nightmare .
There are only so many times you can double click the link in your web app that is generating some bizarre failure .
Using the Django test client , I created a little decorator that you can use in your unit tests to make sure a view does n't blow up when it 's called multiple times with the same arguments .
If it does blow up , and you happen to be using PostgreSQL , chances are you can fix the issues by using Colin 's previously posted require_lock decorator .
Here 's the decorator for testing concurrency :
import threading def test_concurrently ( times ) : " " " Add this decorator to small pieces of code that you want to test concurrently to make sure they do n't raise exceptions when run at the same time .
E.g. , some Django views that do a SELECT and then a subsequent INSERT might fail when the INSERT assumes that the data has not changed since the SELECT . " " " def test_concurrently_decorator ( test_func ) : def wrapper ( * args , ** kwargs ) : exceptions = [ ] def call_test_func ( ) : try : test_func ( * args , ** kwargs ) except Exception , e : exceptions .
append ( e ) raise threads = [ ] for i in range ( times ) : threads .
append ( threading .
Thread ( target = call_test_func ) ) for t in threads : t . start ( ) for t in threads : t . join ( ) if exceptions : raise Exception ( ' test_concurrently intercepted %s exceptions : %s ' % ( len ( exceptions ) , exceptions ) ) return wrapper return test_concurrently_decorator
To use this in a test , create a small function that includes the thread - safe code inside your test .
Apply the decorator , passing the number of times you want to run the code simultaneously , and then call the function :
Former CIA chief Goss calls Pelosi “ a shameless liar ”
Former CIA Director Porter Goss came out blasting about waterboarding last Friday .
Contrary to what Pelosi says on this video clip , there ’s no question about what she knew nor when she knew it .
Here ’s the statement from Goss .
It ’s remarkably unlike the diplomatic pablum normally served up in Washington , DC :
Today , I am slack - jawed to read that members claim to have not understood that the techniques on which they were briefed were to actually be employed ; or that specific techniques such as “ waterboarding ” were never mentioned .
It must be hard for most Americans of common sense to imagine how a member of Congress can forget being told about the interrogations of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed .
In that case , though , perhaps it is not amnesia but political expedience .
Let me be clear .
It is my recollection that : – The chairs and the ranking minority members of the House and Senate intelligence committees , known as the Gang of Four , were briefed that the CIA was holding and interrogating high - value terrorists .
–
We understood what the CIA was doing .
–
We gave the CIA our bipartisan support .
–
We gave the CIA funding to carry out its activities .
–
On a bipartisan basis , we asked if the CIA needed more support from Congress to carry out its mission against al - Qaeda .
I do not recall a single objection from my colleagues .
When Goss refers to the ranking Democratic member on the House intel committee , he means none other than Pelosi .
Pelosi ’s video is the least sincere sounding denial to come out of Washington , DC since Bill Clinton said , “ I did not have sex with that woman . ”
Source : HotAir.com
Okay , I will admit to a bias up front .
I am not a fan of Miley Cyrus .
Nothing personal , I just do n’t care for her speaking voice and the few times I ’ve seen her perform , it was always a bit flat and off .
That ’s just me , however .
My niece , of course , assures me that she is , in fact , quite the bee ’s knees .
Cognizant as I am , therefore , of her effect on the youth of America , I find it somewhat disheartening to read the constant string of Miley stories that seem to fling themselves like monkey poo at the zoo across the headline .
The paparazzi - derived stories one can understand as they are beyond her control , but how many stories can one personally have regarding stupid behavior on the internet before she finally gets the message ?!?
Time will tell I suppose …
In lighter news , I was doinking the the StumbleUpon button last night and happened upon a comic gem !
It ’s a great comic that speaks strongly to the cyclist in me .
Sadly it ’s on hiatus for another couple weeks , but that just means you have time to check out the archives and get to know the folks at the Kickstand Cyclery !
US aerospace mammoth Boeing has made a bold announcement , saying that it will " transform naval warfare in the next decade " by developing powerful warship raygun turrets able to blast enemy missiles and aircraft out of the sky from afar .
The arms globocorp said yesterday that it has been awarded an initial $ 6.9 m contract in a deal potentially worth as much as $ 169 m , to develop a prototype Free Electron Laser ( FEL ) beam cannon .
Boeing say that this will provide an " ultra - precise , speed - of - light capability and unlimited magazine depth to defend ships against new , challenging threats , such as hyper - velocity cruise missiles " , and that " FELs are capable of achieving the megawatt power the Navy requires for ship defense " .
" It will be a cornerstone of the Navy 's plan to incorporate directed energy systems into its future all - electric ship architecture , " adds Boeing missile - buster veep Greg Hyslop .
This is impressive stuff .
The existing , jumbo - jet mounted Airborne Laser - shortly to enter flight tests , though with its future now highly uncertain - is said to offer " megawatt class " power , and to be capable of exploding liquid - fuelled ICBMs from as far off as 400 km .
It runs on dangerous toxic chemicals , however , meaning that its magazine capacity is severely limited .
Boeing now say that they will produce a megawatt blaster cannon able to run on electricity ( FELs work by passing electrons through magnetic fields ) .
Thus , it would presumably be able to blast missiles or planes out to at least a hundred miles or so , as soon as they appeared above the horizon - the more so as FELs are tunable , better able to cope with spray , clouds and the like .
Even better , the US Navy plans its next generation of warships to use electric transmissions for their propellors , meaning that the whole mighty power of their engines could be used by electrical weapon systems on occasion ( at the cost of briefly losing propulsion ) .
The proposed Zumwalt class destroyers , for instance , would have up to 80 megawatts available - enough to run several FEL raygun turrets , even at the low efficiencies typical of directed energy weapons .
That sort of thing would indeed transform naval surface warfare , where at the moment aircraft and ship - killer missiles are king .
If an enemy can get close enough to send a volley of supersonic sea-skimmers in over the horizon at your fleet ( in other words , if you do n't control the skies with airborne radar and fighters ) , then you 're in trouble .
You just have to pray that interceptor missiles will be able to achieve head - on kills at closing speeds in excess of Mach 5 , within metres of the wave tops and within seconds of getting a radar lock on the sea- skimmers : a risky and very expensive proposition .
[ Creative Commons photo by sarae ]
Your dishwasher is spic and span , and it ’s starting to make your cluttered refrigerator look a little bit …well … gross .
Do n’t despair !
We ’ve got you covered with some Earth - friendly fridge - cleaning tips .
Not only does cleaning out the fridge keep things sanitary , you can do your part to make it more energy efficient !
To do this properly , you ’ll need a spray bottle of water with a bit of white vinegar mixed into it , some baking soda , a dust buster or vacuum with a hose attachment , a cooler , and a few rags :
Move the fridge a few feet away from the wall , and unplug it .
Pull everything out of the fridge and freezer .
See what you can keep , what should go in the compost pile , and what just needs to be pitched .
If you have to toss anything , you might take a peek to see if the container it was in can be reused or recycled .
If you ’re hanging on to things that might melt or spoil during the cleaning process , toss that stuff into the cooler .
Pull the shelves out of the fridge and freezer .
Spray down the inside with your vinegar and water mixture and wipe things down .
Once you get all the gunk out of there , use a fresh rag to wipe out any excess moisture .
Make a paste out of the baking soda and a little bit of water .
Use the paste to scrub the shelves .
Give them a good rinse and dry them with clean rags before you put them back into the fridge and freezer .
Grab your dust buster or vacuum , and clean behind the refrigerator .
You want to also vacuum out the coils back there .
This will help the cooling mechanism work up to 30 % more efficiently !
Plug it back in , and slide the fridge back against the wall , leaving about 2 ″ of “ breathing space . ”
You ’re ready to put all of the food back in !
While you ’re in there , take a peek at the temperature of the fridge and the freezer .
The fridge should be between 35 and 38 degrees Fahrenheit .
Keeping the fridge too cold wastes a ton of energy .
The freezer is fine betwen zero and five degrees Fahrenheit .
You ’ll also want to make sure the fridge and freezer are full , but not so full that air ca n’t circulate between food items .
A good amount of cold items helps retain the cold temperature when you open the door , so your fridge and freezer wo n’t use as much energy getting things back to the set temperature .
Top Ten Wrong Ideas About Vikings
1. Vikings were a nation .
Vikings were not a nation as such , but groups of warriors , explorers and merchants led by a chieftain .
As often as not , in the expeditions to the West , Vikings were Norwegians , Danes and Swedes , but also anyone who joined them .
The point is that the Old Norse word víkingr denoted not a nationality , but occupation : a Viking was anyone who took part in an overseas expedition .
2. Vikings wore horned helmets .
Gjermundbu helmet , the only extant authentic Viking helmet , does not have horns .
No depiction of Viking helmets dating to the Viking Age represents horned patterns .
There are two or three representations of ritual processions where warriors wear helmets with protrusions ending with stylized bird heads or resembling to snakes , but even the ritual use of the horned helmets by Vikings remains unproven .
3. Vikings ’ preferred weapon was a massive double axe .
Vikings did use axes in battle , as the Lindisfarne tombstone graphically illustrates .
However , they were of a very different type than suggested in the modern popular culture .
It should be remembered that no double - headed axe has ever been found from early medieval Europe .
Viking axes were light and used single - handed .
The most common weapons found on Viking sites are spears .
4. Vikings had tresses .
As for hairstyle , to proclaim their Viking roots , Norman men shaved the back half of their head entirely , behind a line drawn from over the crown from ear to ear .
On the front half of the head , forward of this line , the hair was left to grow long .
There is an 11th - century letter in Old English , which mentions “ Danish fashion with bared neck and blinded eyes . ”
There is no historical evidence of Vikings wearing tresses .
5 . Viking armies were huge .
The sources cite wild numbers for the size of Viking armies .
P. Sawyer noted that they could be more specific on the size of the fleets .
On the basis of the archeological evidence for the size of the boats , he suggested that Viking ships may have held fifty to sixty men .
It means that Viking armies have to be numbered in the hundreds , not even in the thousands .
6 . Vikings were exceptionally cruel and bloodthirsty .
Vikings indeed were sometimes very violent .
However , the question is whether Christian armies of the time acted in any substantially different manner .
For instance , Charlemagne , who was Vikings ’ contemporary , virtually exterminated the whole people of Avars .
At Verden , he ordered the beheading of 4,500 Saxons .
Vikings certainly were not as bloodthirsty as many Christians of their time .
7. Abroad , Vikings did nothing except fighting and pillaging .
Vikings did pillage many lands .
However , plunder was only one among many other goals of their overseas expeditions .
Vikings peacefully colonised Iceland , Greenland and many smaller islands .
As explorers they crossed the Atlantic and reached America 500 years before Columbus .
As international merchants of their time , they also peacefully traded with almost every country of the then known world .
8. Vikings used human skulls as drinking vessels .
This misconception goes back to Runer seu Danica literatura antiquissima by Ole Worm , published in 1636 and reprinted in 1651 .
There the phrase saying that the Danes drink ór bjúgviðum hausa ( “ from the curved branches of skulls , ” that is from horns ) was translated into Latin as ex craniis eorum quos ceciderunt ( “ from the skulls of those whom they had slain ” ) .
9 . Vikings were unclean .
In England , because of their custom of bathing every Saturday , Vikings had a reputation of excessive cleanness .
Ibn Rustah , a 10th century Persian explorer , explicitly notes the eastern Vikings ’ cleanness .
During excavations of Viking sites , combs are among the most frequent objects found .
Vikings used tweezers , razors and special “ ear spoons ” to keep their ears clean .
They also produced soap .
10 . Viking ship from Oseberg was a war ship .
Oseberg ship is a very well preserved Viking ship found in a burial mound in Norway .
In modern popular culture Vikings are often depicted crossing oceans and engaging in battles on ships that are copies of the Oseberg ship .
However , her freebord is so low and the scantings so light that she could be nothing more than a ceremonial vessel that never left coastal waters .
Sketch by Repoort .
Used under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic Licence .
Why I 'll NEVER trust a man who says he's had the contraceptive jab ... and neither should any girl
Wonderful creatures :
But can men be trusted to take the contraceptive injection
Men are wonderful creatures , but they are not to be relied upon .
Even some of life 's simplest things are apparently beyond them .
Remembering your favourite flower is one of them ; washing the dishes before the sink is overflowing with dirty ones is another - as is doing the housework , without constantly complaining about how much they do around the house ; and multi-tasking , unless it involves watching football , drinking beer , shouting at the TV , then watching the game all over again on Match Of The Day .
And , above all , you certainly cannot rely on a man for contraception .
So the story this week that a new male contraceptive jab could transform women 's lives , free them from the tyranny of unwanted pregnancies and mean men taking equal responsibility over contraception , is simply absurd .
It just wo n't happen .
Does anyone seriously think men will be lining up to have a monthly injection which halts their sperm production ?
This is fundamental to how men judge their masculinity .
Even if you look at the medical research programme that put this jab to the test there are clear signs of the problems .
The men who completed the trial had the injection for two - and - a - half years .
Their women partners were in the peak childbearing age of 18 to 38 .
Just over one in 100 conceived , about the same rate as when women are on the Pill .
But of the 1,000 men who took part , almost a third dropped out - and they were being paid to have the injections .
And bear in mind that this male contraceptive depends on the man administering the injection himself into his buttocks - nothing as simple as just taking a pill .
Without being too indelicate , there 's also the question of proof .
How on earth can a woman know that the man really has had the injection ?
Imagine the scenario : boy meets girl , and , like so many young women now , she does n't know the man particularly well .
As they strip and get into bed , she asks him if he has ' brought anything ' .
He says : ' Do n't worry , I 've had the jab . '
What woman in her right mind would believe that ?
At least you can see a condom with your own eyes .
Or would they issue sperm - free certificates for men to carry around with their driving licences to prove they 're up to date with their jabs ?
But most important of all , you can't buck human nature .
Deep inside every man who still has his own hair and teeth , and even those who do n't , is a sexual predator who will have sex anywhere , anytime , if he can .
Of course , for many of them the sexual encounters are with their wives .
But wife or no wife , the urge for sex with other women never leaves them .
And I 'm sorry to say that sometimes they will fib to get what they want .
The first teenage girl I knew who got pregnant was at my school in Australia - Penrhos Methodist Ladies ' College .
Ladies in name if not always in deed .
We knew boys only had one thing on their minds , and they 'd lie and cheat to get it .
So when Susannah , aged just 15 , was found sobbing in the loo , we stood around in utter astonishment .
Nasty girls knew how to protect themselves .
Nice girls did n't get pregnant because they knew the risks .
Worry :
What if a man has forgotten to inject himself but still has sex ?
' But how ? ' we cried .
' How did it happen ? '
Pouring out her breaking little heart , Susannah began : ' We were in the back of his Ford pick - up . . .'
' No , why did you let him ? '
' He said he was impotent - at first I thought he said ' important ' and I said I already knew that , but then he said : ' No , impotent ' , that he'd had these tests and he could n't get me pregnant . '
Never mind teenagers not knowing the difference between ' impotent ' and ' infertile ' , we 'd been warned against the old ' I shoot blanks ' line from an early age .
And the one about not needing a condom because he knew when to withdraw .
Or that you could n't get pregnant if you did it standing up .
Predatory men will say anything when they want sex , and no feminisation of the male of the species , no amount of getting in touch with their feelings , no degrees of respecting women , has changed that .
So why would any woman believe a man when he says he's had the male jab ?
And if sensible women wo n't believe him , there is little advantage to him having the injections !
The other major problem with male contraception today is there is no longer any stigma attached to ' getting a girl pregnant ' .
There was a time when the shame and responsibility were so great , a boy would have to marry the girl to make a decent woman of her .
That was a powerful form of contraception in itself .
Then feminism came and went , abortions became increasingly available - as did the Pill - and girls started bringing up children on their own .
But at least the fathers were still expected to pay towards the upkeep of their kids .
Now we have an entire youth underclass who will never get a job and will live their lives on benefits .
Not only will the father not have to pay for the care of the woman or children , they will also stand a better chance of getting a council house .
The state rewards you for having babies and society does not judge .
Can they be trusted ?
Some of the simplest things in life are apparently beyond them
In such a climate , there is even less incentive for the man to take the injection .
Why bother if he faces no sanction if he gets a woman pregnant ?
More sinister still is the effect this male contraceptive jab would have on young women and their fertility , given the current explosion of sexually transmitted diseases .
Diseases such as chlamydia are spreading rapidly and can leave women unable to have children .
At least with a condom the girl is offered some degree of protection from disease .
But with this jab , there would be no such protection .
The Pill definitely emancipated women , because it put control of pregnancy in their hands and theirs alone .
It changed the world , mostly for the better .
It satisfied a woman 's natural desire to take control of her body , to no longer be at the mercy of a man 's passion - or her own - and the consequences of unwanted pregnancies .
Being able to control when and with whom we have children is one of the greatest liberators in women 's history , and we would not give it up lightly .
I have few doubts these jabs could work in a faithful , loving , trusting , long - term relationship , provided the man has no issues about his masculinity , no fear of needles and no concern over his fertility .
Now , how many men do you know like that ?
Is there anything left in life that is n’t linked in some way to cancer ?
Not hot tea apparently .
An international group of scientists has now connected it with esophageal cancer .
The problem does n’t appear to be the tea itself , but the temperature at which it is consumed , their study found .
Residents of Golestan province in northern Iran have one of the highest rates of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in the world .
They do n’t drink alcohol or smoke -- the two primary risk factors for the disease in the West -- but they do consume tea .
Lots of it .
Nearly 1.2 liters per day , on average .
So local researchers set out looking for a connection .
They recruited 300 esophageal cancer patients who were diagnosed at the only gastrointestinal specialty clinic in the eastern part of Golestan and matched them up with 571 healthy controls who shared their age , gender and place of residence .
All but one of them drank tea , and they gave interviewers information about their tea consumption and brewing habits .
Advertisement
Teaming up with investigators from the U.S. , England , France and Sweden , the researchers calculated that people who said they drank “ hot ” tea ( 149 to 156 degrees Fahrenheit ) were more than twice as likely to develop esophageal cancer as people who said they drank the beverage “ warm ” or “ lukewarm ” ( less than 140 degrees ) .
Those who said they took their tea “ very hot ” ( at least 158 degrees ) were more than eight times as likely to get esophageal cancer , according to the study , published online Thursday in BMJ , formerly the British Medical Journal .
The researchers also asked people how long they waited to drink their tea after pouring it .
Those who said they waited two to three minutes were nearly 2.5 times more likely to develop the cancer compared with people who said they waited at least four minutes .
Impatient tea drinkers who waited less than two minutes were 5.4 times as likely to be diagnosed with esophageal cancer , the study found .
The study did n’t assess the mechanism linking hot tea to esophageal cancer , but the researchers said the temperature of the liquid was almost certainly to blame rather than the compounds in the tea itself .
In an editorial accompanying the study , David Whiteman of the Queensland Institute of Medical Research in Brisbane , Australia , advised tea drinkers to simply exercise some patience before enjoying their favorite beverage .
Advertisement
“ It is difficult to imagine any adverse consequences of waiting at least four minutes before drinking a cup of freshly boiled tea , or more generally allowing foods and beverages to cool from ‘ scalding ’ to ‘ tolerable ’ before swallowing , ” he wrote .
--
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Posted on December 18th , 2008
Torture has received the most attention among the many war crimes of the Bush administration .
But those who support Bush�s pursuit of the " war on terror " have not been impressed by recriminations over torture .
Worse than torture are the murders of at least 50 prisoners in Abu Ghraib , Afghanistan , and Guant�namo , but again the hard - hearted are unimpressed when those whom they perceive as terrorists receive illegal extrajudicial capital punishment .
The case for abusing children , however , is more difficult to support .
The best kept secret of the Bush�s war crimes is that thousands of children have been imprisoned , tortured , and otherwise denied rights under the Geneva Conventions and related international agreements .
Yet both Congress and the media have strangely failed to identify the very existence of child prisoners as a war crime .
In the Islamic world , however , there is no such silence .
Indeed , the prophet Mohammed was the first to counsel warriors not to harm innocent children .
The first example of war crimes against children , which are well documented , occurred during the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 , when the children�s hospital in Kabul was bombed , its patients thereby murdered , contrary to the Red Cross Convention of 1864 .
Other children were killed as " collateral damage " during the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , contrary to the Geneva Convention ban on indiscriminate killing in wartime , though numbers of dead are unknown .
During spring 2004 , during the assault on Falluja , Iraq , some 300 children , including peaceful demonstrators , were killed .
Their dead bodies were filmed live on al - Jazeera Television throughout the Arabic - speaking world .
In 2008 , the Bush administration reported to the UN - assisted Committee on the Rights of the Child that the United States from 2002 had detained 2,400 children in Iraq and 100 in Afghanistan , though another source claims that the figure for Afghanistan is at least 800 boys , aged 10 to 15 , from whom as many as 64 were sent to Guant�namo , of which there were 21 as of May 2008 .
That month , the Committee upbraided the United States for charging minors with war crimes instead of treating underage persons as victims of war .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed�s two children , aged 7 and 9 , were separately detained to intimidate him to confess .
While detained , several children have been brutalized and tortured .
At Abu Ghraib , American guards videotaped Iraqi male prisoners raping young boys but took no action to stop the offenses .
Perhaps the worst incident at Abu Ghraib involved a girl aged 12 or 13 who screamed for help to her brother in an upper cell while stripped naked and beaten .
Iraqi journalist Suhaib Badr - Addin al - Baz , who heard the girl�s screams , also witnessed an ill 15 - year - old who was forced to run up and down Abu Ghraib with two heavy cans of water and beaten whenever he stopped .
When he finally collapsed , guards stripped and poured cold water on him .
Finally , a hooded man was brought in .
When unhooded , the boy realized that the man was his father , who doubtless was being intimidated into confessing something upon sight of his brutalized son .
While General Hamid Zabar was being questioned in Iraq , his interrogators decided to arrest his frail 16 - year - old son in order to produce a confession .
After soldiers found the boy , he was stripped , drenched with mud and water , and exposed to the cold January night while bound and driven about in the open back of a truck .
When presented naked to his father , he was shivering due to hypothermia , clearly needing medical attention .
At least 25 war crimes refer specifically to child prisoners .
Among the crimes are the arbitrary transfer out of their home countries , leaving their parents to wonder whether they were dead .
When their locations were later revealed , parents were not allowed to contact them , even through the mail .
And family members knew nothing of Hassin Bin Attash�s extraordinary rendition experience in Jordan or Ahmad Bashir�s disappearance for two years in a secret prison .
Children have been incarcerated in the same quarters as adults , contrary to the Geneva Convention .
Subjected to solitary confinement , they are denied educational and recreational opportunities .
Indeed , one attorney was not allowed to give his client ( Omar Khadr ) a copy of " Lord of the Rings " or play dominoes with him ; another has been forbidden to supply his client ( Mohammed Jawad ) articles from the Internet .
After Captain James
Yee left Guant�namo on September 10 , 2003 , no Muslim chaplain has ever replaced him , so they have not been provided appropriate religious education .
Meanwhile , the authorities have refused to investigate or prosecute those who have abused children , and there have been no programs established to prevent prison mistreatment or to assist in their resulting post - traumatic stress .
They have been denied legal counsel and a statement of reasons for their confinement upon arrival in prison , held far beyond the " speedy trial " requirement under the Geneva Conventions , coerced into confessions that may be false , and denied available exculpatory evidence , including witnesses .
In 2003 , Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao gave a speech on behalf of the need to rehabilitate child soldiers from Burundi , Colombia , El Salvador , Sierra Leone , Sri Lanka , and Uganda .
While she spoke , several children were being abused at Guant�namo .
The most famous , Mohammed Jawad and Omar Khadr , are still being held for trial at Guant�namo .
Omar Khadr�s videotaped plea for his mommy and claims of torture has been seen on television worldwide .
While still wounded from battle in Afghanistan , Omar was interrogated many times , sometimes while hooded with dogs barking near him , so he confessed to stop the pain from his wounds .
During interrogation at Guant�namo , Omar was shackled to the floor in stress positions until he soiled himself .
His bound body was twice used as a mop to wipe his own urine mixed with pine oil after which he was refused a shower and a change of clothing .
He has also been administered a brutal beating while on a hunger strike , threatened with rape , and denied pain medication .
There is some puzzlement over the reason for imprisoning Mohammad Jawad .
Is it because , while at an American - run prison in Afghanistan in 2002 , he has claimed that he saw Americans murdering inmates ?
At Guant�namo , to deprive him of sleep in order to force some sort of confession , he was shifted from one cell to another more than 100 times during two weeks in May 2004 , and he remains in solitary confinement today .
When he showed up in court in 2008 , he was the first to wear leg shackles .
During his arraignment , the judge asked him whether he accepted the assigned military defense attorney as his lawyer .
After replying in the negative , the judge asked whether he knew another lawyer .
His reply to the Kafkaesque inquiry was " Since I don�t know any lawyer , how can I have them represent me ? . . .
I should be given freedom so that I can find a lawyer . "
His request to hunt for a lawyer was then denied .
The mistreatment of children is something not so funny that has been neglected on the road to investigations of and calls for prosecution of those responsible for torture .
George W. Bush has never been asked about the abuse of children in American - run prisons in the " war on terror . "
It is high time for Bush and others to be held accountable for what is arguably the most egregious of all their war crimes �the abuse and death of children , who should never have been arrested in the first place .
Back in March Google released a faster beta version of Chrome that boasted a 25 - 35 % speed boosts on benchmarking tests , and today those improvements — along with a few new features — are now officially available in the stable release of Chrome .
Advertisement
Apart from the speed and stability increases , Chrome users can also expect :
Improved New Tab Page :
The most requested feature from users was the ability to remove thumbnails from the New Tab page .
Now you can finally hide that embarrassing gossip blog from the Most Visited section .
Full Screen Mode :
If you 've ever given a presentation or watched a large video using Google Chrome , you might have wished you could use every last pixel on your screen for the content .
Now you can hide the title bar and the rest of the browser window by hitting F11 or selecting the option in the Tools menu .
Form Autofill : Filling out your information in forms over and over again can be tedious .
Form autofill helps by showing information you 've previously entered into the same form fields automatically .
If at any point you want to clear out your information , that 's easy to do from the Tools menu .
Advertisement
The video above walks through all the new features thanks to the kindness of yet another uncomfortable Google employee .
( I sympathize .
I 'm terrible on camera . )
They 're calling this release Google Chrome 2 , but according to the post on the Chrome blog , " that 's mainly a metric to help us keep track of changes internally .
We do n't give too much weight to version numbers and will continue to roll out useful updates as often as possible . "
Fair enough .
Google Chrome is a free download , Windows only .
Lifehacker Hits Late Night , Talks Privacy ( Well , Sort of )
If you had your eyes on Fox 's Talkshow with Spike Feresten this Saturday night , you may have …
Read more
Google Chrome 2 [ via Google Chrome Blog ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Paul King
Once we were all happy to walk around naked , now we 're not .
But can an experiment in nudity help us understand why we are so embarrassed by being seen in the buff and help shed our inhibitions ?
It 's a classic anxiety nightmare - you 're standing in front of a room full of work colleagues , your boss is there , maybe even that new colleague you 've been trying to impress .
And you 're stark naked .
Ouch .
Why are we so ashamed of being seen naked ?
Is there something deep in human nature that finds naked skin abhorrent ?
Some prudishness inherited from our Victorian ancestors ?
FIND OUT MORE ... Horizon 's
What 's the Problem With Nudity ? is on BBC Two at 2100 GMT on Tuesday , 3 March
Or watch it later on the BBC iPlayer And how can you explain the rebels who shun convention to spend their weekends hanging out with similar - minded nudists , insisting nothing could be more normal ?
Eight ordinary people - none of them nudists - were recently brought together for an experiment filmed by the BBC's Horizon programme , to test some of the scientific theories that explain why naked bodies make us so uncomfortable .
Among them were Phil , 39 , from Birmingham and Kath , 40 , from Dorset .
Kath 's greatest worry was that people would laugh at her .
Some of the men in the group were more concerned about inappropriate excitement .
Man 's nakedness
Phil was first to feel the cameras burning into his skin .
A matter of hours after meeting the other volunteers , he found himself before a full - length mirror , instructed to remove all of his clothes .
When he discovered the mirror was two - way and he was being watched , his red face , beating heart and soaring blood pressure told a story .
Performing the same task , Kath admitted she wanted " the floor to open up . "
When we are naked in public , most of us feel exposed .
All around the world individuals feel great shame when they know that others know that they have failed to be adequately modest
Prof Dan Fessler
Psychologist
And of course , a naked human is just that bit more naked than other primates .
We have only minimal body hair , they have fur .
Why ?
It 's one of the greatest mysteries in evolution , and even bothered Charles Darwin .
One of the theories is that we lost our fur as a way of dealing with the heat of the sun .
It 's controversial , as most mammals use fur to protect them from the sun .
But some anthropologists believe our ancestors ' unique ability to sweat , along with their upright stance , meant we could cool quicker without fur - prompting the onset of human nudity .
They reckon that evolutionary step towards nudity had huge implications for the human race .
With a souped - up cooling system , our ancestors could afford to develop ever - bigger brains - leading to culture , tools , fire , and language .
Red for ' no - go ' " Really , without losing hair , without our sweatiness , we would n't have been able to evolve the big brains that characterise us today , " says anthropologist Professor Nina Jablonski of Penn State University .
" Essentially , being hairless was the key to much of human evolution . "
So there 's reason to believe our nudity arose out of practical need , but that does n't answer why we 're so ashamed by it .
Attitudes towards nakedness may be the result of the need for long - term pair bonding
But it seems this shame can be unlearned - witness , for example , the work of artist Spencer Tunick , who frequently corrals hundreds of volunteers to strip off en masse in public places for his photographs .
After a series of experiments , Phil and Kath , who had been so self - conscious at the start , each came face - to - face with a newly stripped fellow volunteer .
They were invited to paint the body in front of them , colour coding every patch of skin to show how uncomfortable they felt touching that part of the body - red for no - go ; yellow for squirming and green for fine .
Phil drew the line at colouring his subject 's genitals , but Kath had lost all her inhibitions .
Within moments she 'd painted her subject completely green .
Every inch .
Learned shame
It was an example of how flexible our attitudes to nudity are .
And it explains how nudists can carry on as normal when they 're surrounded by naked people .
Over a couple of days , the volunteers had unlearned many of the social conventions that normally govern their life , and reached a new consensus that permitted them to be naked in each other 's company .
It chimes with the psychologists ' theory that we are not born with a shame of nudity .
Instead we learn it , as an important behavioural code that allows us to operate in human society .
Some people may even find this image uncomfortable to view
With the long immature period of a young human , mum and dad need to form a stable pair bond to do the looking after .
But humans are more social than any other primate , living and moving in large social groups .
Psychologist Professor Dan Fessler , of the University of California , Los Angeles , says our gregariousness " poses a challenge ... because those groups of course provide a source of temptation .
Potentially both sexes can benefit by cheating on their partners . "
That 's where our shame of nudity comes in .
Over thousands of generations , we 've learned that showing off a naked body sends out sexual signals that threaten the security of mating pairs .
And we 've chosen to agree that that is a bad thing .
Shame is the ideal emotion to enforce that code of conduct .
Because it feels unpleasant , we avoid it at all costs .
And because it 's such a visible emotion , everyone around gets a clear message that you know you 've messed up .
Social contract " All around the world individuals feel great shame when they know that others know that they have failed to be adequately modest , " Prof Fessler says .
" Essentially , they 're signalling to those around them ' I understand what the social norm is and I understand that you know that I have failed in this regard , so please do n't hurt me . '
" Nudity is a threat to the basic social contract .
They have exposed their body and their sexual selves in a way that presents an opportunity for sexual behaviour outside of the principal union . "
But as this code of conduct is something we learn , rather than are born with , we can re-learn it , if common consensus allows .
As Phil reflected : " One thing I think I 'll take away is how easy it was to bond with complete strangers in what should really be an artificial environment and one that by all society 's standards we should feel uncomfortable with . "
Would all this knowledge prepare Phil and Kath to push the boundaries of acceptable behaviour back in the real world ?
As the weekend drew to a close , they were presented their final , surprise challenge .
They are invited to walk naked in the street to waiting taxis , which they do .
They have overcome a significant bit of socialisation .
Below is a selection of your comments .
It seems obvious to me .
Humans invented clothes - at first simple animal skins , to protect them from the environment ( cold mostly ) .
Then , as we got better at making clothes and invented weaving etc , we became able to make clothes better fitting and began to make them more elaborate and ornate .
Soon , clothes became a symbol of status - the more powerful you were the more able you were to have better clothes made for you .
If having very good clothes was a symbol of status or honour , then wearing no clothes became a symbol of poverty and shame .
Tim Hellis , Cardiff
There 's a wonderful freedom being nude in a naturist area .
Once you have swum in the nude you do n't want to swim clothed again .
Most people who are reluctant to go naked in nudist places , wonder why they were worried after they have done it .
I have no problem with nudity in clothes optional environments , pity there were n't more .
I do n't think though I would want people wandering around shopping centres etc nude .
D M , Glasgow
In my lifetime , people have become more prudish in one way .
In gents ' toilets , it is noticeable how younger men are more prone to using cubicles as opposed to urinals and it would not surprise me if I lived to see them disappear .
Swimming pools built during the 1970s would normally have open plan changing areas , but more recent ones have enclosed cubicles .
Although I have no experience of such an arrangement , I have been assured that clothes shops in the 1960s frequently had open plan changing areas .
Interesting how we have become more tolerant of most things , public nudity seems to have gone the other way !
Matthew Wyatt , Stevenage I do n't agree with the premise that " we " are " ashamed " to be naked .
Neither were " we " once all happy to all walk around naked - maybe some of our ancestors were , but that 's not us .
A desire not to be naked is not to do with shame ( where did you get that idea from ? ) it 's to do with privacy - not to forget keeping our bodies warm and protected .
I really can't understand where you got this " shame " thing from !
It 's such a pity too that so many reports etc use that word " we " as if we are all , without exception , included in whatever is being suggested .
Philip , Kent
What is this recent phenomenon with the BBC and nakedness ?
What is wrong with having decency and humility in our lives ?
Why do we need to feel open about not wearing clothes ?
I hate the fact as it is , that when I go to the gym I 'm usually greeted with a largely overweight gentleman 's backside in the changing rooms .
I 'd hate for society to change so that everyone would have to put up with the same everywhere .
Mohammed Khan , London Sexual harassment is bad enough as it is .
If I walked around naked , I 'd be wolf - whistled on every street .
Karen , London
For over 25 years I have enjoyed nothing more than being naked on naturist beaches and in the privacy of my garden .
I do however have great respect for those who are offended by nudity and while I am not at all ashamed of my body , I would hate to offend anyone .
I also believe those who flaunt their nudity are inconsiderate and selfish .
Brian , Waterford From where I 'm sitting , watching the wind buffet the trees outside with a sub - zero wind - chill , there seems to me to be a much more compelling reason NOT to wander about in the nude .
Also , just remember that if you do wander about naked you 're likely to be placed immediately on the sex offenders ' register - so far have we come from a society that can accept nudity !
James , Dundee
In some countries it is normal to be nude in a sauna together with complete strangers and the normal accepted behaviour can be completely reversed : if somebody joins a group of naked people inside the sauna and is dressed ( bathrobe , swimming costume ) this is regarded as being outside the norm and can be embarrassing for the dressed person .
Martin , Liverpool
Get all us fat wheezy Brits to run around naked ?
That will lead to a huge rise in vegetarianism which means less cattle and less methane .
However , we will need a massive injection of cash into the NHS to cope with the increase in Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome .
If you want a taster , think of Eastenders nude - Dot , Pat , Ian .... yuk !
Clive Gibson , Alnwick
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 20 , 2009
Porn , paddocks and a pipe under a tennis court -- it seems like there 's nothing British politicians wo n't try to claim as a " legitimate business expense . "
BY NOW , Member of Parliament ( MP ) Jacqui Smith 's husband must be preparing a new apology that goes : " I am now truly sorry for fiddling porn films on expenses .
What was I thinking of ?
Compared to the rest , I could have claimed for King Dong and Chesty Morgan to perform live on the lawn and not seemed out of place . "
How do you top MP Douglas Hogg , who claimed $ 3,069 in expenses for the cost of clearing his moat ?
Presumably he thinks ,
" No politician can represent their constituents properly if they 've got a dirty moat . "
Whenever there 's a debate in parliament about housing estates with squalid conditions , he must think , " Oh , how dreadful , these poor blighters must make do with a communal moat . "
Or Oliver Letwin , with his claim for a pipe under a tennis court .
Maybe this is n't the main issue , but why does a tennis court need a pipe under it anyway ?
Is he having Hawkeye installed ?
So he 'll make a statement saying : " As a member of the Shadow Cabinet , I might be asked to entertain senior businessmen with a game of tennis , and if that was to end in a vicious fight over a disputed line call it would be highly damaging to Britain 's interests . "
And there 's all the Hazel Blears types , who see nothing wrong in claiming that , on becoming an MP , they moved into a new residence in a litter bin , which meant the home they had been living in for 20 years was now their second home , and it was essential for their kids they employed a full - time snooker referee .
There 's nothing that could now be surprising .
By next week , it will turn out one of them claimed for an original Rembrandt , insisting they lived under it as a second home .
Another will have claimed for $ 31,000 of panda food , or a time machine , or $ 4,600 to have a light bulb changed by Elton John .
David Davis , the Conservatives ' former law and order spokesman , claimed around $ 3,000 for mowing his paddocks .
Maybe that 's why he was so angry with teenage criminals -- he was appalled by their lack of ambition .
What he meant to say was : " These thugs should be ashamed of themselves .
Instead of mugging people for a mobile phone , they should grab them and say , ' Do n't move , bruv , you 're surrounded , innit .
Now mow my paddock or I 'll mash you up . ' "
Featured at Socialism Hear Mark Steel at Socialism 2009 in San Francisco .
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
And so many of these MPs have harrumphed with approval at the clampdowns on false claims for housing and invalidity benefits .
They 've gone along with campaigns such as " Rat on a rat " and " Benefit cheats , we 're closing in . "
And then they object , as Luton 's MP Margaret Moran did , that they had to claim for a house in Southampton ( nowhere near her work ) because " I can't do my job without somewhere to be with my family . "
So that 's what to say if you 're caught fiddling the dole .
Tell the fraud officer you were saving up for a house in Southampton , because these days a house in Southampton is clearly a basic human necessity , like toilet roll .
Surely the Labour Party must set a target that by 2013 , every family in Britain will have a house in Southampton .
But , of course , these people do n't think they 've done anything wrong because both parties now stand for the values of big business .
Lord Peter Mandelson declared famously that New Labour was " relaxed about people being filthy rich . "
Politicians move in those circles .
Their heroes are Murdoch , Branson and Berlusconi .
They inhabit a world of clean moats and mowed paddocks .
Bit by bit , I get the impression the way this country is run is not quite right .
First published in the Independent .
Friedrich Hayek and his The Road to Serfdom have not been forgotten by the American people .
Photos taken today at an anti-stimulus rally in Denver :
Hayek ’s
The Road to Serfdom is currently # 779 in books at Amazon .
Month after month , year after year , decade after decade , Hayek ’s The Road to Serfdom remains among the top 1,500 books sold on Amazon .
This is a truly remarkable record for a book which has been in print now for more than 60 years .
After some moving and eloquent testimony , the Main Senate voted to approve same - sex marriage 20 - 15 this morning .
There is a possibility however that the legislation may get tabled because of a late amendment that would put the issue before Maine voters in November .
From the Sun Journal :
Immediately , however , one of the senators who voted No – Republican David Hastings of Fryeburg – introduced an amendment from the floor that would send the issue directly out to statewide voters in November .
That move prompted Democratic Majority Leader Philip Bartlett of Gorham to request a recess .
The House of Representatives has already adjourned until next Tuesday , so the bill ca n’t come up for preliminary consideration there until then .
A recent poll shows Maine voters are evenly split on the issue .
And , while it remains unclear if Governor Baldacci would sign the bill should it reach his desk , he has suggested recently that he would favor the legislation .
UPDATE : It appears the amendment to put the issue up for referendum in November has failed , and the revised vote is now 21 - 14 in favor of same - sex marriage !
Post by ILO on 04/30/09 at 9:49 am
NBC offered a brief preview of “ The Jay Leno Show , ” the network ’s forthcoming 10 p.m. comedy program , during a presentation to advertisers in New York on Monday .
The spot “ mocks the amount of murder ” in the 10 p.m. shows on other networks , James Poniewozik says .
Ben Silverman , the co-chairman of NBC Entertainment , told reporters that Mr. Leno ’s prime time show would be a clear alternative to “ crimetime . ”
“ Leno at 10 will have opening monologue , a new comedy segment at the end , a new stage allowing Jay to get guests ‘ off the couch ’ with antics , ” Melissa Grego reports .
Here ’s the preview :
ARCHITECTURE AND engineering software developer Autodesk has announced it will give its computer - aided design ( CAD ) software free to unemployed professionals as part of a scheme it says will support the industry through tough times .
Autodesk is pitching the deal as a way of helping unemployed design professionals to gain skills that will put them back to work .
“ Everyone has been touched by the economic downturn , ” said Steve Blum , senior vice - president of Autodesk ’s Americas sales .
“ The Autodesk Assistance Programme is a fast - tracked way for our customers to improve their productivity and competitiveness during this challenging and volatile time , ” he said .
The scheme is currently available in North America and is due to debut in Europe within four to six months .
Autodesk ’s move to offer free 13 - month software licences to unemployed design professionals comes shortly after competitor SolidWorks announced its similar SolidWorks Engineering Stimulus Package .
Both firms have long offered free , long - term licences to students and staff at universities , but have now extended the offer to architects and engineers affected by the industry ’s woes .
Like others in the sector , Autodesk is feeling the downturn in development .
The firm announced in late March that it planned to add to previous cuts by slashing up to $ 150 million ( €113 million ) from its operating expenses .
The company ’s stock is currently trading at around $ 18 , having peaked at $ 50.99 in mid-2007 .
Newly qualified architects are facing tough times ahead .
Dermot Geoghegan , who runs an architectural practice in Carlow , says prospects are bleak : “ No more than a week ago a chap who studied architectural technology and did his Part One at Queen ’s University in Belfast came looking for paid work - experience .
He was a perfect candidate , incredibly employable from my point of view a year or two ago – and I could n’t give him adequate paid work experience . ”
Mr Geoghegan said free software will help , but that it would not solve the problem , and that it also makes clear the profiteering in the industry : “ Continuing education is expensive , so I can see the logic in seeding young building professionals with the technology , but it just shows that they charge preposterous amounts of money for their software in the first place .
“ We have several unused licences in our office , ” said Mr Geoghegan .
The expense of professional software has long led to students and young aspiring professionals using unlicensed “ pirate ” software , said Tom Royal , deputy editor of ComputerActive magazine : “ Any figures you will ever get are unreliable – there are people who could buy a copy but do n’t want to , and there are people who ca n’t afford it .
Whether or not that is a good - enough moral argument is another question , ” he said .
Autodesk , Mr Royal added , faces a potential problem if unemployed architects and engineers find work after getting a free licence : “ There are huge questions over how this assistance programme can be managed . ”
Craigslist recently toppled MySpace as the most visited site
The US classified ads website Craigslist says it will remove its erotic services category following claims it promotes prostitution .
Law enforcement officials have said prostitutes and clients use the site for illegal sexual encounters .
In place will be a new adult services section that will be closely monitored .
" We are optimistic that the new balance struck will be an acceptable compromise , " Craigslist chief executive Jim Buckmaster said .
' Sued '
In recent months the spotlight has been turned on the San Francisco company , following a series of high - profile cases .
One that gained huge national attention involved Phillip Markoff , 23 , who has been charged with killing a young woman who offered her services as a masseuse on Craigslist .
Julissa Brisman , 26 , was found shot dead in a hotel room in Boston last month .
The case was widely covered in the media , with Mr Markoff being dubbed the Craigslist Killer .
Tom Dart said he will still keep a close eye on the site Earlier in the year , the site attracted the attention of a number of law enforcement officers .
One of the most vocal critics of the erotic services adverts was an Illinois sheriff who sued the site in a federal court .
Sheriff Thomas Dart said Craigslist was failing to block offers to trade sex for money .
He called the site " the single largest source of prostitution in the nation " .
He said this latest move by the site was " a major step in the right direction " .
Last week South Carolina 's attorney general Henry McMaster threatened the management of Craigslist with prosecution if it did not remove the local erotic services posting within 10 days .
Last November Craigslist announced a deal with 40 state attorney generals that said it would charge for erotic services ads and require advertisers to use a credit card for payment .
This was seen as a way for authorities to track them down .
' Internet brothel '
Existing adverts in the erotic services section will remain for the next seven days .
The new adult services category has now opened for postings by " legal adult service providers " .
The site is best known for selling bikes and finding places to rent
In a blog post , Craigslist said each post would be manually reviewed before appearing on the site to ensure compliance with the company 's guidelines and terms of use .
Matt Zimmerman , a lawyer with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , who specialises in freedom of speech and civil liberties law , said Craigslist acted voluntarily and was not legally obliged to regulate content on the site .
He said : " Federal law states that no website operator can be held responsible for content provided by third parties . "
Illinois attorney general Lisa Madigan , who had called the section " nothing more than an internet brothel " , said authorities would monitor these new ads .
" I 'm encouraged Craigslist has agreed to fundamentally change how they operate and monitor their site , " said Ms Madigan in a statement .
Relatively safe Craigslist , which donated all of the profits from " erotic services " ads to charity , has insisted all along that the site is relatively safe .
" Contrary to some of the sensationalistic journalism we 've seen these past few weeks , the record is clear that use of Craigslist classified is associated with far lower rates of violent crime than print classifieds , let alone rates of violent crime pertaining to American society as a whole , " said Mr Buckmaster .
The website 's about - turn was hailed as a victory for common sense by Connecticut attorney general Richard Blumenthal who headed up a multi-state attorney general task force on the matter .
Fans of the site reacted angrily to the announcement and said regulation went against the ethos of Craigslist .
Blumenthal said : " Craigslist is heeding our clear call for conscience and common sense , sending a strong signal that Internet sites must police themselves to protect others . "
E-mail list Craigslist was started in 1995 as a hobby by founder Craig Newmark , who put together an e-mail list of events happening in San Francisco .
A skeleton staff of 28 employees works out of a town house in San Francisco and Buckmaster has long said his priority is making users ' lives easier , not making money .
Forty million adverts are posted on Craigslist each month .
While some users praised Craigslist 's decision as responsible , others were appalled .
Site user Martin Genev said : " This is just the beginning .
The danger is that it gets so regulated that people do n't find it useful anymore . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
is :: ( a -> b ) -> ( b -> Bool ) -> a -> BoolSource
An example will explain this more than anything :
listsLongerThan3 Elements :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ [ a ] ] listsLongerThan3
Elements = filter ( length `is` ( > 3 ) )
An editorial in today 's Wall Street Journal brings home a fact that I 've known for a long time : Economists tend to be schizophrenic .
[ Thanks to Greenpacks.org for the photo . ]
The article mentions Larry Summers 's double talk .
Summers commented on Obama 's latest budget by saying , " There are no , no tax increases .... "
The article points out that there are tax increases , namely the death tax that will be returning to its 2009 parameters , instead of disappearing as it was scheduled to do in 2011 .
That would n't be more than a fib , but the story gets worse .
In 1980 , Summers co-authored a study at the National Bureau of Economic Research supporting the elimination of the estate tax .
Go figure .
Schizophrenia , anyone ?
Another example of economic split personality is one of my favorites : Milton Friedman , a Nobel Prize - winning genius , a great man , and one of our best economists -- but just a bit split when it came to monetarism , as noted by lesser economist Edward C. Harwood Friedman would say things like this , quoting from " Capitalism and Freedom " : " The Great Depression in the United States , far from being a sign of the inherent instability of the private enterprise system , is a testament to how much harm can be done by mistakes on the part of a few men when they wield vast power over the monetary system of a country .
It may be that these mistakes were excusable on the basis of the knowledge available to men at the time -- though I happen to think not .
But that is really beside the point .
Any system which gives so much power and so much discretion to a few men that mistakes -- excusable or not -- can have such far - reaching effects is a bad system .
It is a bad system to believers in freedom just because it gives a few men such power without any effective check by the body politic -- this is the key political argument against an ' independent ' central bank .
But it is a bad system even to those who set security higher than freedom .
Mistakes , excusable or not , cannot be avoided in a system which disperses responsibility yet gives a few men great power , and which thereby makes important policy actions highly dependent on accidents of personality .
This is the key technical argument against an ' independent ' bank .
To paraphrase Clemenceau , money is much too serious a matter to be left to the Central Bankers .
" Clearly , Friedman did n't believe a central bank could carry out its intended function because of an inherent defect in its makeup , i.e. its dependence upon humans .
That does n't prevent him from recommending , in the same work , indeed in the same chapter , that human legislators be given the power to control the money supply : " ... [ I ]t seems to me desirable to state the rule [ the legislative rule for monetary policy ] in terms of the behavior of the stock of money .
My choice at the moment would be a legislated rule instructing the monetary authority to achieve a specific rate of growth in the money supply .
"
The rest of his work is so monumental that we could almost forgive him , if it were n't for the fact that the whole world took his admission of the validity of centralizing the control of money supply as a justification for their central bank -- which is what got us where we are today .
Sorry , Milton , but it 's partly your fault .
Our third example of inconsistency is the original Accident of Personality himself , Alan Greenspan .
In his chapter entitled " Gold and Economic Freedom " published by Ayn Rand in her " Capitalism : The Unknown Ideal , " Greenspan says the following about the faulty reasoning of the Federal Reserve in 1927 :
" The reasoning of the authorities involved was as follows :
If the Federal Reserve pumped excessive paper reserves into American banks , interest rates in the United States would fall to a level comparable with those in Great Britain ; this would act to stop Britain 's gold loss and avoid the political embarrassment of having to raise interest rates .
The ' Fed ' succeeded :
It stopped the gold loss , but it nearly destroyed the economies of the world , in the process .
The excess credit which the Fed pumped into the economy spilled over into the stock market -- triggering a fantastic speculative boom .
" Strange words from a man who did exactly that in 2004 .
Perhaps you can now understand why I named my economics blog after Sybil , the star among multiple personalities .
Labels : Alan Greenspan , economic humor , Larry Summers , Milton Friedman
 And like any good Internet meme , “ Look At This Fucking Hipster ” has spawned iterations with similar names .
“ Look At This Lovely Hamster , ” for example , is exactly the same , except it ’s pictures of hamsters .
Is it a parody , is it ironic , or is it completely serious ?
What ’s the difference ?
I ca n’t tell .
That ’s how hip it is .
Download this exclusive Video starring porn star Peaches now !
Twistys presents Beautiful Nude Girls in Erotic Photos and Porn Videos !
Copyright © porn-star.com & twistysnetwork.com -
All rights reserved - All models are over 18 years old18 U.S.C. 2257 Record - Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement at twistysnetwork.com
As evidenced by the non-sensical Twitter rumor last week , it 's easy to get caught up in the Apple rumor mill , but this one is too juicy to pass up .
A forum poster on a Chinese Apple website recently published what appear to be the specs for Apple 's upcoming iPhone model .
If accurate , the next iPhone model should be a lot snappier and will include the following :
32 GB of storage - A solid increase from the current max of 16 GB .
An upgraded 600 Mhz processor - More speed !
The current iPhone 3G clocks out at 400 Mhz .
256 MB of RAM - The current iPhone has 128 MB of RAM .
So far this is looking pretty good .
A 3.2 Megapixel camera with autofocus
A digital compass
An FM radio
Lastly , the anonymous poster also notes that the next iPhone model will retain the same shape and screen dimensions as the 3G model .
Overall , the above specifications are impressive , but realistic enough to be considered credible - though the inclusion of an FM radio does n't really seem like something Apple would include .
Nonetheless , the upcoming iPhone looks to be a significant upgrade from the current 3G model , and lucky for us , Apple 's WWDC is only a few weeks away .
A somewhat comical and convoluted Google translation of the forum posting can be found over here .
WASHINGTON  Now that President Obama has established what he called a “ clear timetable ” for Iran to halt its nuclear program  progress must be made by the end of the year , he declared on Monday  both American and Israeli officials are beginning to talk about how to accomplish that goal .
But even after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s first visit to the White House on Monday , where he and Mr. Obama stressed common goals and played down their differences on strategy , it seemed clear that they still do not agree even on the basic question of how much time remains to stop Iran from gaining a nuclear weapons capability .
So now begins Mr. Obama ’s diplomatic sprint .
His declaration Monday that “ we ’re not going to have talks forever ” was a warning to the Iranians that his fundamentally different approach  serious American engagement with Tehran for the first time in three decades  must bear fruit before Iran clears the last technological hurdles to building a weapon .
It is a strategy that some administration officials describe as “ negotiations with pressure ”  a combination of direct negotiations , reassurances that Washington is no longer seeking regime change in Iran , and an effort to persuade the ruling mullahs that the alternative to serious concessions will be painful : international sanctions that are far harsher and more tightly enforced than the weak mix of actions imposed so far by the United Nations Security Council .
“ There ’s a three - way race going on here , ” one of Mr. Obama ’s strategists said the other day .
“ We ’re racing to make diplomatic progress .
The Iranians are racing to make their nuclear capability a fait accompli .
And the Israelis , of course , are racing to come up with a convincing military alternative that could plausibly set back the Iranian program . ”
This is unbelievable .
Though I suppose it was just a matter of time before the Hollywood moguls figured out a way to get their hands on some of that U.S. goverment bailout money , albeit indirectly .
But why in the world are American taxpayers helping foot the bill to promote a big - budget 3 - D DreamWorks Animation movie ?
Well , it appears the reason is because the president of the Jeffrey Katzenberg - led Hollywood animation studio just happens to be Bank of America ’s former Vice Chairman and CFO .
It took respected media analyst Rich Greenfield of Pali Research to uncover this staggering scheme ( registration required ) .
He found out that Bank of America was helping families to see Monsters vs Aliens in 3 - D rather than 2 - D at no additional cost when it starts playing in theaters on Friday , March 27th .
( The promotion is here . )
And at the same time helping out the box office grosses of Katzenberg ’s DreamWorks Animation , a publicly traded company .
“ Why Bank of America ? , ” Greenfield asks in a report posted this morning .
“ We have not seen any formal announcement about the Bank of America / [ DWA ] promotion beyond an increasing number of consumers discussing the promotion link on Twitter .
However , we find it odd that a bank that just received $ 45 bn [ billion ] in government aid is paying for consumers across the US to see a movie in 3 - D vs. 2 - D at no extra cost .
We also wonder whether the presence of DWA ’s President , Lew Coleman , helped DWA convince Bank of America to enter into the promotion , as Coleman is a former Vice Chairman and CFO of Bank of America . ”
Greenfield found a .pdf for next weekend ’s Bank of America offer which says it is limited to its customers ( credit card , banking , etc ) .
But he also discovered that the online system allows anybody to participate as long as they have an e-mail address .
Consumers can receive up to 4 certificates per e-mail address to upgrade from 2 - D to 3 - D via the online registration form .
However , Imax and AMC theaters are excluded from the promo .
“ If MvA [ Monsters vs Aliens ] skews heavily toward 3D tickets due to Bank of America subsidizing the incremental 3 - D cost ( only valid on opening weekend ) , we believe the odds are increasing that MvA will outperform our opening weekend box office expectation of $ 55 mm [ million ] . ”
Greenfield predicts .
This week , Pali Research calculated that Dreamworks Animation is getting an average 3 - D upcharge of $ 3.18 for Monsters vs. Aliens as opposed to the cost of an average 2 - D ticket .
“ While the 3 - D premium was less than DWA management expected , we believe the real driver of the effective premium will be driven by the percentage of attendees who pay to see the movie in 3 - D vs. 2 - D ( as we presume the 2,000 3D screens will be in greater demand than the 5,000 + 2 - D screens ) , ” Greenfield writes .
“ We are increasingly confident that there will be a significantly higher percentage of MvA attendees at 3 - D screens , as Bank of America has apparently agreed to fund the incremental cost of a 3 - D ticket . ”
According to Greenfield , the reward certificate provides a $ 2 - $ 5 value , but he could n’t find a premium above $ 4 .
What ’s incredible here is that DreamWorks Animation has been spending a fortune to market Monsters vs Aliens .
The campaign included a widely seen 3 - D tie - in with NBC during the Super Bowl broadcast on that network .
I was told that DWA footed $ 9 million of the cost of that spot what with the cost of the NBC ad , the 3 - D glasses , the technology , etc .
I wrote back in January that it was a colossal waste of money .
Because the movie looked like a mess .
But now it ’ll be U.S. taxpayers who ’ll give thumbs up or thumbs down to this deal .
According to a post on the band 's website , Xiu Xiu multi-instrumentalist Caralee McElroy has left the group .
Here 's what she wrote , in a post titled " Thanks for the memories " :
" I have decided to stop playing in Xiu Xiu for personal reasons .
Thank you to everyone who has supported me in the last 5 years .
Xiu Xiu is an important and amazing band and will continue to be . "
Meanwhile , Xiu Xiu frontman ( and McElroy 's cousin ) Jamie Stewart has a new band called Former Ghosts and he's on a solo tour in Europe right now .
And next year , Xiu Xiu plans to release an album called Dear God , I Hate Myself .
After protests and hunger - strikes , 100 Crimean Tatars finally claim what belongs to them by law .
It took over a month , including 13 days on hunger strike .
But in the end , about 100 Crimean Tatars who have been camped outside the Cabinet of Ministers building in Kyiv got what they came for .
Leaders of the protest from the Avdet ( Return ) organization said on May 28 that the Cabinet of Ministers had agreed to their demands to assign them state land in Crimea .
For many farmers , the changes coincide with crushing debt resulting from the cost of turning organic , which can run hundreds of thousands of dollars .
In addition , the price of organic feed has doubled in the last year .
Credit has dried up for some , and others say it is nearly impossible to sell cows and so thin their herds .
And while processors project growth of about 6 percent in organic milk sales this year ( a decline from the 12.7 percent reported for 2008 by the Organic Trade Association ) , some analysts say that forecast is far too optimistic .
The United States Department of Agriculture says sales of organic whole milk in February were 2.5 percent lower than in February last year , with sales of organic reduced - fat milk 15 percent lower .
“ We ’re in big trouble , ” said Craig Russell , an organic dairy farmer in Brookfield , Vt. , who owes $ 500,000 , mostly from converting his farm to organic in 2006 .
Image Last months meeting of the Maine Organic Milk Producers drew worried farmers seeking solutions to a post - boom bust .
Credit ... Cheryl Senter for The New York Times
Mr. Russell quit a day job as an accountant to farm full time last year .
“ I made more money in six months than in five years of conventional farming , ” he said , but his farm is now barely hanging on .
The price he receives from the distributor dropped another $ 1 per hundredweight on May 1 , just when he most needed money to prepare for the summer grazing season .
“ It ’s going to cost me more to make milk than sell milk , ” he said .
In an effort to provide a safety net , Vermont last month expanded a low - interest loan program for farmers .
While most conventional farmers are accustomed to withstanding price volatility , “ organic has n’t weathered this kind of storm , ” said Mr. Allbee , the state ’s agriculture secretary .
Farmers are finding that organic food is not for every consumer , he said , “ and does n’t guarantee that you will have a market forever . ”
Blue - collar robots do n’t really get the press they deserve .
These dedicated , well designed , and efficient workers provide unparalleled improvements in almost every major industry .
Let ’s face it , though , they are rarely photogenic .
Singularity Hub has covered a lot of the amazing human - like robots out there .
Today , let ’s take a look at one of the most promising blue - collar bots : KIVA Systems ’ distribution center robots .
These warehouse workhorses provide a new way of sorting , storing , and shipping products .
Quiet Logistics , a third party distribution center , just opened a KIVA exclusive warehouse in Andover , Massachusetts .
With over a 1000 of these robots already in use , the promise of robotized warehouses as a standard is well on its way .
The KIVA bots are short squat orange lifters that glide under storage racks , lifting and moving them where they need to go .
They ’re guided by a very simple grid of stickers attached to the floor .
Wifi communications between bots and redundant clusters of servers keep robots from colliding on the grid .
No easy task considering that a single warehousing company could use up to 500 of the little orange lifters .
With KIVA , the racks are brought to the human workers and not the other way around .
This system eliminates the need for endless walking .
Instead of having many workers work on the same order , the KIVA system allows for a single touch approach .
With fewer hands used on each order , productivity increases , errors decrease and the work process is streamlined .
Zappos ( a KIVA customer ) claims order to ship times of as little as 12 minutes .
Check out this great Boston.com video highlighting the KIVA system :
It ’s really the combination of software and robots that makes the KIVA system so promising .
With adaptive storage , random access to workers , quick reorganization , and removing the need to batch , we are seeing a truly new approach to the traditional warehouse .
That Gap , Zappos , Staples , have all converted at least part of their warehouses to KIVA shows the industry ’s willingness to adapt to the better technology .
Quiet Logistics KIVA - only warehouse is already serving Music Parts Plus , a major online retailer .
Man and Bot – the next great buddy movie
As remarkable as KIVA ’s robots are , I think they are just one indication of a developing paradigm .
Human laborers are an integral ( and highly valued ) part of the warehouse system .
KIVA bots move the racks , but human hands move and scan items .
This sort of human - robot integration highlights how separating tasks into robot - friendly and human - friendly steps is an ideal path to efficiency .
Creating human - like robots is a complicated and difficult task .
Although there have been great leaps forward in this field recently , it may take many years for it to be cost efficient to replace all human laborers with equivalent robots .
I think the KIVA human - robot interaction provides a better solution .
In all fields of manual robotic use ( manufacture , warfare , shipping , transportation , medicine , etc ) we may benefit from a planned and dedicated approach that seeks to maximize efficiency by dividing tasks in a systematic way between humans and machines .
We are already experimenting with such an approach , just look at the auto - industry , or think about how many high - tech instruments are integral to your doctor ’s office .
Human - robot teamwork may only be a temporary solution ( eventually robots may replace all human laborers in manual fields ) , but for ten or twenty years it could provide the best approach to including robots in the workforce without eliminating the human jobs on which many economies depend .
Proponents of a robotic workforce often claim that new jobs will open up in service and consulting sectors .
Some singularity enthusiasts contend that we ourselves will merge with that robotic workforce anyway .
In either case , fostering robot - human cooperation is a great way to gently transition from our current system to our eventual one ( whatever form it may take ) .
The cooperation is seemingly already building between man and machine in many of the KIVA warehouses .
Mitch Rosenberg , VP of Marketing at KIVA , says that human workers are giving name tags and other identifying marks to their favorite robots .
At some companies , “ the robots ” send you a birthday card each year .
We have a hard time , it seems , avoiding anthropomorphizing and adopting robots as pets .
And that ’s okay .
They may not be cute , but blue - collar bots are a working man ’s best friend .
Here ’s two videos for you , one goes into the KIVA system in greater depth and the other …well , it ’s the brainchild of an intern , enjoy :
So what 's 540 horsepower good for ?
How about shredding tires , devouring quarter miles , and drifting ?
Yup , that would be three for three .
Take a look at a little something we put together after driving the 2010 Shelby GT500 , the lead horse alpha male of the 2010 Ford Mustang line .
After you 've seen how the 2010 Shelby 's supercharged 5.4 - liter , DOHC , 32 - valve hunk of Dearborn iron translates rotational torque into pure velocity , then check out our comprehensive blog entry on the car .
Likewise , if you 're not up for spending about $ 48,000 on the baddest street - legal factory Mustang ever , check out our Bottom Line on the more affordable 2010 Ford Mustang .
If you click over there , you 'll see what we thought of the less expensive Mustang GT ... and while it 's down on power compared to the Shelby ( 225 horsepower ) , it 's still a blast to drive .
What is up !
I ’m Matt Dahlgren , one of the product managers here at Capcom who gets to work on the Resident Evil franchise .
Today I get to blog about the PSone Resident Evil : Director ’s Cut , which will be available for download tomorrow on PSN for $ 9.99 .
I do n’t think I ’ll ever get to make a statement like this in a blog ever again .
The original Resident Evil is a game that defined my personality as a gamer for years to come .
( I ’ve got two others on my list of influential games , FF7 and Tekken , each for their respective genre – but I ’ll keep this RE centered . )
The early experiences that you have in gaming set you up for what to expect in the future .
If you have a positive enough experience , you attempt to find it time and time again – but I do n’t think a game will ever affect me in the same way that this one did .
Going back and tinkering around with this game after so many years off got me thinking about how different gaming was 10 years ago in comparison to today .
Games back then were hard .
I remember dying at the first zombie while trying to figure out a weird control scheme , yet being mesmerized with the fact that I could control the outcome in a 3D environment .
It took me a while to get the grasp of everything , and I died a lot , but I was so entertained by the experience that I refused to go to bed .
I stayed up all night at a friend ’s house , figuring out this weird mansion filled with zombies .
Controls then were not nearly as important as they are now .
People were so mesmerized with the fact that they were experiencing something new , it did n’t matter that the graphics were n’t perfectly realistic and the acting was bad .
It was a completely new experience , and better yet it could scare you .
( ex. Dog + Window = Jump )
But what made this game cool is the fact that deep underneath the struggles you had to go through to progress , there was this gigantic intricate puzzle to figure out .
How do you get to the next area with only 15 bullets ?
Which path is going to punish you , and which is going to let you survive ?
A lot of the time , if you chose the wrong path , you were just screwed , and you started over .
If you did n’t have an ink ribbon on hand , or did n’t save recently , this could mean you have to re-do the last hour of gameplay .
But it did n’t matter as much , because you learned from your mistakes and you could do things better the second time .
In addition , the environments were just sweet .
I do n’t think any game has re-created something as creepy as that first mansion .
To me it is the ultimate classic scenario .
So many questions to be had , and you fill them in piece by piece as you progress .
Not everything may have made perfect sense , but either way , it was completely intriguing .
Playing as Chris Redfield and getting your shotgun is a great example .
At this point , you have been playing for a while now , trying to survive with just a handgun .
You go into a room , and see a shotgun on the wall .
Sweet !
Then you pick it up , and the ceiling comes down on you and makes a Chris pancake .
( owned )
Better hope you saved recently .
Getting that shotgun was a big time struggle .
You had to find the broken shotgun , manage your inventory so you can actually hold it , figure out how to dodge or kill a ton of zombies through a long stretch of the mansion , so you can replace it on the wall and not die when trying to get a new weapon .
But when you get it … that shotgun is a score !
You can now blow off zombie heads in a single shot , you just need to aim up .
That weapon completely changes the gameplay experience from then on out .
What makes that cool is once you finally figure out how to get the shotgun , there is such a strong sense of accomplishment .
You earned your reward , it was n’t just handed to you .
Nowadays if a key drops and someone has to spend 5 mins trying to find out where it goes , they just get pissed and stop playing .
( Obviously over - exaggerated , but you can see the point I was making )
And the camera angles – sometimes you ca n’t even see down a hallway .
That ’s like putting you at a bigger disadvantage than being there in real life .
Haha .
I kept remembering that I wanted to kick a zombie in the chest because they were so slow .
( If you played Outbreak , there ’s one guy that could kick zombies in the chest .
I always picked that guy .
Heh )
Not only was it difficult to see , even when I knew where the zombies were , they would get me ALL the time .
It was difficult to move precisely .
Very different experience than seeing a single enemy , lining up a headshot – done , progress .
You were watching that zombie , trying to predict how he would move , how you could lure him to the side so you could sneak by .
And you would still get caught .
But , if you played the original game , you have to admit that the control elements and camera angles helped heighten the experience .
Resident Evil is all about putting you in situations that are hard to predict the outcome .
It is a game that keeps you on your toes .
Granted you may be frustrated that you ca n’t see the zombie , or even worse one of the “ chop your head off in one swipe ” hunters that is 5 feet in front you because the camera wo n’t let you , but those moments are pretty intense experiences because you do n’t know what is going on .
( OMG – if you can aim up , shoot blind and hit a jumping hunter based on his sound alone , talk about satisfying .
Haha )
Many people now would probably find this annoying .
Games are so real , that if you ca n’t do anything you want , there ’s something else out there that will let you .
But for me playing this game as a kid , it defined me as a gamer .
I wanted a challenge , because I felt I could do it , and other people could n’t .
Maybe that ’s a bit arrogant , but is n’t that what getting ridiculous amounts of trophies or high scores is all about anyways ?
If anything did n’t give me that challenge – I was disappointed .
I think that sums up what Resident Evil is all about : Reward through harsh struggles .
There ’s a great sense of accomplishment when you can make it through the worst .
I think Resident Evil does this to a “ T ” , and has continued to do so over the years .
( I also think they re-created a “ this is completely new to me ” experience when they did RE4 , part of the reason I respect the franchise so much . )
I think there are a lot of gamers out there like me – many of them probably who hated on RE4 / RE5 because it was different than the “ old school ” games .
I disagree that the survival / horror element from Resident Evil is gone – it ’s definitely still in there , it ’s just evolved .
And that does n’t mean that the traditional survival horror of the early games is gone , it just means that the franchise has branched out to provide new experiences .
So , if you have n’t played this game , or want to go back and re-live a classic game you played as a kid like me , I highly recommend this game .
If you are a current fan of Resident Evil , you can see many of the gameplay traits that evolved from this game .
( You may not like the fact you ca n’t move and shoot simultaneously in RE5 , but those controls are there for a reason , and help the game stay true to some of the classic elements of the franchise which are very evident in the early games . )
Also , if you were introduced to the series through Resident Evil 4 or 5 , this game is a great opportunity to go back and experience the roots of the franchise .
Both Chris and Jill , who appear in RE5 , make their franchise debut in this game .
For those who do n’t know what the Director ’s Cut version is , this is the updated version of the original game which was released 18 months after the original .
It features an “ Arranged Mode ” which essentially mixes up the item placement , camera angles , and enemy placement , to give people a different path through the game than found in the original 1996 version .
I think that is about enough for my “ tribute ” post .
I ca n’t recommend this game highly enough – and that ’s the gamer in me , not the marketing dude .
Hope you enjoy .
Dear Cecil :
With the dearth of good real estate on Earth , I 've been considering alternatives .
One obvious candidate is Mars .
However , in its current orbit , it 's too nippy and the air is too thin to satisfy anyone except Sherpas .
How much energy would it take to move Mars into Earth 's orbit ?
Would it work better if we moved Venus instead because of its similar size to Earth ?
Please answer quickly as I need to finalize my retirement plans .
James Borowiec
Cecil replies :
I have to tell you , I admire the balls behind this concept .
We ’ve already got one planet pretty much hosed .
Why not go for two ?
I assigned my assistant Una to look into what it would take to haul Venus or Mars into the same orbit as Earth .
Una ’s engineering resume is sparse in the planetary relocation department , but I figured it was just a matter of moving some decimal points .
To be on the safe side , however , she teamed up with Noam Izenberg , a planetary scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory .
Results : Assuming ( a) Mars does n’t rip apart from the stress of moving and ( b ) its moons , Phobos and Deimos , come along for the ride , we ’re looking at close to 9.8 x 10 ³¹ joules of energy to drag it down by us .
That ’s roughly the same kick as 234 trillion 100 - megaton nuclear warheads .
Moving Venus would take still more energy — multiply the above by 8.5 .
Discouraged ?
Do n’t give up so fast .
One idea out there is to change the orbit of a good - sized asteroid or comet — about 100 kilometers in diameter — so that it swings by one of the inner planets and then back out to , say , Jupiter .
As the cosmic tow truck passes our target planet , it uses its gravitational attraction to tug the planet in the desired direction , then hurtles back to slingshot around Jupiter , picking up more energy in the process .
Repeat a few thousand times with a few score asteroids and there you go :
Mars in your backyard .
This technique has been proposed as a way to drag Earth away from the ever - brightening sun that otherwise will eventually snuff out life on our planet .
It has some downsides , though .
One is that each time the asteroid comes by it ’ll exert a tidal force ten times greater than the moon ’s , wreaking havoc on the oceans and weather .
Another is that some Poindexter on the relocation team is bound to make a unit conversion error along the way , and when the asteroid slams into the Earth — well , that ’ll be a real pisser .
Luckily , we do n’t need to worry about things like that if we ’re moving Mars or Venus : if we make one planet go boom , we ’ve still got a spare .
Once we get the planet where we want it , though , we ’ve still got our hands full .
However bad the environment on Earth is , Venus ’s is worse .
Atmospheric pressure is roughly 92 times ours , the planet has no free oxygen or water to speak of , and the surface temp is hot enough to melt lead .
Mars has an extremely thin atmosphere but its temperature , while chilly , is n’t so bad , and it ’ll get warmer when it ’s closer to the sun .
That alone might cause enough melting at the Martian poles to release ice - bound CO 2 and create a greenhouse effect .
If not , we can always try focusing the sun ’s rays with orbital mirrors or crashing ( smaller ) asteroids into the ice .
Not done yet .
Both Venus and Mars lack a substantial magnetic field , a problem for two reasons .
The first , as I ’ve explained before , is that a magnetic field protects surface inhabitants from space radiation .
The second is that the magnetic field helps keep the planet ’s atmosphere from being stripped away by the solar wind .
While we do n’t know exactly why Mars lost its atmosphere or how much it had to start with ( a probe is being launched in 2013 to shed light on these stumpers ) , the absence of a magnetic field is a likely culprit and would probably put the kibosh on its retaining an atmosphere in the future .
You may object that Venus seems to be hanging on to its atmosphere just fine , but do n’t be deceived — it ’s shedding atmosphere too .
It just has so much more to lose that it ’ll take a long time to reach Earth ’s atmospheric density .
In short , moving planets does n’t seem like a cost - effective use of federal funds , although given some of the other ventures we ’re pouring tax dollars into it ’s not something I ’d completely rule out .
( Note that NASA did raise the possibility in a press release dated April 1 . )
I hate to be one of those use - sunscreen type of guys , but the most economical thing to do is quit scuzzing up the planet we ’ve got .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An art student from University of Central Lancashire ( Uclan ) in Preston has shown off her disappearing car .
However , with the Cubs recent postseason ineptitude and the potential for many teams throughout the league to make a major jump if they can pick up another blue chip starting pitcher , the National League seems like it will feature a much more competitive and interesting playoff push .
We do n’t have the same type of three - way race in the NL that is shaking out in the AL .
There are only a few top - tier teams , with the Cubs topping that list and the Phillies and Mets trying to elbow their way into contention for the number two and three spots .
It appears many National League ball clubs are taking a page out of an American League strategy manual .
The amount of teams that can straight out slug is kind of staggering , especially when you consider the dearth of starting pitching in the traditionally defensive - minded senior circuit .
NL East
1. New York Mets – 91-71 2 . Philadelphia Phillies – 89-73 3 . Florida Marlins – 86-76 4 . Atlanta Braves – 81-81 5 . Washington Nationals – 65-97
The NL East is nowhere close to its American League counterpart in terms of potential and powerhouse squads , there is a fair amount of talent here .
I ’m skeptical how the Phillies will hold up in their bid to defend the crown , especially considering how their starting rotation has only gotten shakier with Cole Hamels ’ early season elbow issues and Jamie Moyer ’s doctors having problems defrosting him from his cryogenic stasis chamber where he " lives " during the off - season .
I ’m also not so confident in awarding the " choke - artist " Mets with a first - place nod , but you have to think a team that blew 29 saves last year ( with 11 of them coming after Billy Wagner went down ) will be able to punch in at least a couple more wins by adding the two best closers from the free - agent market .
Unfortunately , Francisco Rodriguez and J.J. Putz wo n’t be able to pitch two innings a piece every night , which leaves the Mets with nearly as questionable a rotation as Philadelphia .
The one team in the division who seems to have a stacked starting five is surprisingly the Florida Marlins .
Their young arms have the potential to really make a run in this division , especially with a power - hitting infield and upcoming star and leadoff man Cameron Maybin in centerfield .
If Florida ’s rotation can consistently show the flashes of excellence it did last season , baseball may be relevant again in South Beach this summer , even if no one is watching .
The Braves did themselves a favor by adding Derek Lowe , who did a stellar job blanking the Phills in the opener , so class - A choker and general baseball incompetent Javier Vazquez would n’t need to be their ace .
However , there are enough holes on this team to let them slide below the upstart Marlins .
As far as the Nationals , well , my mother always taught me that if you have nothing nice to say , do n’t say anything at all .
NL Central
1. Chicago Cubs – 102-60 2 . St. Louis Cardinals – 88-74 3 . Cincinnati Reds – 87-75 4 . Milwaukee Brewers – 86-76 5 . Houston Astros – 74-88 6 . Pittsburgh Pirates – 59 - 103
The Cubs , once again , are above and beyond the favorites in the central .
After adding Milton Bradley to combat the universe ’s most significant problem since the O - Zone layer started World War II , the Cubs found a left - handed power bat to give their lineup some balance .
The rest of the division contenders – or should I say wild card contenders – are teams chock - full of batting orders that are going to flat out belt the ball , but all of their suspect pitching issues .
The Cardinals are the front runner of this pack , as they will rely heavily on Adam Wainwright and Chris Carpenter to come back from injury - plagued seasons to complement a spanking new lineup featuring up - and - comers Skip Schumaker , Rick Ankiel , Ryan Ludwick and Colby Rasmus .
The Reds actually have the starting rotation with the most potential , but also the most amount of question marks behind them in terms of defense .
If strikeout wizard Aaron Harang can regain his form and join follicle - ly - challenged pitcher Bronson Arroyo and a crew of young phenoms with high ceilings ( Edison Volquez , Johnny Cueto and triple - A - bound Homer Bailey ) , the Reds may just put up the best rotation aside from the Cubs in the league , let alone the division .
Though it hurts me to do so , I have to slot the Brew - crew into a fourth place finish .
After losing CC Sabathia and Ben Sheets , you have to imagine this young , exciting team is going to slide .
Seriously , how much can Yovani Gallardo make up for a team otherwise depleted of any starting pitching ?
The Astros and Pirates will duke it out for the cellar honors in the division , with the Astros having the slight edge to end up at five since they actually have players on their team that you can name .
How much longer Carlos Lee and Lance Berkman can thrash the ball is up in the air , especially with minimal support from anyone but Roy Oswalt .
And in Pittsburgh they ’re just celebrating that their team decided it ’s going to try and sign its draft picks from now on , instead of letting them skip town on the first flight out of Pittsburgh International .
NL West
1. Los Angeles Dodgers – 88-74 2 . Arizona Diamondbacks – 84-78 3 . San Francisco Giants – 83-79 4 . Colorado Rockies – 71-91 5 . San Diego Padres – 65-97
The Dodgers will tremendously benefit from a full season of Manny , assuming he can keep focused and his legs do n’t give out in the absence of a designated hitter position to spell his aging legs .
Both of these are big if ’s , but the Dodgers hope their farm system has produced some solid starters after losing a couple of their front - line guys who shut down the Cubs in the first round of last year ’s playoffs .
The D - Backs have lost a lot of pitching behind Brandon Webb and Dan Haren , but the bigger problem out in the desert may be if Arizona ’s cast of supposed young stars like Chris Young and Justin Upton continue to falter .
The Giants could be poised to make a move after adding some veteran rotation depth in area monster and future Hall of Famer Randy Johnson .
If rookie Pablo Sandoval can live up to comparisons to Albert Pujols and Vladimir Guerrero , watch out NL West .
The Rockies and Padres are without a doubt in rebuilding phases , which wo n’t sit well with ultra-competitive Rockies shortstop Tyler Tulowitzki who is coming back from a down year .
If he can show the same talent he did in his 2007 campaign , Denver fans may have something else to root for come August other than a clean - shaven Kyle Orton ( Editor ’s Note : Ha-ha . )
The Padres , forced to slash payroll to make the team appealing to potential buyers , will hopefully get a solid cast of young players when they no doubt trade Jake Peavy in the middle of the season .
Other than that , they will be irrelevant for most of the season .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government on Friday said it would drop charges in an espionage case against two pro-Israel lobbyists because it was unlikely to win at trial and classified information would have to be disclosed .
Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman , former American Israel Public Affairs Committee officials , were accused of conspiring with a former Pentagon analyst to provide defense information to foreign government officials , policy analysts and the media .
“ Given the diminished likelihood the government will prevail at trial under the additional intent requirements imposed by the court and the inevitable disclosure of classified information that would occur at any trial in this matter , we have asked the court to dismiss the indictment , ” Dana Boente , acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , said in a statement .
Last week , Representative Jane Harman asked the Justice Department to release secretly taped telephone calls to show she did not intervene in the case .
The New York Times had reported that Harman was overheard on calls intercepted by the National Security Agency in 2005 in which she appeared to agree to seek lenient treatment for the lobbyists .
A former Pentagon analyst , Lawrence Franklin , pleaded guilty to disclosing information to Rosen and Weissman from early 2002 through June 2004 .
The defense for the lobbyists had argued that U.S. government officials regularly conveyed sensitive , nonpublic information to the defendants and others at AIPAC , with the expectation it would be disclosed to foreign government officials and the news media .
Defense attorneys said the case had taken a toll on their clients who had lost their jobs and were “ shunned by many in their community . ”
Abbe Lowell , one of the defense lawyers , said he believed the change in administration had an impact on the outcome because President Barack Obama has stressed greater openness and the government likely took a fresh look at the case .
“ I think it did matter that there was a new one ( administration ) , ” Lowell told reporters .
A Justice Department spokesman said : “ This was strictly a legal decision and nothing more . ”
China has confirmed its first case of swine flu , with health officials in Chengdu saying a local man named Bao has tested positive .
He recently flew back to Sichuan Province from the United States and more than 130 passengers from his flight are now in quarantine .
Bao , 30 , is being treated at Chengdu Infectious Disease Hospital and is reportedly in a reasonable condition .
The man took a Northwest Airlines flight from Minneapolis / St Paul , Minnesota , which stopped in Tokyo and landed at Beijing .
He also took a flight on Sichuan Airlines from Beijing to Chengdu .
Local media reports say the man developed flu - like symptoms on the flight from Beijing to Chengdu .
More hospitals are now being designated as centres to handle any widespread infection .
Chengdu 's airport terminal is also being disinfected .
In the past Chinese authorities have been attacked for being too slow to respond to medical emergencies but this time the government is having to ward off criticism for being overzealous in its caution .
- ABC / Reuters
JERUSALEM ( AP ) 
On the eve of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's crucial visit to Washington , his defense minister suggested Saturday the Israeli leader might be ready to endorse a Palestinian state when he meets President Obama .
That would be a significant shift for Netanyahu , who has made clear in the past that he does not think the Palestinians are ready to rule themselves .
But that position has put him at odds with long - standing U.S. policy that supports Palestinian statehood as the cornerstone of Mideast peace efforts .
" I think and believe that Netanyahu will tell Obama this government is prepared to go for a political process that will result in two peoples living side by side in peace and mutual respect , " Defense Minister Ehud Barak told Channel 2 TV on Saturday .
Barak said he thought an agreement with the Palestinians could be achieved within three years .
However , he did not explicitly use the word state in his remark , leaving open other options for Netanyahu .
After the Israeli prime minister met with Jordan 's king Thursday , a senior Jordanian government official said Netanyahu was likely to endorse a two - state solution when he meets Obama on Monday .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter .
At their meeting , the two allies will be grappling with diverging policies on how to approach the Mideast conflict .
They do not see eye - to - eye on the Palestinian issue or on the Obama administration 's efforts to open dialogue with Syria and Iran .
Netanyahu has hinted he would be prepared to take military action against Iran to stop it from developing nuclear weapons — something Vice President Biden has said would be " ill - advised . "
Israeli and foreign media reported this week that CIA Director Leon Panetta secretly visited Israel earlier this month and asked for advance warning of any military strike against Iranian nuclear facilities .
If the Israeli leader does endorse a Palestinian state , he will almost certainly want something in return from Obama — a tougher line on reining in Iran .
Netanyahu does n't believe Tehran 's claims that its nuclear program is peaceful and sees Iran as the crux of the Mideast 's problems , with its nuclear ambitions , military arsenal and anti-Israel proxies , Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon .
He traveled to Egypt and Jordan this week to try to rally Arab support against Iran .
That approach is at odds with Washington's , which sees movement toward Palestinian statehood as key to pressuring Tehran to keep its nuclear program peaceful .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton pointedly made that linkage last month .
" For Israel to get the kind of strong support it is looking for vis -a - vis Iran , it can't stay on the sidelines with respect to the Palestinians and the peace efforts , " she said .
Jordan 's King Abdullah II said earlier this month the U.S. was preparing a new " combined approach " to the Middle East that will aim for a comprehensive peace among Israelis , Palestinians and the broader Arab world based on a two - state solution .
Obama could lay out his vision in a June 4 speech on U.S. relations with the Muslim world that he plans to deliver from Egypt .
Even if Netanyahu pays lip service to a Palestinian state , it wo n't be easy for his hawkish government to make the leap to sweeping concessions such as freezing Jewish settlement in the West Bank and sharing the holy city of Jerusalem .
Netanyahu has said the old formula of trading land for peace has been unsuccessful .
He has suggested focusing instead on building up the Palestinian economy and security services loyal to moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
But Netanyahu has acknowledged neither track is a substitute for political negotiations .
And on trips to Egypt and Jordan last week , he said he wanted to quickly renew talks with Palestinians that stalled last year without any breakthrough .
Aides say he favors giving Palestinians the powers to govern themselves but minus the powers that could threaten Israel — establishing an army , making treaties with states including Iran , importing heavy weapons , or controlling air space close to Israel 's international airport .
Netanyahu could also announce some progress on resuming peace negotiations with Syria .
Last year , Turkey mediated indirect talks between the enemies but Syria halted them over the Gaza war .
The recent messages for both sides were not encouraging .
On Friday , Syrian President Bashar Assad said his country was interested in resuming indirect talks but does not see the new Israeli government as a good partner .
Syria is demanding Israel cede all the Golan Heights , territory captured from Syria in the 1967 Mideast war .
" When we have a specific vision and when there is a partner , then we can speak about a date to resume peace talks , " Assad said .
But just days ago , Netanyahu said Israel would not leave the Golan .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Drunk of the Week Shawn and Elise
kelly o
What are these two adults doing , already drunk at 3:35 on a Sunday afternoon , sitting on two funny - looking tricycles in front of a bar in Queen Anne ?
They just finished racing a bunch of other adults , who were also already drunk , also on tricycles , down a huge hill — from Targy 's on top of Queen Anne , all the way down to Ozzie's .
What a race !
There 's something so sublime about the spectacle of a full - grown man toppling over the handlebars of his baby bike while a young urban professional watches in disbelief while watering his overly manicured McMansion lawn .
Drunk trike - riding is the new disc golf , mark my words .
Tons more photos , video and info at trikeforbeers.com .
A SPECIAL MESSAGE TO THE CHILDREN OF THE WORLD — — — — — — — — — — — — —— —-
__Hello .
This website is not DGamer .
This is Wired.com , a news website where we write articles about videogames .
For example , the article below is about DGamer .
__
You cannot sign up for DGamer by commenting on this article , as at least ten of you have tried , every day , for the past two years .
You CAN sign up for DGamer by going to Disney 's official DGamer website and clicking the button that says " Register . "
Yes , we realize that when you type " dgamer sign up " into Google , this is the first page in the list of results .
That does not mean that this is the sign up page for DGamer .
We hope that you take this knowledge with you as you continue to explore the World Wide Internet .
You are the future of our planet .
God help us .
\–Chris Kohler
February 16 , 2010
Alongside the upcoming Prince Caspian movie tie - in title for the DS , Disney is launching a service called DGamer that adds chat functionality and social networking aspects , as well as Xbox 360 - esque Achievement tracking and personalization options .
The service , which will be contained within all future Disney DS game cartridges , seeks to tie gamers ' gameplay experiences to the Disney family of websites ( Club Penguin , Disney.com , etc ) in a persistent world , giving players the same addictive experience that has made the Xbox 360's stat tracking capabilities such a success .
Seemingly taking a page from Sony 's oft - delayed Home , the service also gives gamers a chance to customize a 3 - D avatar for themselves , which can be decorated using pre-built wardrobe options or unlockable options found in the games themselves .
Of course , Disney is n't giving children free reign to express themselves .
The entire system is moderated by a human moderation team as well as built - in safeguards ( whitelist dictionaries for chat , for instance ) , and Disney is seemingly very committed to protecting the children in their virtual care .
In addition to the moderation system , children need to acquire permission from their guardians to access many of the system 's functionality .
My Orwell - sense tingles at the mere mention of any kind of censorship , but without such a rigorous system in place , DGamer would quickly devolve into a morass similar to the GameFAQs message boards .
As far as mulitplayer gaming goes , DGamer introduces a system that could be essentially deemed " Friend Codes Lite . "
Amazingly , it completely bypasses Nintendo's own system ( Disney , being the DS ' second largest third - party publisher , has a lot of sway ) and uses its own proprietary code system for hooking gamers together .
It wo n't be less complex than the Nintendo system , but hopefully the codes will be shorter than the current 16 - number iterations .
If all of this sounds like a marketeer 's wet dream when it comes to targeting the under - 13 set , you 're getting the idea .
Disney would n't confirm nor deny the possibility for targeted advertisements with the system , or the idea that customization options could be added as microtransactions , but I get the feeling that there are a long line of PR folks at the House of Mouse who are salivating over the possible revenue streams DGamer introduces .
Given Disney 's ability to store endless reams of player information on the DGamer servers – which is then streamed and updated via the DS '
Wi -Fi – and the cache the company holds with juvenile gamers , barring any huge errors , the system should be a huge success .
Everyone comes to the Freak Show , to laugh at the Freaks and the Geeks
Everyone comes to the Freak Show , but nobody laughs when they leave
SOME FINDINGS SOME FINDINGS
The survey of ER doctors found : 65.3 % of the doctors estimated they had encountered " two or more " cases of suspected police abuse per year .
of the doctors estimated they had encountered " two or more " cases of suspected police abuse per year .
1.3 % believed that excessive force occurred " very often . "
believed that excessive force occurred " very often . "
54.3 % thought excessive force occurred often or " sometimes . "
Nearly 98 % of emergency room physicians report that they believe some patients were victims of suspected excessive force by police , a national survey concludes .
Yet most of the suspected incidents went unreported because no laws require physicians to alert authorities .
The survey of 315 physicians , contained in the Emergency Medicine Journal 's January issue and based on 2002 data , is believed to be the first doctors ' account of suspected police brutality , says H. Range Hutson , the lead author and assistant professor of emergency medicine at Harvard .
BETTER LIFE :
More on doctor ethics , hospital staffing
The responses were based on interactions with patients who were brought in by police or who said officers caused their injuries .
Ninety - five percent of the doctors reported injuries caused by fists and feet .
Hutson says the survey and analysis of findings were in the works for years .
National police groups challenged the survey , saying it would be hard for physicians to know if injuries resulted from excessive force if they were not present during the encounters .
Unlike cases of suspected domestic violence , elderly abuse and child abuse , which doctors must report to authorities , physicians are not required to notify anyone of suspected excessive force by police , Hutson says .
The report says the findings suggest national emergency medicine groups and police should develop guidelines for " this complex issue . "
Criminal justice analysts say the survey represents an important new source of information .
" Excessive force is a huge issue , " says Geoff Alpert , a criminologist at the University of South Carolina .
" This is another angle on excessive force that has n't been looked at . "
Hutson says the survey does not necessarily mean abuse is rampant .
Jim Pasco , executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police , the nation 's largest police union , says ER doctors " have no way of knowing what amount of force was required " in encounters with suspects .
Jim McMahon , chief of staff for the International Association of Chiefs of Police , also questions how physicians would know if the " injuries constituted excessive force . "
If doctors are concerned , he says , hospitals should establish policies for reporting the incidents to local agencies .
" I would think that hospitals , from a liability standpoint , would have a policy to report it , " he says .
Justice Department statistics show federal prosecutors are pursuing more abuse cases in which law enforcement officers allegedly used excessive force .
Prosecutors filed 281 such cases from 2001 to 2007 , up from 224 in the previous seven years .
" The fear among police is that any kind of reporting will go against them , " says University of Pittsburgh law professor David Harris , who analyzes police behavior .
" It 's time to put that notion aside . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 March 7
Comet Lulin and Distant Galaxies
Credit & Copyright : Johannes Schedler ( Panther Observatory )
Explanation : Now fading in our night sky , Comet Lulin has provided some lovely cosmic vistas .
Moving rapidly against the background of stars , Lulin briefly posed with the likes of Saturn , and Regulus ( Alpha Leo ) .
But here it is seen against a field of distant galaxies .
To reveal the faint background galaxies and trace the comet 's fading tail , the remarkable picture is a blended composite of telescopic exposures aligned with the both the stars and the speedy comet .
The largest galaxies seen left of the comet 's head or coma are cataloged as NGC 3016 , NGC 3019 , NGC 3020 and NGC 3024 and lie at a distance of 100 million light - years or so .
When the exposures were made , on February 28 , the comet was about 3.6 light - minutes from Earth .
Things are changing , though with the release of Jaspersoft BI Suite 3.5 , which will enable users to run their analysis without the need to always have a data warehouse or even a local on - premises installation .
Jaspersoft 's open source BI competitor Pentaho is also improving its BI suite , with a new release targeted at the cloud .
Together , the open source BI vendors are trying to shake off the notion that open source merely replicates what already exists in proprietary software .
Their new BI releases come at time when enterprises are increasingly looking to cut costs and , in many cases , are exploring Software as a Service ( SaaS ) and the cloud as vehicles of cost optimization .
" I think we 've done a lot of clever thinking internally to help us understand what we need to do differently , " Brian Gentile , CEO of Jaspersoft , told InternetNews.com .
" We know that as an open source company , if all we do is replicate the BI stacks of the past , we will surely have missed a big opportunity .
So I think version 3.5 is a perfect example of doing it better . "
The glorious Barack Obama , broad - minded humanitarian universalist that he is , promised to reverse the wickedness of the Bush administration , which ran a prison camp in Guantánamo Bay and kept pictures of ruthless abuse from public view to save the face of Bush .
Bush the despot !
Obama the savior !
And sure enough , after taking office , Obama did something or other toward closing that prison camp just off our shores , along with its secret military trials and abuse .
How the partisans cheered on one side and booed on the other .
Except that just the other day , Obama quietly reversed himself .
Now the camps must stay .
After all , there are real enemies there , the “ worst of the worst . ”
The trials will still be in secret .
The military will still run them , because , you know , you just ca n’t trust those civilian courts to arrive at the right verdict .
As for those pictures of abuse , Obama ca n’t allow those to be seen .
What were they thinking ?
Why , for our Islamic enemies to have access to those will only give them a weapon to whip up their countries in some sort of anti-U.S. frenzy .
Is the idea that if we do not release those pictures that the Islamic world will come to believe that the prisoners in Guantánamo and other venues are treated decently , with three square meals per day , awaiting trial by jury ?
Clearly the reason for blocking the photos is not to embarrass the U.S. state with its own people .
No surprise here : the state ’s interest is mainly in protecting itself .
That ’s why it does what it does .
Of course the Republicans played their appointed role as guardians of the torture power and celebrated when Obama reversed his previous position and his campaign promise .
Finally he is taking his responsibility as head of state .
But how is it possible that the great humanitarian universalist reversed himself at all , even against his own promises and even to the point that the ACLU is protesting ?
Well , it is all about thinking like the state .
It took his administration a bit to get the hang of it in international affairs but it was just a matter of applying the logic of his domestic program , which is all - controlling .
Think of it this way .
Even if Obama wanted to be another way , wanted to bring a new sense of things to government , it is not difficult to slip into the role of a despot .
That is , after all , the job he campaigned for years to get and the job he now holds .
Think of it this way .
Let ’s say you are a health geek who is dedicated to the proposition that Americans eat too much junk food .
But then you are hired as the manager of the local doughnut shop .
Your first day on the job you issue mild warnings to customers that they should go easy on the double - dozen purchases .
Everyone around you thinks you are out of your mind .
It only takes a few days to realize that you are in fact crazy to talk this way .
The more doughnuts people buy , the better off you are and the better off your employees are .
You are working against your own success by promoting other forms of eating .
Of course you change your tune !
And would that the state were like a doughnut shop .
As Butler Shaffer points out in his new book Boundaries of Order — which argues that the state is unviable in our times — “ every political system is nothing more than a mechanism that allows some to benefit at the expense of the many through violent takings of property … .
Politics is unthinkable without property trespasses and takings . ”
This is why “ there are no fundamental differences among major political parties : at their core , each embraces the authority of the state to regulate how property will be owned and used . ”
The state is driven by its own internal interests , which can only be fulfilled at the expense of society .
The state operates according to the principle of violence .
Violence is the ultimate bargaining tool of the state .
This is true in domestic and foreign relations , whether running a health program or a prison camp .
It is particularly telling that Obama cited the grave threat that these poor slobs — who are in Guantánamo because they dared fight against the interests of the Holy American Empire — represent to all of us .
As Shaffer writes , “ Because of our willingness to huddle at the feet of political officials whenever we feel ourselves threatened , the state will feed us an endless supply of fear - objects with which to assure our continuing submission .
This is why the well - being of the state is dependent upon the war system . ”
This is how I can predict only muted protests from the left concerning Obama ’s betrayal .
So long as he continues to expand the state in the domestic area — inflating , taxing , regulating , nationalizing — they will put up with abuses of the human rights that they claim to champion .
Guantánamo is a metaphor .
How those prisoners are treated is a mere foreshadowing of how we will all be treated under the total state .
Books by Lew Rockwell
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Worries about the effects of a deepening recession sent stocks to early - 1997 levels , as concerns about the health of big banks continued to spread to other sectors .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 250.89 points , or 3.4 % , to 7114.78 , its lowest close since May 7 , 1997 .
It rallied briefly at the open on news that the government is in discussions to take a large stake in Citigroup , before heading down steadily .
By ...
When lovable nerds Gilbert and Lewis embark on their freshman year at Adams College , little do they realize the dangers that await them .
They are beset by taunting from the jocks of Alpha Beta fraternity , which only worsens when the jocks accidentally burn down their house and toss the freshmen out of the freshmen dorm .
To make matters more problematic , Lewis develops a crush on pretty Betty Childs , popular sorority sister and quarterback 's girlfriend .
Joined by the aptly named Booger and the violin - playing Poindexter , the nerds soon realize they must form their own fraternity in self - defense .
Soon the tables are turned as the nerds employ high - tech warfare against the jocks .... but can they really succeed and make a difference ?
Written by Rick Munoz < rick.munoz@his.com >
Apple has rejected Eucalyptus , an ebook reader that facilitates downloading public domain books from Project Gutenberg , because some Victorian books mention sex ( many of these same books can be bought as ebooks through the iPhone Kindle reader or purchased as audiobooks from the iTunes store ) .
It 's amazing to think that in 2009 a phone manufacturer wants to dictate which literature its customers should be allowed to download and read on their devices .
Thank you for submitting Eucalyptus — classic books , to go . to the App Store .
We 've reviewed Eucalyptus — classic books , to go .
and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store because it contains inappropriate sexual content and is in violation of Section 3.3.12 from the iPhone SDK Agreement which states :
" Applications must not contain any obscene , pornographic , offensive or defamatory content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , etc. ) , or other content or materials that in Apple 's reasonable judgement may be found objectionable by iPhone or iPod touch users . "
Please view the attached screenshot for further information .
From imap-return-@chumbly.math.missouri.edu
Thu Dec 7 09:30:56 2006
To : brownh@hartford-hwp.com
Mailing - List : contact imap-help@chumbly.math.missouri.edu ; run by ezmlm
Date : 7 Dec 2006 14:22:52 -0000
From : imap-help@chumbly.math.missouri.edu
Subject : imap Digest of : get.24814 Date : Tue , 5 Dec 2006 12:46:43 - 0600 ( CST )
To : undisclosed - recipients : ;
From : nytr@olm.blythe-systems.com
Subject : [ NYTr ] USrael — DIME Bomb : Yet Another Genotoxic Weapon
Message - Id : <200612051846.kB5IkhWY004074@pencil.math.missouri.edu >
http://freedomarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/news_freedomarchives.org
http://www.aljazeerah.info/Opinion%20editorials/2006%20Opinion%20Editorials/December/5%20o/US%20and%20Israel%20Targeting%20DNA%20in%20Gaza%20The%20DIME%20Bomb%20Yet%20Another%20Genotoxic%20Weapon,%20Part%20I%20By%20James%20Brooks.htm
The DIME Bomb : Yet Another Genotoxic Weapon , Part I
By James Brooks , Al - Jazeerah , 5 December 2006
It 's been almost five months since the first report that Israeli drone aircraft have been dropping a “ mystery weapon ” on Palestinians in the Gaza Strip .
Since then , news media around the world have run stories depicting the strange and “ horrific ” wounds inflicted by the new bomb .
The international press has spoken with Palestinian doctors and medics who say Israel 's new device is a kind of chemical weapon that has significantly increased the fatality rate among the victims of Israeli attacks . ( 1 ) ( 2 )
In mid-October , Italian investigators reported forensic evidence that suggests the new weapon may also represent the near future of US “ counterinsurgency warfare ” .
Combined with photographs of the victims and testimony from attending doctors , this evidence points to the use of Dense Inert Metal Explosives ( DIME ) . ( 3 )
DIME is an LCD ( ” low collateral damage ” ) weapon developed at the US Air Force Research Laboratory .
Publicly , it is slated for initial deployment in 2008 .
DIME bombs produce an unusually powerful blast within a relatively small area , spraying a superheated “ micro- shrapnel ” of powdered Heavy Metal Tungsten Alloy ( HMTA ) .
Scientific studies have found that HMTA is chemically toxic , damages the immune system , rapidly causes cancer , and attacks DNA ( genotoxic ) . ( 4- 11 )
It is unfortunate that the US media have virtually blacked out the story of Israel 's new weapon , not least because our own military may soon be using it in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The story might also have told us something about the grossly disproportionate brutality of Israel 's war on the Palestinian people — reason enough for the media to suppress it . ( 12 )
Thanks to the intrepid Italians , the story could even have introduced Americans to their government 's DIME weapons program .
This three - part article will ask whether Israel is ‘ testing ’ US DIME bombs in the Gaza Strip , and explore the workings , dangers , and projected use of DIME weapons and their roots in depleted uranium ( DU ) research .
These parallels will lead us to consider DIME in its historical context , as the latest innovation in the US military 's long - running development of genotoxic weapons .
“ They can not return to life again ”
The first reports about ‘ Israel 's new weapon ’ came from Dr Joma Al - Saqqa , chief of the emergency unit at Gaza 's largest hospital , Al - Shifa .
Dr. Al - Saqqa said that Israel was using “ a new ‘ chemical ’ weapon ” and its siege was “ a live exercise on a new ammunition that , so far , has resulted in killing 50 Palestinians and injuring 200 . ”
He observed that , “ despite the damage in internal soft tissue in the bodies of injured people , the fragments were not detected by X -ray .
In other words , they had disappeared or dissolved inside the body . ” ( 13 )
“ There were usually entry and exit wounds , ” Dr. Al - Saqqa reported .
“ When the wounds were explored no foreign material was found .
There was tissue death , the extent of which was difficult to determine .
A higher deep infection rate resulted with subsequent amputation .
In spite of amputation there was a higher mortality . ” ( 14 ) The effects of the weapon seemed “ radioactive ” .
( 15 ) According to Palestine News Network , Dr. Al - Saqqa “ confirmed that there were dozens of wounded legs and arms .
Many of them had been burned from the inside , and distorted to the point that they cannot return to life again . ” ( 16 )
“ When the shrapnel hit [s ] the body , it causes very strong burns that destroy the tissues around the bones … it burns and destroys internal organs , like the liver , kidneys , and the spleen and other organs and makes saving the wounded almost impossible .
As a surgeon , I have seen thousands of wounds during the Intifada , but nothing was like this weapon . ” ( 17 )
However , Dr. Al - Saqqa could not analyze the chemistry of the bizarre wounds .
On the first day of the siege , June 27 , Israel had conveniently destroyed Gaza 's only criminal laboratory .
( 18 ) Despite his pleas to the “ international community ” to investigate and lend assistance in treating the victims , “ no one has lifted a finger ” , the doctor was quoted in mid-July .
“ What we found were journalists who came to take pictures , but as for the medical community , nothing . ” ( 19 )
On August 3 , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) reported that Commissioner - General Karen AbuZayd had visited Dr. Al - Saqqa 's hospital , “ where the staff is struggling to deal with wounds resulting in an unusually high number of amputations . ”
Commissioner AbuZayd commented that “ what we saw in Al - Shifa … was rather horrific . ” ( 20 )
According to Merlin ( Medical Emergency Relief International ) , “ 75 per cent of war - wounded patients admitted at one hospital needed amputations ” following an Israeli attack on Gaza City . ( 21 )
The World Health Organization was reportedly considering an investigation into the injuries .
Physicians for Human Rights — Israel “ agreed to take away fragments of tissue from the bodies of Palestinians killed during the recent military operations in Gaza for possible analysis in Israel but urged the medics to seek an international investigation . ” ( 22 )
Tungsten in Tissue Samples : A DIME Weapon ?
On October 19 , Italy 's Rai24news televised an investigative report that supplied crucial new information .
The Italian investigators had tissue samples from the victims in Gaza analyzed by Dr. Carmela Vaccaio at University Parma .
Dr. Vaccaio reportedly found “ a very high concentration of carbon and the presence of unusual materials , such as copper , aluminum and tungsten . ”
The doctor concluded that her “ findings could be in line with the hypothesis that the weapon in question is DIME . ”
Rai24news reporters also talked to Maj. Gen. Yitzhak Ben-Israel , former chief of the IDF 's weapons development program .
General Ben-Israel appeared to be familiar with DIME weapons .
He explained that , “ one of the ideas is to allow those targeted to be hit without causing damage to bystanders or other persons . ”
( 23 ) The US Air Force refers to this emerging realm of weaponry as FLM ( Focused Lethality Munitions ) .
FLM is expected to provide the ‘ weapons of choice ’ for targeting “ terrorists hiding among civilians ” , as a cheerleading Wall Street Journal article put it . ( 24 )
With “ focused lethality [ and ] higher energy materials … nano particles , intelligent fuzing , [ and ] mass focus lethality ” , the Air Force “ will be able to strike effectively , wherever and whenever necessary , with minimal collateral damage . ”
Ominously , the military thinks these weapons will allow it to target sites “ previously off limits to the warfighter . ” ( 25 ) ( 26 )
This warfare of the future is reminiscent of what Israel has been doing for years , but with one - ton bombs , 155 - mm artillery shells , and tank - fired antipersonnel flechette bombs .
Are FLM weapons like DIME an improvement ?
Or will they actually increase civilian casualties and suffering , and mimic depleted uranium weapons by inducing disease and genetic damage in their victims ?
These disturbing questions will be explored in the next installment of this article .
References :
1 ) Palestinian injuries suggest Israel is using chemical weapons in Gaza Ma’an News , 7/10/2006 http://www.maannews.net/en/index.php?opr=ShowDetails&ID=13044
2 ) Israel used chemical weapons in Lebanon and Gaza By Jean Shaoul , Centre for Research on Globalization / wsws.org ,
10/24/2006 http://wsws.org/articles/2006/oct2006/isra-o24.shtml
3 ) Italian TV : Israel used new weapon prototype in Gaza Strip Ha’aretz , 10/19/2006 http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=772894
4 ) Dense Inert Metal Explosive ( DIME ) GlobalSecurity.org ,
10/18/2006 http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/systems/munitions/dime.htm
5 ) Abstract : Potential late health effects of depleted uranium and tungsten used in armor- piercing munitions : comparison of neoplastic transformation and genotoxicity with the known carcinogen nickel Miller , AC , et al , PubMed , 11/26/2006 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=11873492&dopt=Abstract
6 ) Neoplastic transformation of human osteoblast cells to the tumorigenic phenotype by heavy metal - tungsten alloy particles : induction of genotoxic effects Miller , AC , et al Carcinogenesis , Vol. 22 , No. 1 , 115-125 , January 2001 , Oxford University Press http://carcin.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/22/1/115
7 ) Abstract : Carcinogenic Potential of Depleted Uranium and Tungsten Alloys Alexandra C Miller , Ph. D. , Department Of Defense , Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute ( AFRRI )
http://www.deploymentlink.osd.mil/du_library/reports/projects/dod122.htm
8 ) Depleted uranium - catalyzed oxidative DNA damage : absence of significant alpha particle decay Miller , AC , et al , Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry , Issue 91 , 2002 pp. 246-252 http://www.afrri.usuhs.mil/www/outreach/pdf/tungsten_cancer.pdf
9 ) Embedded Weapons - Grade Tungsten Alloy Shrapnel Rapidly Induces Metastatic High - Grade Rhabdomyosarcomas in F344 Rats Kalinich et al , Environmental Health Perspectives Volume 113 , Number 6 , June 2005 http://www.ehponline.org/members/2005/7791/7791.html
10 ) Abstract : Effect of the militarily - relevant heavy metals , depleted uranium and heavy metal tungsten - alloy on gene expression in human liver carcinoma cells ( HepG2 ) By Miller , AC , et al , SpringerLink / Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry , 1/1/2004 http://www.springerlink.com/content/u8830115617471jl/
11 ) Preconceptional paternal exposure to radiation or heavy metals like cadmium can induce cancer in unexposed offspring By Alexandra C. Miller , Rafael Rivas , Robert J. Merlot and Paul , Carcinogenesis 5 : Environmental and Endogenous Carcinogens / Proc Amer Assoc Cancer Res , Volume 47 , 2006 http://www.aacrmeetingabstracts.org/cgi/content/abstract/2006/1/448-b>
12 ) If Americans Knew http://www.ifamericansknew.org/>http://www.ifamericansknew.org/
13 ) Israel ‘ is using chemical ammunition ’ in Gaza By Duraid Al Baik , Centre for Research on Globalization / Gulf News , 6/13/2006 http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=viewArticle&code=AL%2020060713&articleId=2730
14 ) Are New Weapons Being Used In Gaza and Lebanon By David Halpin MB BS FRCS , Electronic Intifada , 8/14/2006 http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article5528.shtml
15 ) Ministry of Health report on toxic Israeli weapons confirmed by Gaza City medical sources Palestine News Network , 7/13/2006 http://www.pnn.ps/english/archive2006/jul/week2/130706/report5.htm
16 ) ibid .
17 ) Doctors Report Unusual Weapon Used in Gaza Pacifica / Free Speech Radio News
7/11/2006 http://www.pacifica.org/programs/fsrn/fsrn_060711.html
18 ) Israel ‘ is using chemical ammunition ’ in Gaza Centre for Research on Globalization / Gulf News , 6/13/2006 http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=viewArticle&code=AL%2020060713&articleId=2730
19 ) Ministry of Health report on toxic Israeli weapons confirmed by Gaza City medical sources Palestine News Network , 7/13/2006 http://www.pnn.ps/english/archive2006/jul/week2/130706/report5.htm
20 ) UNRWA Commissioner - General Karen AbuZayd : “ Please do n’t forget what 's going on in Gaza ” ReliefWeb / UNRWA , 8/3/2006 http://www.reliefweb.int/rw/RWB.NSF/db900SID/EVOD-6SBJDR?OpenDocument&rc=3&emid=ACOS-635PFR
21 ) Hospitals in Gaza overwhelmed and running out of supplies Electronic Intifada / Merlin , 8/8/2006 http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article5455.shtml
22 ) Gaza doctors encounter ‘ unexplained injuries ' Donald Macintyre , The Independent 9/4/2006 http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1359830.ece
23 ) Italian TV : Israel used new weapon prototype in Gaza Strip Ha’aretz , 10/12/2006 http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=772894
24 ) Air Force seeks a bomb with less bang By Greg Jaffe , The Wall Street Journal / Pittsburgh Post - Gazette , 4/11/2006 http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/06096/679996-84.stm
25 ) Munition Technology Drivers By Col. Thomas “ Mas ” Masiell , Air Force Research Laboratory ,
12/1/2006 http://www.dtic.mil/ndia/2001munitions/masiello.pdf
26 ) USAF Unfunded Priority List ( UPL ) SAF / FMB POC , FY 2007 , February 2006 , Page 54 http://wwwd.house.gov/hasc_democrats/Issues%20109th/unfunded/AF%20UFR%20FY07.pdf
' A four - year - old child could understand this !
Run out and find me a four - year - old child . "
For the past year or so , this Groucho Marx line from the 1933 classic Duck Soup might well have been tattooed on the inside of my eyelids .
This is what happens when you undertake the challenge of writing a book for children about a subject as complex and , at times , depressing as climate change .
With every turn of phrase , I 've had to remind myself that we must never underestimate a child 's intelligence , or their capacity and eagerness to learn something new .
But as I struggled to explain concepts such as , say , the albedo effect , chlorofluorocarbons and the Milankovitch cycles , I was forever troubled by a central question : what is the right age to tell a child about climate change ?
And , furthermore , how do you go about discussing a subject that will be an increasingly impactful and predominantly negative presence in their lives ?
Should we be shielding children from the bad news for as long as possible ?
Or do they deserve to know the truth as early as possible ?
After all , their generation will have to pick up the tab , as well as live with much of the fallout .
If there had been enough room on the insides of my eyelids to write it , I would probably have squeezed in another pertinent quote : " War is never so ugly as when you explain it to children . "
Climate change has joined a long and growing list of difficult subjects - a death in the family , terrorist attacks , poverty , drugs , bullying , natural disasters , racism - that can leave parents and teachers flailing in search of ways to explain them without leaving a child traumatised , perplexed or angry .
( Could it even supersede that oh - so - awkward conversation about the birds and the bees as the on - the - knee chat that parents most dread ? )
As a topic for discussion with children , climate change is challenging on two levels .
First , in terms of the underlying science , it can be very complicated to explain .
But it also throws up so many vexed issues , especially when you move on to who's to blame and what the solutions might be .
Climate change oozes politics from every pore , which is what makes it such a controversial subject with so many adults .
Inevitably , my own children were my first point of reference .
My six - year - old daughter , Esme , the eldest of three , is so far the only one with any concept of climate change .
I do n't think she knows the term itself , but she has brought home from school related talk of how " leaving lights on can cause the ice that polar bears live on to melt " .
" That 's right , " I responded warmly , congratulating her on knowing such a thing .
But then I wavered : do I really want her to be fretting about the fate of polar bears , a cuddly , miniature version of which currently sits on her bed ?
This is a child , after all , who will start crying when she sees roadkill lying limp on a verge .
Would it be better to couch talk of conserving energy in terms of saving money for her parents ?
I can well remember some of my own vertiginous epiphanies from childhood .
For example , reading Raymond Briggs 's
When the Wind Blows left me cowering under the sheets at night , fearful that the Russians would nuke us all at any moment .
Did this instruct me about the realities of the big , bad world ?
It helped to politicise me , but I could have done without the cold sweats .
My conclusion from having written the book is that it must be all about tone , balance and timing .
Esme 's primary school has been excellent at instilling in her a sense of wonder about wildlife and the wider environment , as well as the need to recycle and not waste resources such as water and electricity .
Naturally , I too try to nurture an interest in her , but joining the dots to reach a wider understanding that our climate is changing - and that we humans are to blame - seems quite a way off and I 'm happy not to push it too hard .
In fact , the national curriculum dictates that climate change need not enter a child 's formal education until the age of 11 , the start of secondary school and key stage 3 .
Since September 2008 , it has stated that the study of science should include an understanding that " human activity and natural processes can lead to changes in the environment " , which includes the impact on the climate of burning fossil fuels .
In geography , " environmental interaction and sustainable development " are now taught as " key concepts " to key stage 3 students aged between 11 and 14 .
The topic of climate change is creeping into citizenship classes , too .
However , the subject 's introduction has not come without controversy .
In 2007 , a school governor in Kent took the government to the high court over its decision to distribute An Inconvenient Truth , Al Gore 's Oscar - winning documentary , to secondary schools across England , saying he did not want " our young people indoctrinated with this political spin " .
He failed to get the film banned , but the judge did order that the DVD be accompanied by guidance giving the " other side of the argument " .
But should we be leaving the job of explaining climate change to secondary school teachers ?
Can the subject be raised with younger children ?
Debi Gliori , the popular children 's illustrator , believes so .
Last year , Bloomsbury published The Trouble with Dragons , Gliori 's book aimed at five - to seven - year - olds , which describes how when " dragons " chop down trees , build roads , eat lots of food and " blow out lots of hot air " , it helps to destroy the world around them .
" Children do n't like being lied to , " says Gliori .
" This is their world , too .
They will inherit it .
It is n't a Disney movie .
I like to use euphemism in my books because I do n't want to frighten them .
I want to tell them the truth , but I use dragons to talk about the big stuff .
I have had children become upset at talks I 've given , though .
Once they realise that the dragons represent us , they have asked questions such as , ' Does that mean there will be no world left for us ? '
I do sometimes feel guilty about interrupting their world .
It does n't make you many friends writing about things like this , but I just do n't like lying to children . "
Professor Hugh Montgomery , an intensive - care consultant and the director of University College London 's Institute for Human Health and Performance , spends his downtime writing children 's books .
The Genie in the Bottle is aimed at the 7 - to - 11 age group and tells the " simple story of climate change : how fossil fuels were laid down , how humans have changed the environment , how carbon is affecting the atmosphere and therefore how it might affect our future on this planet " .
The book forms the basis for lesson plans now being used by primary school teachers as part of the BT - sponsored Project Genie , an education - based programme focusing on climate change and sustainability , that has been trialled in 150 primary schools .
Montgomery is adamant that there is no such thing as too young when it comes to telling children about climate change : he has even told his three - year - old about the " stinky gases " damaging the planet .
" You can tell them as young as you want , " he says .
" Children are no more readily frightened than adults .
It 's a question of context .
We must avoid the conspiracy of silence .
In my work in healthcare , I find that children dying of cancer usually know well before their parents think their child knows .
We must n't underestimate them .
I 've spoken to five - year - olds in schools about climate change .
They understand the idea of carbon dioxide .
I show them a piece of coal and describe it as " fossilised salad " .
But I will also talk about how people are at risk of dying if we do n't tackle climate change .
We should n't give them mixed messages . "
He stresses that the way we tell them about climate change is important .
" It 's exactly the same with my patients .
If someone is at risk of coronary disease - they 're overweight , they smoke etc - they need to be told the truth .
You have to tell them they are in a desperate situation .
But rather than overwhelm them with a new health regime , I will try to encourage them step - by - step by getting them to do some exercise first , before I get them to , say , stop eating buns .
Children can actually achieve massive change .
Pester power is crucial .
We know that from what we 've learned in healthcare .
Your own daughter telling you you 're going to die from smoking is much more powerful than any government poster saying so .
" Children love being given responsibility and being told they can do things without their parents .
In our Project Genie primary schools , children have achieved a 42 % - 72 % reduction in electricity use , simply by policing energy use themselves . "
Current thinking among educationalists and child psychologists seems to confirm that children can grasp a subject as cognitively and emotionally challenging as climate change .
" Children are much cleverer than previously thought , " says Frances Gardner , professor of child and family psychology at the University of Oxford 's Department of Social Policy and Social Work .
" They think outside themselves .
We generally believe now that we need to be more emotionally open about things with children .
A generation ago , death and grieving were shielded from children .
Children were n't taken to funerals , for example , but this is changing . "
Christine Howe , professor of education at the University of Cambridge 's Faculty of Education , believes that climate change should now be a recurring theme throughout the school curriculum .
" Relevant work could even be done in pre-school facilities , familiarising children with sources of ' hot ' and ' cold ' , " she says .
" However , early teaching should focus on manageable constructs and simple relations - with gradual scaling up over a very long period of time . "
But there are those who worry that by speaking to young children about climate change we could risk encouraging a sense of inertia , either by leaving them paralysed with fear , or cosseting them with reassuring talk of switching off phone chargers when we know that it wo n't make a blind bit of difference .
" I think telling five - to seven - year - olds is too young , " says George Marshall , a veteran climate - change campaigner , author , and founder of the Oxford - based Climate Outreach and Information Network .
" Maybe 10 - to 11 - year - olds is OK , but , in general terms , I try to teach my own children [ aged five and seven ] that we are living through an extraordinary period of change .
They actually seem quite excited by that .
I do n't talk to them about guilt , western lifestyles and things like that .
I do n't want to scare them .
It 's very different from , say , how children were told about the threat of the Nazis or the nuclear bomb .
They were an external enemy , whereas climate change is an enemy within .
We should be careful what we tell children when we have n't yet put our own house in order as adults .
Ultimately , I 'm not really persuaded by the argument that they are the next generation , because we have to tackle climate change so fast .
We have other priority audiences more important than children . "
No matter how many times I toss that last sentence around in my mind , I just can't accept it , no matter how ice cold and pragmatic its logic might be .
Surely , our children must be a priority when it comes to invoking a meaningful response to climate change ?
I believe so , and it's why I 've spent the past year writing a book aimed at 9 - to 12 - years - olds that will hopefully spark in its readers a lifelong concern about climate change and , more importantly , a passion to be part of the solution .
As my daughter Esme said to me the other day : " Why do n't we just stop hurting the planet ? "
I could n't have put it better myself
Far - right protesters tried to storm an old courthouse in central Athens Saturday where hundreds of illegal immigrants have lived for months amid piles of fetid rubbish and human waste without electricity , running water or sanitation .
The group of several dozen people hurled rocks and firecrackers at the eight - story building from the street and nearby buildings , while those living inside threw back slabs of masonry and bricks .
At least three people were hurt in the clashes , two of them with head injuries .
Police fired tear gas and stun grenades , and a tense standoff followed .
Some immigrants accused the police of ailing to protect them and said they would stand guard around the building throughout the night because of fears of further attacks .
The attack followed an anti-immigrant demonstration by the far - right Chrisi Avgi , or Golden Dawn group .
Scores of protesters waved banners reading " foreigners means crime " and " we have become foreigners in our own country . "
" We did n't do anything .
Why do they treat us like this ? " questioned Fouad , a 33 - year - old Moroccan immigrant living in the building .
" The police did nothing .
...
Here in Greece , human rights do n't exist . "
Left - wing and immigrants ' rights groups staged a counter - demonstration nearby , and riot police kept the two sides apart .
Greece is on a main smuggling route for immigrants heading to Europe , with tens of thousands entering the country every year .
Authorities say the Greece needs help to cope because it stands on Europe 's eastern frontier .
Thousands of the new arrivals head to the cities in search of work .
But with the global financial crisis beginning to bite in Greece , both immigrants and aid groups say jobs are becoming scarcer , leaving many unable to pay for even basic necessities .
Although Greece has not yet faced major layoffs , the economy is slowing and unemployment jumped to 9.4 percent in January .
Aid workers said Saturday that conditions at the courthouse had been allowed to spiral out of control and turn into a public health hazard .
The building is owned by an insurance fund and has been vacant since 2000 .
" It 's a lot worst now , " said Maurice , a 22 - year - old Algerian living among the estimated 500 squatters , mostly men from Morocco and Algeria , inside the old Appeals Court building .
" We live in misery . "
He , like all the other squatters willing to speak , would only give his first name for fear of trouble from the authorities .
" It is an epidemiological time bomb in the center of Athens , " said Nikitas Kanakis , head of the Greek section of the medical aid group Medecins du Monde ( Doctors of the World ) , which set up a mobile medical unit outside the building Friday .
The immigrants live amid piles of rubbish and human waste in former judges ' offices .
Several men share a room , with most using cardboard covered with the occasional blanket to sleep on .
With no sanitation , they use empty offices , the roof and even the corridors as toilets .
But the stench emanating from the building is so strong that it wafts across the street , a few hundred yards ( meters ) away from tourist hotels .
The immigrants began cleaning up the worst of the rotting garbage in the building this week , removing dozens of bags of trash .
It is unclear when the first immigrants broke in , but many say they have been there for months , even a year .
Medecins du Monde said the situation came to their attention in the last few days .
They believe diseases such as hepatitis are rife , while many of those seeking their help were suffering from skin complaints such as scabies .
" It 's clear that we do n't have the means to cover the massive health issues that this place has , " said Yiannis Mouzalas of Medecins du Monde .
He said authorities must help to sanitize and clean the building , and that they had been irresponsible in allowing the situation to become so severe .
" We consider it 's not possible for this situation to have been created without ( their ) knowledge , " he said .
" We are afraid that they have chosen irresponsibility so that the problem is solved by the police and through racism . "
Athens Deputy Mayor Eleftherios Skiadas told media that City Hall has no jurisdiction over abandoned private buildings .
This 18 page story originally appeared in the anthology Flight : Volume 4
My compost pile .
We renovated our deck last summer and I saved the old wood to build a compost bin .
Some young plants getting ready to transplant .
This year I am stepping the gardening game up from the container garden I had last year ( with less than spectacular results ) to a 4 X 4 raised bed this year .
I started composting last summer so I have plenty of dark , rich compost to use as a base .
I mixed in 4 40 lb bads of Potting Soil , and 8 bags of Top Soil .
I think it should be a pretty good mix .
It ’s loose , airy soil so it should drain well .
I will be planting tomatoes , cucumbers , squash , zucchini , sweet peppers , hot peppers , peas , lima beans , herbs and even some cantaloupe .
The garden will be all organic .
No synthetic fertilizer and no toxic pesticides / herbicides .
I ’m hoping a variety of strong plants , plenty of air and sunshine and a healthy soil ecosystem will yeild me the bumper crop of my dreams .
I am doing this because I love to grow stuff and I ’m curious to see how much food I could grow in a small suburban backyard .
I also wanted to reduce my waste in the form of food scraps that would end up in a landfill - and use this same stuff in a compost > garden > compost life cycle .
So there are a few pics to kick off the official garden launch .
I got the bed filled and transplanted everything – I ll be adding more pics soon .
Google Chrome is a browser whose only claim to fame ( aside from being a Google product ) is its speed and simplicity .
In fact , some would claim that Chrome is simple to a fault , with version 1 of the browser lacking features that seem almost fundamental for a Web browser in 2009 , such as form auto - fill , a full - screen mode , and extensions .
With Chrome 2.0 , Google has closed the gap a little bit , adding a full - screen mode , form auto - fill , and the ability to remove thumbnails from the “ New Tab ” page , along with a whole host of bug fixes and overall performance improvements .
Chrome 2.0 looks and acts exactly like the previous version ; the new features are so subtle that without Google ’s announcement , it ’s likely they would have gone unnoticed by many of its users .
Full - screen mode is easy enough to find ; press F11 to invoke it , or select it from the wrench icon menu in the toolbar .
But it ’s also nearly useless -- when in Full - screen mode , all of the browser controls disappear : no tabs , no toolbar , nothing .
You ca n’t enter new addresses to visit .
You ca n’t access your bookmarks , except from the Chrome start page .
Everything must be done via keyboard shortcuts or the anemic right - click menu .
Google says this mode is designed for viewing videos and presentations in full - screen , but any competent video or presentation player already provides full - screen support , so I have to wonder why this feature even exists in this state .
The other new features are n’t much better .
Form auto - fill is a feature that other browsers have had for years .
As you fill out a form field , Chrome will display possible choices below the field , and you can click to select one .
It ’s not pretty , it just works .
The ability to delete thumbnails from the “ New Tab ” page is utilitarian at best .
Click Remove Thumbnails , click the thumbnails you want to remove , and click Done .
Oddly , if you have fewer than four thumbnails and you delete one , it will remove all of your thumbnails ( this is presumably a bug ) .
Also , you can't rearrange the thumbnails on the page .
Both of these features seem so basic that it ’s a wonder they were n’t there all along .
Where Chrome 2.0 shines is in its performance .
It zips through the most complex Web applications with ease , and never seems to get bogged down .
The browser is lightning fast , but then so was version 1.0 , and while Google asserts that 2.0 is even faster and more stable , no one is going to notice the small increments in speed and stability .
Chrome is the Lamborghini of Web browsers .
It ’s built to be the fastest browser out there , and -- like a Lamborghini -- it does so by putting powerful technology under the hood and adding just enough on top to make it street - legal , but not much more .
The regrettable car analogy aside , Chrome 2.0 maintains that reputation .
It is n’t going to win any functionality awards or come out on top in feature comparisons , and the new stuff is completely unremarkable .
But it will still get you to your favorite sites faster than anything else , and for existing Chrome users it ’s worth downloading , if only to stay current .
Newcomers to Chrome , however , will find it extremely lacking .
Here are 24 great ideas of coffee mugs design you will definitely like .
These will make unique birthday presents for your loved ones this year .
Some of them can be really good gift ideas , while others look just so great that you will want to have them for yourself .
Enjoy and choose the one you like most !
Like Strong Coffee ?
Is it a mug or a weapon ?
At least you can get a good grip on it .
Punch coffee mug is a masterly thing !
Keep Everything Home
Here ’s a dunk mug – a mug with a convenient ceramic basement for your food stores .
A Camera Drink
You can almost make the one like that yourself dismantling your camera .
Does n’t it look stunning ?
A Present from Your Granny
It certainly looks as if your favorite old relative knitted this cup for your Christmas present !
Nuclear Associations for Power Fans
This set is a pretty close imitation of a nuclear power plant .
Let it smoke and feel the power .
The Cup That Says When
For those who like to have exactly 1/3 milk in their coffee – no mistake guaranteed with this Cortado mug .
Let It Drown
The cup is covered with a layer of heat sensitive dye that goes up to cover the iceberg when you pour in a hot drink .
Is It One or Three ?
While your guests wonder how you manage it , you have quite a comfy drink no matter what handle you are using .
New Relations between Old Friends
Now you can have the saucer where you think it will look better .
Or maybe it ’s no longer a saucer ?
Exactly , it ’s a great To Go cup .
Help at a Glance
Now this is really useful .
Checking against the color guide on the inside of the mug you can see how far you are going with the ingredients .
Shot Down by Coffee
You can literally trigger off the energy beverage into your system .
All automatic .
Wear Your Taste on Your Mug
Twist the rings on the mug to show your drink and your preferences instead of speaking out loud .
Let your mug provide full and unmistakable service !
A Tell - Tale Cup
Do you think it looks a bit ordinary ?
It does – until you fill it up .
At once it changes its color and the legend to tell you that the party is ON !
Join Me in a Drink
You can link your cup now to another one … actually , to as many as five other cups … with a cute cross on the side .
For company lovers as well as for those who like their drink to be a long one .
Almost Used up , but Good for a While Yet !
Do n’t let this ceramic imitation fool you .
It ’s not real crinkled plastic !
You may be disappointed and you may like it .
Make sure to explain it to others before you hand it over !
For Good Mood First Thing in the Morning
Get your favorite drink served with a smile .
Tea Bag Disposable
Bury your tea bag corpse under the cup where you find a ready - made grave for it .
Handy and tidy are the words .
Me Cup – Just Comfort
It has more features than any other cup !
The empty chambers in the walls prevent you from getting your fingers burned while your beverage is hot .
The saucer will have your cup firmly fixed as long as you want it this way , and will easily turn into a sealing lid to keep the heat inside .
100 % effective !
A Breakfast Table Statue to Darth Vader
Who could have imagined that those good old Dark Lords were also fond of coffee ?
When Helpers Are Painted On
This is a mug that will never drip down on things !
Get a Drink from Anamorphic Cylinders
An ages - old visual trick restored for those who want to read what is printed onto their porcelain saucers .
These steel cups provide a good mirror effect with the inscription carefully made to be turned into neat calligraphics .
The Drinker Has Been Warned
In order not to read this pessimistic message you will probably have to refrain from drinking from the cup at all .
Font Guide on
Nothing like the proper - colored Helvetica for explaining you to a T what exactly you are about to drink .
True to font and to drink alike .
Snuggly and Highly Holdable
This mug is designed especially to bring the center of gravity closer to your hand .
There are different ways to hold it allowing you to pick a perfect fit .
And at the same time it is pleasant to the eye .
Will you choose this one for a winner ?
Source of the images : toxel.com , despair.com
In these trying times , we ask you , our good congress to do what 's best for everyone - to get your families into the fantastic private sector health care plans and to pay out of pocket .
Do n't worry , it really is n't as bad as some people say .
Those people are socialists who exaggerate .
Sure , you may not be able to pay for your kids college , or that new car , but you still have your health .
What 's that you say , Mr. Congressman ?
you have previous existing conditions ?
I 'm sorry , you are not qualified .
But your kids and your wife are .
Does that cause you stress ?
Worry ?
Lower your quality of life ?
Oh , do n't worry about that .
Those are just little details that do n't mean much .
Mr. Congressman , your families premiums just went up by one third .
Reason ?
They do n't tell us the reason , Mr. Congressman .
This is a great country , so why would we be suspicious ?
We trust they are doing the right thing .
I assume you are having no problems paying cash for your own medical services , Mr. Congressman ?
At least the rest of your family is covered .
I 'm sorry to hear that you do n't feel well and had to leave your job , former Mr.Congressman .
Private insurance does n't cover that , and since you are no longer working you can't afford to pay for the insurance that covers your family .
Soon the repo agencies will put a lien on your home , and recover material assets because you had to pay for hospital visits with credit cards .
Now your family has no insurance , and one of your children just became very ill from an undiagnosed problem .
You have no way to pay for her care or your care .
What 's that former Mr. Congressman ?
You need to take care of your elderly sick mother too ?
Sorry former Mr. Congressman .
None of these things can be done .
I wish you the best of luck .
I hope you were served well by the private insurance corporations of our great nation .
I 'm sure they are doing the right thing , because this is America .
Good luck and Godspeed , former Mr. Congressman , in this great country of ours .
I 'll make sure my flag pin is nice and straight in your honor .
--------
I 'm calling for a petition to remove the current health care programs for the United States congress , and to replace them with private sector , self employed insurance programs .
This is the only way for them to see the light .
Updated with important link to support public option .
Maybe something really good can come of this , maybe more than the good intentioned cheerleading that often fades into the cool fall night .
Thanks for reading this diary and the great comments .
I felt like I really had to say something tonight , especially considering my situation and many others out there across this land .
It 's way past time for greatly improved health care .
Everyone reading this knows it , most of the country knows it .
However , congress does n't seem to get it at all .
For those of you out there sick and helpless , may tomorrow be a good day .
edit : if anyone is interested I put up a site after all the great replies last night .
I 'm tinkering with the idea of putting together an ad buy and consulting with a media group for " bringing congress back to reality " on health care .
Push Reality
work
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part , hyperlink to the articles should be strictly made Thisis licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 2.5 India License .
To advertise here contact :abhishek2u@in.com
HOUSTON , May 27 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday handed down 65 - year prison sentences to two founders of a U.S. Islamic charity convicted of illegally funneling $ 12.4 million to the Palestinian militant group Hamas .
The sentences came some six months after a grand jury convicted the Holy Land Foundation and five of its leaders for conspiracy to support a foreign terrorist organization , money laundering , tax fraud and other charges .
The foundation , based in a Dallas suburb , was one of the biggest Islamic charities in the United States before the government shut it down in the wake of the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks .
The group said it focused on legitimate disaster relief and aid to Palestinian refugees .
" I did it because I cared , not at the behest of Hamas , " Shukri Abu Baker , 50 , told a federal court in Dallas as U.S. District Judge Jorge Solis sentenced him and Ghassan Elashi , 55 , to 65 years in prison , the Dallas Morning News reported .
Three other defendants were sentenced to lesser terms ranging from 15 to 20 years .
" You did n't tell the whole story .
Palestinians were in a desperate situation , but that does n't justify supporting Hamas , " the judge said , according to the newspaper .
The sentencing , which followed a 2007 mistrial and a retrial that ended last year , is seen by some as a milestone in the U.S. government 's crackdown on financing of overseas terror groups .
" These sentences should serve as a strong warning to anyone who knowingly provides financial support to terrorists under the guise of humanitarian relief , " David Kris , Assistant Attorney General for National Security , said in a statement .
Prosecutors said the Holy Land Foundation funneled money to Hamas , which seized control of the Gaza Strip in 2007 and is pushing for an independent Palestinian state .
The U.S. government declared Hamas a terrorist organization in 1995 .
The Islamic community has said the case highlights what it sees as the unfair scrutiny that U.S. Muslims have been subjected to since the 2001 attacks and that it criminalizes legitimate charitable activities central to Islam .
( Editing by Paul Simao )
SPIEGEL Interview with Iranian President Ahmadinejad ' We Are Neither Obstinate nor Gullible '
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke with SPIEGEL about what he expects from US President Barack Obama , why America 's new Afghanistan strategy is wrong and why Iran should have a spot on the UN Security Council .
Sneaky , sneaky Microsoft !
When I agreed to install Internet Explorer 8 as part of a recent Windows update , I did not agree to make it my default browser .
In fact , I was n't even asked .
Hey , I like IE8 well enough , but no way is it going to supplant Firefox as my everyday browser .
So I had to dip into the latter 's settings to restore its place in the pecking order .
Here 's how you can do likewise :
1. Close Internet Explorer if it 's running , then start Firefox .
2. Click Tools , Options , then click the Advanced icon in the Options toolbar .
3 . Click the General tab if it's not already selected , then make sure Always check to see if Firefox is the default browser on startup is enabled .
4. Click Check
Now , then confirm that you want to make Firefox your default browser .
5. Click OK and you 're done .
So I have to ask : Did anyone else encounter this IE8 switcheroo ?
I 'm a little surprised that it staged a coup without asking .
Of course , I guess that 's how coups work .
I 'm just happy that I was able to restore Firefox to the throne .
Um , okay , these metaphors are just getting weird now .
I 'm not a court jester , after all .
Update : Okay , I 'm partially responsible for this .
When installing IE8 , I chose Use express settings , which , among things , makes IE the default browser .
It says so right in the setup window ( see below ) , but I did n't pay close enough attention .
Ironically , I usually opt for " custom / advanced " installations , but here I stopped reading after Search provider : Google .
Anyway , for all intents and purposes , Microsoft did " ask " before making IE8 the default browser , just not in the usual way .
My apologies for any confusion .
After escaping from her rapists , Asatu went into hiding and prayed for help and to be reunited with her 27 year - old boyfriend , who she fears has been murdered .
" I said to God , ' If these are your plans , I want nothing to do with them .
If you are looking after me , then help in my hard times . ' " Driving through the streets of Harare , it is hard to imagine the terror surrounding the election , an election that , despite the systematic intimidation of opponents — mass beatings , murder and disappearances — the 85 - year - old Robert Mugabe and his Zanu - PF party lost .
The stand - off that followed eventually ended in the creation of an " inclusive government " in which Morgan Tsvangirai is Prime Minister but Mugabe remains President and keeps control of the army .
Today , roadside stalls offer fresh tomatoes and green vegetables and there seems to be an extraordinary number of imported , luxury cars racing over the pot - holed roads .
For Zimbabwe 's ruling elite , with their fortunes built on illicit mining and diamond deals and milked public funds , life continues uninterrupted .
They live in vast walled mansions protected from their people by electrified fences , security guards and watchdogs .
Their only inconvenience , it appears , is the international travel bans placed on the 200 more - notorious citizens and generals .
If there was any doubt about Zimbabwe 's institutionalisation of fear , it is dispelled after just a few days in the capital .
On the outskirts of Harare , at a secret location , I meet a " venerable " member of Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union — Patriotic Front .
" If I am caught talking to you , I am a dead man , " are his opening words .
The international media are banned and foreign reporters face imprisonment if caught .
Our meeting takes place in a deserted warehouse .
" It is a most dangerous time .
The party is divided and there are many who believe Mugabe should not be in the inclusive government at all . "
He describes a bleak political landscape .
The party of liberation long ago morphed , in Orwellian style , into the party of greed and self - interest .
But tensions are rising within the Zanu - PF ; a mood of desperation grips the inner circle surrounding the President .
" These are the people who have acquired a lot of wealth and do n't want to lose it — they think they can hold on .
They worry that if the MDC succeeds , they will be brought to justice , they will be held accountable .
Nobody should rule out a coup .
They control the army , the police and the CIO ( Central Intelligence Organisation ) , " he says .
Mugabe 's problem , the politician says , is that he has indulged his cabal of supporters for 50 years .
" He can not dump them and he cannot discipline them .
He should have retired 10 years ago when he had the chance .
Now nobody knows where all this is going , especially if Mugabe retires or dies without naming a successor . "
The politician describes himself as moderate .
He knows Mugabe , knew his first wife ( " who would never have let it come to this " ) , and is well acquainted with the rival powerbrokers and faction leaders Emerson Mnangagwa and Solomon " Rex " Mujuru ( and his Vice - President wife , " Avarice " Joyce Mujuru ) — who , he says , are manoeuvring to replace Mugabe should he resign or stumble .
Mnangagwa , often mentioned as Mugabe 's heir - apparent , was head of security when the first massacres of political opponents took place in the 1980s .
Zimbabwe may not yet meet the technical criteria of a failed state , but to most observers that is surely academic — with 90 per cent unemployment , a compromised justice system and a bankrupt economy staggering along on US dollars and South African rand .
The United Nations estimates 75 per cent of the population still depend on food aid .
And state - sanctioned violence , including the seizure of white - owned farms , continues .
Most of the nation 's factories are in mothballs and , in the capital , constant blackouts interrupt what business there is .
Silos that once held grain for export are empty .
Harare 's public hospital wards are filled by empty beds , stripped of sheets , pillows and blankets .
Zimbabwe 's cholera and AIDS - HIV patients are forced to attend clinics operated by non-government organisations — or , if they have $ A10 , get a consultation in a private hospital .
On the other side of Harare , in a modest building on a street where the traffic lights wink intermittently , the former union leader , now Prime Minister , Tsvangirai plays a deadly game of poker with the nation 's founding President .
Tsvangirai and the MDC were dealt an impossible set of cards under the Global Political Agreement brokered by the unsympathetic former South African president Thabo Mbeki , after last year 's election stalemate .
Tsvangirai won more votes but has been forced to play a subservient role to the discredited Mugabe .
The lines of demarcation , like so much in the agreement , are vague and open to interpretation — usually the President's .
The agreement makes no reference to the Prime Minister 's powers and responsibilities .
Recently , Mugabe stripped Nelson Chamisa , an MDC minister , of half his communications portfolio — the half that contained phone and internet snooping powers .
Chamisa tells me , in a hurried encounter at a union conference , he is confident of getting his full ministry back .
But from all accounts , he is the only minister in the 61 - member cabinet who believes it .
" This is the last supper for some , " Chamisa says .
" Political bacteria and corruption still threaten the Government , but we are shining a torch on it . "
Brave words .
MDC insiders say Tsvangirai , still grieving for his wife , who recently died in a road crash , and a grandchild who drowned soon after in a pool , is asserting himself with fresh determination .
He told a rally this month he was committed to making the inclusive government work .
For weeks , MDC and Zanu - PF ministers have been haggling over the nitty - gritty of office : the appointment of ambassadors , regional governors and senior public servants , and the ousting of discredited Reserve Bank governor Gideon Gono .
Gono trashed the economy by printing worthless currency — a $ Z100 trillion note can be bought as a keepsake for $ US20 ( $ A26 ) — and stole money from private bank accounts to keep the government afloat while amassing a small fortune for himself , the President and his cronies .
The cabinet negotiations have been acrimonious , with Zanu - PF ministers sabotaging progress in the MDC - controlled portfolios of health and education .
Violence and intimidation by the Zanu - PF - controlled Central Intelligence Organisation , the military and the prosecutorial wing of the Attorney - General 's Department has prevented an international bail - out .
In open violation of rule - of - law undertakings , farmers are beaten , jailed and driven off their land ; MDC activists remain missing or imprisoned ; and this week journalists were prosecuted for printing publicly available information .
It is enough to ensure that donor funds remain at a dribble .
The question most are asking in Harare is whether the MDC ministers are being set up by Mugabe to fail .
When the next election is held — and nobody really knows when — will Mugabe blame the MDC for unfunded schools , empty hospital beds , food shortages and a spike in cholera and AIDS - HIV ?
David Coltart is the MDC Education Minister .
I find him on the top floor of the department building , a drab 18 - storey edifice in Harare 's CBD .
The building 's toilets were unblocked and the water , he says , was reconnected with funds donated by Australia .
A polite and genial minister , Coltart is , when we meet , in the middle of an industrial crisis , rushing from one meeting to the next .
Teachers have threatened to strike , claiming the $ US100 a month they receive is not enough .
A senator and a white minister , Coltart is surprisingly , if cautiously , optimistic , believing the inclusive government was always going to be tough .
" The majority of people in all the parties want to make the agreement work , even though there are hawks out to derail it .
We are trying to stop the country from falling into complete chaos .
" I have hundreds of thousands of kids that had no education last year , " he says .
The education system is a shambles .
Coltart says he has no idea how many teachers are employed even though 90,000 people receive salaries .
The bureaucracy has been loaded with so - called " ghost workers " , Zanu - PF activists who collect wages as teachers but who never set foot in a school .
They are the thugs and foot soldiers , deployed to intimidate voters , carry out abductions and enforce Mugabe 's political will .
They probably include the cadres who abducted Asatu .
" We need 140,000 teachers — that is the establishment figure — but we are not sure how many teachers we have .
There is no computer ( data ) base .
Trade unions tell me the real number of actual teachers is only 60,000 . "
Like other MDC ministers , Coltart has set up an audit to identify the ghosts .
What Coltart needs most is money .
With just $ US40,000 a month to operate 7000 schools , he can't hire more teachers even if he wants to .
While Zanu - PF ministers continue to breach the Global Political Agreement , the prospect of an injection of UNICEF money — and there 's plenty available — is unlikely : Britain is opposed to releasing the funds while the farm invasions continue .
Coltart acknowledges there is good reason to believe the MDC has been set up to fail , but he clings to optimism .
He says the agreement allowed the country to break the circle of " viciousness " and has provided a way forward .
" We are going in the right direction since that truly awful time in May last year ( when Morgan Tsvangirai was admitted to hospital after a beating ) .
We have our good days and our bad days .
" There is a critical mass of people inside the Government ( including Zanu - PF ministers ) who want this to work .
If we can improve the lives of people and we get a free and fair constitution , the MDC will be able to take absolute power . "
Another minister who supports Coltart 's qualified optimism is Jameson Timba , the MDC 's deputy minister for the media .
While there are many outstanding issues yet to be settled , Timba says , MDC ministers are making significant progress .
" We now have a semblance of order , " Timba says .
There is food on the shelves , prices have gone down , and there is deflation . "
He says agreement has been reached , but not yet announced , on many big issues , including the appointment of ambassadors , regional governors and permanent secretaries .
But he says serious obstacles remain , including the farm invasions — strenuously opposed , without success — and the antics of the Zanu - PF hardline Attorney - General Johannes Tomana , who was behind the jailing of MDC politician Roy Bennett and other party activists .
Tsvangirai acknowledged as much this week , when he publicly accused Zanu - PF hardliners of deliberately violating the Global Political Agreement and blocking access to international funds , thereby endangering the lives of all Zimbabweans .
Otto Saki , a senior lawyer and co-ordinator of the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights , which has been monitoring the agreement , says violations have been many and varied .
Comparing the inclusive - government pact to a " forced marriage that nobody wanted " , he says the violations can be expected to continue .
Saki says the Zanu - PF is split between moderates and hardliners , but he believes the hardliners and Mugabe are dominant .
" Zanu - PF is like the Mafia , once you are in it , you can not get out .
Accidents do happen and we have had people killed by non-existent trains and cars that nobody has ever seen . "
He says the future of the inclusive government is uncertain , possibly fated to fail .
The Prime Minister cannot quit because that would hand a " blank cheque " to the hardliners .
There has been speculation that Mugabe may step down when the Zanu - PF Congress meets at the end of the year .
That could pave the way for a smooth transition or , more likely , a bitter and bloody power struggle between his would - be replacements Emerson Mnangagwa and Solomon Mujuru .
While politicians haggle over the nation 's future and their own , Asatu says she is resigned to the fate God chooses for her .
She would like to go back to school and study — a faint hope for a single mother in a country where the education system barely functions .
She would also like to reopen her roadside vegetable stall , but has no money for that .
" I do want justice , but God will decide that , " she says .
Asked what name she will give her baby , she says without hesitation : " Struggle .
I will call my baby Struggle . "
Russell Skelton is a contributing editor .
Maine ’s judiciary committee voted today to push a gay marriage bill into the State Senate .
From the Portland Press Herald …
Eleven members voted in favor of the bill , two voted against it , and one voted to send it to referendum .
The vote was briefly interrupted when a woman began yelling at legislators because she wanted them to reject the bill .
Elaine Graham of Farmington was escorted from the Statehouse by Capitol Police , but will not face charges .
The bill will now move forward to the full Senate for consideration .
AURORA — A man was taken to a hospital with life - threatening injuries after a shootout with Aurora police late Saturday .
Detective Robert Friel , Aurora police spokesman , said that shortly after 9 p.m. officers were responding to a report of a man breaking into a parked van in the 9300 block of East 19th Avenue .
En route , two officers saw a man who matched a description of the suspect walking along 19th Avenue about two blocks from the address .
When the uniformed officers got out of their patrol car and identified themselves , the man pulled a handgun and fired two shots at them , Friel said .
Neither officer was hit .
At least one officer returned fire , shooting multiple times .
The man collapsed to the ground near a driveway .
It was initially believed that the suspect shot himself , but further investigation raised doubt about that .
The man was taken to a hospital , and the two officers were interviewed at police headquarters .
They will be placed on paid administrative leave during an investigation into the shooting .
As midnight approached , detectives were going door to door in the neighborhood , interviewing witnesses and looking for possible bullet holes .
I ’ve just found a description of some spectacular and fantastical hallucinations from a case of Charles Bonnet syndrome , reported in a review article on the neuroscience of this curious hallucinatory state .
It ’s one of the most florid cases I ’ve ever come across and the experience seems both wondrous and terrifying in equal measure :
A 73 - year - old woman who lived alone presented with anxiety - provoking visual hallucinations .
Inch - long black ants scurried across her kitchen floor , walls and windows .
In desperation , she began spraying insecticide throughout the house .
Her neighbour , whose features were seemingly masked by the insects , called an ambulance .
Floating seahorses and featherless chickens joined the colonies of ants in the Emergency Department .
A Roman chariot , the rider dressed in gold , flashed across the curtain several times .
On the ward , tropical vines grew from the foot of her bed .
A man stood with thick brown tree trunks for legs and thick green branches for arms .
Nurses
‚Äô heads would shrink and then expand before melting into the floor .
Brightly coloured fairies carrying wands invited her for walks around the hospital grounds .
She once caught herself telling them to get off a road at which point they donned diamond coats , jumped into a wooden carriage , and rode up to her bedside .
Ants in the mirror were at times replaced by an elephant ‚Äôs trunk blotting out half her face .
Her hair in the reflection flowed with cobwebs and the basin was matted with hair and whiskers .
Cobwebs spilled from her cereal bowl at breakfast .
The bathroom floor was covered with water that vanished whenever she tried to mop it up .
The carpet in the room would lift away from the floor , roll up in the form of a snake , and slither out the door .
A little girl and boy with a black and white dog stood next to the bed , as did extraterrestrial - like beings with large domed - shaped heads and slitted black eyes .
Twisted heads with grotesque faces and bulbous eyes peered out from the wall , while little red carriages , trains and push bikes disappeared into it .
Further history revealed an experience of ‚ Äòant ‚ Äô hallucinations 4 months previously but the images disappeared after 2 weeks .
She did not seek medical advice at that time fearing that she might be considered ‚ Äòa bit odd ‚
Äô .
Throughout the hospital admission she was rarely free from hallucinations and would repeatedly ask for reassurance that she was ‚ Äònot going mad ‚
Äô .
Two months after discharge the hallucinations were still intrusive .
She owned a small black dog but would see several dogs resembling oversized greyhounds with unusually long snouts in her daughter ‚Äôs yard .
A man and a goat , both wearing grey hats and overcoats , often stood beside her before wandering off together down a crooked road .
She grew accustomed to seeing a baby seated on the lounge chair wearing grey clothes .
It smiled but made no sounds .
Caterpillars and tree frogs began joining her for the evening bath .
She began to notice that distractions , such as listening to the radio and attending to household chores , dampened the hallucinations , while solitude , particularly during the evening hours , tended to heighten them .
At follow - up 1 year later , she was experiencing very much the same hallucinations but was more cognisant of their unreality and less anxious as a result .
The only new hallucination that had since appeared was that of a bright kaleidoscopic array which would transiently emanate from her central field of vision .
The article has another case study which is also quite spectacular , and , curiously , also features a Roman chariot .
One of the most interestingly things about Charles Bonnet syndrome is that fact that it is typically associated with the most complex hallucinations , but usually due to damage to the retina or early visual pathway .
In other words , damage to the part of the visual system which deals with the most basic aspects of vision ( detecting lines , light and dark and so on ) can cause the most spectacular visual distortions .
It ’s not fully clear why this is , but one of the most popular theories is that visual information gathered by the initial part of the system is used to limit the interpretations made by the perceptual processes later in the stream which are focussed on working out significance and meaning .
We can see this system breaking down a bit when we see momentary ‘ pictures ’ in TV static or in flames , as the fuzzy input means many interpretations can be made .
However , when we ’re looking at more ordered scenes , our interpretation is usually more constrained – it ’s more difficult to interpret light patterns from a pencil as something else .
The theory goes that when we ca n’t process light patterns very successfully , owing to damage to the early visual system , the interpretation processes go wild , so hallucinations are ‘ released ’ and cavort unconstrained through our conscious mind .
Link to article on the neuroscience of Charles Bonnet syndrome .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
WASHINGTON  President Obama on Thursday will unveil nearly $ 17 billion in additional budget cuts for the coming fiscal year to showcase what a top adviser called a “ constant ” effort to find savings at a time when the government ’s costs for bailouts , health care and wars are mounting far faster .
The savings for the budget year starting Oct. 1 represent the sum of Mr. Obama ’s promised “ line by line ” scrubbing of the federal budget .
But , underscoring the nation ’s fiscal plight , the proposed cuts represent about 1.4 percent of the $ 1.2 trillion deficit that is projected for the fiscal year 2010 .
The president ’s 10 - year budget outline , released in February , shows the deficit declining by his final year in office to $ 533 billion , mostly through assumptions about when the recession will end and the pace of renewed economic growth that many economists consider somewhat optimistic .
The $ 17 billion would be saved through terminating or reducing 121 federal programs , ranging from $ 632,000 to eliminate the post of an attaché for the Education Department in the American Embassy in Paris to $ 142 million by ending a program to clean up abandoned mines .
One of the cooler things about iTunes , though perhaps not widely known , is iTunes U , an area within iTunes that lets users download educational content such as lectures and lab demonstrations from Universities much in the same way you would download a podcast .
Naturally some of the content is restricted to students who attend a particular University , but much of the content is free and well - worth checking out .
One of the more popular downloads from iTunes U happens to be video content from a Stanford University Computer Science course that centers on how to program for the iPhone .
Taught by Apple engineers , the iPhone programming course is videotaped and subsequently made available as a free download via iTunes 2 days after each class session .
To date , the videos have been downloaded over 1 million times , making the course the fastest to hit the 1 million threshold in iTunes U history .
Clearly , developer interest in the iPhone platform is as strong as ever .
I ’ve watched a few of the videos myself , and they ’re a great way to learn about iPhone programming from the ground up from actual Apple employees .
Naturally , you need some semblance of object oriented programming experience , otherwise you ’ll probably get lost fairly quickly .
That said , the videos serve as a great educational tool , and essentially lets you take a Stanford course on the house .
Almost reminds you of Steve Jobs attending College lectures after he had already dropped out .
via CNET
Chapter Outline
Part One : State Capitalist Intervention in the Market
Chapter One :
Appendix 1A .
Economy of Scale in Development Economics
Chapter Two :
A. Economies of Firm Size
B. Economies of Plant Size
C. The Comparative Significance of Scale Economies and Organizational Efficiency
D. Increased Distribution Costs
E. The Link Between Size and Innovation
F. Economy of Scale in Agriculture
Conclusion
Chapter Three :
I. The Corporate Transformation of Capitalism in the Nineteenth Century
A. The Nineteenth Century Corporate Legal Revolution
B. Subsidies to Transportation and Communication Infrastructure
C. Patents and Copyrights
D. Tariffs
II . Twentieth Century State Capitalism
A. Cartelizing Regulations
B. Tax Policy
C. The Corporate Liberal Pact with Labor
D. The Socialization of Corporate Cost
E. State Action to Absorb Surplus Output
F. Neoliberal Foreign Policy
Part Two : Systemic Effects of Centralization and Excessive Organizational Size
Chapter Four :
A. Radical Monopoly and Its Effects on the Individual
B. Systemic Effects on Institutional Culture
C. The Large Organization and Conscript Clienteles
D. The New Middle Class and the Professional - Managerial Revolution
Postscript : Crisis Tendencies
Appendix 4A .
Journalism as Stenography
Part Three : Internal Effects of Organizational Size Above That Required for Optimum Efficiency
Chapter Five :
A. The Volume of Data
B. The Distortion of Information Flow by Power
Conclusion and Segue
Appendix 5A .
Toilet Paper as Paradigm
Chapter Six : Agency and Incentive Problems in the Large Organization
Summary
Chapter Seven :
A. The Divorce of Entrepreneurial from Technical Knowledge
B. Mises vs. Hayek on Distributed Knowledge
C. Rothbard 's Application of Mises ' Calculation Argument to the Private Sector
Conclusion
A. The Corporate Form and Managerialism
B. Self - Serving Policies for " Cost - Cutting , " " Quality " and " Efficiency "
C. The Authoritarian Workplace : Increased Hierarchy and Surveillance
D. Authoritarianism : Contract Feudalism
E. Authoritarianism : The Hegemony of " Professionalism "
F. Motivational Propaganda as a Substitute for Real Incentives
Appendix 8A .
Blaming Workers for the Results of Mismanagement
A. The Corporate Form and ManagerialismB. Self - Serving Policies for " Cost - Cutting , " " Quality " and " Efficiency " C. The Authoritarian Workplace : Increased Hierarchy and SurveillanceD .
Authoritarianism : Contract FeudalismE. Authoritarianism : The Hegemony of " Professionalism " F. Motivational Propaganda as a Substitute for Real Incentives
Chapter Nine :
Introduction
A. The Special Agency Problems of Labor
B. Labor Struggle as Asymmetric Warfare
C. The Growing Importance of Human Capital : Peer Production vs. the Corporate Gatekeepers
D. Austrian Criticism of the Usefulness of Unions
Conclusion
Appendix 9A .
Sabotage in a London Nightclub : A Case Study
Appendix 9B . Yochai Benkler on Open - Mouth Sabotage : Diebold and Sinclair Media as Case Studies in Media Swarming
Appendix 9C . DeCSS as an Example of Media Swarming
Appendix 9D . Open -Mouth Sabotage , Cont. : Alisher Usmanov as a Case Study in Media Swarming
Appendix 9E .
Open-Mouth Sabotage , Cont. : Wikileaks as a Case Study in Media Swarming
Appendix 9 F . Open -Mouth Sabotage , Cont. : Stupid White Men as a Case Study in Media Swarming
Chapter Ten :
A. New Wine in Old Bottles
B. Lip Service and Business as Usual
C. Management by Stress
D. Dumbing Down
Conclusion
Appendix 10A .
The Military Origins of Quality Control
Part Four : Conjectures on Decentralist Free Market Alternative
Chapter Eleven :
A. Reciprocity
B. Privilege and Inequality
C. Specific Forms of Privilege , and the Effect of Their Abolition
Appendix 11A . Reciprocity and Thick Libertarianism
The Cost Principle
Dissolution of the State in Society
A. Revolution vs. Evolution
B. Dialectical Libertarianism and the Order of Attack
C. The " Free Market " as Hegemonic Ideology
D. Gradualism and the " Magic Button "
E. " Dissolving the State in the Economy "
F. Counter - Institutions
G. Counter - Institutions and Counter - Economics
H. The Two Economies and the Shifting Correlation of Forces
I. Privatizing State Property
Chapter Fourteen :
Introduction : Basic Goals and Values
A. Multiple Purpose Production Technology
B. The Transition to Decentralized Manufacturing
C. Desktop Manufacturing Technology
D. Polytechnic
E. Eotechnic , Paleotechnic , and Neotechnic
F. Decentralized Agriculture
G. A Soft Development Path
Chapter Fifteen :
Introduction
A. Self - Employment : Increased Productive Efficiency
B. Cooperatives : Increased Productive Efficiency
C. Innovation Under Worker Self - Management
D. Social Benefits of Worker Empowerment
E. Peer Production
F. The Social Economy and the Crisis of Capitalism
Chapter Sixteen :
A. Demand - Pull Distribution
B. Local Exchange Systems ; Household and Informal Economies
C. Certification , Licensing and Trust
D. Social Services
E. Mutual Aid and the Voluntary Welfare State
F. Education
G. Healthcare
Bibliography
General Material
Major Posts :
Secondary Posts :
These swimming pools pictures we can see that the artist has just painted the side walls and the floor in such a manner that creates an interesting illusion , , when filled with water .
Enjoy the Swimming Pools !
Photos : Robert Stolarik for The New York Times
It has been more than a half - century since New Yorkers last flocked in great numbers to see cyclists tear around banked velodrome tracks at the center of Manhattan .
Easy to forget , then , that Madison Square Garden , in its earlier incarnation off 26th Street and Madison Avenue , played host to major races watched by tens of thousands of spectators ( some undoubtedly attracted , in the days before Nascar , by the prospect of spectacular crashes . )
Or that team racing events known as “ Madisons ” — devised in the early part of last century to mitigate racer fatigue in events that could stretch to six days — were invented here , under some pressure from local lawmakers and the news media .
Velodromes also existed in the Bronx and in Coney Island in Brooklyn .
( Both were destroyed by fire . )
The faint torch of this storied history still burns out in Kissena Park , where , nestled between baseball diamonds and some overgrown woods , the city ’s only cycling velodrome opened for the season last weekend .
Its location , in Flushing off the Long Island Expressway , is good for attracting riders from around the city and suburbs , said John Campo , who brought the track formerly known as “ the big bumpy ” back from semi- decrepitude five years ago , but he still longs for a return to Manhattan .
“ I always said that if Manhattan had a velodrome , if people could see it in Central Park like they used to in Madison Square Garden , people would come out and watch the races , ” he said .
“ Because they ’re exciting ! ” ( In 2000 , Madisons and several other track events were added to the Olympics . )
Turnout was healthy on Saturday , with more than a hundred riders registered to race and dozens of spectators in the bleachers .
Racers warmed up their legs on rollers around the edge of the shadeless 400 - meter oval as the sun blazed down .
A starting gun popped off at intervals , cutting through the low roar of planes banking to land at La Guardia and the high buzz of two remote - controlled toy planes taking off and landing on a nearby field .
Kissena has benefited from the explosion of interest in fixed - gear bikes , and many of the riders at the track over the weekend were devotees .
Mr. Campo , a union carpenter , jazz guitarist and novelist in addition to being the track ’s director , guessed that half of the racers had come from street riding , as he did .
“ We were city kids — we rode what we could ride , ” Mr. Campo , 63 , said , remembering his days cruising around Manhattan long before the arrival of special lanes and $ 20,000 setups .
“ Now a lot of kids are coming through the alley cats ” and messenger companies , he added .
Or , in the case of Hugo Giron , both .
Mr. Giron , 27 , who competes in the illegal street races known as alley cats , was lounging with friends on the infield grass before their race .
He and Colin Miller , 26 , run Snap , a two - year - old delivery service based in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , and have been encouraging their 10 messengers to go out and do races .
“ It ’s a logical extension of what we do on the street , ” Mr. Miller said .
“ Guys like us — big meatballs — we do better at events like this , ” Mr. Miller added , referring to the importance of the power - to - weight ratio in track riding , where big thighs are more of an advantage than svelt midriffs .
It was Mr. Miller ’s first race at the track , though he had recently competed at a bike messenger race in Berlin .
Unlike many of the other riders , the two messengers did not shave their legs for the event .
“ Not at Kissena , ” Mr. Giron said .
Izumi Kuremoto , 30 , a messenger for three years until he was fired for not working in the days before Christmas 2008 , said he could easily see why so many make the transition .
“ When you ’re riding in a group on the track , it ’s fast .
There is a lot of danger , ” he said .
“ Messengers — we have the same danger around us . ”
In addition to attracting street riders , Delroy Walters , a 70 - something rider who still competes in international track events , tutors the next generation of local track racers through an after - school program , Star Track , aimed at 9 - to 13 - year - olds .
“ I try to let them know I ’m still doing it , and if they really love it , it ’s an alternative sport , ” he said .
Many of the riders return each year , Mr. Walters said , and some have made it to state championships and beyond .
“ There ’s got to be some reason why they ’re back , ” he added , flashing a smile .
Out on the track , Mr. Campo , dressed in his racing kit and leaning on his bike , gave a semicircle of slightly older young racers some pointers .
“ I ca n’t just give 100 percent the whole time , ” Cooper Ray , 17 , admitted .
“ You do n’t start until you ’re ready , ” Mr. Campo advised .
“ He says ‘ Ready ? ’ and you say , ‘ No ’ ! ”
“ But , ” he added , “ as soon as they shoot the gun off , you ’re out of the saddle and immediately you get it going . ”
Standing over their bikes , the young riders seemed to process what he said , shifting their weight slightly as if revving up .
I ca n’t stop reading Girls With Slingshots .
Danielle has a great style .
She makes her drawings look like they move .
President Obama displayed this morning exactly why he won the confidence of voters last year :
" There are no neat or easy answers here , " Obama said in a speech in which he pledged anew to clean up what he said was " quite simply a mess , a misguided experiment " at Guantanamo that he had inherited from the Bush administration .
He insisted the transfer would not endanger Americans and promised to work with lawmakers to develop a system for holding detainees who can't be tried and can't be turned loose from the Navy - run prison in Cuba .
Obama spoke one day after the Senate voted resoundingly to deny him money to close the prison , and he decried " fear - mongering " that he said had led to such opposition .
WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama forcefully defended his plans to close the Guantanamo detention camp Thursday and said some of the terror suspects held there would be brought to top- security prisons in the United States despite fierce opposition in Congress .
Partial transcript here :
I stand here , today , as someone whose own life was made possible by these documents .
My father came to our shores in search of the promise that they offered .
My mother made me rise before dawn to learn their truths when I lived as a child in a foreign land .
My own American journey was paved by generations of citizens who gave meaning to those simple words – " to form a more perfect union . "
I have studied the Constitution as a student ; I have taught it as a teacher ; I have been bound by it as a lawyer and legislator .
I took an oath to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution as Commander - in - Chief .
And as a citizen , I know that we must never – ever – turn our back on its enduring principles for expedience sake .
I make this claim not simply as a matter of idealism .
We uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens our country and keeps us safe .
Time and again , our values have been our best national security asset – in war and peace ; in times of ease and in eras of upheaval .
Fidelity to our values is the reason why the United States of America grew from a small string of colonies under the writ of an empire to the strongest nation in the world .
It is the reason why enemy soldiers have surrendered to us in battle , knowing they ’d receive better treatment from America ’s armed forces than from their own government .
It is the reason why America has benefited from strong alliances that amplified our power , and drawn a sharp and moral contrast with our adversaries .
It is the reason why we ’ve been able to overpower the iron fist of fascism , and outlast the iron curtain of communism , and enlist free nations and free peoples everywhere in common cause and common effort .
...
And during this season of fear , too many of us – Democrats and Republicans ; politicians , journalists and citizens – fell silent .
In other words , we went off course .
And this is not my assessment alone .
It was an assessment that was shared by the American people , who nominated candidates for President from both major parties who , despite our many differences , called for a new approach – one that rejected torture , and one that recognized the imperative of closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay .
For more than seven hours yesterday , police prevented people from leaving the area of the London G20 demonstrations near the Bank of England .
Protesters who had wanted to demonstrate against the British banking system and capitalism in general , but who had also wanted to protest about climate change or the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan elsewhere in the capital , were hemmed in .
Officers forming a wall of fluorescent yellow told those who wanted to leave the area and were puzzled that they could not : " Do n't ask us , ask the gaffer . "
The area became a public lavatory as people unable to move away used the entrances to Bank underground station as a urinal .
In nearby Bishopsgate , at the Climate Change camp , the same policy of containment was used until later into the night and this morning .
This is a strategy called the " kettle " , which sees protesters herded into an area and kept there for hours .
Its stated aim is to contain a protest in a small area so it does not spread .
It was justified by the former assistant commissioner ( special operations ) at the Met , Andy Hayman , in an article in the Times earlier this week .
" Tactics to herd the crowd into a pen ... have been criticised before , yet the police will not want groups spilintering away from the crowd , " he wrote .
The containment was backed up at the Bank , first with mounted police and then with police dogs .
As people were eventually allowed to leave at about 8 pm , they were funnelled out down a narrow exit with a police officer grabbing them by the arm as though they were under arrest , again regardless of age or demeanour .
One officer , asked why people were not allowed to leave under their own steam , replied : " They might fall over . "
People were then asked for their name and address and required to have a photograph taken .
They are not obliged to do so under the law , but those who refused were put back in the pen .
The aim of the day 's protests had been " to participate in a carnival party at the Bank of England , support all events demonstrating against G20 and overthrow capitalism " .
The first objective was , to a great degree , achieved .
There was street theatre and music , dancing and rolling of joints .
The Duke of Wellington , mounted on his horse , was able to fulfill what one imagines was a lifetime 's ambition and carry an anarchist flag .
There were protesters in police uniforms and blue lipstick wearing " vigilance committee " badges .
The second aim was not possible for many people because they were not allowed to leave to join other protests .
The downfall of capitalism may have to wait , although it seems to be doing a perfectly reasonable job of self - destruction .
As for more obvious signs of destruction , the Royal Bank of Scotland had its windows smashed .
Why no one had thought to board up a building with the RBS sign on it , as many other outfits had been boarded up , is unclear .
As for the violent clashes that led to cracked heads and limbs , how much was inevitable and how much avoidable ?
Certainly , the police had to put up with much abuse and missiles , although these were mainly plastic bottles and sprayed beer and cider .
Some demonstrators were bent on aggro but , then again , so were some of the officers on Queen Victoria Street .
For hours , demonstrators had been trying to leave – to go home , to pick up their children , to watch the England v Ukraine match on television were some of the reasons given to police as people , some in tears , asked to be allowed to go but were forbidden from doing so .
The chants accompanying the last two violent clashes with police , when bottles were thrown , were : " Let us out ! "
Nearly eight years ago , on May Day 2001 , a similar " kettle " operation was imposed in Oxford Circus for around seven hours .
This led to a lengthy civil action , brought against the commissioner of the Met by one of those detained .
In January this year , the law lords finally upheld the right of the police in this case to carry out such containment .
The upshot of the ruling and the police 's application of their " kettle " formula is that people thinking about embarking on demonstrations in the future may have to decide whether they want to be effectively locked up for eight hours without food or water and , when leaving , to be photographed and identified .
A priest charged with sexually assaulting a student at St Stanislaus ' College in Bathurst was told in court today not to try to contact witnesses .
Kevin Phillips , 58 , faced Downing Centre Local Court after being charged with attempted homosexual intercourse of a student by a teacher , a gross act of indecency and supplying cannabis .
Kevin Phillips , right ... accused of sex offences .
Credit : Kate Geraghty
The charges are alleged to have occurred at the school in 1990 , when Phillips worked for a few months as a priest , sports coach and part - time teacher .
Facing the media outside court , Phillips , dressed in a green sports coat and trousers , refused to comment .
Even though the current situation F1 finds itself in is not amusing , one cannot help but think , especially when looking at our spoof entry list for 2010 , of Laurel and Hardy - for whom read Max and Bernie - with Ecclestone scratching his head and saying , " well , Maxie , that 's another fine mess you 've gotten us in to " .
And a fine mess it is .
The situation in which F1 finds itself is entirely familiar , an irresistible force has collided with an immovable object .
The end result inevitable .
The sad fact is that what promised to be a bold new exciting season has now degenerated into farce , what with the McLaren saga and now the public battle over who controls F1 , and make no mistake , this is exactly what this current impasse is all about .
Previously , Max Mosley and Bernie Ecclestone were able to beat the teams because they were not united .
Any developing bond between them was quickly exposed and then worked upon , it is a tactic that has served the dominating duo well .
The last time F1 came anywhere near this point , Ecclestone and Mosley picked off Ferrari , indulging the Italian company 's every whim - mostly flattery and money - thereby leaving the threatened breakaway movement fatally wounded , for as Mosley really knows , F1 does need Ferrari .
This time around we have FOTA , the Formula One Teams ' Association - and despite the attempts thus far , and there have been several , the teams appear to be united , for the most part .
When one says , " for the most part " , one is referring to the deafening silence from McLaren and , to a lesser extent , Mercedes during this most recent row .
If one were a total sceptic one might begin to believe that in the same way Ferrari was previously persuaded to ' jump ship ' , a similar job has now been done on Vodafone McLaren Mercedes .
After all , the FIA seemed extremely easy going when it came to ' liar - gate ' .
Then again , there are some who believe that there might be an even bigger threat hanging over certain individuals connected with the Woking outfit , for when one thinks of ' whipping boys ' and McLaren it does n't necessarily have to mean the hapless Dave Ryan .
However , returning to the irresistible force and immovable object analogy , the current " war " was only really known about by those that closely follow the sport , until yesterday , now , following Ferrari 's public threat not to enter F1 , it is up there on the front pages along with the MP expenses scandal , the Pope 's visit to the Middle East , the war in Afghanistan and Susan Coyle , it 's that important .
How the situation will resolve itself nobody knows , for Mosley is not known for giving way , and if the threat of Ferrari and several of its allies / rivals holds up under the pressure the sport will be in an impossible position .
The fact is that costs have to be cut , however , in light of the current global financial crisis surely the people that control the purses behind the teams and their sponsors will reduce the budgets anyway .
Furthermore , as has been pointed out elsewhere , in spite of the current financial crisis have we seen the Football Association tell Manchester United or Chelsea to cap their spending , threatening them that they must effectively play with 9 men while underperforming , less well - off , teams can field 12 players ?
Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff , encapsulated President Obama ’s goal long before the first of the First 100 Days : “ Never let a serious crisis go to waste . ”
That post-election formulation remains the fulcrum for the legislative battle only now starting in earnest .
Over the Next 100 Days , the outcome may turn on how convincingly the White House preserves the link between Mr. Obama ’s agenda and the painful recession he inherited .
Team Obama casts his initiatives on health care , energy , education and the auto and financial industries as responses to that crisis .
His Republican adversaries call the recession merely an excuse for big - government ambitions that liberals have failed to achieve for decades .
Mr. Obama currently holds the upper hand , riding high in the polls while Republicans appear chaotic and hapless .
But he is racing to capitalize for good reason .
Political history , and some early signs this spring , suggest that time is not on his side .
Los Angeles -
What goes around , comes around .
In a music industry struggling to cope with the disruptive forces of the digital age , the latest fad among avant - garde hipsters may take you by surprise .
Turned off by the sterility , homogeneity and downright poor sound of digital tracks , the iPod generation is rediscovering the pleasures of vinyl records .
Evidence for the revolution can be gleaned in the racks of the plucky local record stores that have survived the rise of the MP3 .
In many such stores it can seem like the 1980s all over again as long - haired youths in scruffy jeans flip through stacks of records , pausing to admire the artwork , gleefully reading the album notes , and often haggling with the salesman for a better price on a used disc .
" It 's put the magic back into music for me , " said student Lorin Webber , 22 , as he cascaded through a rack of records at Amoeba Music in San Francisco , one of the largest independent record stores in the US .
" There 's something about putting that needle in a vinyl groove and hearing that tiny crackle and those rich tones .
It makes the music live in a way that it never can in digital . "
Webber is far from alone in his new found passion .
New vinyl sales nearly doubled from 990,000 in 2007 to 1.88 million last year , according to the most recent report from Nielsen SoundScan .
It 's the format 's highest sales total since the company began tracking in 1991 , when vinyl records had already been superseded by the new - fangled compact disc , which itself has since fallen victim to the rise of the MP3 .
That sales figure is almost certainly an underestimate .
According to Nielsen , almost two - thirds of vinyl records are sold by independent record stores which do not usually report their sales to the tracking firm .
The figure also does n't account for the trade that occurs on sites like Craigslist and eBay , where collectors and aficionados hawk their prized collections .
While sales of LPs as they 're still sometimes called - for those too young to know , that 's short for long - playing - are still miniscule compared to MP3 downloads , some vinyl converts swear they could never return to the digital mode despite its obvious conveniences .
One recent advertiser on Craigslist was seeking a turntable , and offered in return some essential tools of his digital generation - an xBox 360 game , an old iPod or a cellphone .
" i hate how stereos and iPods 'n all that jazz wrecks the quality of music !
its so terrible !
( SIC ) , " said the seller .
Record companies and retail giants are well aware of the trend .
Electronics chain Best Buy , which is the third largest music seller in the US , recently announced plans to devote room in all their 1,020 US stores to the nostalgic discs , saying a test programme in several stores had proved successful .
But do n't get carried away , warns Alex Wolfe , the editor - in - chief of Information Week and a self - confessed audiophile and vinyl lover .
He does n't think that the old - fashioned platters will ever amount to much more than a small niche .
" Records are fun to play , even with scratches and their short running time , " he wrote recently .
" What vinyl will never do is reclaim its place as the best medium for music reproduction .
Only the most retro stereophile wo n't admit that digital offers a more faithful , non-degraded rendering of the input signal . " ( dpa )
Do n’t say you did n’t see this one coming , after Microsoft bought shares of Facebook .
Microsoft demoed 2 applications based on Facebook ’s new Open Stream API that actually make happy that you ’ll be able to avoid the mess of the web interface that Facebook has become .
The first application is based on Silverlight and integrates Deep Zoom for photo viewing .
It also shows you your Facebook stream so you can interact with it by commenting or ‘ liking ’ particular items in the feed .
The second application is what really blows you away .
Fabuloous , a desktop application for Windows 7 with support for multitouch really blows you away .
The application has 2 views , one shows a more broad navigation for photos and you news feed , where as if you snap the application to the sides using Aero Snap , it converts into a ‘ mini mode ’ of sorts with a Twitter apps kind of interface .
It also caches the data offline so that you can access it even when you do n’t have Internet access .
Both these applications shows off rich user interfaces and Fabuloous specially shows the power of Software +
Services .
The advantage of desktop applications over purely browser based ones is evident from the rich functionality offered by it .
These applications were put together over a period of just 72 hours , so they do n’t really reflect what more can be done with them .
Both these applications will be available for download over the next few days for users to try them out and play with the code .
I ’d be happy to move away from the Facebook user interface for sure .
Considering that developers are moving towards HTML5 and similar open technologies , we do n’t expect Silverlight based apps ( or Adobe Air based apps either ) to last that long .
Users do not want to install plugins to install apps .
That ’s where browsers and rich web apps beat the likes of Silverlight and Adobe Air .
The winners of the eighth annual Ursa Major Awards ( formally the Annual Anthropomorphic Literature & Arts Awards ) , for the Best in anthropomorphic / " funny animal " literature and art first published during the calendar year 2008 , were announced at a presentation ceremony on Saturday , May 16 , 2009 at All Fur Fun in Spokane , Washington .
The Ursa Major Awards are Anthropomorphic ( a.k.a. Furry )
Fandom 's equivalents of s-f fandom 's Hugo Awards , mystery fandom 's Anthony Awards , horror fandom 's Bram Stoker Awards , and so forth .
The Ursa Majors are administered and presented by the Anthropomorphic Literature and Arts Association ( ALAA ) , an organization dedicated to promoting anthropomorphic literature and arts both within and outside of the fandom .
Nominations and voting for the awards are open to the public .
The physical award consists of an illustrated trophy certificate or plaque , designed by the artist Heather Bruton .
Eligibility in ten categories is for works featuring intelligent &/ or talking animals first published during the calendar year 2008 .
This can include new compilations of older works , such as a new collection of previously - published separate works .
The winners are chosen by popular vote among those participating in Anthropomorphic Fandom who , first , submitted their nominations for the winners , and then voted upon a final ballot consisting of the five finalists ( those receiving the most nominations ) in each category .
The voting for the awards was open to all furry fandom via the Internet ; and took place between March 14th and April 19th ; and received votes from countries as diverse as Australia , Austria , Bulgaria , Canada , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Laos , Mexico , New Zealand , Philippines , Russia , Spain , Sweden , the UK , and the USA .
The envelope , please ...
Best Anthropomorphic Motion Picture
( Producer : Walt Disney ; Distributors : Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , Buena Vista International , November 21 )
Also nominated were :
The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian ( Producers : Walt Disney Pictures , Walden Media , Ozumi Films , Silverbell Films , Stillking Films ; Distributor : Buena Vista , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures ; May 16 )
Kung Fu Panda .
( Producers : Dreamworks Animation , Pacific Data Images ; Distributors : Paramount Pictures , Dreamworks Animation ; June 6 )
Madagascar 2 ( Producer : Dreamworks Animation ; Distributor : Paramount Pictures , November 7 )
Wall - E ( Producers : Pixar Animation Studios , Walt Disney Pictures ; Destributor : Buena Vista , June 27 )
Best Anthropomorphic Dramatic Short Work or Series
( SamBakZa , series episodes # 3 ( Doku & Nabi ) , # 4 ( Paradise ) , and # 5 ( Imagine ) )
Also nominated were :
Big Buck Bunny ( Blender Foundation ; April )
Nine Lives and Counting ( Publicis Mojo for Toyota , November )
Presto ( Pixar Animations distributed by Walt Disney Studios , June 27 )
Wallace and Gromit : A Matter of Loaf and Death ( Aardman Animations for BBC One , Directed by Nick Park ; December 25 )
Best Anthropomorphic Novel
by Kyell Gold .
( Sofawolf Press , January )
Also nominated were :
Ratha 's Courage by Claire Bell .
( Imaginator Pr , October )
Iron Kissed , by Patricia Briggs .
( Ace , January )
Thousand Leaves by Kevin Frane .
( Sofawolf Press , June )
Stick and Bones , by Phil Geusz .
( in ANTHRO # 17 , May / June )
Best Anthropomorphic Short Fiction
by Kyell Gold ( In Out of Position , Sofawolf Press , January ) Adults Only .
Also nominated were :
It 's a Beautiful World , by Kyell Gold .
( in Out of Position , Sofawolf Press , January ) Adults Only .
Secrets , by Kyell Gold . ( in Out of Position , Sofawolf Press , January ) Adults Only .
Third Date , by Kyell Gold . ( in Yiffstar.com , February ) Adults Only .
Earth Rise by Ivor W. Hartmann .
( Something Wicked # 7 , July )
Candy and Music , by K. M. Hirosaki . ( in Heat # 5 , Sofawolf Press , May ) Adults Only .
Best Anthropomorphic Other Literary Work
by Blotch .
( Sofawolf Press , graphic novel , June 8 )
Also nominated were :
Alone in the Dark , edited by Will A. Sanborn .
( Anthropomorphic Dreams Publishing , anthology , October )
ANTHROlogy TWO , edited by Quentin Long .
( ANTHRO Press , September , collection of material from ANTHRO issues # 7-#12 )
Behind The Sofa , Phil Geusz interviews Jeff Eddy and Tim Susman .
( in ANTHRO # 17 , interview , July / August )
Sabrina On - Line : The Story , by Chris Yost . ( Chapter 54 to 56 )
Best Anthropomorphic Graphic Story
by Alex Vance , illustrated by Ayato , Distasty , Krahnos , Charha and Fel. ( Bad Dog Books , # 1 June )
Also nominated were :
Finding Avalon ( Softpaw Publishing , June ) Adults
Only .
Gargoyles , by Greg Weisman , art by David Hedgecock , color by Robby Bevard .
( Slave Labor Graphics , # 8 )
i.s.o. , by Vince Suzukawa ( Classwork Comics , issues # 5 and 6 )
Sandman : The Dream Hunters , by Neil Gaiman and P. Craig Russell .
( Vertigo Comics , Issue # 1 )
Best Anthropomorphic Comic Strip
by Leo Magna / A . Husky .
( Internet strips from # 220 to # 271 )
Also nominated were :
Faux Pas , by Robert & Margaret Carspecken .
( Internet strips from January 2 [ #893 ] to December 31 [ # 1021 ] )
Freefall , by Mark Stanley .
( Internet strips from January 2 [ #1519 ] to December 31 [ # 1673 ] )
Housepets ! , by Rick Griffin ( Internet strips from June 2 to December 31 )
Lackadaisy , by Tracy J. Butler ( Internet strips from Preview Drawing 0014 to # 62 " Daybreak " )
Best Anthropomorphic Magazine
( #5 , May )
Also nominated were :
ANTHRO ( #15 , January - February , to # 20 , November - December )
New Fables by Sofawolf Press ( # 2 , Summer 2008 )
Softpaw Magazine ( #3 , January to # 4 , October ) Adults Only .
Tales of the Tai - Pan Universe ( # 44 , January , to # 45 , September )
Best Anthropomorphic Published Illustration
cover of Eurofurence 14 program book , August .
Also nominated were :
Dark Natasha , centerfold of Eurofurence 14 program book , August
Heather Bruton , " Slumber Party " , cover of ANTHRO # 16 , March - April .
Kacey Miyagami , cover of More Terrible than Chains , CreateSpace , November .
John Nunnemacher , cover of Waterways , Sofawolf Press .
February .
Best Anthropomorphic Game
( Developer : Maxis ; Publisher : Electronic Arts , September 7 )
Also nominated were :
Kung Fu Panda – The Video Game ( Developer : Luxoflux ; Publisher : Activision , June 3 )
Mouse Guard Role Playing Game .
( Developers : designed by Luke Crane , written by Luke Crane and David Petersen , illustrated by David Petersen ; Publisher : Archaia Studios Press ; Summer )
Sonic Chronicles : The Dark Brotherhood ( Developer : BioWare ; Publisher : Sega ; October 1 )
Sonic Unleashed ( Developer : Dimps ; Publisher : SEGA ; November 18 )
Pet Airways is a pet -only airline where our pawsengers fly in the main cabin of our specially equipped aircraft , under the constant supervision of our On - Board Pet Attendants .
It ’s all about the safety , comfort and care of our pawsengers .
The floor plans for this year ’s upcoming Electronic Entertainment Expo have been released .
Guess who has the biggest booth ?
If you guessed Sony , you are correct .
For E3 2009 , Sony has the largest booth of all the developers and publishers .
As of now , we have n’t been able to find what exactly SCEA is planning to do or show with all its space .
This year , E3 runs from June 2nd - 4th ; be sure to stay with PlayStation LifeStyle , as we ’ll be at E3 .
We ’ll be live blogging , twittering and posting all the breaking news as it happens .
It ’s strange , but sometimes when a car gets replaced by a new model the predecessor almost vanishes from the minds of the motoring masses even if it was hugely successful .
Yeah , the RX - 8 has proved to be a great car and extremely popular but what of Mazda ’s original rotary engine sports car that was produced for 25 years ?
I ask this because I was down at a friend ’s place in Sussex and not one , but two Mazda RX - 7s sit on his drive , one old angular and one curvy motor that is his daily drive .
They were great cars but you never saw many of them new or old on the roads .
As good looking as they were , neither model looked as good as this :
Well , if rumours are true , there could be a comeback .
A little rumaging online revealed that Mazda could be turning the Kabura concept into a production model bearing the RX - 7 name and with a hybrid engine itting under the hood .
First Japan , then onto the rest of the world for the new Mazda - Sussex included I assume for my friend ’s benefit – and may even replace the RX - 8 .
Then again , there ’s even more debate over whether it ’ll be a hybrid or a hydorgen - fuelled car that hots the road .
Personally , I ’d be happier if the RX - 7 came back with a hydrogen - fuelled lump thus continuing to offer a change to the norm in pwer source that it did originally .
What do you think : hybrid or hydrogen - fuelled ?
" Deathly pale " is not a phrase that appears in everyday conversation very often .
In fact the only example I can think of occurred the last time I visited a beach .
It was uttered from some nearby ladies as my physique built on my Irish heritage approached the surf .
It stung to hear , but not as much as the sun burn I sustained not ten minutes later .
Luckily my friends at Reaper
Ale feel my pain and have created the perfect brew for drowning my pasty - ass sorrows .
Yes , today we will review Reaper Ale 's Deathly Pale Ale .
I 've already reviewed ( briefly ) one of the beer creations crafted by the deathly cold hands of the brew masters at Reaper Ale .
The Mortality Stout may try men's souls , but I 'll be damned if it was n't delicious !
Nope , still here .
But before I divulge my very soul on the subject of their palest ales , here are a few things you should know about Reaper Ale :
Some breweries have an about page on their Web site .
Reaper ale has a seven chapter ( thus far ) legend that starts with the sentence " Death was pissed . "
Reaper
Ale is brewed and bottled in El Monte , California and not the seventh circle of hell as the packaging may lead you to believe .
It is distributed in California , Colorado , Delaware , New Jersey , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Arizona .
Reaper
Ale makes six varieties of beer thus far each with their own occult - inspired name affixed to its bottle .
These include : Redemption Red Ale , Deathly Pale Ale , Mortality Stout , Sleighor , Ritual and Inevitable
Is Deathly Pale
Ale worth dying for , or should this brew receive its very own dirt nap ?
Tastes : like the sweet release of death , this beer is absolutely refreshing .
Floral notes at the front end of this brew make it a joy to drink and the hoppy finish is powerful without bowling you over .
One of my braver beer drinking compatriots described it as " the best beer we 've tried in weeks . "
I got mine : at Bev Mo for about $ 5 .
They also had the Redemption Red .
Goes with : last meals .
If you 've got a choice , we 'd recommend consuming some pub grub with this delicious brew .
Fish and chips , burgers , over - stuffed sandwiches , it 's all good .
Verdict :
When the grim reaper knocks on my door I 'm planning to have a few bottles of this hanging around .
Deathly Pale is so good it just might by me some time from Death itself .
President Obama and Dick Cheney conspired on Thursday to propagate a myth .
The myth is that we lived through an eight - year period of Bush - Cheney anti-terror policy and now we have entered a very different period called the Obama - Biden anti-terror policy .
As both Obama and Cheney understand , this is a completely bogus distortion of history .
The reality is that after Sept. 11 , we entered a two - or three - year period of what you might call Bush - Cheney policy .
The country was blindsided .
Intelligence officials knew next to nothing about the threats arrayed against them .
The Bush administration tried just about everything to discover and prevent threats .
The Bush people believed they were operating within the law but they did things most of us now find morally offensive and counterproductive .
The Bush - Cheney period lasted maybe three years .
For Dick Cheney those might be the golden years .
For Democrats , it is surely the period they want to forever hang around the necks of the Republican Party .
But that period ended long ago .
By 2005 , what you might call the Bush - Rice - Hadley era had begun .
Gradually , in fits and starts , a series of Bush administration officials  including Condoleezza Rice , Stephen Hadley , Jack Goldsmith and John Bellinger  tried to rein in the excesses of the Bush - Cheney period .
They did n’t win every fight , and they were prodded by court decisions and public outrage , but the gradual evolution of policy was clear .
This site was made possible in part by a grant from the Summerlee Foundation and sponsorship from the SouthWest Alternate Media Project .
The goal is to make an original contribution to U.S. history by documenting , for scholars and general audiences alike , the accomplishments of John Horse and the Black Seminoles .
These maroon warriors , descendants of free blacks and fugitive slaves in the American South , led the largest slave revolt in American history , influenced Abraham Lincoln and the emancipation movement , and were the most successful black freedom fighters in the U.S. prior to the Civil War .
Out west , they and their descendants played a key role in pacifying the Texas frontier as the famed Seminole Negro Indian Scouts .
" Rebellion " is based on the best existing academic research combined with original scholarship .
© 2005 .
Send comments and suggestions to site producer and author J.B. Bird at jb.bird@mail.utexas.edu .
In what is now a recurring trend , when you pre-order from [ shal ] GameStop [ / shal ] you get an exclusive item in return .
Today , the pre-order bonus was announced for [ shal ] Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen [ / shal ] .
When you pre-order the [ shal ] Activision [ / shal ] title from GameStop , you will get a keychain containing a code that unlocks a golden Optimus Prime and Megatron within the game .
These special skins can only be used in online multiplayer , and let ’s be honest .
If you have a gold - plated Optimus Prime , you ’re going to want to show him off to the world .
So be sure to get your pre-order in before the game is released on June 23rd .
Thanks to Eddie Haskell420 for the tip .
[ Source ]
Moving on after a painful break up is never easy .
It takes an astronomical amount of strength and will - power to get back on track and to carry on .
No amount of comforting and reassurance will ever be good enough to make you feel better and to encourage you .
If you are in this situation right now , you can benefit from these insights that we ’re about to share with you .
We want you to know that we understand what you ’re going through .
However , life does n’t end there .
In fact , you can take this as an opportunity to explore new things that you might otherwise miss if you are still in a relationship that is bound to end anyway .
So take this as a challenge and slowly move on towards a life that is more promising and rewarding .
It ’s ok to cry
Cry if you must .
That ’s natural and completely understandable .
We are humans and it ’s within our nature to feel and get emotional .
So whenever you feel like crying , just let it all out .
Take it as a way to release all the pain and frustration .
When you ’re done , you ’ll feel a lot better and more composed .
If you feel like detaching yourself for a while , you ’re entitled to that .
You deserve an “ alone time ” so you can realign your elements and shake it off your system .
Do n’t feel guilty about choosing not to talk to anyone for some time .
You owe it to yourself to cry and feel sad after a break up .
It ’s part of the process .
Just make it a point to not wallow in self - pity for a long time because there ’s a whole new and exciting world that awaits you .
Accept and let go
You are entitled to your own life and no one has control of your life but you .
A break up , no matter how painful it is , does not signal an end .
You still have your whole life ahead of you and the world is filled with so many people who might just become your friends .
So stop chasing for things that are not meant for you .
Accept that some things are meant to end at some point , and learn to let go .
It is only when you let go of the things that are not meant for you that you can start to realize that something better might be in store for you .
Acceptance can bring in a wave of hope that eventually , it will all turn out for the best .
Life goes on
No matter how broken you are ; the world will not stop for you .
The world will still turn and there will still be night and day .
People will go on to live their normal lives and it would be “ business as usual ” at work .
Basically , life will go on whether you choose to cry or be happy .
It ’s all up to you if you will choose to live the rest of your mornings crying or facing a new day ; because despite of what you ’re going through ; life will go on .
Live for yourself
We acknowledge how you feel .
In fact , feelings are always valid .
However , they ’re not always acceptable .
It ’s ok to feel the pain and all the hurt , but it does n’t make sense to make your life revolve around them .
Live for yourself .
Do n’t make excuses that you ’re only human who ’s capable of getting hurt .
The Higher Power did n’t create a whole lot of weaknesses in you .
In fact , you have been equipped with a mind to think and to be rational .
Start by thinking of it this way ; “ he ’s not your life .
He ’s just a part of it ” .
Therefore , you can still live and be whole again .
Love yourself
Learn to love yourself above all else .
Take some time to savor your new - found freedom .
Appreciate what you ’re capable of doing and treat yourself to something like travel , a new look , a luxurious spa treatment , or a new wardrobe .
Do n’t go out looking for a new person to date or go out with .
Do n’t rush .
Be self - sufficient .
There ’s no empty space to fill in because you are enough .
Just make good use of your extra time and appreciate yourself .
Remember , you cannot give what you do not have .
In order to love others , you must love yourself first .
by Johann Hari
Who imagined that in 2009 , the world ’s governments would be declaring a new War on Pirates ?
As you read this , the British Royal Navy – backed by the ships of more than two dozen nations , from the U.S. to China – is sailing into Somalian waters to take on men we still picture as parrot - on - the - shoulder pantomime villains .
They will soon be fighting Somalian ships and even chasing the pirates onto land , into one of the most broken countries on earth .
But behind the arrr- me - hearties oddness of this tale , there is an untold scandal .
The people our governments are labeling as “ one of the great menaces of our times ” have an extraordinary story to tell – and some justice on their side .
Pirates have never been quite who we think they are .
In the “ golden age of piracy ” – from 1650 to 1730 – the idea of the pirate as the senseless , savage thief that lingers today was created by the British government in a great propaganda heave .
Many ordinary people believed it was false : Pirates were often rescued from the gallows by supportive crowds .
Why ?
What did they see that we can’t ?
In his book “ Villains of All Nations , ” the historian Marcus Rediker pores through the evidence to find out .
If you became a merchant or navy sailor then – plucked from the docks of London ’s East End , young and hungry – you ended up in a floating wooden Hell .
You worked all hours on a cramped , half - starved ship , and if you slacked off for a second , the all - powerful captain would whip you with the cat o’ nine tails .
If you slacked consistently , you could be thrown overboard .
And at the end of months or years of this , you were often cheated of your wages .
Pirates were the first people to rebel against this world .
They mutinied against their tyrannical captains – and created a different way of working on the seas .
Once they had a ship , the pirates elected their captains , and made all their decisions collectively .
They shared their bounty out in what Rediker calls “ one of the most egalitarian plans for the disposition of resources to be found anywhere in the 18th century . ”
They even took in escaped African slaves and lived with them as equals .
The pirates showed “ quite clearly – and subversively – that ships did not have to be run in the brutal and oppressive ways of the merchant service and the Royal navy . ”
This is why they were popular , despite being unproductive thieves .
The words of one pirate from that lost age – a young British man called William Scott – should echo into this new age of piracy .
Just before he was hanged in Charleston , South Carolina , he said : “ What I did was to keep me from perishing .
I was forced to go a -pirating to live . ”
In 1991 , the government of Somalia – in the Horn of Africa – collapsed .
Its 9 million people have been teetering on starvation ever since – and many of the ugliest forces in the Western world have seen this as a great opportunity to steal the country ’s food supply and dump our nuclear waste in their seas .
Yes : nuclear waste .
As soon as the government was gone , mysterious European ships started appearing off the coast of Somalia , dumping vast barrels into the ocean .
The coastal population began to sicken .
At first they suffered strange rashes , nausea and malformed babies .
Then , after the 2005 tsunami , hundreds of the dumped and leaking barrels washed up on shore .
People began to suffer from radiation sickness , and more than 300 died .
Ahmedou Ould - Abdallah , the U.N. envoy to Somalia , tells me : “ Somebody is dumping nuclear material here .
There is also lead and heavy metals such as cadmium and mercury – you name it . ”
Much of it can be traced back to European hospitals and factories , who seem to be passing it on to the Italian mafia to “ dispose ” of cheaply .
When I asked Ould - Abdallah what European governments were doing about it , he said with a sigh : “ Nothing .
There has been no cleanup , no compensation and no prevention . ”
At the same time , other European ships have been looting Somalia ’s seas of their greatest resource : seafood .
We have destroyed our own fish stocks by over - exploitation – and now we have moved on to theirs .
More than $ 300 million worth of tuna , shrimp , lobster and other sea life is being stolen every year by vast trawlers illegally sailing into Somalia ’s unprotected seas .
The local fishermen have suddenly lost their livelihoods , and they are starving .
Mohammed Hussein , a fisherman in the town of Marka 100 km south of Mogadishu , told Reuters : “ If nothing is done , there soon wo n’t be much fish left in our coastal waters . ”
This is the context in which the men we are calling “ pirates ” have emerged .
Everyone agrees they were ordinary Somalian fishermen who at first took speedboats to try to dissuade the dumpers and trawlers , or at least wage a “ tax ” on them .
They call themselves the Volunteer Coast Guard of Somalia – and it ’s not hard to see why .
In a surreal telephone interview , one of the pirate leaders , Sugule Ali , said their motive was “ to stop illegal fishing and dumping in our waters …
We do n’t consider ourselves sea bandits .
We consider sea bandits [ to be ] those who illegally fish and dump in our seas and dump waste in our seas and carry weapons in our seas . ”
William Scott would understand those words .
No , this does n’t make hostage - taking justifiable , and yes , some are clearly just gangsters – especially those who have held up World Food Program supplies .
But the “ pirates ” have the overwhelming support of the local population for a reason .
The independent Somalian news site WardherNews conducted the best research we have into what ordinary Somalis are thinking – and it found 70 percent “ strongly supported the piracy as a form of national defense of the country ’s territorial waters . ”
One of the pirate leaders , Sugule Ali , said their motive was “ to stop illegal fishing and dumping in our waters …
We do n’t consider ourselves sea bandits .
We consider sea bandits [ to be ] those who illegally fish and dump in our seas and dump waste in our seas and carry weapons in our seas . ”
During the revolutionary war in America , George Washington and America ’s founding fathers paid pirates to protect America ’s territorial waters , because they had no navy or coast guard of their own .
Most Americans supported them .
Is this so different ?
Did we expect starving Somalians to stand passively on their beaches , paddling in our nuclear waste , and watch us snatch their fish to eat in restaurants in London and Paris and Rome ?
We did n’t act on those crimes – but when some of the fishermen responded by disrupting the transit corridor for 20 percent of the world ’s oil supply , we begin to shriek about “ evil . ”
If we really want to deal with piracy , we need to stop its root cause – our crimes – before we send in the gunboats to root out Somalia ’s criminals .
The story of the 2009 war on piracy was best summarized by another pirate , who lived and died in the fourth century BC .
He was captured and brought to Alexander the Great , who demanded to know “ what he meant by keeping possession of the sea . ”
The pirate smiled and responded : “ What you mean by seizing the whole earth ; but because I do it with a petty ship , I am called a robber , while you , who do it with a great fleet , are called emperor . ”
Once again , our great imperial fleets sail in today – but who is the robber ?
Johann Hari is a writer for the Independent newspaper .
He has reported from Iraq , Israel / Palestine , the Congo , the Central African Republic , Venezuela , Peru and the U.S. , and his journalism has appeared in publications all over the world .
To contact him , email johann@johannhari.com or visit his website at JohannHari.com .
This column previously appeared in the Independent and Huffington Post , where the following postscript was added :
Postscript : Some commentators seem bemused by the fact that both toxic dumping and the theft of fish are happening in the same place – would n’t this make the fish contaminated ?
In fact , Somalia ’s coastline is vast , stretching 3,300 km ( over 2,000 miles ) .
Imagine how easy it would be – without any coast guard or army – to steal fish from Florida and dump nuclear waste on California , and you get the idea .
These events are happening in different places but with the same horrible effect : death for the locals and stirred - up piracy .
There ’s no contradiction .
Some cute cats and dogs photos , they ’re so lovely : )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Japan and so is a fascination with robotics .
At the Tokyo Institute of Technology , Professor Shigeo Hirose is developing a robot that could help rescue survivors after an earthquake .
The BBC's Richard Black took the opportunity to take a look at the robot and some of the professor 's other creations .
Over the past year , we 've had the chance to see bits and pieces of Heavy Rain a couple times , most recently back in December .
Our looks at the game have been shrouded in mystery for the most part , giving us glimpses at how the game looks and how it'll work from a macro level , but details on exactly who these people are and how the characters were tied together were left in the dark .
The +fights+play+out+differently+depending+on+how+you+do.
When +you're+about+to+be+eaten+by+a+car+compactor,+you+need+to+think+fast .
That all changed back in April when I had the chance to not only see an extended act from the game but also get my hands on the title for the first time .
To say Heavy Rain Quantic Dream is crafting here could turn out to be nothing short of an instant classic if all the pieces come together correctly .
It 'll take us more than a single play - through to figure that out , however , as the game is n't designed to be a linear tale by any stretch of the means .
Instead , it 's something meant to be experienced in unique ways by different people each time you go through the game .
The biggest example of this has to do with the four characters and their part in the game .
Each of the four main characters is in some way tied to or searching for the Origami Killer , a murderer who leaves an origami bird at each crime scene .
Each of these characters plays out their part in the game in unique scenes , with the title swapping between them chapter by chapter ( of which there are currently 60 - plus ) .
We 're told that the characters are exclusive to their individual scenes , meaning that for the bulk of the game , they wo n't directly interact with one another .
I would n't be surprised if they come together at the end , but for the most part , they all make up separate parts of the story .
The interesting bit here is that each character , and moreover each scene , plays out in a unique manner , and each one gives you a different perspective on the story .
But as I said , the game is n't meant to be played in a linear fashion , at least in the normal sense of " linear " in terms of game design .
If a character dies , they 're dead , but the game does n't end .
It simply goes on with you continuing as the remaining characters ; you just miss out on the dead peoples ' scenes .
If you want to get the full experience of the tale you 'll want to do your best to keep them alive until the finale , but should death become them , it 'll only work to make your story more personal .
My time with the game was spent in a scene ( set somewhere in the middle of the game ) starring Norman Jayden , a detective on the trail of the Origami Killer .
As with everything else in Heavy Rain , Jayden is n't a simple character .
While he's one of the good guys and is doing everything in his power to hunt down and stop the killer , he also has a drug addiction that he 's hiding from the force .
His vice is called triptocaine , and as he 's trying to kick his habit , he sometimes suffers from withdrawals and has to resolve to feeding the monkey to keep it together .
This can directly affect his scenes in big ways , which I 'll come back to in a bit .
The setup for the scene is that the police have determined that the Origami Killer had driven a car at some point that came from a chop shop run by a man named Mad Jacky .
His chop shop doubles as a junkyard , so Jayden heads there for some answers .
" SHY TEENS "
BY EROFEY
3000 PIXELS RES .
Added 2009-01-31
65 Images
AmourAngels , the new paradise !
In Amour Angels collections visitors and members will see only the freshest and most sweetest young teens .
We have dedicated ourselves to serve the Goddess of Art while showing the natural beauty of our nude teen models .
The serenity and youthful shy in their eyes is the best path to find enjoyment in the labyrinth of passion .
Amour Angels offer thousands of carefully selected pictures featuring naked virgin babes .
Full joy for mind and soul .
Chose between Russian teens , naked babes , sweet teen nude art from the huge list of movies in High Definition or collections of our beautiful , natural and virgin models .
Extra unique content of the Amour Angels will not leave anyone indifferent .
Join us and have fun in our members area .
" Fairy tales and legends " is the theme of this year 's World Sand Sculpture Festival now underway at the Tottori Sand Dunes in Tottori prefecture .
On display ( until May 31 ) are 19 massive works crafted by world - class sculptors from ten nations .
The artists used around 2,700 tons of sand and took about two weeks to complete their works .
Can you identify the fairy tales and legends depicted in these sand sculptures ?
The Netherlands ( front ) [ via ]
The Netherlands ( rear ) [ via ]
Germany [ via ]
India ( front ) [ via ]
India ( rear ) [ via ]
Spain [ via ]
USA ( front ) [ via ]
USA ( rear ) [ via ]
Czech Republic [ via ]
Russia ( front ) [ via ]
Russia ( rear ) [ via ]
Australia ( front ) [ via ]
Australia ( rear ) [ via ]
Canada [ via ]
China [ via ]
Unknown [ via ]
Code Generation for Dummies
Matthew Fowler
New Technology / enterprise , http://www.nte.co.uk
Introduction
When I was a lad , code generation referred to the final phase of a compiler .
Having digested your source code , the compiler would pump out the " code " for the target machine .
At that time , " machine " meant a CPU instruction set - so this was machine operation code being generated .
Having learnt all compiling languages like FORTRAN and PL / I , my second job - way before the PC , let alone the dreaded CASE tools - was to build a code generator to create CRUD applications .
Back then , it was practically unheard of to do this .
These days , ' code generation ' is so well established that Wikipedia has a new meaning for it - i.e. " source code generation " rather than " machine code generation " ... and it has all sorts of new terms and ideas swirling around it .
It turns out that there are fundamental similarities between the old and new versions " code generation , and comparing them helps us understand the similarities .
It is a good place to start to understand today 's code generation landscape .
I 'm going to start by drilling down into old " code generation " and compare it relationship to DSLs and modelling ... and establish the similarities between all three .
Using this common basis , I 'll explain the reason behind the recent fashion for " XML with everything " and the de-facto standard approach to defining languages in XML .
Finally , I will actually describe the first steps in code generation .
Something Old
A compiler runs through a number of phases in processing an input language program :
lexical analysis , which turned a character stream into a ' token ' stream .
For example , if we write " i = 0 ; " in C or its successors , this turns into the tokens [ IDENTIFIER ( i ) ] [ EQUALS ] [ INTEGER(0 ) ] [ SEMICOLON ] .
the preprocessing phase .
Some languages , notably C , have preprocessing that works on tokens , so they had to go next .
Preprocessors could include source files , paste tokens together or turn arguments into a complete new sequence of tokens .
parsing
, which analyzed the tokens according to the grammar of the language and produces an Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) : the " abstract syntax " is the grammar free of syntactic confetti like ' ; ' or '.' , and it's a tree because there is one root - the program - with the contents of the program beneath it as AST nodes .
In an OO world , the AST nodes will all be derived from a Node base object but have specific types for the grammatical constructs - IfStatementNode , IdentifierNode , IntegerConstantNode .
semantic validation and optimization .
This worked directly on the AST , checking out that it made sense ( e.g. referenced variables were declared if necessary ) and optimizing it .
finally - at last - the actual code generation bit , which wrote out the machine code or some equivalent intermediate form .
The two main tool - sets I know of to help with compiler construction are the LEX / YACC pair from UNIX and ANTLR .
Both of these help with the lexical and parsing phase , and use a specification of the syntax / grammar to do their work .
In computing terms , many of the ideas about compilers are not old - they 're positively ancient .
Descriptions of syntax still derive from BNF ( Backus Normal / Naur Form ) , dating back to the 1950's ; parsing techniques were regularized in the 1960s .
Summary for dummies :
Language processing , including code generation to machine code , is well - established and old hat .
The main structural phases are lexical analysis , parsing and code generation .
Something New ?
Now , if we 're fashionably up - to - date , we 'll shun general - purpose programming languages ( ' GPLs ' ) like Java or C# and do development by creating a model or writing a program in a Domain Specific Language ( ' DSL ' ) .
So is this new ?
Let 's look at what happens in language terms when we use a DSL , taking regular expressions as an example .
The " regular expressions " DSL was one of the languages built in the 1970's to assist UNIX developers .
The initial raison d'être for UNIX was typesetting at Bell Labs ( it took a slight detour along the way ) so mini-languages were created around the notion of text manipulation - sed , awk , grep and regular expression 's are the ones that roll off the tongue .
A regular expression is a series of commands to find a substring of a larger string based on its shape rather than the exact text - so it was pattern matching for text .
A regular expression is made up of a number of actions - basically telling the interpreter what to do to find the string .
For example :
^ Match the beginning of the line - i.e. what follows must be at the start of the line
21 : Match the string " 21 : " exactly .
[ a - z ]
A range , given in the [ ] brackets , in this case it is from a-z .
[ ^W ] Match any character except upper -case W .
+ Using the preceding regular expression , match one or more of them .
. Match any character .
* Using the preceding regular expression , match zero or more of them .
Most modern editors allow you to search files for a regular expression and they 're very useful in certain situations .
For example , we 've done a lot of looking at logs recently .
In thousands of lines , we often want to find where the initialization is finished for a particular run , so there is a line like :
21:19:49 132.940.838 Brokerage getProxy Working at 21:19:49
Searching for an exact string wo n't work here because the timestamps change .
To find where the system started working around 9 pm , we can do a search in the editor using a regular expression like
^ 21 : [^W ] + Work .*
The '^ ' matches the beginning of the line and then the characters " 21 : " select the 9 pm timeframe .
The [ ^W ] + skips one or more characters that are not ' W ' , followed by " Work " .
'.*' matches the rest of the line .
Let 's come back to the idea of a regular expression as a series of commands .
This is a fundamental pattern in software : we 're telling a processor what to do .
You could also write the processor in Java , in which case you would control it using an API .
Something like this :
MatchSequence matcher = newMatchSequence ( ) .startLine ( ) .literal ( " 21 : " ) .oneOrMore ( new AnythingBut ( " W " ) ) .literal ( " Work " ) .restOfLine ( ) ;
( If you know regular expression , please forgive the conversion of '.*' into ' restOfLine ' - it would be strictly correct as a ' zeroOrMore ' plus ' anyCharacter ' combination . )
While lengthy regular expressions demand patience and humility to debug , in their domain ( pattern - based text searching ) they are sharper and faster than the general - purpose alternative .
This is characteristic of a good DSL : its conciseness aids thinking because there is a direct correspondence between how an expert thinks and the symbols of the DSL .
This means that the form ( the syntax and its resonance with the domain expert 's concepts ) and context ( for example , the spreadsheet presentation of Visicalc ) are vitally important to the success of a DSL .
The rules for writing correct programs are often called the concrete syntax ; and it has its own rules of composition just as the abstract syntax does .
As you have probably guessed from the section title , the processing of DSL 's proceeds exactly as for general purpose languages .
The lexical analysis splits the text based on the special characters :
STARTLINE TEXT LEFTBRK UPARROW CHARS RIGHTBRK PLUS TEXT DOT START ^ 21 : [ ^ W ] +
Work . *
The parser creates an AST that is similar to the Java code given above :
RegularExpression | _________________________________________________________ | | | | | | StartLine Literal ( " 21 : " ) OneOrMore Literal ( " Work " ) RestOfLine | AnythingBut ( " W " )
I find it helpful to think of the AST as the in -memory representation of the instructions for the next processing step .
We 're interested in code generators , but the regular expression handler in my editor is interpreted ; the same AST works equally well .
Each node in the AST is an instance of a class , with qualifying attributes ( e.g. " 21 : " ) and possibly children - for example , the OneOrMore class must have something to work on , which is represented by a child instance .
Generalizing from this example , we use the following terms about abstract syntax :
The top half of the diagram is about the design of the language .
The language creator has a bright idea about a processor for a domain , which he or she elaborates as follows :
The domain is based on some concepts ( e.g. start of line ) and either a description of information or operations to do on those concepts .
For the regular expression language , the " operation " is implied in all the AST nodes - they all request a match of the string .
( e.g. start of line ) and either a description of information or operations to do on those concepts .
For the regular expression language , the " operation " is implied in all the AST nodes - they all request a match of the string .
Concepts can have some attributes to supply additional information .
For RE's , these are the string to match ( " 21 : " ) , or the available character range .
to supply additional information .
For RE's , these are the string to match ( " 21 : " ) , or the available character range .
A program is a composition of concepts and attributes .
For the processor to know what to do , the " OneOrMore " node will need a child expression .
This sort of composition is apparent from the AST , but others are more subtle , such as not defining a variable with the same name twice .
This is the abstract syntax .
The concrete syntax also has concepts , attributes and composition rules , plus the additional syntactic framework so it can be represented in a particular medium , such as the braces in the ' class {...} ' construct for the written form of a program .
n the bottom half of the diagram , the programmer writes the program in concrete system which is transformed into an AST .
Summary for dummies :
an abstract syntax comprises concepts , attributes and rules of composition
, and a concrete syntax has the same elements as the abstract syntax , with additional markings to map the abstract syntax onto the program medium like a text file
there 's no difference in processing DSLs ( Domain - Specific Languages ) and GPLs ( General - Purpose Languages ) ; the difference is in the form and representation of a specific domain 's concepts and actions
DSLs ( Domain - Specific Languages ) and GPLs ( General - Purpose Languages ) ; the difference is in the form and representation of a specific domain 's concepts and actions the acceptability of a DSL in a particular domain is determined by its form and presentation ( because the underlying concepts and compositions are likely to be similar between different DSLs for the same domain ) .
Models and Graphical DSLs
We introduced ' models ' at the end of the last section , then promptly ignored them .
Now it is time to return to them , and address the terminology minefield , which has generated much confusion and heat in the last few years .
To a lot of people , models mean " UML models " .
The problem with this for our discussion of code generation is that UML models have historically been more of a means of communication than a rigorous specification of what a program has to do .
As our interest is in code generation , I will use the term " model " to mean something written in a Graphical DSL that is precise enough to generate code from ; we could also be more precisely about the regular expression grammar and call it a Textual DSL .
There is a growing trend in the Microsoft and Eclipse camps to use " DSL " to mean " Graphical DSL " , but this is strictly incorrect .
A graphical DSL has an editor with a range of objects that can be drawn on the modelling surface .
Typically you can add names and other details on the drawn object ; for a ' Class ' we can add fields and methods for example .
There are also relationships between the objects , often expressed as lines but sometimes by other graphic devices , like attachment or nesting one object within another .
Graphical DSLs provide picture symbols to represent the use of a concept rather than a text representation , presumably because 8 - year - olds and business sponsors find these easier to understand .
So , rather than writing " ^21 : [ ^W ] + Work . * " or the AST equivalent , we might construct the graphical DSL as follows :
The graphical DSL can throw away the syntactical clutter , like ' [ ] ' for the character range , because it is implied by the symbol .
However , the composition still has to be expressed somehow : in this rendering , it is explicit using arrow to imply order and the container symbol for the parent - child relationship .
This is an example of concrete syntax mapped onto a graphical medium .
The above picture now looks very like the AST we drew out textually ... which was
RegularExpression | _________________________________________________ | | | | | StartLine Literal OneOrMore Literal RestOfLine ( " 21 : " ) | ( " Work " ) | AnythingBut ( " W " )
This is no accident : graphical DSLs allow users to use concepts , specify their properties and compose them into composite structures , just like DSLs do .
To briefly come back to UML models , and address their relation to graphical DSLs .
The basic diagrams in UML modelling are DSLs in their own right , and in particular , the class diagram defines the information behind a C++ or Java program pretty well .
At this basic level , " code generation " means converting UML to C / Java / whatever syntax ; round - tripping means going back from code into a UML diagram .
For example , this diagram
is equivalent to the Java code
class Person { ... } class Customer extends Person { Address address ; ... } class Address { ... }
The class diagram of UML gives us another naming issue .
Strictly speaking , it is a graphical DSL , but its domain is so generic - the description of classes of objects and their relations - that for most developers these days it is more like the data definition part of a GPL .
UML can be made more interesting by adding " profiles " , which specializes all the modelling elements with a user - chosen " stereotype " name ( e.g. in entity - relations modelling , we would use < < entity > > and << relation >> stereotypes ) and related tagged values like " description " .
For example , here is a stereotyped UML class and some specific tagged values for the stereotype :
UML with stereotypes is the quickest approach to building a graphical DSL if your company has a UML tool , but it has drawbacks : the rules of composition that you would expect in a specialised graphical DSL cannot be specified - they will default to the UML rules ; also , all the native UML information will be present in the modeler which is distracting if it is not relevant to the domain .
Graphical editors will have a serialization format , which is now a textual representation of the " program " .
For UML , this is XMI ( XML Metadata Interchange ) , which is as baroque as its name implies .
In Eclipse , models can similarly be serialized in XML dialects .
Summary for dummies :
A model , or graphical DSL , uses a visual representation of its concrete syntax rather than a textual one .
A model often suggests the structure of an AST , and for processing purposes a model is converted to an AST .
So for code - gen , Model == > AST .
XML and DSLs
The AST is the Great Divide of Code Generation : on our left is the expression of the intent in the source language - GPL or DSL , textual or graphical - and its transformation into an AST ; on our right is the production of the code or whatever else we want to do with the AST .
The AST is the central point of leverage .
Before we press on and talk about code generation , there are some important points to note about the AST .
The starting point is that an AST is isomorphic to an XML document .
Here comes the now - famous regular expression example , recast as an XML document using attributes for the embedded details :
< RegularExpression > < StartLine /> < Literal text = " 21 : " /> < OneOrMore > < AnythingBut characterRange= " W " /> </ OneOrMore > < Literal text =" Work " /> < RestOfLine /> </RegularExpression >
This XML could be a serialization of the AST ... or it could be written directly , with the XML dialect as the domain - specific language .
Here 's the entity - relational model we discussed earlier , recast as an XML ' program ' :
< entity name = " Customer " dataSource = " ds36 " description =
" Someone who works at one or more centres " > < attribute name = " forename " type = " String " /> </entity >
Developers have been using XML dialects as ad - hoc DSLs for some time .
( While the " Domain " in " DSL " often has a connotation of " business domain " , there is no reason this can't apply to technical domains , which is where this sort of DSL approach is used most . )
In other words :
the concrete syntax is mapped to XML syntax ;
the concepts are used as XML element tags ;
additional information is mapped to attributes ;
and the composition capability restricted to nesting which allows you to build up the AST tree .
This gives a natural or " bare " format we 'll call AST - XML ( although I 'm sure someone 's dreamed up a better name , if only I could find it ) : there is no additional syntax or meta- information in the XML model , making it is all a direct representation of the AST in XML .
So here is our " language creation process " , with the XML short - cuts :
the additional syntax in the concrete syntax is taken care of by XML
the training of user 's regarding the syntax is taken care of by XML if the user is a programmer
the syntactical analysis for producing the AST is handled by standard XML tools
the developer still has to define classes for converting the XML stream into objects .
XML - based configuration in the last few years has pretty much standardized on this approach - e.g.
Spring beans definition , for defining beans to add into your program .
< beans ...> < bean id=" customerSimulator_ActionsBean " class= " com.equity.customer.CustomerSimulator_Actions " init-method= " Gsb_InitiatePulsesAndListener " /> </ beans >
The intent of this program is to inject an instance of the CustomerSimulator_Actions class into the program .
Spring Beans therefore is a DSL for defining class instances and their interrelation .
To understand how simple the AST - XML approach is , contrast it with other approaches that include this data , such as this from XMI version 1.1
< UML:ModelElement.taggedValue > < UML:TaggedValue tag= " BusinessName " value= " a3 " /> </UML:ModelElement.taggedValue >
Most of this is describing XMI itself .
The useful information would be written BusinessName = " a3 " ' in AST - XML .
The lack of superfluous stuff makes it easier to read and to transform from or generate code .
We cannot leave this subject without mentioning Ant 's clever approach to implicit AST instantiation .
Ant allows developers to write their own plugins as Java classes which are invoked by XML in the build file .
The normal approach to converting XML elements to model objects is to use SAX to read the XML and then instantiate objects to represent the XML elements .
Instead ,
Ant uses implicit instantiation using introspection and naming conventions , which works as follows .
There is an AST node for regular - expression matching condition - i.e. there is a < matches > element in the XML .
This can have a nested element < regexp > , which defines the RE to match .
If the class for the < matches > element is Matches , then for this to work it must have an addRegExp ( ) method - i.e. ' add ' plus the capitalised name of the nested element .
There must also be a parameter ( often the same name as the nested element - e.g. RegExp ) .
So when Ant sees the < regexp > element , it finds the addRegExp ( ) method , creates a an instance of the class , then calls addRegExp ( ) passing in that method :
matchesElement.addRegExp(new RegExp )
The same convention - based approach is used to set the attributes .
This time , mapping of attributes to the AST node is by setX ( ) methods , so the XML pattern= " ^21 [ ^W ] + Work . * " results in the call
regExpElement.setPattern ( " ^21 [ ^W ] + Work . * " )
Implicit AST instantiation separates the concerns - of the construction of the AST , from the definition of the class itself - so generating the AST - XML is equivalent to generating the AST .
The combination of AST - XML and implicit AST instantiation removes all the syntax and grammar work that used to be required to define a language .
Summary for dummies :
The AST is the Great Divide of Code Generation , joining the expression of intent - the language - to the processor that is going to carry out the intention .
An AST is isomorphic to an XML document ; there is a natural " AST - XML " mapping .
Technical language developers are starting to use XML dialects as DSLs .
AST - XML plus implicit instantiation removes all need for the language designer to implement syntax and grammar processing
AST Representation
Code generators ( or interpreters ) are programs and so there needs to be a generate - time representation of the AST .
This is usually implemented by defining classes ( in the same as the generators language - Java , C# etc. ) for the concepts , fields for the properties and lists for nested children :
Class Entity extends ASTNode { // concepts become classes String name ; // additional attributes become fields String dataSource ; ArrayList < Attribute > attributes ; // children become lists ArrayList < ASTNode > children ; // alternate view of children in order } Class Attribute extends ASTNode { String forename ; String lastName ; }
For small applications , it is most convenient to define these directly in Java .
When you have more than 50 classes or so , it is easier to generate the classes for the generate - time representation .
This not only saves coding time ( you can generate about 50 % of the code at this level ) ; it is also easier to change when the structure of the generate - time classes .
The definition of the classes in the AST is what the UML folk call a MetaModel and should precisely define the classes for the concepts in the DSL or model .
Here are the classes above turned into a BusinessObjects meta- model , which includes the Entity amongst others :
< MetaModel name= " BusinessObjects " > < ASTClass name= " Entity " > < Property name = " name " /> <!--
String is the default --> < Property name= " dataSource " /> < List name = " Attributes " type = " Attribute " /> <!-- list of children automatically generated on all ASTClasses --> </ ASTClass > < ASTClass name = " Property " > < Property name= " forename " /> </ ASTClass > < MetaModel name= " BusinessObjects " >
In our experience , building a meta - model is made much more valuable if the user ( i.e. programmer , or end - user , as appropriate ) documentation is written along with the definition of the meta - model .
The concepts in a domain are absolutely key to most projects ' well - being , but their meaning has a habit of shifting over time ; the documentation anchors the meaning to the original definition and also serves to communicate between project members .
The final point to note about AST classes / meta - models is that the meta - model ( apart from that elusive meaning ! ) are much more stable than most other artifacts .
Technologies come and go , more features get added into the code generation stage , other architectures are addressed ... but the meta - model changes very little over time .
Summary for dummies :
A meta -model is a definition of the concepts , attributes and composition of the AST classes .
It can also include validation and 3GL code for operating on the nodes .
Meta -models define the abstract syntax rather than the concrete syntax .
Given our focus on code generation , the meta - model is more useful than a grammar definition like BNF .
System Generation
You may be slightly nervous by now that , in a paper about " Code Generation " , we will never get to a section about it .
And you would be right !
We believe it is more correct to talk about " system generation " , because these days development is just as much about specifying annotations and configuration as it is about writing code .
This is no problem for modern generation systems that use the templating approach , because these can which can generate any type of output , not just code .
There are a number of levels to system generation , which appear in the following sequence .
Level 1 - Single File
Generation of a single file of code is relatively simple , using the templating idea , where we insert variables into some constant text representing the type of file generated .
This level of code generation is also called Model - to - Text or M2T .
In theory , you could of course write a generator in Java or C# , and this works for small applications .
In practice , this approach is ugly and inconvenient , which is why specialised languages have emerged for this job .
There are more generation engines than you can count .
For the Java world , Velocity is very convenient - it seems to be the choice for model - driven engines .
Different generation ' engines ' have various ways of specifying the variable bits in a template text .
So let 's look at a Velocity template as an example :
1 class $ name 2 { 3 # foreach ( $ property in $ property List ) 4 # if ( !
$ property.type ) 5 # set ( $ property.type = " String " ) 6 #end 7 $ property.type $ property.name ; 8 #end 9 # foreach ( $ lst in $ listList ) 10 # if ( ! $ lst.type ) 11 # set ( $ lst.type = $ this.capitalise ( $ lst.name ) ) 12 #end 13 ArrayList<${lst.type} > $ lstName ; 14 #end 15 }
There are two streams here : on the right is the template for the textual output ; on the left are Velocity directives to guide the processing .
Quick notes :
Line 1 $ name is a reference to a field in the " context object " - which is the AST object this is template is being run for .
The name picked output by introspection , so $ name will take on the values name and dataSource .
Line 3 # foreach ( $x in $ someList ) - nested XML elements like < property > and < list > are made available through the ' ... List ' object - i.e. propertyList and listList in this case .
By convention , nested < property > items are collected into the propertyList object .
Line 4 # if ( !
$ property.type ) - Velocity 's if statement .
The '!' means logical not , and the following expression uses existence as logical true .
Line 5
So if the property type is not defined , then this statement sets the property type to the default , which is " String " .
Line 6
This is an output line and results in e.g. " String name ; " .
Line 13 $ this.capitalise ( ) - Velocity uses Java introspection to pick out available methods on the context object .
" capitalise " is a standard library method .
The sort of generation shown here is exactly what some people mean by the term " code generation " - converting a model to a programming language like C++ or Java .
The following sections describe the elaborations on single - file code generation .
Summary for dummies :
To generate simple text files , generators use a templating approach .
The template has a mix of constant and variable text ; the variable portions are retrieved by evaluating an expression using values from the context object .
Level 2 - One Modelled Element , Multiple Files
One of the slogans about code generation is that it can raise your level of abstraction .
Here is our example of this idea .
It occurs when one modelled element ( AST node ) creates more than one output file ; so the modelled concept ( e.g. entity ) is more abstract than the realization in Java or C# .
Here is the generator creating a range of files required to implement the Entity concept :
The generation system must provide ways to specify this .
There must be a workflow coordinator that runs the generator multiple times on the same context object using different templates .
In a Java environment , this can be done by invoking an Ant or Maven build for the component : it can run the code generator multiple times on the same object using different templates .
Ant build for Entity component - multiple invocations of file generator
Note that , if we use
Ant or some other general - purpose build coordinator , then we can not only generate files , we can also compile classes , create Jars , run tests and so - on .
This means that the generator is not just generating code ; it 's generating coordinated executables like Jars or Wars in the Java environment .
Level 3 - The Complete Tier
If we have a model for one layer of architecture , like the persistence layer , then the next step is to run a build for every object in the AST .
This will generate a complete architectural tier .
The mechanics are to use a tree - walker to visit each node in the AST , bottom - up , to build smaller components first , and then assemble them into larger components .
At each node , the tree - walker runs the build on the component if possible .
For example , methods quite often generate ' snippets ' as part of their build ; class - level objects produce class files ; at the next level up , the Jar can compile all the classes and collect them into a Jar ; and so on to application and deployment .
In other words , using the tree - walker , it is possible to do a " manufacturing assembly " of the complete model to produce a complete tier of the target architecture .
If the tree - walking is part of the generator framework , the individual component can just " build itself " , and leave it up to the framework to do the assembly .
Interlude - Reverse - Engineering and Business Logic
With time , we gradually increase the amount of a system that we can build .
In 2001 , getting 50 % code generation was pretty good ; now , 95 - 97 % generation is possible .
However , there is still hand - written code to weave into the generated framework .
First of all , let 's talk about the features , then we 'll discuss implementation .
The most common approach in supporting business logic is to mark , in the template , an area that is to be preserved when the file is regenerated :
int my Method ( String s ) { /********** special section begin ***********/ return 0 ; /********** special section end ***********/ }
When the method is first generated , the boilerplate code " return 0 " is inserted ; thereafter , any changes are preserved when the method is regenerated .
This looks like a fairly easy facility to implement at first sight .
But what happens when the method name or signature is changed , or the method is moved to a different class ?
Most systems do n't handle this too well , and it causes enough problems to give code generation a bad name .
The general solution hinges on marking every model element with a unique ID in some way - which is fine because all modelling tools seem to do this now , although it does give problems if other approaches are used .
Then the markers can incorporate the UID :
int my Method ( String s ) { /**********
UID : 1234-5678-90 AB begin ***********/ return 0 ; /**********
UID : 1234-5678-90 AB
end ***********/ }
To handle moving methods between files , all the special sections for all the generated code must be extracted before generation begins and then re-inserted as part of the generation - possibly into another file if the method has moved .
Also , to handle renaming of classes , the generator must keep track of files as it generates them and remove any files that are no longer required by the build .
Files normally become obsolete because the model changes , but it can also be because a change in naming standards has been implemented .
One of the advantages of code generation is that you can very easily generate complete trace information - all methods entries and exits , plus logging parameters and return values - for a method ( we tend to do this during debugging , then remove it on going to system test to get the best performance ) .
This is invaluable in distributed programming for example .
As an interesting side - note , our experience is that it is much easier to implement this type of work using text searching than parsing the language files .
Given the right text - handing tools , it only takes a handful of statements to parse generated files and pick out the special code .
A final point , to do with encouraging programmers to keep their hands off the generated code .
First , you can collect all the infrastructure into a Base class and have the user - viewed class inherit off that ; this reduces the temptation for the programmer to start changing generated properties .
This seems to be a well - accepted approach .
Another clue is to separate the generated - only source and put it into a different directory tree from the implementation classes .
Level 4 - Language Techniques
Writing templates for individual files on a given generation target can take you so far - up to around 50 or 100 templates , the refactoring and maintenance load is tractable .
To build more complicated architectures , different techniques are needed ; we now address the specific language features for handling code generation .
We have already seen a very important - if mundane - technique for writing templates , namely indentation .
This becomes vitally important as the generation logic and the output itself get more complex .
Generating JSPs for web pages is the worst : it is easily possible to have 5 levels of nesting in the Velocity script and 15 in the output .
Without indentation , this becomes impossible .
One of the big issues in generation is the support from the underlying language of the AST .
For example , if the AST classes are implemented in Java , can you get support from Java ?
Velocity provides features to evaluate expressions and set properties on the underlying Java objects .
As Velocity is open source , it is easy to extend it to create additional objects - i.e. objects that were n't created as part of the AST - to hold snippets of text , lists ( e.g. $ newArrayList to create an ArrayList object ) and so on .
This general approach - to give unrestricted access to the features of the AST language - avoids the need to recreate Java functionality in Velocity and makes the approach more acceptable to developers used to Java .
.. and so what is the split in responsibility between the M2T language and Java ?
The simple answer is that , once the generation system grows past a few hundred templates , you 'll take all the help you can get !
The OMG has a language in this category called MOF2 Text , the ' MOF ' part of that being UML model elements ( " .
This is not widely accepted to our knowledge and this must surely be in part to its basis on " MOF " objects , which - like the more exotic products of atomic collisions - are not often seen in the wild .
The MOF2 Text ' library ' contains around 20 methods ; the Java library contains thousands of classes and over 10,000 methods .
The ability to leverage a well - known and popular language compared to using a small and immature language for the underlying objects makes it clear why the Velocity approach is more powerful .
There are further issues that arise in generating large systems which we do not have space to discuss here .
In summary , these tend to focus the language and its utility methods on the domain of generation , which is basically text handling and AST walking .
Level 5 - Model - to - Model ( M2M )
The main technique to handle large - scale architecture , and also abstractions , is a Model - to - Model ( or M2 M ) approach .
The original motivation for this , as expressed in the OMG 's MDA approach , was to create a series of " platform - independent models " ( PIMs ) , each of levels decreasing abstraction , until finally the " platform - specific model " ( PSM ) was reached , and which point Model - to - Text could be used .
Our experience , from building generation systems comprising thousands of templates , is that this theory is not borne out in practice :
the " series of PIMs " does not occur in practice
we have never generated a purely abstract intermediate object ( in an intermediate PIM )
model - to - model transforms only make sense when they enhance the AST rather than creating new models - this is better done by writing XML and reading that in .
the " platform - specific model " is better handled by a workflow component that generates multiple output files for one object - see the " Level 2 " section above - so there is really no need for a separate PSM .
However , we do find practical applications of the M2M approach to enhance the AST ( i.e. the input model ) in these situations :
generate smart defaults .
For example , in a persistence application , generate primary keys and onLoad / onStore methods if they have not been specified in the model ;
generate Java using a ( platform - specific ) model of Java ( i.e. generate " < class .../> " output rather than " class { } " ) .
This allows different flavours of class{} to be generated and reduces the effort to maintain the mapping to Java .
to create new tiers and other architectural patterns , described next .
When we build architectural tiers , we need to project one tier into another .
For example , in creating CRUD pages , we want to " project " the data tier into pages - typically one user - facing page per entity .
The same occurs with normal Java patterns such as the facade pattern or master - worker patterns .
This overall approach is recursive : it can be repeated throughout the tiers .
For example , to build an end - to - end CRUD pattern , we do this :
The entity generates its own implementation objects ( DAO etc. ) as described previously .
It also generates a related business object , that is a simple projection of the persistence tier object to the business object layer .
This object sits in the mid-tier and has the main business logic and data transformations from the service interface requirements back to the database .
The pattern is repeated in the business object : it creates objects for its own implementation , then projects itself into the service tier by generating an object for doing CRUD operations on the business object - with create , read , update and delete operations on it !
And so on .
There are a number of languages around to do this - QVT and ATL for example .
Given our view of special purpose languages , we feel a much better approach is to use XML .
Here is an example of a model - to - model generation , simply writing the class - generation example above as a model - to - model transform to create the data transfer object .
1 < class name = " $ name " > 3 # foreach ( $ property in $ propertyList ) 4 # if ( !
$ property.type ) 5 # set ( $ property.type = " String " ) 6 #end 7 < field name= " $property.name " type= " $property.type " /> 8 #end 15 </ class >
This approach is very powerful because
it separates the AST - XML generation from the reading in to the AST ( which will be the same as the original AST read - in ) in an XML and subsequent model - to - text generation .
All these concerns are separated into independently - maintained parts
it is recursive - a model element can project itself through multiple tiers , just as is required by the CRUD pattern .
In an enterprise architecture , cross - tier patterns like this expand the number of model elements in the build by a factor of 20 ( for a lightweight stack like Hibernate , Spring , JSF and Apache Trinidad ) and 50 times ( for J2EE ) .
Level 6 - System Generator Product Lines
There are additional code generation techniques that become important when building a range of product generators - like aspects , using symbolic names via the AST , overridable objects for generating the small details in a number of technical areas , swapping technologies around , and allowing for customer enhancements that easily change the core of the generation .
These are not general techniques in use today , so we will leave them for another time - you will be happy to hear .
Conclusion
We have talked a great deal about the techniques of Domain - and General - Purpose Languages , Modelling and Code Generation .
Using these techniques as a platform , how does our view of software development change ?
When my company first started doing system generation , the largest cost was the simple mechanics of writing lots of transforms .
With better techniques , this cost has reduced significantly , so the largest cost now is understanding the platforms we are targetting .
In other words , we find that most of what we do is get the know - how for the platform , understand the patterns of best practice and provide sample architectures .
Writing the transforms for all of this is relatively straightforward .
However , we also note that most of the concepts remained unchanged - some of the definition files have n't changed in 5 years .
This means that models we created back then will still work today .
Development groups of all sorts have exactly the same issues of learning new areas and migrating .
So whereas we used to see automation and quality as the biggest benefits of code generation , now the main benefits are in reducing the amount of learning and the risk of creating a bad architecture and - when the time comes - the cost of migrating .
The significance of the interest in DSLs is that there will not be a universal successor to 3 GLs of today .
So the best hope for advancement in delivering business value effectively is the use of modelling and DSLs - be they technical or user - oriented - integrated with 3GL code , and projected forward into model - driven testing and deployment .
For implementing models and DSLs , and integrating them with 3GLs , there will be a growing role for code generation .
References
ANTLR http://www.antlr.org/
ATL http://www.eclipse.org/m2m/atl/doc/
awk http://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/manual/gawk.html
BNF Backus Naur Form versus Backus Normal Form
http://compilers.iecc.com/comparch/article/93-07-017
Code Generation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Source_code_generation
grep http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/007908799/xcu/grep.html
Lex http://dinosaur.compilertools.net/lex/
MDA http://www.omg.org/docs/omg/03-06-01.pdf
Programming Languages Peter Wegner " Programming Languages - The First 25 Years "
http://www.cs.ucdavis.edu/~su/teaching/ecs240-08/readings/PLHistoryDesign25yrs.PDF
QVT http://www.omg.org/docs/formal/08-04-03.pdf
Regular expressions
http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/007908799/xbd/re.html
sed http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/007908799/xcu/sed.html
YACC http://dinosaur.compilertools.net/yacc/
Click here to view the complete list of archived articles
This article was originally published in the Spring 2009 issue of Methods & Tools
BELLEVUE , Wash . --
A quarter - century ago , American rocket scientists proposed the " Star Wars " defense system to knock Soviet missiles from the skies with laser beams .
Some of the same scientists are now aiming their lasers at another airborne threat : the mosquito .
In a lab in this Seattle suburb , researchers in long white coats recently stood watching a small glass box of bugs .
Every few seconds , a contraption 100 feet away shot a beam that hit the buzzing mosquitoes , one by one , with a spot of red light .
The insects survived this particular test , which used a non-lethal laser .
But if these researchers have their way , the Cold War missile - defense strategy will be reborn as a WMD : Weapon of Mosquito Destruction .
" We 'd be delighted if we destabilize the human - mosquito balance of power , " says Jordin Kare , an astrophysicist who once worked at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , the birthplace of some of the deadliest weapons known to man .
More recently he worked on the mosquito laser , built from parts bought on eBay .
The scientists ' actual target is malaria , which is caused by a parasite transmitted when certain mosquitoes bite people .
Ended in the U.S. decades ago , malaria remains a major global public - health threat , killing about 1 million people annually .
Of late , the FED has been inflating the currency more than its usual degree .
The FED is intentionally depreciating the value of the dollar , which is the same as saying that it is raising the prices of various goods and services .
The FED knows that it is inflating .
When the FED announced a large purchase of securities on March 18 , 2009 at 2:30 p.m. , the dollar dropped immediately and gold rose , by large amounts .
An instant devaluation of the dollar occurred .
Of these effects , the FED is completely aware .
The official aim of the FED ’s inflation is to reduce unemployment .
The FED has a dual federal legislative mandate : price stability and full employment .
In periods of high unemployment , the FED speeds up its usual inflation of the currency in an effort to reduce the unemployment .
That ’s the official story .
The official mandate spells out the FED ’s legal or de jure framework .
The FED ’s actual or de facto activity is to inflate 90 percent of the time .
In boom times , the FED inflates .
In periods of moderate unemployment , the FED inflates .
During periods of war , when unemployment is not high , the FED inflates in order to support the bond issues of the federal government .
From 1918 to the present , there are at most a handful of brief periods , lasting perhaps 10 years in total , in which the FED did not inflate the currency .
The FED was set up to inflate , and that ’s what it does .
And , by the way , there is no other cause of inflation but the FED .
My theory is that the FED was set up to inflate in order to benefit member banks .
By inflating , the FED provides member banks with free reserves that are the source of low cost deposits .
The banks obtain this " raw material " cheaply and without much competition .
They profit by using it to make loans .
The FED ’s real objective is not price stability but bank profitability .
Only rarely does the FED have a leader who is tight - fisted with bank reserves or looks to the long - term interests of the banks by regulating the amount and composition of their loans , and then only for short periods of time .
The FED hardly ever stems a boom in the bank lending that it stimulates until it has to , and then it brings on a recession .
The economic effects of the FED ’s inflation are incidental to its overriding objective , which is the welfare of member banks .
As for unemployment and the economy , the FED has no demonstrable loyalty to , affection for , or goodwill toward the American public .
Nothing that it does to the currency has ever shown concern for Americans in the slightest .
If the FED actually cared about the welfare of Americans , it would maintain a stable currency so that people could contract and preserve wealth without worrying that the unit of account would lose value .
The FED has never done this .
Consequently , a person who holds wealth loses a large share of that wealth to confiscatory taxes .
A person who bought an ounce of gold for $ 100 in 1959 and sells that ounce for $ 1,000 in 2009 ( because the FED has devalued the dollar ) must pay a tax of about 28 percent on the phantom capital gain .
If the FED actually cared a whit about the American people , it would maintain a stable currency and thereby moderate the advent and extent of periodic booms and busts .
The FED ’s very existence attacks the public welfare .
The FED serves only bankers and the federal government , and the latter only because it must .
To the extent that inflation ever temporarily changes employment , it is incidental to the FED ’s goal of maintaining or building up bank profitability .
Government support for the FED as a national institution is unswerving .
The federal government has replaced the Bill of Rights with a Bill of Goods promised and sold to the public , every item of which is false .
A superstructure of court economists constantly rationalizes this false Bill of Goods .
Among other false items , which are too numerous too list in their entirety :
The federal government in Washington is an essential agent in providing economic security and stability for the country as a whole .
False .
The entire economy of the country can be beneficially manipulated through macroeconomic policies devised and executed in Washington .
False .
Americans cannot be trusted to operate the price and market system on their own .
They need constant supervision and regulation ( from Washington ) of almost every element of economic activity .
False .
The economic activity of Americans needs constant correction and adjustment by Washington ( as to consumption , saving , employment , interest rates , investment , production , credit , liquidity , mortgages , etc. ) False .
Americans cannot be trusted to produce money and credit on their own .
They need Washington to do this .
False .
The country ’s economy is unstable and needs constant control and guidance from Washington .
Otherwise , recessions and unemployment occur that Americans cannot themselves correct .
False .
Economic stability requires an overall monetary policy stemming from Washington .
False .
Americans are unable to produce a stable price level ( to the extent that such a thing is measurable ) .
They need the FED to do this for them .
False .
Maximum employment is a socially optimal objective .
False .
The federal government and the FED do not create economic instability and insecurity .
False .
The federal government and the FED are capable and adept at moderating and alleviating economic instability at little or no cost .
False .
Exceptional performance of the economy , when it occurs , is due to the skill and wisdom of Washington ’s economic policy makers who successfully manipulate Americans into behaving in their own interests .
False .
The FED has had success in producing price stability and moderating the business cycle .
False .
The FED ’s rationalizations for inflation change over time .
The FED creates new myths continually .
In the last year , the FED has pushed three myths .
Myth # 1 is that its inflation offsets the negative economic effects that are occurring .
Their theory is that the costs , if any , of inflation are lower than the benefits .
Not only is the Austrian analysis directed squarely against this myth , but even in one FED research paper , a 4 percent inflation is estimated to cost 1 percent of output per year !
Another paper finds significant output and utility losses from inflation and concludes " The optimal level of trend inflation is zero . "
Conventional economists are waking up to the negative effects of inflation .
The current depression would not have occurred without the FED ’s inflation .
Professor John B. Taylor ’s paper is highly critical of the FED ’s inflation from 2001 to 2005 .
Coming from a non-Austrian and being highly readable , it is all the more helpful in making the case against the FED .
Myth # 2 is that the FED ’s loans offset economic problems by providing liquidity to the private sector and supporting credit extensions .
The fact is that the credit markets would be a whole lot healthier without the FED .
The market participants would stop over - leveraging .
They would evaluate risks more appropriately .
They would have to provide greater transparency in order to attract capital .
There would be greater competition .
Illusions of liquidity would disappear and the true costs of liquidity become apparent .
To the extent that the FED ’s loans are based upon good collateral ( which the FED emphasizes in the case of primary dealers and banks ) , the FED is crowding out private lenders .
To the extent that the FED is discounting loans that have poor markets or have questionable value , the FED is sustaining lending and institutions that deserve to be under pressure .
The entire thrust of FED policy as geared to liquidity is questionable .
The banking problems center on bad bank loans and the reluctance of lenders to roll over short - term loans to banks whose assets are questionable .
Like the TARP loans , the FED loans cannot resolve these problems .
They have prolonged them by removing the incentive for banks , which otherwise would have been under greater market pressure , to resolve them .
These loans have simply replaced private market capital that might have been supplied under more stringent conditions that would have forced the banks to face the problems and deal with them .
Myth # 3 is that the FED promotes systemic stability by supporting such institutions as AIG , Citigroup , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
They deliver this line with a straight face .
All of these should have been allowed to fail .
The latter two companies are at the center of the entire housing debacle .
They should even now be allowed to fail .
They supported the packaging of mortgages into securities .
They supported the movement of banks away from servicing mortgages and into originating and distributing them .
They supported lending to poor credit risks .
At the moment , they are Congressional vehicles for reflating another housing bubble .
The less said about AIG and Citigroup the better .
Inside Myth # 3 is the hidden Myth # 4 , which is that a free market economy gives rise to companies that pose systemic risks .
Myth # 4 justifies state socialism by the notion that there is an externality that the government can and should deal with .
According to this myth , a systemically large company ( as judged by the government bureaucrats ) has a public character , because it affects a large swath of the economy .
This notion assumes that individual players cannot and do not take into account the risks of dealing with others whose behavior may affect them under certain circumstances ( which is what an externality means ) .
It assumes that people who risk large amounts of money are too stupid to protect themselves .
The fact is that a major entrepreneurial function is to assess risks , structure assets and liabilities , structure contracts , and structure hedging and insurance , so as to cope with risks of dealing with others .
When this is not done , it is because the government has introduced a guarantee that elicits moral hazard ( sloppy assessment of risks and excessive risk - taking ) .
When the size and risk structure of companies is established in a free market , entrepreneurs will be taking into account their risks of dealing with others to the extent that it pays them to do so .
If they under - estimate and they lose when a major company fails , they will learn .
They will iterate toward a better solution .
By the way , some large banks failed in the 1800s during various panics .
The markets rebounded and people learned how to cope with such events .
The market took care of these systemic risks .
Externalities pervade human relations .
Assessing uncertainties and dealing with them is a basic entrepreneurial function .
The question is in what setting people handle them best .
The answer is that people look out for potential risks and losses best when they have a lot to lose .
This is not the case with government bureaucrats and politicians .
Myth # 4 concludes by saying that the government has an interest ( on behalf of the public ) in supporting the systemic company when it has troubles .
This is the " too big to fail " doctrine .
Anyone who swallows this must have been reading the funnies his whole life .
No part of Myth # 4 is true , and every part of it is inconsistent with a free market economy .
Either one has a market economy or one has state socialism or fascism .
There is no middle ground , for the reason that when the government becomes a player in any given market , the fundamental character of that market disappears .
The character of innovation , pricing , employment , location , labor relations , product development , marketing , etc. all alter .
The entrepreneurial element is shifted toward playing politics .
The FED ’s official theory currently consists of the myths just outlined .
Behind these lie the false items in the Bill of Goods sold to the American public .
The FED ’s actual theory , which it practices constantly , is to inflate the currency so as to benefit the member banks .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
By Dipankar Bhattacharya , general secretary , Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
May 24 , 2009 --
The results of 2009 elections for the Lok Sabha elections ( India ’s lower house of parliament ) can be described as a string of surprises , not only for many well - entrenched parties and seasoned politicians but also for a host of commonsense notions about contemporary Indian political reality .
Of late , it has become customary to look at elections in India through the prism of coalition politics , caste equations and regional diversities .
Verdict 2009 has given a serious jolt to this facile view and reasserted the underlying structural dynamics of Indian politics .
Conventional wisdom would not have given the Congress party anything more than 150 seats , but the fact that the Congress managed to notch up as many as 206 seats from across the country clearly reveals a national verdict which cannot be reduced to a mere sum total of the poll outcomes in different states and regions .
The opposition National Democratic Alliance ( NDA , led by the right - wing , Hindu - chauvinist Bharatiya Janata Party , BJP ) had long been expecting the 2009 elections to go its way and BJP leader L.K. Advani had been duly designated its candidate for prime minister .
``Iron Man ’’ Advani saw Indian Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh as the weakest link of the Congress chain and hoped the chain would snap if only he could make it a direct clash between the ruling Congress party - led United Progressive Alliance ’s ( UPA ) ``weakest ’’ and the NDA ’s ``strongest ’’!
Advani tried to fight and win the elections in true US presidential style , but even before his campaign could take off he found himself overshadowed by two more self - appointed PMs - in - waiting , the redoubtable Narendra ``Nano ’’ Modi and one Varun ``venom ’’ Gandhi !
The results only reveal how miserably the NDA lost the plot in its own strongholds .
Of all the NDA - ruled states , only Chhattisgarh , Karnataka and Bihar went the NDA way while in Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat , Congress staked almost equal claims defying its obvious organisational weaknesses , and in Uttaranchal the NDA saw a complete rout .
In Bihar , Nitish Kumar ’s spectacular showing cannot really be treated as a typical NDA victory – it had more to do with the disintegration of the UPA and the continuing public anger in Bihar against the RJD - LJP ( Rashtriya Janata Dal is the Bihar - based National People 's Party , part of the UPA ) brand of politics .
Quite understandably , the Nitish - led Bihar NDA emerged as the overwhelming beneficiary of this public anger against the RJD ’s legacy of chaos and misrule .
While the NDA remained confined to its own pockets , the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) - led ``Third Front ’’ was humbled in its own strongholds .
In West Bengal , the CPI ( M ) got its worst drubbing in three decades with its own tally getting reduced to only nine .
The overall Left Front tally came down from the high point of 60 - plus in the 14th Lok Sabha to a mere 24 .
The grand alliances forged in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh failed to click , and ``Mission Mayawati ’’ failed to fire the imagination of the Bahujan Samaj Party ’s own base in Uttar Pradesh ( Mayawati is Uttar Pradesh ’s BSP chief minister ) .
Forged in agenda-less opportunism and a hurry , the Third Front had neither cohesion nor credibility ; it thrived primarily on the exuberance of electoral expectation regarding the fortunes of regional alliances .
The Congress on the other hand benefited by default from an overarching mood that looked for some order and stability in an overwhelming situation of crisis and uncertainty .
In the absence of any reliable cohesive pan-Indian alternative , the most trusted party of the Indian ruling class , now led by the fourth generation of the Nehru - Gandhi family , seems to have filled the vacuum .
Various local factors only facilitated to crystallise this phenomenon .
The Congress decision to shelve the UPA during the elections and try the party ’s own luck in the two most crucial Hindi - belt states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar also bore fruit , paving the way for a Congress revival in Uttar Pradesh , where the Congress won 20 seats , regaining its traditional base amongst upper - caste gentry , minorities and a section of dalits .
Neoliberalism endorsed ?
What lessons do the results hold for the future of the people ’s movement and left and democratic politics in India ?
The Congress party revival is being portrayed by various neoliberal commentators as well as the Congress establishment as a popular endorsement of its pro-corporate economic agenda and pro-US foreign policy framework .
In the same breath the Congress is also attributing its victory to its ``pro-poor ’’ policies .
There is a fundamental paradox in such self - serving explanations : the verdict cannot be an endorsement of policies claiming to address the crisis of unemployment , farmers ’ suicides etc. , as well as an endorsement of the neoliberal policies causing the very same crisis !
The country is reeling under a massive economic disaster sponsored by the neoliberal economic offensive of indiscriminate liberalisation and globalisation and steady withdrawal of the state from productive investment and welfare - oriented public expenditure , and there can be no question of the people endorsing policies that spelled such disasters .
It is also equally clear that the country is not enamoured of the much - touted strategic spin -offs of a pro-US foreign policy when the entire neighbourhood is trapped in tremendous social upheaval and political turbulence .
India ’s growing identification with the US only renders it more vulnerable on every count .
Signs of growing US involvement in India ’s domestic affairs have also been quite visible with US officials of late making it a habit to call on leaders of different parties .
By all accounts , a more confident Congress - led government will now tend to pursue the pro-corporate pro-imperialist policies , as well as the repressive policies of draconian laws and human rights violations in the name of countering terror , with greater speed and aggression while cleverly deceiving the people with the rhetoric of secularism , empowerment and ``inclusive ’’ growth .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced a " 100 - day " economic recovery plan to overcome recession and on May 18 the Indian stock exchange Sensex soared 2111 points , the highest single - day increase in any share index in the world , to celebrate the UPA 's victory .
But such exuberance and tall claims are unlikely to lead to any economic miracle , and against the backdrop of a deepening recession , livelihood issues are bound to assume explosive proportions in many sectors .
Further , while the BJP ’s communal agenda has been defeated , the aspirations of minorities and secular forces for justice against communal violence remains – a task that the Congress has historically betrayed .
Instead of being taken in by the deceptive discourse of the emerging ``new generation ’’
Congress , the forces and friends of people ’s struggles must now intensify public debate over the real state of affairs on different fronts and raise the level of popular mobilisation and resistance to press for a real change in the policies and priorities of the government .
The results have also exposed the limits of the politics of social engineering and alliance arithmetic .
Reports from Uttar Pradesh indicate that while chief minister Mayawati failed to sustain her newly discovered upper - caste base , cracks have also started surfacing in her core support base among dalits .
Down south , the Telugu Desam Party - Telangana Rashtra Samiti party ( TDP - TRS ) kind of opportunist bonhomie [ in Andhra Pradesh state ] and the desperate attempt of the PMK - MDMK - AIADMK alliance [ in Tamil Nadu ] to make political capital of the plight of Sri Lankan Tamils have also been squarely rebuffed by the people .
The CPI ( M ) has only discredited itself by glorifying and peddling this opportunism in the name of ``Third Front ’’ politics .
CPI ( M ) rout
Contrary to dominant media explanations ( which are being echoed by some sections of CPI - M ) itself ) , the rout suffered by the CPI ( M ) cannot be attributed to its belated oppositional stance vis-a - vis the UPA ’s pro-US policies .
The epicentre of the anti-CPI ( M ) political earthquake lies squarely in the Singur - Nandigram seismic zone where the CPI ( M ) has been punished for its arrogant and repressive attitude to the peasantry and the intelligentsia , for its ruthless attempt to implement the same economic policies that it claims to have been opposing all along .
It is ironical that while the architect of the special economic zone ( SEZ ) policy succeeded in masking its true face behind legislations like National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( NREGA ) and forest land rights , the CPI ( M ) was seen as the brutal face of corporate land - grab offensive .
Even when the CPI ( M ) quite correctly questioned and opposed the Indo - US strategic partnership and nuke deal , the point was allowed to get diluted and lost in the party ’s desperate drive to somehow prop up a “ Third Front ” devoid of any kind of pro-people , anti-imperialist commitment .
It is interesting that in its steady right - wing drift , the noise emanating from dominant quarters of West Bengal CPI ( M ) against the ``dogmatism ’’ and ``adventurism ’’ of the party ’s central leadership seeks to attribute the CPI ( M ) ’s electoral rout to its belated act of withdrawal of support to the Congress .
This is nothing but an exercise in barking up the wrong tree .
If the CPI ( M ) had not withdrawn support , the Congress would have anyway subjugated the left in national politics , while the Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) would have still monopolised the public anger in West Bengal .
Not ``dogmatism ’’ or ``adventurism ’’ , the greatest internal enemy of the left at this juncture is opportunism and the intoxication of power .
The CPI ( M ) and the Communist Party of India ( CPI , the older and more traditional communist party ) clearly have a lesson to learn from the electoral outcomes .
The lesson is certainly not to seek signs of anti-imperialism or pro-people concern or commitment in the emerging leadership of the Congress .
If the Congress has retrained its focus on its own revival , any force claiming to be left must also rebuild and reposition itself as the core of the people ’s movement for livelihood , survival , justice and democracy and for the nation ’s quest for a dignified future beyond the strategic umbrella of the US .
The entire ruling class and its array of appendages from the liquor - barons like Vijay Mallya to corporate media mandarins have jumped to use this opportunity to discredit the entire left and the pro-people agenda of Indian politics .
Resolutely challenging such attacks , any meaningful introspection must be aimed at identifying and eradicating the real malady and rejuvenating the left movement in closer integration with the people and their real needs and aspirations .
A renewal and assertion of the communist identity as the most sincere , vibrant and fighting platform of people ’s politics is the need of the hour .
CPI ( ML )
It is true that CPI ( ML ) , in spite of its unrelenting struggle and mobilisation , and its improved performance in Jharkhand , could not show an encouraging electoral outcome in Bihar .
But this cannot be any source of demoralisation or despondency that may be sought to be drummed up across different sections of progressive forces in the country .
The new challenge indeed calls for still greater struggles and more vigorous mobilisation .
By rejecting the communal BJP - NDA and rebuffing the cobweb of opportunist alliances and narrow identity politics , the 2009 verdict has opened up new possibilities for the entire left and democratic camp to assert as a fighting opposition in the national political arena .
Revolutionary communists must take adequate note of the prospects and challenges unleashed by the verdict and rise wholeheartedly to the occasion .
[ This article is the editorial of the June 2009 issue of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation ’s monthly magazine , Liberation .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Here 's the link to purchase meditation and altar stonesI also have access to over 100 lbs. of high grade Azurite .
Contact me for details .
A Television Interview Where I Go Into A Lot Of Things !
If you grieve the death of a loved one , my book may bring you comfort " Love Dad " - Ways to heal your grief .
A great site sponsor and introduction to Mayan culture !
Fair trade organic coffee for sale shipped to your door .
Mundo Maya - Coffee and More
Terms of Viewing / Using Material Published or Sold on This Site
Terms of Viewing / Using Material Published or Sold on This Site
These are the best of the best !
160 on - line books by Besant , Leadbeater , others The Gnostic Society Library including the Gospel of Mary , Nag Hammadi , and other ancient manuscripts .
Our Elder Brothers Return explaining the various works by and about the Masters
Undetectable and easy to use Computer Keylogger is a stealth key logger software to monitor your PC ( including Internet activities occurred on your computer ) being hidden while maintaining absolute secrecy in your absence .
Intelligent and powerful invisible keyboard keylogger utility bypasses all major computer spy softwares and helps both Parents and Office Managers as PC monitoring utility .
Download Click to Request 30 Days Free Trial or Send us an email at : support@best-spy-soft.com Click Here to Buy Remote Keylogger
Hi all !
Nico here , grad student from the Minnesota science team , with an update on the Galaxy Zoo : Clump Scout project .
Since launching Clump Scout in September of last year , we ’ve had over 7,000 volunteers provide more than 800,000 classifications !
We ’re incredibly grateful for your help and we ’ve been excitedly exploring the data as it has been coming in to learn more about clumpy galaxies in the local universe .
Now that we ’re around the halfway point with this project , we wanted to share with you some of the things we ’ve learned .
If you ’d like a refresher on the project , you can see our original “ project launch ” blog post here .
A few things we ’ve learned so far …
We ’ve found a set of local clumpy galaxies to examine more closely .
Figure 1 : A small sample of clumpy galaxies near us .
These are some of the galaxies for which we ’ve requested follow - up observations by the Hubble Space Telescope .
A major goal of the Clump Scout project was to find a group of local galaxies that were “ clumpy ” .
For the time we ’ve known about clumpy galaxies , they ’ve mostly been considered a “ high - redshift ” phenomenon — which is astronomy - speak for “ very far away , and very long ago ” .
In fact , we first discovered clumpy galaxies by examining images of the very distant universe taken by the Hubble Space Telescope .
Because these galaxies were so far away , their light took billions of years to reach us , and we were seeing them as they existed when the universe was only a fraction of the age that it is now .
It quickly became clear that most early - universe galaxies did not look like local galaxies , and the “ spiral ” or “ elliptical ” structure that we ’re used to seeing was mostly absent .
Instead , most galaxies were loosely - structured blobs of stars and gas with a few concentrated “ clumps ” that glowed brightly with new stars .
The name “ clumpy galaxy ” originated to explain the appearance of these galaxies , and to differentiate them from the appearance of galaxies near us .
Unfortunately , because these galaxies are so distant , it ’s difficult to study them in detail .
We have wondered over the years if there are properties of clumps that are being hidden or washed - out by the dim , low - resolution photos we ’ve taken from billions of light - years away .
This is why the discovery of clumpy galaxies in our own backyard is such an exciting accomplishment .
Thanks to the volunteer classifications from the Clump Scout project , we ’ve been able to identify hundreds of galaxies with clumpy characteristics much like the much more distant versions we ’re used to studying — but since they are nearby , we can perform follow - up studies with more sensitive , higher - resolution techniques .
We recently submitted a proposal for observation time from the Hubble Space Telescope to examine some of these galaxies in more detail , and we ’re excitedly waiting to hear back .
Above , you can see ten of the galaxies for which we requested follow - up .
They are dotted with blue specks , which are the “ clumps ” we ’ve been seeking to study .
It ’s much harder to see clumps in some places than others .
The Galaxy Zoo team has run many projects that study the large - scale properties of galaxies , such as their shape , characteristics , and patterns in their behavior .
The Clump Scout project is a bit different because our focus is on a much smaller target .
Clumps are small “ substructures ” within galaxies , which are much harder to see and in many cases can be entirely missed .
Part of our job during this project was to determine the properties of clumps that our volunteers could see compared to the properties of those that they could n’t .
For example , a bright clump in a dim galaxy sticks out like a sore thumb ; a dim clump in a bright galaxy , on the other hand , might be completely invisible .
To control this effect , we created a sample of simulated clumps with properties we already knew well , and inserted these into some galaxy images in the project .
Now that so many volunteers have responded , we have a good idea of which simulated clumps can be seen and which cannot — which gives us a very good idea of what sorts of real clumps might be missing as well .
The main factor controlling whether or not a clump is visible is , of course , how bright it is .
You , our volunteers , have shown us that you can catch just about all of the clumps that are above the “ 95 % completeness limit ” of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) , the survey which provides all of Clump Scout ’s images .
Essentially , this means that if a clump CAN be found , you all are finding it !
Other factors controlling clump visibility were more surprising .
For example , we expected that the higher an image ’s resolution , the easier it would be to see clumps .
In fact , resolution appeared to have almost NO effect on volunteers ’ ability to see clumps : Volunteers recovered the same fraction of clumps in the clearest images as in the blurriest ones .
Aside from the clump ’s brightness , the most important factor in clump recovery was actually its proximity to the center of its host galaxy .
We found that clumps in the dimmer , more outlying regions of galaxies are quite easy to see — they are bright spots on a dim background .
However , once they are within one “ effective radius ” of the galactic center , they become incredibly difficult to identify .
This makes sense :
The galactic center is much brighter and may drown out the signal of a clump near it .
This gives us a very helpful tool for understanding the patterns in clumps we are seeing .
Many theories about clumps predict that they live for billions of years , beginning near the outside edges of their host galaxies and slowly migrating inward towards the center before merging with the central bulge .
We now know that we are not likely to see clumps near the central bulge in our Clump Scout data , but it ’s not necessarily because they ’re not there :
They are merely harder to see .
Figure 2 : The “ recovery curves ” for clumps in our sample .
On each plot , the height of the blue region measures the number of simulated clumps with a given property , while the orange region ’s height measures the number of those simulated clumps that volunteers found and marked .
The ratio between these two is called the “ recovery fraction ” , and it ’s displayed as the black line on the plot .
The recovery fraction does n’t change much with redshift ( aka distance to the galaxy ) or with image resolution .
However , it falls dramatically as clumps get closer to the galactic center — which tells us exactly how much harder it is to find clumps that are near the center of a galaxy .
We ’re still working through our analysis of your responses , and we ’ll continue to give you updates as they come .
Thank you for being part of the Galaxy Zoo team !
If you ’d like to try your hand at identifying a few clumps yourself , you can take part at our project page : Galaxy Zoo : Clump Scout
This week , the Newspaper Association of America held its annual meeting in San Diego , and the occasion seems to have brought out some sharp knives .
Rupert Murdoch launched into an attack on Google , Google CEO Eric Schmidt told the newspaper industry that it needed to transform its business model , and the Associated Press announced a new initiative to go after unauthorized use of its stories .
You'd be forgiven for thinking that an all - out war was brewing between the newspapers and the Internet , but neither of these entities speak with a unified voice , and the arguments appear to be blurring a number of overlapping issues .
At the most basic level , the news industry is facing the sort of copyright problems that are plaguing other content industries in the digital era .
Some sites simply reproduce other 's content in its entirety , with varying degrees of attribution and linkage .
With everything there , however , there 's little reason to refer to the original , so this practice almost certainly costs the content creators money .
The AP is not alone in being victimized by this — it happens to Ars all the time — but this seems to be one of the targets of their new initiative , and there 's nothing unreasonable per se about attempting to stop the unauthorized reproduction of a work .
Somewhere in the middle of the spectrum are sites that print short excerpts from larger stories , originating from various news sources , again with varying degrees of credit and linkage .
In many cases , the commentary accompanying these excerpts is extensive — the excerpts are used as part of a larger commentary that provides some transformative value , which should place things within the realm of fair use .
Others simply dump the paragraphs while providing little more than the textual equivalent of " interesting . "
These probably fail the fair use test , and may wind up targeted by the AP .
Of course , this category includes a broad spectrum of behaviors , and there 's a very real chance that any efforts directed against the publishing of excerpts may wind up creating a messy court fight .
There 's also an argument to be made that these short excerpts , even ones that run afoul of fair use , probably provide a net gain for the content creators , as they direct people to the site that might not have found it otherwise .
If that 's the case , then any efforts to crack down on these sites by the content providers will be the quintessential shot to the foot .
Where things get a bit more strange is the apparent targeting of Google , which reproduces a bare minimum of a news story as part of its aggregation service .
The search giant is n't mentioned in the AP 's announcement at all .
Instead , AP Chairman Dean Singleton said his group would pursue legal and legislative actions against portals and other sites that do not properly license content .
According to the tech blog at The Los Angeles Times , Google 's CEO Schmidt says that his company has a multi-million dollar content deal with the AP , so it does n't seem to be the target of these threats .
The portal sites that do seem to be in danger here are sites that , like Google , sometimes print very short excerpts when linking to original material , such as Digg , Reddit , and Slashdot .
Here , the logic seems even less compelling .
Those that do n't click through and are satisfied by small excerpts are unlikely to have bothered with the original coverage in the first place .
Otherwise , these sites seem likely to provide the original content producers with readers they would n't have otherwise received .
So what 's really going on here ?
The issue seems mostly to be about anger .
Despite the fact that Google seems to think it 's got an agreement in place that covers its use of AP content , and that the remainder falls within fair use , the AP 's attack comes at a time where other press sources have specifically called out the company for its use of copyrighted material and encouraging people to view content as free .
Schmidt has almost certainly caused further antagonism by lecturing the industry on how it needed to reinvent itself , based on the report from the LA Times , linked above .
Since the economic crisis hit , the newspaper industry has seen immense cutbacks , the closing of newspapers in two major US cities , and threats to close more .
It 's no surprise that some in the news industry feel the need to lash out , and Google makes a convenient target , as they run ads on Google News , then sell the newspapers ads to run with the actual articles they link .
It reminds me of nothing so much as the angry denunciations of Apple by the music industry , which was incensed that it managed to make money both by selling the iPod and some of the music that filled it .
We have a pretty good sense of where that anger , and the lawsuits its spawned , have landed the music industry — and they started out in good financial shape .
Schmidt may not be offering them a viable alternative , but attacking Google is missing the point , and attacking sites that send traffic their way is certainly not a solution .
Joe writes , " My tattoo is 3 lines of equations , the top is the Born Oppenheimer Approximation , the second line is the equation in the form of a 3 - Dimensional Schroedinger Equation , and the solution in the form of a Schroedinger Equation .
As a biochemist and molecular biophysicist I studied a lot of this stuff and I must say , Schroedinger was my favorite and well , I had to do it .
The ink was done at Red Sky Studios in Tucson , AZ by artist Lisa . "
Click here to go to the full Science Tattoo Emporium .
A few weeks ago I was discussing a project with Charlie Madison of ProWebScape .
He mentioned H2O , that he would rather use that than Smarty .
So I checked it out and it seemed like the natural evolution in PHP templating .
On a side note , I ’ve worked with a big legacy system now for roughly 3 months , it ’s using simple PHP for templating , it ’s not very pretty .
So more than ever I can speak based on my own experience , templating with PHP is not very ideal , especially when you compare to something like H2O .
Which is kind of ironic .
Anyway , Charlie wanted to use PHP Doctrine for the project so I went to work , a work long overdue , replacing Smarty in Smoc with something else .
Let ’s review what had to be done .
To begin with h2o is an object oriented system , templates inherit each other , you do n’t reuse template snippets like I had done in Smoc where templates are inserted into each other repeatedly .
One index template could have for instance a menu call and a main content area .
What would appear in the main area was controlled by the request and rendered there .
The template being rendered in the main area could then in turn call upon other smaller templates to be inserted and so on , kind of like a functional approach .
All that had to go , in h2o you instead specify the parent template in each sub -template .
Apart from those big structural differences h2o will not allow for as much logic to take place in the template code as Smarty ( AFAIK anyway ) .
So I moved some logic out of the templates into the PHP code .
Performance wise we ’re worse off but as far as pretty template code goes we ’re way better off .
I ’m really happy how it turned out , and I ’m much happier with h2o than I was with Smarty .
All the Smarty stuff in Ctrl. php is gone of course and replaced with this :
function assign ( $key , $ value ) { $ this ->h2o_vars [ $key ] = $ value ; } function fetch ( $tpl , $ arr = array ( ) ) {
$ h2o = $ this -> get H2 o ( $tpl ) ; if ( empty ( $ arr ) ) return $ h2o - > render ( $ this -> h2o_vars ) ; else return $ h2o - > render ( $ arr ) ; } function partial ( $tpl , $ arr = array ( ) ) {
$ h2o = $ this -> get H2 o ( $tpl , '' ) ; if ( empty ( $ arr ) ) return $ h2o - > render ( $ this -> h2o_vars ) ; else return $ h2o - > render ( $ arr ) ; } function render ( $tpl ) { $ h2o = $ this -> get H2 o ( $tpl ) ; echo $ h2o - > render ( $ this -> h2o_vars ) ; } function get H2 o ( $tpl , $ dir = false ) { if ( $ dir === false ) $ dir = $ this -> name . '/' ; else if ( $ dir != '') $ dir = $ dir . '/' ; return new H2 o ( $ dir . " $tpl.html " , array ( ' searchpath ' => " templates " ) ) ; }
No big difference there between fetch ( ) and partial ( ) .
The latter will render templates that reside in the root of the templates folder , the former will use the path to the current view to render custom stuff .
As you can see we ’ve wrapped the assignment of variables to h2o in a similar fashion it worked in Smarty which was neat .
So the index template could for instance look like this :
< html > < head > < title > Foxy Admin</ title > < link rel=" stylesheet " href= " {{path}}css/styles.css " type =" text/css " /> < script type =" text / javascript " src= " {{path}}js/jquery.js " ></ script > </ head > < body > < table style = " width : 100 % " > < tr > < td valign = " top " style = " width : 200 px " > { % block menu %} { % if ctrl.isLoggedIn %} < a href= " {{site_dir}}user/add " >
Add User</a>< br > < a href= " {{site_dir}}user/listAll " > List Users </a>< br >< br > { % endif %} { % endblock %} </td > < td valign = " top " > { % block content %} { % endblock %} </td > </tr> </table > < br /> < br /> < a href= " {{site_dir}}user/welcome " > Back </a> </ body > </html >
Two things to note here :
1. ) Note the ctrl.isLogged
In call , that ’s the way you call methods of assigned objects .
Note also that you ca n’t pass any arguments in the call ( at the time of writing anyway ) .
2. ) The blocks , menu block and content block .
These are the areas which each sub - template will overwrite with its own logic , if we want it to .
A sub can look like this :
{ % extends " index.html " %} { % block content %} < form {{ form_head }} > < table > { % for name , html in ui_fields %} { % if name != " id " %} < tr > < td > { { name }} : </td > < td > { { html }} </td > </tr > { % endif %} { % endfor %} </table > < input type =" submit " value = " Submit " > </ form > { % endblock %}
Note how this will be inserted into the content block in index.html in an automagic fashion .
The above is actually ui.html ( formerly ui.tpl ) if you check the old Smoc code you will see the big difference in template complexity .
However , we ca n’t get away from it so it now resides in AdminCtrl instead :
function getUiField ( $key , $ info ) { if ( ! empty ( $ this -> relations [ $key ] ) ) { $ info_arr = array ( ' lbl ' => $ this ->relations [ $key ] [ ' label ' ] , ' mdl ' => $ this ->relations [ $key ] [ ' Mdl ' ] , ' idname ' => $ key ) ; if ( $ this -> relations [ $key ] [ ' foreign ' ] == true ) return $ this -> checkBoxes ( $ info_arr ) ; else return $ this -> selBox ( $ info_arr ) ; }else if ( $ info [ ' type ' ] == ' boolean ' ) return $ this -> radioB ox ( array ( ' idname ' => $ key ) ) ; else if ( in_array ( $ info [ ' type ' ] , array ( ' integer ' , ' float ' , ' double ' , ' decimal ' ) ) ) return $ this -> text Box ( array ( ' idname ' => $ key ) ) ; else if ( $ info [ ' length ' ] > 500 ) return $ this -> text Area ( array ( ' idname ' => $ key ) ) ; else if ( $ key == ' password ' ) return $ this -> text Box ( array ( ' idname ' => $ key , ' pwd ' => true ) ) ; else return $ this -> text Box ( array ( ' idname ' => $ key ) ) ; }
This is the new place where we map basic information in the model to a correct field .
In Smoc we called these methods directly in the template but now we call them here instead .
Let ’s go through textBox , in Ctrl.php :
function textBox ( $p ) { $ p [ ' type ' ] = empty ( $ p [ ' pwd ' ] ) ? ' text ' : ' password ' ; return $ this ->commonBox ( $p , ' text_box ' , $ p [ ' popfrom ' ] ) ; } function commonBox ( $p , $ tpl , $ pop = false ) { $ p = array_merge ( $p , array ( ' error ' => $ this -> error [ $ p [ ' idname ' ] ] ) ) ; $ p = array_merge ( $p , array ( ' prepop ' => !$ pop ?
$ this -> get Pop ( $ p [ ' idname ' ] ) : $ this -> getPop ( $pop ) ) ) ; return $ this -> partial ( $tpl , $ p ) ; }
Here we can infer that we are calling a template called text_box .
html in the root of the templates folder :
< div class = " error " >{{ error }}</div > < input class= " {{ class }} " type = " {{ type }} " id = " {{ idname }} " name = " {{ idname }} " value= " {{ prepop }} " />
Simple enough , the ui_fields array in ui.html will therefore contain the html of each field , that is the main difference compared to Smoc in how we render CRUD forms automatically .
To make all this work we need to first set the relations :
function setRelations ( $ hide = true , $ hide_with = array ( ) ) { $ hide_with = empty ( $ hide_with ) ?
$ this -> hidden : $ hide_with ; foreach ( $ this ->t-> getRelations ( ) as $ key => $ value ) { if ( $ value instanceof Doctrine_Relation_Association ) { $ relations [ $ key ] [ ' foreign ' ] = true ; $ this -> columns += array ( $ key => array ( ) ) ; }else if ( $ value instanceof Doctrine_Relation_LocalKey ) $ key = $ value -> getLocal ( ) ; $ relations [ $ key ] [ ' label ' ] = $ this ->getCtrl( $value->getClass ( ) ) -> label ; $ relations [ $ key ] [ ' Mdl ' ] = $ value -> getClass ( ) ; } $ this ->relations = $ relations ; $ columns = $ hide ? array_diff_key ( $ this ->t->getColumns ( ) , $ hide_with ) : $ this ->t-> getColumns ( ) ; $ this ->columns = $ columns + $ this ->columns ; }
Only after this has been done can we call getUiFields ( ) :
function getUiFields ( ) { foreach ( $ this -> columns as $ key => $ info ) $ ui [ $key ] = $ this -> getUiField ( $key , $ info ) ; return $ ui ; }
Experimental code with sample project code : h2octrine
Related Posts
XianPix
RISING oil prices , believes Ali al - Naimi , Saudi Arabia 's oil minister , may soon “ take the wheels off an already derailed world economy ” .
His Iranian counterpart agrees : “ When the global economic crisis comes to an end , and the demand for oil picks up , the oil market could experience another price shock , ” he says .
The boss of Chevron , America 's second - biggest oil firm , also worries that “ another period of tight supply ” is at hand .
Britain 's energy minister is fearful too .
Indeed , at a recent summit of oil grandees convened by the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) it was hard to find anyone who did not expect a price rise to rival the giddy leap to $ 147 a barrel last year .
On the face of things , this concern is absurd .
The plunge of $ 115 in the price of oil from its peak last July to its nadir in December was the most precipitous the world has ever seen .
Demand for oil is still falling , as the world economy atrophies .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , an intergovernmental body which advises rich countries , thinks that global oil consumption will fall by 2.6 m barrels a day ( b /d ) this year , or about 3 % .
That follows a fall of 200,000 b/d last year .
World demand has not shrunk for two years running since the early 1980s .
In recent weeks America 's oil inventories have been higher than ever at this time of year , and higher than at any point save September 1990 , in the run-up to the first Gulf war .
There is little room left to store any more crude , says Jeff Currie of Goldman Sachs .
Rumours abound of traders hiring tankers to store their excess oil .
Rich countries ' stocks cover 62 days ' consumption , the most since 1993 ( see chart 1 ) .
The average over the past five years has been 52 days ' worth .
Slack in the system
Meanwhile , oil firms are not pumping nearly as much as they could .
OPEC has announced three separate rounds of production cuts since September in a bid to steady prices .
In all , it has vowed to trim its output by 4.2 m b/d. Analysts reckon its normally ill - disciplined members are indeed pumping some 3.3 m b/d less .
That leaves them with as much as 6 m b/d of spare capacity to bring back into use should demand pick up .
Saudi Arabia alone says it could pump 4.5 m b/d more than it is now .
Despite this growing glut , however , the price of oil has been rising steadily in recent weeks ( see chart 2 ) .
On May 20th it closed above $ 60 a barrel for the first time in more than six months .
That marks an increase of more than 75 % since February 12th , when it sank below $ 34 — the fourth - biggest three - month rise on record , according to Mr Currie .
The price of futures contracts suggests that energy traders see the price rising higher still in the coming months and years .
The explanation is simple .
Oilmen are worried because they believe that many of the factors behind the record - breaking ascent last year remain in place .
Much of the world 's “ easy ” oil has already been extracted , or is in the hands of nationalist governments that will not allow foreigners to exploit it .
That leaves firms to hunt for new reserves in ever more inhospitable and inaccessible places , such as the deep waters off Africa or the frozen oceans of the Arctic .
Such fields take a long time and a lot of expensive technology to develop .
Worse , new discoveries tend to be smaller than in the past and to run dry faster .
So oil firms must work doubly hard to replace declining fields and to increase output .
As Francisco Blanch of Merrill Lynch puts it , they must find another Saudi Arabia 's worth of oil every two years just to maintain their production at today 's levels .
Yet the oil industry is short of equipment and manpower , thanks to decades of underinvestment in the 1980s and 1990s , when prices were low .
That left it struggling to expand despite the strong price signal of recent years , and thus poorly positioned to cater to vast new markets in the developing world , including China and India , where oil consumption has been growing fast .
At the height of the boom , with the price repeatedly setting records , production outside OPEC even fell .
As soon as the world economy starts growing again , the theory runs , demand for oil will once again outstrip the industry 's ability to supply it .
The seemingly ample cushion of inventories and spare capacity will quickly be exhausted , sending prices soaring .
In other words , the global recession has only interrupted the “ supercycle ” of which many analysts used to speak , during which the normal boom - and - bust cycle of oil and other commodities would give way to a protracted period of high prices , as ever - growing demand from emerging markets swallowed everything the extractive industries could produce .
“ The commodity supercycle is not over , just resting , ” says Mr Blanch .
Clear diagnosis , missing remedy
Oil bosses , OPEC ministers and anxious bankers all agree on what is needed to prevent this scenario becoming reality : lavish investment in the development of new fields and in exploration .
Yet the reverse is happening .
The oil industry is cutting its spending , bringing fewer new fields into production and exploring less .
The IEA reckons that overall investment will drop by 15 - 20 % this year .
The number of drilling rigs in use around the world fell by 32 % in the year to April to 2,055 , according to Baker Hughes , an oilfield - services firm .
In America , where there is a glut of natural gas as well as oil , the number of rigs in use has fallen by over half since its peak last year .
OPEC countries , says Abdalla Salem el - Badri , the organisation 's secretary - general , are cancelling or delaying 35 big projects .
Cambridge Energy Research Associates , a firm of consultants , reckons that 5.5 m b/d of additions to capacity will fall by the wayside around the world in the next few years .
That amounts to a third of the projected net increase in output by 2014 .
In theory , this should not be happening .
Big Western oil firms ( “ majors ” in the industry jargon ) claim that they continue to invest steadily throughout the cycle , irrespective of gyrations in price .
Big fields , they argue , can take a decade or more to develop , and may then produce oil or gas for several decades more .
The price of oil at the time the investment is approved is irrelevant ; the important thing is to make sure projects will be profitable across a range of possible future prices .
If anything , given that most oilmen expect prices to rise in the medium term , you would expect them to be increasing their investment , to capitalise on the good times to come .
For the most part , the majors are sticking to their strategy .
They have all , by and large , continued to invest on a scale similar to that of previous years , despite the huge dent made in their revenues by lower oil prices .
Exxon Mobil , the biggest , increased its capital spending by 5 % in the first quarter .
Royal Dutch Shell and Chevron plan to invest as much this year as they did last : $ 31 billion and $ 23 billion respectively .
BP plans a slight cut , from $ 21 billion to less than $ 20 billion .
But BP , like Shell , is taking on more debt in order to preserve both its dividend and its investment plans .
Nonetheless , the extreme volatility of prices over the past year must have made big oil firms more cautious about future investments .
Shell , for example , has delayed its expansion plans in Canada 's tar sands , a particularly viscous form of oil that requires lots of processing and is therefore less profitable than the conventional sort .
Both it and BP are cutting staff .
And shareholders will presumably countenance only a certain amount of borrowing before they get cold feet .
Smaller oil companies , meanwhile , do not have nearly the same financial muscle , and so cannot maintain spending at last year 's rate .
All America 's big “ independent ” firms , meaning those without refining arms , have cut their investments sharply .
One , Devon Energy , plans to reduce its capital budget to $ 4 billion or so this year from $ 9 billion in 2008 .
The smaller independents , says Ayman Asfari , the boss of Petrofac , a British - based oilfield - services firm , “ have been decimated ” .
On London 's Alternative Investment Market , a magnet for speculative ventures in natural resources , oil firms managed to raise just £ 23.6 m ( $ 37 m ) in the final quarter of last year , compared with £ 229 m in the previous quarter .
A handful of independents , such as Premier Oil , a British company that recently completed a successful rights issue , have sound enough finances to increase their spending .
But Premier 's boss , Simon Lockett , says it will focus more on completing existing projects and less on exploration .
That certainly seems to be the pattern in the North Sea , at least .
In the first quarter oil firms drilled the same number of wells to delineate past discoveries as they had a year before , according to Deloitte , an accounting firm .
But the number of exploration wells plunged by 78 % .
Then there are the state - owned firms in oil - soaked countries .
These companies control the overwhelming majority of the world 's oil .
The better managed and funded of them plan to continue investing despite the downturn .
Saudi Aramco , the world 's biggest oil producer , recently completed a five - year scheme to expand its production capacity from 10 m b/d to 12.5 m b/d , at a cost of $ 70 billion .
Over the next five years it is setting aside more than $ 60 billion for further investments .
But it is naturally reluctant to continue to develop new fields when it already has 4.5 m b/d of capacity sitting idle .
Petrobras , in which the Brazilian government owns a controlling stake , plans to increase its investment by 55 % to $ 174 billion over the next five years .
Its recent offshore discoveries are thought to be among the biggest oilfields ever found .
But they lie far underground , below deep waters and a thick , drill - foiling layer of salt .
No one yet knows how expensive it will be to develop them or how long it will take , but the huge scale of the investment programme suggests their oil will not come cheap .
Moreover , most state - owned firms do not have nearly as much money to spend .
In Russia , the world 's second - biggest oil producer , output is falling largely because private capital has been scared off by a series of expropriations , while the state starves the firms it controls of sufficient cash for investment .
By the same token , Venezuela 's national oil company is so short of money that it has not been paying the oilfield - services firms it uses as subcontractors .
When some of them refused to continue working until they had been paid , the government seized their assets .
And most oil - rich states , naturally enough , are happy to see the price rise .
Many have become used to bumper revenues in recent years and have struggled to balance their budgets since the price slumped last year .
Saudi Arabia 's king has indicated that he thinks $ 75 a barrel would be fair .
Iran and Venezuela are much more hawkish .
They are unlikely to invest heavily in order to reduce prices .
Similarly , countries that had raised taxes on oil when prices were high , such as Britain and Russia , are now particularly reluctant to reduce their take yet further by lowering them again .
Yet their high marginal tax rates are helping to deter investment in new production capacity .
Slow service
Among the first to suffer the consequences of all this are oilfield - services firms .
Their predicament gives a sense of the slowdown in the industry .
Schlumberger , the biggest , cut its planned investment by 13 % this year to $ 2.6 billion after its profits fell by 30 % in the first quarter .
It has shed 5,000 jobs this year and plans to eliminate more .
Baker Hughes , a rival , has got rid of 3,000 .
Clients , says Petrofac 's Mr Asfari , are trying to secure big reductions in prices .
Falling investment does not simply crimp exploration and delay large projects .
It can also lead to lower spending on maintenance and thus prompt faster declines in output .
The IEA estimates that the output from mature fields outside OPEC would naturally drop by about 11 % a year .
But through tricks such as injecting water or gas to maintain pressure , oil firms manage to reduce the rate of decline to 7.7 % .
Lower investment this year , the IEA calculates , is likely to push the rate up to 9.4 % .
That will reduce world oil output by 110,000 b/d this year , by a further 250,000 b/d next year and , through compounding , by increasing amounts thereafter .
Merrill Lynch , meanwhile , thinks the IEA underestimates the likely rate of decline .
Falling costs within the industry will offset the impact of falling investment budgets to some extent .
BP argues its slight cut in investment does not really represent a reduction , thanks to deflation .
Some prices are plunging : renting a drilling rig in South - East Asia cost $ 225,000 a day last year but only $ 160,000 a day in April , according to Mr Lockett of Premier Oil .
Yet many constraints on expansion remain .
For one thing , the world still does not have as many experienced petroleum engineers and geologists as it needs , says Iain Manson of Korn / Ferry , a recruiting firm .
He expects it to take a decade or more to overcome the shortage .
Meanwhile , he says , wages in the oil industry are not falling by nearly as much as other costs .
Worse , there is little sign that governments are willing to grant oil companies easier access to the most promising territory for exploration .
Iraq 's plans to sign big new contracts with foreign firms are years behind schedule , as is its new oil law .
American sanctions continue to impede investment in Iran .
The Mexican government did recently broaden the scope for Pemex , the state - owned oil monopoly , to hire foreign contractors .
But it abandoned more sweeping plans to allow private investment in exploration and production in the face of strong political opposition .
The Nigerian government has been unable to quell the insurgency in the Niger delta , making it difficult for oil firms to operate there .
Even in America , despite years of debate , most coastal waters and much of Alaska remain off - limits to drilling .
In short , argues Mr Currie of Goldman Sachs , “ above ground ” problems such as limited access and rising costs have not gone away , and will continue to limit the growth of the world 's oil supply .
He points out that even when prices were high , these constraints limited the volume of new projects approved by oil firms ( see chart 3 ) .
Falling investment will simply compound the shortfall .
So when demand begins to revive , a sharp rise in prices is inevitable .
That does not mean that a price spike is just around the corner , however .
The speed with which it arrives will depend on the strength of the global recovery .
If oil firms run out of storage capacity before demand begins to pick up , says Mr Currie , prices could yet swoon again .
For the moment , global consumption of oil continues to fall , despite the slight brightening of the economic outlook .
The latest figures suggest that China 's thirst is increasing again .
Imports are nearing pre-crisis levels and sales of new cars hit a new record in April .
But that will not be enough to reduce global inventories , given that the drop in demand from the rich world is greater than China 's total imports .
Ed Morse , of LCM Commodities , a broking firm , points out that after previous price shocks , growth in demand has not usually reverted to previous rates , thanks to efficiency measures taken when prices were high .
Moreover , technological advances are allowing oil firms to tap new sorts of resources , including gas trapped in seams of coal and shale , and “ sub - salt ” oilfields , which are likely to be found off the coast of Angola as well as Brazil .
XianPix
Where are we heading this time ?
Furthermore , governments could do various things to dampen the impending rise in prices , argues McKinsey , a consultancy which is also predicting an oil - supply crunch in the next few years .
One simple measure would be to allow trucks to pull longer trailers , thereby increasing fuel efficiency .
Rich countries could also increase fuel supplies by removing tariffs on imported ethanol , the company argues .
Persuading developing countries to drop fuel subsidies would make a big difference .
In the longer run , ever more stringent restrictions on carbon emissions and ever higher efficiency standards for vehicles around the world will presumably help crimp demand for oil .
At the OPEC powwow Mr al - Naimi , the Saudi oil minister , argued that a low oil price always sowed the seeds of a future price rise , since it led to underinvestment .
The only question this time is how quickly the strain will emerge .
CruiseControl
CruiseControl is both a continuous integration tool and an extensible framework for creating a custom continuous build process .
It includes dozens of plugins for a variety of source controls , build technologies , and notifications schemes including email and instant messaging .
A web interface provides details of the current and previous builds .
And the standard CruiseControl distribution is augmented through a rich selection of 3rd Party Tools .
CruiseControl is written in Java but is used on a wide variety of projects .
There are builders supplied for Ant , NAnt , Maven , Phing , Rake , and Xcode , and the catch - all exec builder that can be used with any command - line tool or script .
CruiseControl is open source software and is developed and maintained by a group of dedicated volunteers .
CruiseControl is distributed under a BSD - style license .
Related links
The CruiseControl wiki has extensive additional documentation for CruiseControl , including a list of 3rd Party Tools that work with CruiseControl .
Two such projects are ConfigurationGUI and CCScrape .
ConfigurationGUI is a Java WebStart Swing GUI for creating cruisecontrol configuration files and monitoring project status .
It is bundled with the binary distribution of CruiseControl but can also be downloaded separately .
CCScrape is a Java WebStart application that makes easy work of driving XFDs ( eXtreme Feedback Devices ) from your CruiseControl build results .
There are ports of CruiseControl for .NET and Ruby .
The original CruiseControl source code was contributed by ThoughtWorks , who now offers the commerical tool Cruise ( not based on the CruiseControl codebase ) .
Don and Deyon Stephens , Founders of Mercy Ships and recipients of The Humanitarian of the Year award from the Variety Club , pictured on the gangway of the Africa Mercy , docked in Benin , West Africa .
( Photo taken February 2009 ) with their Humanitarian Award .
They deserve to be placed among the great humanitarians who have previously been so honored .
Past News Releases RSS Mercy Ships Honors Crew on World ...
Mercy Ships Helps Disabled Boy Walk ...
Colorado Family Volunteers , ...
The founders of the world 's largest hospital ship charity were honored with a humanitarian award at a glittering ceremony in London last night .
The annual Variety Club International Humanitarian Award , whose previous winners include Sir Winston Churchill and Audrey Hepburn , was given to Don and Deyon Stephens who founded Mercy Ships in 1978 .
It was in that year the couple had a dream to find a ship , equip it as a hospital , fill it with volunteer crew and sail round the world providing life saving medical care to the poorest of the poor .
30 years later , Mercy Ships has completed over 560 port visits in 53 developing nations and 17 developed nations providing medical care and humanitarian services valued at more than $ 748 million , impacting 2.16 million people .
The international charity has treated more than 230,000 people in village medical clinics and performed more than 41,000 operations such as cleft lip and palate , cataract removal , straightening of crossed eyes , orthopaedic and facial reconstruction .
They have treated over 79,000 dental patients with more than 206,000 dental procedures performed and completed over 1,058 community development projects focusing on water and sanitation , education , infrastructure development and agriculture .
In regards to receiving the Humanitarian Award , Don Stephens said , " In challenging economic times which affect us all , the world 's poorest suffer even more .
20 % of newborn babies will not live to the fifth birthday , largely due to preventable disease .
The average lifespan of women where our ships serve is 46 years .
3,000,000 women in sub-Saharan Africa suffer from obstetric fistula in nations whose GDP translates to families living on less than a dollar per day .
Medical care , both primary and surgical , are scarce commodities and when they do exist are often far beyond the financial reach of the poor .
Mercy
Ships offers hope and healing to the world 's poorest .
On behalf of the world 's poor and our dedicated professional volunteers , it is an honor to be considered for this award . "
Previous winners of the Humanitarian Award include Sir Edmund Hillary , Sir Alexander Fleming and Dr Albert Schweitzer , with last night 's award presented to the Stephens by TRH Prince and Princess Michael of Kent .
Deyon Stephens added , " Living onboard the first Mercy Ship with our four children for 10 years was an experience rich in significance , adventure , adversity and satisfaction .
Mercy Ships has now seen 30 years come and go .
Millions of the world 's most needy have now felt the compassionate and healing hands of those serving onboard . "
Mercy Ships ' current ship , the Africa Mercy , spent seven years in Newcastle being converted from a rail ferry into the world 's largest charity hospital ship , and is now serving the people of Benin .
Staffed primarily by volunteer crew , the ship provides a wide range of free surgeries including maxillo - facial ( usually the removal of large benign tumors ) , cleft lip and palate , flesh - eating noma , release of burn contractures , cataracts , obstetric fistula , and orthopaedic issues .
Mercy Ships CEO
Sam Smith said , " Don and Deyon Stephens have an incredible vision to serve the forgotten poor of the world and have tirelessly worked for over 30 years to make this vision a reality .
The impact of their work has been felt the world over and people are alive today thanks to the great work provided by Mercy Ships volunteers .
Currently , our flagship , Africa Mercy , is setting new records for the number of people we are able to impact with our services .
The Stephens are very humble people who have striven to make a difference , and the international family of Mercy Ships is grateful to the Variety Club for honoring these " Champions for the Poor " with their Humanitarian Award .
They deserve to be placed among the great humanitarians who have previously been so honored . "
Further information on Mercy Ships can be found at http://www.mercyships.org
Mercy Ships Media Contacts :
Pauline Rick
U.S. Public Relations Manager
Tel : 903-939-7649
rickp ( at ) mercyships.org
http://www.mercyships.org
Diane Rickard
Int'l Public Relations Director
Tel : 44.1438 727 800
rickardd ( at ) mercyships.org
http://www.mercyships.org
Notes to Editors :
The history of Mercy Ships can be found at http://www.mercyships.org
Don Stephens is Founder and President of Mercy Ships International .
Deyon , a registered nurse , serves as the Director of Training and oversees the Ships Watchmen program .
Married in 1966 , Don and Deyon have four grown children and became grandparents in 2002 .
Don Stephens has received the Two Hungers Award and the Religious Heritage Award .
He is also a Paul Harris Fellow through Rotary .
Conversant in German and French , Don lectures internationally and is the author of three books , Trial by Trial , Mandate for Mercy and Ships of Mercy .
His most recent book , Ships of Mercy , is published by Hodder and Stoughton in the UK and Thomas Nelson in the U.S .
Mercy Ships is a global charity providing developing countries with free medical and surgical services .
It also helps local communities develop sustainable water , sanitation and education programs .
The charity operates the world 's largest non-governmental hospital ship staffed with volunteer doctors , nurses , engineers and agriculturists that visits ports in some of the world 's poorest countries .
# # #
Say it is n’t so : Apple to deny the SlingPlayer App ?
Just when my gadget life was all coming together .
First , I got my Dish HD Absolute package installed about 1 month before they discontinued selling it .
So I now get all the HD channels including locals and DVR for $ 40 a month .
Hell yeah !
Then I jumped on my wife ’s iPhone plan , which is mostly company paid , and converted it to a family plan .
Hello shiny new iPhone 3G , goodbye old crappy phone from 2006 .
Then Dish shows up at CES with a Sling - Loaded DVR .
Sling - Loaded meaning that not only can you record , pause , and rewind live TV but now you can also stream that TV to pretty much any internet connected device in the world .
How sweet is that ?
The reason I said pretty much any device is because there is not a SlingPlayer app for the iPhone … at least not yet .
Well , all that changed late last month when Sling submitted their SlingPlayer Mobile app to Apple .
You see ?
You see ?
Everything is coming together !
Or it was until I read this :
Electronista cites “ a source close to Apple ’s approval processes , ” who claims Apple is giving SlingPlayer the red light because AT&T fears it will strain bandwidth on its network .
Noooooooooooooooooooooooo !
Damn you AT&T .
Damn you Apple for submitting to AT&T .
Damn you Sling for being so cool that I would get this upset over an app .
Thankfully , there is a silver lining :
However , Wired.com thinks SlingPlayer will appear in the App Store for a few reasons .
First ,
Sling is a very high - profile , popular service whose plans for an iPhone app have been well - documented ; a flat rejection would cause an uproar .
Second , Sling tells Wired.com it has a good , communicative relationship with Apple , and we trust Apple will not break that relationship .
Third , Apple already announced it ’s optimizing live streaming in the upcoming iPhone 3.0 OS — a Major League Baseball app using this improved streaming support is already in the works , although it remains unconfirmed whether this will only work with Wi -Fi .
Well now I do n’t know what to think .
Will it happen ?
Wo n’t it happen ?
Who knows .
I just hope the gadget gods give Sling the push they need to get the SlingPlayer Mobile app approved .
Well , earlier today , I was invited to a service that has generated much discussion and controversy over the past few days .
That would be Ubuntu One .
Getting an invite is pretty easy , all you have to do is sign up on the waiting list , and in my case , wait a few days .
A LaunchPad account is a prerequisite .
So , many of you might ask why is this so much better than any service such as DropBox .
The answer to that is , it ’s not .
It is certainly a decent service , for free or for a decent price , but besides Ubuntu brand - name fanboyism I see no reason to use this service .
Ubuntu
One is a program that you install on your computer that sits in your taskbar and creates a folder in your home directory called Ubuntu One .
In this folder , there is the My Files and Shared With Me folder .
These are your gateways to the Ubuntu One world .
Simply dragging a file into the My Files folder will upload it to Ubuntu One , and it will show up on any other computers you organized along with the Ubuntu One homepage at ubuntuone.com .
This is fairly convenient , but has many shortfalls .
Let me start with the positives .
Ubuntu
One is not only well supported ( as it is developed by Canonical ) , it is also lightweight .
It seems to take up few or no resources , and you can start it up when you need it .
There is a 2 gb limit , which is not bad for casual filestorage ( though it has serious limitations for backup use ) , and you can update to 10 GB for $ 10 a month .
Now , we can start with the cons .
One con is it has is the fact that it is Ubuntu only .
The installation process , from the specialized PPAs to the actual client , are all only available for Ubuntu .
I had to bring out my netbook , as I use Fedora on the desktop .
This is also an immense shortfall when you want to synchronize accross platforms .
In my house , I have a mix of Linux and one Mac computer , this would not be useful to exchange files accross machines .
A comparable service , DropBox , supports Windows , Mac , and many Linux distributions .
Also , the Ubuntu One team gives you 10 GB for fr $ 10 per month , while Dropbox gives you 50 GB for $ 9.99 a month .
Also , the interface is not as clean as Dropbox .
Furthermore , as one blogger pointed out , One is not open sourced or released with any open license , and this seems to be a slap in the face to the Ubuntu name , trademark , and community .
It is basically using the established , open Ubuntu name to promote a service that has little or nothing to do with Ubuntu itself ( besides being the sole operating system it can run on ) .
The speeds are fine , but I did not put it to any heavy tests , and it is convenient to have one account for both Launchpad and One , but that is not too big of a plus .
Overall , I think that users looking for this kind of storage solution should go with Dropbox , as it has many more features than One .
If you are loyal to the Ubuntu brand name , and you must , go with Ubuntu One .
workplace accidents
Many workplace injuries are covered by workers ' compensation , and in some cases the injury victim may be entitled to additional compensation .
This may be the case if someone other than your employer , for example , a subcontractor , helped cause the accident .
These types of accidents are especially common on construction sites .
US : Cuts in Social Security , Medicare to pay for bank bailouts
By Tom Eley
14 May 2009
A government report made public Tuesday indicates that Social Security and Medicare will deplete their trust funds more quickly than previously forecast .
This has sparked new demands from within the US financial elite for substantial cuts in the two entitlement programs , which pay retirement and medical benefits for tens of millions of working class Americans .
The report was issued by the programs ’ trustees , a group of four Obama administration officials headed by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
Because regressive payroll taxes on workers ’ earnings fund the two programs , mounting unemployment has worsened the projections .
Since December 2007 , 5.7 million jobs have been lost , and the official unemployment rate now approaches 9 percent .
The slump has slowed the rate of inflation to below the level required by law to trigger a cost - of - living raise for Social Security recipients .
As a result , the trustees project that in 2010 and 2011 , for the first time since automatic cost - of - living raises were incorporated into Social Security in the 1970s , there will be no increase in retirement benefits , and only a minuscule 1.4 percent rise in 2012 .
The effective freeze in retirement benefits will be combined with substantially higher monthly premiums for many Medicare recipients .
Since the trustees base their projections of the fiscal state of both programs by estimating future economic growth , the current slump has moved forward the projected point at which each program will begin to run a deficit .
Social Security currently operates at a surplus , which the report anticipates will end in 2016 , when the program would finally have to begin withdrawing from its own fund — potentially cutting into the other areas where the federal government currently funnels the money .
Even by its alarmist critics ’ own admission , Social Security is not about to collapse under its own weight .
It would deplete its funds by 2045 , thirty years from now , according to the trustees ’ report .
For years , Social Security funds have been used to pay directly or indirectly for reactionary federal budget priorities — including tax cuts for the rich , bank bailouts , and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Obama administration has shelled out hundreds of billions , no strings attached , to the biggest financial institutions , under the false rationale that this would “ kick - start ” lending and generate jobs .
All told , between direct cash infusions , loans , and guarantees on debt , Washington has handed over around $ 10 trillion to Wall Street in less than a year .
In comparison , Medicare would need $ 13 trillion and Social Security $ 5 trillion over the next 75 years to remain solvent , according to the report .
In other words , retirement benefits and healthcare benefits for several generations of the elderly could be secured at the cost of one year ’s bailout of the financial aristocracy .
But the vast payouts to Wall Street and the imperialist wars abroad require the plundering of Social Security and Medicare .
After giving hundreds of billions to the banks and setting a new record for military spending , Obama has no other credible target for “ fiscal discipline . ”
Yesterday the White House revised upwards its budget deficit estimate by 5 percent from February to $ 1.84 trillion .
Secretary Geithner ’s dual role as Wall Street frontman and “ trustee ” of the retirement and health care for the working class underscores the duplicitous nature of the Obama administration .
Disregarding the trillions he has handed over to the banks , Geithner claimed yesterday that “ there is no more important long - term fiscal measure than gaining control of the growth of Medicare costs . ”
The first target for cuts will be Medicare , followed by Social Security .
Geithner explained : “ After we have passed health - care reform that puts our nation on a path to lower growth in health - care costs and expanded affordable coverage , this president will work to build a bipartisan consensus to ensure the long - term solvency of Social Security . ”
Geithner ’s reference to “ bipartisan consensus ” is Washington code for the sort of reform that can bring the most far - right , pro-market forces aboard .
To make sure the significance of this was not lost , Geithner reiterated that Obama “ explicitly rejects the notion that Social Security is untouchable politically . ”
Republican lawmakers reacted favorably .
Thus , after only four months , the historical significance of the Obama administration ’s “ domestic agenda ” has come into focus .
As it took a Democratic president , Bill Clinton to undo welfare , it will be a Democrat in the White House who takes the axe to Medicare and that last vestige of Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal , Social Security .
The freeze in cost of living increases for Social Security and increased user payments for Medicare are only the beginning .
The Obama administration used the release of the new data to amp up its demands for what it calls a “ major overhaul ” of health care in the US .
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , also a trustee of the two programs , called the report “ a wake - up call for anyone concerned about Medicare .
... it ’s another sign that we ca n’t wait for real , comprehensive health care reform . ”
In fact , the revelations on Social Security and Medicare only served to underline that Obama ’s health care “ reform ” will be predicated on a sharp curtailment of the provision of medical services to the working class .
The entire effort will take as its starting and ending point the defense of the profit margins of the various “ players ” in the health care industry — the insurance corporations , the HMOs and the pharmaceuticals .
Earlier this week , Obama gained pledges from representatives of five health industry trade groups and the Service Employees International Union that they would “ try ” to rein in costs by 1.5 percent per year for the coming decade .
There will be no penalties for non-compliance and Congress is likely to authorize generous tax incentives to pay for cooperation .
Obama claims that the voluntary pledges could result in an increase in annual health care costs of 5.5 percent compared to the currently forecast 7 percent for the coming years .
In other words , even in the best - case scenario , the health care burden on workers would increase only slightly less rapidly .
The industry players have been tempted to cooperate with potentially lucrative promises from the Obama administration .
“ Groups like the insurance industry hope that cuts to their payments would be offset by new rules that would require all Americans ” to pay for private insurance plans , the Wall Street Journal reports .
Other groups “ want to head off regulations that could pose new burdens or curb their profits . ”
( “ Health - Care Providers Pledge to Try to Curb Costs . ” )
Frozen out of Obama ’s discussion on health care reform are advocates of government - run or “ single - payer ” health insurance schemes , such as those that prevail — and are being rolled back — in Canada and Western Europe .
On Tuesday , police removed about thirty nurses and doctors from Senate Finance Committee hearings convened to consider financing changes to the health care system .
The health care workers had launched a protest against the exclusion of single - payer advocates from the discussion .
Any new health care bill will be funded by cuts in other social programs and taxes on workers .
On Wednesday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that a health reform bill would be on the House floor by July 31 .
According to an analysis by the Associated Press , “ the final financing package is likely to include a mix of tax increases and spending cuts in federal health programs .
Among the possibilities are tax increases on alcoholic beverages , tobacco products and sugary soft drinks , and restrictions on other health care - related tax breaks , such as flexible spending accounts . ”
An article in Wednesday ’s Wall Street Journal , “ Idea on Hill : Taxing Health Benefits , ” pointed to a growing consensus among lawmakers and Obama administration officials that workers ’ health care benefits should be taxed to pay for any reform .
Ensuring the best health care and a secure retirement for all is not a technical , but a political question .
The looming attack on Social Security and the transparent bankruptcy of Obama ’s health care “ reform ” are dictated by powerful financial interests who believe that workers should work until they can work no longer , and that thereafter they should expect little or nothing in the way of public assistance or medical care to maintain themselves .
That is considered too costly .
There is no resolution outside of a struggle against this financial aristocracy .
The medical industry must be wrested from the hands of the insurers , pharmaceuticals and for - profit hospital chains and placed under the democratic control of its doctors , nurses and health care workers , who will determine how medicine ’s enormous potential can be best deployed to meet human needs , ensuring long and healthy retirements .
Can the U.N. Keep the Peace ?
It appears that your computer does not have the Flash Player required to view NOW videos .
Visit Adobe to download and install the latest version of the Flash Player .
Web Features
Challenges in the Congo
Correspondent Paul Beban on the problems and dangers he faced in the Congo .
On Patrol with the U.N .
What 's daily life like in the Congo ?
See images from NOW 's journey to Africa .
Violence in Congo
An aid worker describes her harrowing experiences as rebel fighters close in .
U.N. Peacekeeping " Inadequate "
Phil Lancaster , a peacekeeping veteran , on the problems facing the U.N .
Correspondent Paul Beban on the problems and dangers he faced in the Congo .
What 's daily life like in the Congo ?
See images from NOW 's journey to Africa .
An aid worker describes her harrowing experiences as rebel fighters close in .
Phil Lancaster , a peacekeeping veteran , on the problems facing the U.N .
A recent discussion on the p5p mailing list seemed like an opportunity for me to suggest what could help produce regular Perl 5 releases .
( Nicholas Clark nearly dared me .
He 's a bad man . )
As you might expect , the resulting discussion went off in several directions .
A few people see little value in regular releases ( which means that I should write about that soon ) .
Perhaps the most important point is a question that a couple of pumpkings alluded to .
David Golden , ever perceptive , picked up on the real question .
How do you know that Perl 5 is " stable " and ready for release ?
Double Lives Take Half as Long
( I addressed this issue from the other side in February in Hanging the Core out to DRY .
This is a followup from the " Why does so much time elapse between stable Perl 5 releases ? " department . )
One of the biggest time sinks to releasing a new stable version of Perl is chasing down dual - lived core modules .
A dual - lived core module is a module in Perl 's core library that someone other than p5p maintains outside of the Perl 5 core repository .
At various times , someone notices that there 's a new release of a core module ( usually the maintainer , but ... ) and suggests that a pumpking merge the new version into the core .
Why are there dual - lived modules ?
The most important reason is so that users can upgrade to newer versions of core modules without upgrading the core .
Why would they want to do that ?
Perhaps it 's difficult to upgrade core Perl and they do n't have permission .
Most likely , it 's because Perl 5 releases are infrequent .
Where a bugfix in a core module may require only a little bit of testing and represent only a little bit of change , releasing a new version of Perl requires a lot of testing and coordination .
Another reason for dual - lived modules is to spread the maintenance burden .
While only a few people had commit access to the Perl 5 repository in the past , every maintainer of a dual - lived module can have his or her own repository just for that module .
This is less of an issue now that Perl 5 uses git , but old design decisions tend to persist .
A final reason for dual - lived modules is that the modules themselves may be usable on several versions of Perl , even if they 're not binary compatible .
( The modules may be pure Perl , or their XS may be source compatible with multiple Perl major versions . )
If code works correctly and unmodified on Perl 5.6.2 and Perl 5.8.6 - 5.8.9 and Perl 5.10 , is there a reason to limit users to waiting for Perl 5.10.1 or 5.12 to use the new version ?
Of course , coordinating separate releases from all of these separate repositories and separate authors on a well - known and well - understood time frame and testing them to make sure they work with the core language at that point as well as with each other -- and remember there are dozens ( if not more ) dual - lived modules spread out among dozens of authors -- is difficult .
As I 'm sure you realize by now , this is a tangle .
Cutting the Knot
These separate goals of dual - lived modules are incompatible .
The point of having a standard library full of modules is so that Perl is useful to users by itself , with nothing else installed .
This theory suggests that users should n't have to install CPAN modules to do useful things .
The point of releasing modules on the CPAN is so that users can upgrade them independently of the core .
The CPAN is an integral part of the modern Perl programming experience .
( When users complain that they have to install " half of CPAN " to get a modern Perl application to run , part of that complaint is that Perl 5 the language is too minimalistic and flexible and not opinionated in several places to write modern Perl applications on its own .
Another part of that complaint is that we do n't have CPAN quite right yet . )
I can think of three solutions .
They can overlap , but they 're also independent .
First , improve the core 's automated testing .
This helps everyone ; it can identify changes in the core code that affect the stability and behavior of the standard library .
It can also identify changes in standard library modules which do not work on important platforms .
The sooner you can discover a failure , the easier it is to identify the offending change .
Second , do not automatically merge in all upstream changes to the core .
A stable and well - tested version of a dual - lived module is better than the most recent version , at least if you have n't verified it on all interesting platforms .
If users want a newer version , they can upgrade themselves .
( That 's one of the reasons dual - lived modules exist ! )
I realize this seems to conflict with my belief that users should upgrade frequently .
I still believe they should .
I still believe strongly in frequent stable releases -- but users do not have to upgrade .
They should have the option to upgrade frequently ( and they should know the support and deprecation implications of not upgrading ) , but they have the choice .
Third , remove dual - lived modules from the core .
Maintain and distribute only those modules necessary to install other modules .
This will expose several other problems , however : encouraging Perl distributions to produce stable bundles which represent a usable core , improving configuration and installation support , and overcoming the social inertia toward an unchanging Perl core .
This is probably a historical inevitability , however ; the maintenance burden of the Perl 5 core cannot increase indefinitely .
Perl 6 has chosen option three to avoid this maintenance burden .
( Many design and management decisions in Perl 6 address Perl 5 's drawbacks . )
Bankrupt European Banks Sitting on $ 23 Trillion of Impaired Assets
This week we look at the European bank markets through the eyes of my London partner Niels Jensen , head of Absolute Return Partners .
I continue to believe that this is a brewing crisis which could have far more significant implications for the global economy than the Asian Crisis of 1998 .
In this week 's Outside the Box , Niels has compiled a sobering set of data that suggests that only massive government involvement in Europe on a scale that is unprecedented will keep the wheels from coming off in Europe and the global economy .
I have worked closely with Niels for years and have found him to be one of the more savvy observers of the markets I know .
You can see more of his work at www.arpllp.com and contact them at info@arpllp.com .
John Mauldin , Editor , Outside the Box
Europe On the Ropes
The Absolute Return Letter March 2009
" Many of today 's policy proposals start from the view that " greed " and " incompetence " and " poor risk assessment " are the ultimate source of what went wrong .
In fact , they were not the true cause at all .
Moreover , even if they had been , it is fatuous to think that we will now create a post - crash generation of bankers and traders who are not greedy , much less a new generation of quants who will be able to assess and manage risks much better than " the idiots " who have brought us to the current abyss .
Greed can not be exorcised .
Nor can the inherent inability of any quants to determine the " true " probability distributions of all - important events whose true probabilities of occurrence can never be assessed in the first place . "
- Woody Brock , SED Profile , December 2008
Policy mistakes 'en masse '
The last few weeks have had a profound effect on my view of politicians ( as if it was n't already dented ) .
All this talk about capping salaries for senior bank executives is quite frankly ridiculous .
It is Neanderthal politics performed by populist leaders .
That Gordon Brown has fallen for it is hardly surprising but I am disappointed to see that Barack Obama could n't resist the temptation .
The mob wants blood and our leaders are delivering in spades .
The stark reality is that we are all guilty of the mess we are now in .
For a while we were allowed to live out our dreams and who was there to stop us ?
Policy mistakes – very grave mistakes – permitted the situation to spin out of control .
From the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank under the stewardship of Alan Greenspan being far too generous on interest rates to the British Chancellor of the Exchequer - who now happens to be our Prime Minister - advocating ' Regulation Light ' .
Policing must improve
If you really want to prevent a banking crisis of this magnitude from ever happening again , the focus should be on the way banks operate and not on how much they pay their staff .
And , within that context , any discussion must start and end with how much leverage should be permitted .
The French have actually caught onto that , but their narrow - mindedness has driven them to focus on hedge funds ' use of leverage which is only a tiny part of the problem .
It is the gung ho strategy of banks which brought us down and which must be better policed .
And guess what ; if banks were better policed - and leverage restricted - then profits , even at the best of times , would be much smaller and there would be no need to regulate bankers ' compensation packages .
It is pathetic to watch our prime minister attacking the bonus arrangements of our banks when the UK Treasury , on his watch , spent £ 27 million pounds on bonuses last year as reward for delivering a public spending deficit of 4.5 % of GDP at the peak of the economic cycle .
Even my old mother understands that governments must deliver budget surpluses in good times , allowing them more flexibility to stimulate when the economy hits the wall .
What Gordon Brown has done to UK public finances in recent years is nothing short of criminal .
So , with that in mind , let 's take a closer look at the European banking industry .
The following is not pretty reading .
I have rarely , if ever , felt this apprehensive about the outlook .
So , if the crisis has made you depressed already , do n't read any further .
What is about to come , will make your heart sink .
More leverage in Europe
Let 's begin our journey by pointing out a regulatory ' anomaly ' which has allowed European banks to take on much more leverage than their American colleagues and which now makes them far more vulnerable .
In Europe , unlike in the US , it is only risk - weighted assets which matter to the regulators , not the total leverage ratio .
European banks can therefore apply a lot more leverage than their US counterparties , provided they load their balance sheets with higher rated assets , and that is precisely what they have been doing .
That is fine as long as you buy what it says on the tin .
But AAA is not always AAA as we have learned over the past 18 months .
Asset securitisations such as CLOs proved very popular amongst European banks , partly because they offered very attractive returns and partly because Standard & Poors and Moodys were kind enough to rate many of them AAA despite the questionable quality of the underlying assets .
Now , as long as the economy chugs along , everything is dandy and the AAA - rated assets turn out to be precisely that .
But we are not in dandy territory .
Many asset securitisation programmes are in horse manure to their necks , so do n't be at all surprised if European banks have to swallow further losses once the full effect of the recession is felt across Europe .
The two largest sources of asset securitisation programmes are corporate loans and credit cards .
Senior secured loans are still marked at or close to par on many balance sheets despite the fact they trade around 70 in the markets .
The credit card cycle is only beginning to turn now with significant losses expected later this year and in 2010 - 11 .
Not much of a cushion left
Citibank has calculated that it would only take a cumulative increase in bad debts of 3.8 % in 2009 - 10 to take the core equity tier 1 ratio of the European banking industry down to the bare minimum of 4.5%1 .
By comparison , bad debts rose by a cumulative 7 % in Japan in 1997 - 98 .
One can only conclude that European banks are very poorly equipped to withstand a severe recession .
Seeing the writing on the wall , they are left with no option but to shrink their balance sheets .
Despite talking the talk , banks will use every trick at their disposal to reduce the loan book .
No prize for guessing what that will do to economic activity .
The wheels are coming off
But that is not the whole story .
It is not even the most worrying part of the story .
For the true horror to emerge , we need to turn to Eastern Europe for a minute or two .
Nowhere has the credit boom been more pronounced than in Eastern Europe .
And nowhere is the pain felt more now that credit has all but dried up .
One measure of the credit fuelled bonanza is the deterioration of the current account across the region .
Credit Suisse has calculated that in four short years , from 2004 to 2008 , Eastern Europe 's current account went from + 6 % to - 6 % of GDP2 .
That is a frightening development and is likely to cause all sorts of problems over the next few years .
Meanwhile Western European banks , eager to milk the opportunities in the East after the iron curtain came down , have acquired many of the region 's banks ( see chart 1 ) .
Now , with many Eastern European countries in free fall , ownership could prove disastrous for an already weakened banking industry in the West .
The problem is widespread
To make matters worse , the problems in the East are beginning to look systemic .
Credit Suisse has produced an interesting scorecard where they rank a number of countries around the world on factors usually taken into consideration when assessing the credit quality of sovereign debt ( see chart 2 ) .
At the top of the tree ( i.e. the worst credit score ) you find Iceland – hardly surprising considering their current predicament .
More importantly though , of the next 14 countries on the list , 8 are Eastern European – not what you want to hear if you are an already undercapitalised European bank with huge exposure to Eastern Europe .
Swedish banks are already reeling from their exposure to the Baltic countries .
Austrian banks are in even worse shape , having been the most acquisitive of any European banks .
Some Italian banks could be dragged under by their Eastern European exposure and even the conservative banking sector in Switzerland does n't look like it can escape the mayhem .
Worst of all , the problems in the East are just about to unfold at a point in time where the European banking industry is bleeding heavily from massive losses already incurred in other areas .
With no access to private funding , banks find it virtually impossible to re-build their capital base with anything but tax payers ' money .
US banks are better off
US banks are in less of a pickle .
Unlike the subprime debacle which hit both the US and the European banks hard , US banks have little exposure to Eastern Europe .
To prove my point , according to the IMF , European banks have 75 % as much exposure to US toxic debt as American banks , but 90 % of all cross border loans to Eastern Europe originate from Western European banks .
And , to add insult to injury , European banks have been much slower than US banks in terms of recognising their losses .
Write - offs now total about $ 750 billion in the US and only about $ 325 billion in Europe .
The great mortgage show
The problems in Eastern Europe begin and end with their large external debts .
In recent years , ordinary people all over the region have converted their traditional mortgages to EUR - or CHF - denominated mortgages .
Some have even switched to JPY mortgages .
Who can possibly resist 3 % mortgages ?
Did n't anyone inform them of the risk ?
As currencies across the region have fallen out of bed in recent months , these mortgages have suddenly become 30 - 50 % more expensive .
No wonder the local economy is suddenly tanking .
Credit Suisse has calculated that net foreign liabilities ( as a % of GDP ) have risen from 47 % to 65 % in recent months as a direct result of the loss of local currency values ( see chart 3 – and do n't ask me why Credit Suisse has included South Africa in Eastern Europe ! ) .
Chart 4 : Eastern European vs. Asian Crisis
Source : Wall Street Journal
Back in 1997 - 98 Asia went through a similar currency crisis .
However , as you can see from chart 4 , Asian current account deficits were much smaller than Eastern European deficits are now .
So were debt levels .
Despite that , the Asian crisis did enormous damage to the local economy .
Eventually Asia came good , primarily because the devalued currencies allowed the Asian countries to export more .
Eastern Europe does not share this luxury .
With over 90 % of the world 's GDP in recession , who are they going to export to anytime soon ?
Austria is in greatest trouble
According to the latest estimates from BIS , Eastern European countries currently borrow $ 1,656 billion from abroad , three times more than in 2005 and mostly denominated in foreign currencies ( ouch ! ) .
90 % of that can be traced to Western European banks .
About $ 350 billion must be repaid or rolled over this year .
Not an easy task in these markets .
Austrian banks alone have lent about $ 300 billion to the region , equivalent to 68 % of its GDP according to the Financial Times .
A default rate of 10 % on its Eastern European loans is considered enough to wipe out the entire Austrian banking system .
EBRD has gone on record stating that defaults in Eastern Europe could end up as high as 20%3 .
An extra $ 250bn to the IMF
Hungary , Latvia and Ukraine have already received emergency loans from the IMF and both Serbia and Romania are reportedly considering asking for help .
Meanwhile the IMF 's coffers are draining quickly and it has asked leading industrial nations for new funding .
At their summit a week ago , EU leaders coughed up an extra $ 250 billion but nobody said where the money is going to come from .
Even if they find the money , it is likely to prove hopelessly inadequate .
Our leaders must grow up .
Measuring everything in billions is so yesterday .
Trillions are the new billions , like it or not .
Conspiracy or ...?
On the 11th February the Daily Telegraph 's Brussels correspondent Bruno Waterfield wrote an article under the header : " European banks may need £ 16.3 trillion bail out , EC document warns . "
In the article , the reporter revealed that he has seen a secret document produced by the EU Commission which briefed the union 's finance ministers on the true extent of the banking crisis .
Less than 24 hours later , the article 's header was changed to " European bank bail - out could push EU into crisis " and two paragraphs had mysteriously disappeared .
Here they are :
" European Commission officials have estimated that " impaired assets " may amount to 44 pc of EU bank balance sheets .
The Commission estimates that so - called financial instruments in the ' trading book ' total £ 12.3 trillion ( 13.7 trillion euros ) , equivalent to about 33 pc of EU bank balance sheets .
In addition , so - called ' available for sale instruments ' worth £ 4trillion ( 4.5 trillion euros ) , or 11 pc of balance sheets , are also added by the Commission to arrive at the headline figure of £ 16.3 trillion . "
Do yourself a favour - read those two paragraphs again .
Newspaper editors do not change content light - heartedly .
Did the Telegraph editor receive a call from Downing Street ?
Or Brussels ?
Did he have second thoughts about the avalanche that he could possibly instigate ?
I do n't know and I probably never will .
But one thing is certain .
If the EU Commission 's estimate of £ 16.3 trillion of impaired assets is correct , then the crisis is far worse than any of us could ever imagine .
Not only would we have to get used to the prospects of a systemic meltdown of our banking system , but entire nations may go down as well .
Public debt to rise and rise
Even if actual losses prove to be much , much smaller ( and I sincerely hope so ) , the banking sector cannot , in the current environment at least , raise sufficient capital to stay afloat , so more , possibly a lot more , tax payers ' money will have to be put forward .
This can only mean one thing .
Public debt will rise and rise .
The official estimate for the UK for next year is already approaching 10 % of GDP , an estimate which will almost certainly rise further .
We probably have to get used to running 10 - 15 % deficits for a few years , a fact which seriously undermines the notion of government bonds being next to risk - free .
BCA Research has calculated the effect on public debt in a number of countries , as a result of further bank losses being underwritten by tax payers .
Obviously , those countries with the largest banking industries ( as a % of GDP ) will be hit the hardest ( see charts 5a and 5 b ) .
For that very reason , and as pointed out in last month 's Absolute Return Letter , there is a real risk that investors will demand much higher risk premiums on government debt .
Only a few days ago , Ireland issued 3 - year bonds at almost 250 basis points over corresponding Bunds .
As more and more debt is transferred to sovereign balance sheets , we will likely see the spreads between good and bad paper rise further but we will also witness increasingly desperate measures being applied by the men in power .
If they could prohibit short - selling of banks on the stock exchange ( which did n't work ) , why would n't they consider prohibiting short - selling of government bonds ?
Not that it would necessarily work any better , but desperate people do desperate things .
Can Germany rescue us ?
Most investors remain convinced that Germany will come to the rescue - in my opinion not as simple a solution as widely perceived given the enormity of the crisis .
One possible solution which has been mentioned frequently in recent weeks is for all the eurozone nations to get together and start issuing joint bonds .
This would undoubtedly help the weaker nations , but the idea was shot down by the German Finance Minister only a few days ago when he said that closer economic harmony across the eurozone would be needed before Germany would be prepared to entertain such an idea .
The most obvious trick left in the book , therefore , is to inflate us out of this mess .
With the enormous amounts of public debt being created at the moment , years of deflation a la Japan would be catastrophic .
You will never get a central banker to admit to it , but a healthy dose of inflation is probably our best prospect of surviving this crisis .
Given this outlook , do you really want to be long euros ?
Niels C. Jensen
© 2002-2009 Absolute Return Partners LLP .
All rights reserved .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Footnotes :
1 Citibank , Credit Outlook 2009
2 Ex Russia .
Source : Credit Suisse Global Equity Strategy
3 " Failure to save East Europe will lead to wordwide meltdown " , Daily Telegraph
By John Mauldin
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
Copyright 2008 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
John Mauldin is president of Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC , a registered investment advisor .
All material presented herein is believed to be reliable but we cannot attest to its accuracy .
Investment recommendations may change and readers are urged to check with their investment counselors before making any investment decisions .
Opinions expressed in these reports may change without prior notice .
John Mauldin and / or the staff at Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC may or may not have investments in any funds cited above .
Mauldin can be reached at 800-829-7273 .
Disclaimer PAST RESULTS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS .
THERE IS RISK OF LOSS AS WELL AS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR GAIN WHEN INVESTING IN MANAGED FUNDS .
WHEN CONSIDERING ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS , INCLUDING HEDGE FUNDS , YOU SHOULD CONSIDER VARIOUS RISKS INCLUDING THE FACT THAT SOME PRODUCTS : OFTEN ENGAGE IN LEVERAGING AND OTHER SPECULATIVE INVESTMENT PRACTICES THAT MAY INCREASE THE RISK OF INVESTMENT LOSS , CAN BE ILLIQUID , ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PERIODIC PRICING OR VALUATION INFORMATION TO INVESTORS , MAY INVOLVE COMPLEX TAX STRUCTURES AND DELAYS IN DISTRIBUTING IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION , ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THE SAME REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AS MUTUAL FUNDS , OFTEN CHARGE HIGH FEES , AND IN MANY CASES THE UNDERLYING INVESTMENTS ARE NOT TRANSPARENT AND ARE KNOWN ONLY TO THE INVESTMENT MANAGER .
John Mauldin Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
You ’d think people would know better than to share damaging info online .
Alas , no .
Not even close .
On the Internet , anything that can be used to act stupid will be used to act stupid .
Like the bank intern who told the boss he had a family emergency and then posted photos of himself at a Halloween party on Facebook .
Now that Twitter has become the favored medium for oversharing , so too has it become the best way to get fired , double quick .
Resume Bear just did a quick Twitter search , and posted 30 tweets likely to haunt their authors .
We ’ve excerpted a few below .
The rest are here .
You ’ve been warned .
Friends ,
Exotic Meat Market® respect and follows the beliefs of Indigenous American Indians that animals should only be " harvested for food .
“ As custodians of Mother Nature , we Exotic Meat Market® recognize our responsibility to the environment .
Every step of the way , from paddock to plate , we make it a priority to improve environmental management continuously .
Thank You
Anshu Pathak
Set in the near - future , mind - control technology has taken society by storm and a multiplayer on - line game called “ Slayers ” allows humans control other humans in mass - scale .
Simon controls Kable ( Gerard Butler ) the on- line champion of the game , and with his every move tracked by millions , his ultimate challenge becomes regaining his identity and independence by defeating the game ’s mastermind ( Michael C. Hall ) through launching an attack on the system that has imprisoned him .
The first trailer for ‘s action - thriller “ ” has been released .
Check it out below .
“ Gamer ” which also starsandis set for release on September 4th , 2009 .
Take a look also at the interactive poster for “ Gamer ” both written and directed byand– the guys behind “ ” and “
The Future Of Programming Is May 07 , 2009
Not what you think it will be .
I read some article on Reddit ( actually the comments ) where some guest lecturer spoke to a group and suggested that the future of programming is domain specific languages , and that they should focus on this .
Today when people tell me what the future of programming is , I run away .
Every since my first programming job back in 1981 , I 've heard a million people make these kinds of predictions .
The first I remember was " The Yourdon Look " , some classes we were forced to take on Data Flow Diagrams or something like it .
Over the years there have been so many I 've lost interest in even counting them .
Object - Oriented programming seemed a revolution , but it did n't change how we programmed as much as just made some things easier , some things harder .
Even then it took a whole generation to convert even a portion of programmers , and now it sure appears to be far less of a panacea than was proclaimed in the early days .
My first brush with OOP was the Smalltalk edition of Byte , and later I " invented " some C OO extensions for Deltagraph ( which are embarrassing today but helped a little ) .
It was n't a revolution , just an improvement .
Or not .
So who predicted the internet , the web ?
The biggest change in programming ever as far as I know did n't exist 15 years ago ( at least not to most people ) .
Not even the high and might ( like Bill Gates ) saw the change coming .
I was in Silicon Valley working for Remedy when Netscape went public .
Then I worked at Apple for a few months before coming back to Texas .
I still did n't realize the web was going to change so much .
D'oh , I missed the whole Dot Com gold rush .
But no one realized in 1995 that the web would touch and affect virtually everything we do , not to mention all the crap we would have to learn !
Who at the time predicted that the other big change would dominate things - the whole open source movement .
If someone had told me in 1995 that 15 years later one could run an entire large international business and spend $ 0 on software I would have laughed .
Yet today not only because of the first pioneers ( like Linux ) but because the internet existed to support it .
In the 80's I read paper magazines to find out what was going on in the programming world ( like Byte ) .
With the advent of the internet , it became possible to communicate with people all over the world , discuss and collaborate on software development , and distribute the work to everyone .
Not one person that I remember ever predicted this either .
If someone had told me 5 years ago that in 9 months this year 1 Billion Apps would be downloaded to a phone I would have laughed too .
Phones were for calling and had crappy built in apps no one really used .
Who called this one ?
Yes , its a bad pun .
So pardon me if I regard all predictions of the future of programming with an ocean of salt .
I 've heard for decades seemingly that programming was almost dead and we would no longer be needed like the Luddites of old .
Anyone could learn to program , it was no longer a tech function , just push some buttons , drag a few icons , and presto ! and application pops out .
Maybe someday we will be obsolete .
But it wo n't be something we predict .
The future is not some slightly altered version of what you see today .
It 's going to be different .
Whatever is the new big deal wo n't come from a predictable path , a consensus opinion , a committee .
It might be a Steve Jobs type person with an insane idea and the people to make it work .
It might be some researcher with a simple idea ( Tim Berners - Lee ) .
Heck it might be aliens for all we know .
The biggest mistake people who predict the future make is assuming it will be just like the present , only more futuristic .
In ancient times prophets usually got stoned if they make predictions that did n't come true , which tended to limit the prediction business .
Today , its much easier , you can write a book , give a lecture , or more likely , post to a blog .
No one will stone you .
No matter what anyone says , the future of programming is ... something .
If I had to make a prediction ( sans stoning ) I would say we will still be writing some kind of code for a long time until the day comes when the programmer will be a robot , who will then write the code for us .
Of course someone wrote the code for the robot , and if thats the programmer who is going to be replaced , I imagine there will be bugs !
A genuine classic comes to the Wii Virtual Console today .
The Legend of Zelda : Majora 's Mask has been added at the cost of 1000 Wii Points ( GBP 8.50 / EUR 12.00 ) .
Majora 's Mask is the N64 sequel to the oft - cited best game ever , Ocarina of Time .
However , arriving late in the N64's lifetime and baffling many with its arcane mechanics , it never achieved the same success .
Nonetheless , it is a masterpiece of the surreal , and features some of the most sophisticated and touching storytelling ever seen in the videogame form .
Fact .
In the game , young Link is trapped in an apocalyptic videogame Groundhog Day , going through the same 72 hours over and over again as he tries to stop the moon crashing into the earth ( and to bring a young couple together for their wedding ) .
The game 's NPCs have stories of their own that unfold over the course of the three days , altering subtly as Link 's adventures change the flow of time .
The other novelty in Majora 's Mask is the sinister mask seller and his collection of magical masks that allow Link to influence conversations , or change his form .
As our friends at Offworld said : " It 's a blueprint of brilliance , an object lesson in how innovative game design and non-linear story telling can combine to create that holy grail of emotionally resonant interaction .
Ten years on we 're still asking if such things are possible ... "
It 's the best Zelda game you 've never played .
Get it .
Lire
Hadopi jugée contraire à la Constitution : le gouvernement a quelques mois pour la réparer
The private - jet industry may have finally found its savior .
During a speech to Duke University 's graduating class , Oprah talked about the secrets and joys of success .
Among them : owning a mansion and a jet .
Bombardier
" It 's ...
Lighting and ventilation equipment was installed in the house
A 15 - year - old girl has been charged with cultivating cannabis valued at £ 750,000 at a house in Sunderland .
Up to 1,500 plants , along with sophisticated lighting and ventilation equipment , were found at the property in Trimdon Street on Tuesday .
Northumbria Police said the girl , who can not be named for legal reasons , was arrested near the property .
She was remanded into local authority custody by Sunderland magistrates to appear in court again on 29 May .
Pictured :
The giant jellyfish that washed up in Devon - so big it will make you go wobbly
It is a sight to make even the bravest of beachgoers feel a little wobbly .
But this 4ft jellyfish washed up on the North Devon coast should not put anyone off dipping a toe in the water .
Despite its size , the Rootmouth Jellyfish - also known as the Dustbin - lid - is more or less harmless , with a ' very mild ' sting .
The scientific name of the species is Rhizostoma octopus , because of its eight major tentacles .
It is fairly common off Britain and often becomes stranded ashore by currents and winds .
Big surprise :
The huge 4ft moon jellyfish found on a Devon beach today
It was spotted by a woman at a popular beauty spot on the coast of north Devon .
She then found photographer Peter Stapleton who captured this image .
But he is keeping the exact location secret - to avoid spreading panic .
Average size : Moon jellyfish usually only grow to 12 inches , above
The jellyfish - real name Aurelia aurita - can cause a painful rash on human skin if it comes into contact with tentacles .
Mr Stapleton said : ' A woman came up to me and said there was a huge jellyfish over on the other side of the beach .
' It was the biggest I 've seen , about 4ft long with a large body and tentacles .
' As well as people there was other wildlife around it , including herons , but they seemed as puzzled as the rest of us and left it alone . '
The species - also known as common jellyfish or saucer jelly - have no bones or brain , and their colourful bodies are 95 per cent water .
They usually grow to around 12 inches ( 30 cm ) .
Today ’s world is all about gizmo - gaz .
Technology has advanced to an extent that man cannot even think of surviving for a day without it .
Technology just keeps getting better day after day .
Everyday there are better and more advanced gadgets introduced in the market to make life easier and more comfortable .
Everything is available and ready at a click of a button .
I just wonder what it will be in 50 years down the line .
I really wo n’t be surprised to see men flying in the air to reach their offices on time .
In order to keep you updated and aware of the new advances that technologies make it is essential to read gadget news regularly .
Men are crazy about gadgets .
And on an average they are crazier than women when it comes to gadgets .
Why they are crazy is a good question ?
Well , one reason to answer this question is men are very competitive with their counterparts .
If his counterpart ( another male ) has a Nokia N series phone then the other will try to out beat it with a blackberry phone .
Gadgets really make everyone crazy in today ’s world .
Young kids are no long interested in playing outdoors but love to play at home on their playstations or enjoy online computer games .
The latest gadgets are new to everyone and getting gadget reviews becomes necessary .
Most gadgets are very expensive and it is essential to do a proper research before you can buy it and bring it home .
There are various electronic and other gadgets like plasma TV sets , refrigerators , air - conditioners , microwaves , mobile phones , laptops , cameras , ipods , playstations and many more gadgets which have new models and upgraded versions released in the market every alternate day .
Moreover , these gadgets are very expensive .
If you want to buy them you must be aware of the latest models , the prize tags , the working of it and all minute details of the gadget before you can buy it and bring it home .
People rely on gadget reviews and gadget news to get all the information required about all gadgets .
There are many sites which give detailed information about new gadgets and also gadget reviews that one can read about this new gadget before you can purchase it .
Some of them are gadget reviews.com , gii gadget reviews.com , etc .
You can also read reviews about gadgets in news papers , magazines , etc .
There are some channels which host shows on the latest gadgets , you get gadget news on the latest gadgets in the market and you also can listen to gadget reviews .
All this information can also be requested on official sites of that particular gadget .
Say for instance it is an Apple ipod ; you can request information about the ipod to Apple online by visiting Apple ’s site or also get a brochure or catalog at official Apple outlets .
The world is changing at a very fast pace .
You should not stay behind in the race at any cost and hence it is essential to keep your - self updated with the latest gadget news .
You should know what you are investing into or what are you buying and hence you should read all gadget reviews regularly .
After all , we all need comfort and will need these gadgets ; so why not get the best gadget that is available in the market today .
What do you do on a slow work day ?
Well these people decided to have some fun with their coworkers and their money .
And it turns out playing with your money can be very interesting .
Look at how pictures you see everyday , takes on new life when you replace the top or the bottom half of the bills with your friends faces .
Enjoy !
Source : Email
Category : Featured , Funny and Jokes
Recently I had the opportunity to ask writer Chris Eliopoulos and editor Nate Cosby a few questions about the new kid-friendly Marvel comic , Lockjaw & the Pet Avengers — which landed in good comic stores everywhere yesterday .
Using a few secret and extremely scientific resources at my disposal , I ’ve read the comic already and I have to say it ’s terrific for kids and just about anyone else who loves a good time .
I mean , come on : Frog Thor is in it .
How can anything with Frog Thor be bad , I asketh of thee ?
HOW ?
Plus , Ig Guara 's art is stunning .
Overall , Lockjaw & the Pet Avengers # 1 is a mega-fun and incredibly entertaining book full of action , adventure and superhero animals Lockjaw ( Black Bolt ’s dog ) , Lockheed ( everyone ’s fave alien dragon ) , Redwing ( Falcon ’s falcon pal ) , Hairball ( Speedball ’s cat ) and , of course , Frog Thor !
There ’s even a surprise canine companion who ends up tagging along .
They ’ve all been assembled by Lockjaw to stop a threat that their , er , larger super - powered friends are n’t aware of … since , you know , everyone is really busy right now in the Marvel U .
From this point on , I ’ll let the stellar creative team behind this book speak for it with both what they have to say and these great pages Marvel was kind enough to provide .
GeekDad : I know the cover says that the comic is suited for all ages , but what would you guys say the approximate age Lockjaw & the Pet Avengers is directed toward ?
Chris Eliopoulos :
It really is all - ages .
I think there will be stuff for kids , teenagers , adults and even something for parents to read WITH their kids .
Talking animals makes EVERYONE happy — just look at nearly every animated movie out there .
Nate Cosby :
In the same way you can watch certain movies with your kids , like Peter Pan or The Incredibles or Saw III , this book has a lil ’ something for everyone .
We gild cuteness with asides that adults could enjoy .
GeekDad : Every comic book title has a story behind its development .
What ’s the story behind this one ?__
__
CE : Nate wanted a book about Lockjaw and some other animals and called me up and said to pitch him a story .
I went back , picked out the animals I thought would really work and sent it to Nate .
The powers - that - be gave it the green light , which is the great thing about Marvel .
Most big companies try to play it safe , but Marvel is willing to throw things against the wall and see if they stick .
The idea about a bunch of animals saving the universe was something they wanted to see us pull off .
NC : Marketing wanted cute and fluffy , and they figured Lockjaw was the most famous non-speaking animal we ’ve got here at Marvel , so Chris and I made the list from there .
My ONLY demand was Frog Thor .
He ’s my favorite Marvel character , right after NFL SuperPro .
GeekDad : Okay , just how much fun was it putting this book together ?
It had to be a blast , yeah ?
CE : Duh .
I think when I ’m older and thinking back onto the work I ’ve done , I will always remember the conversations I am having with Nate as we discuss the direction of the book , what could happen and the laughter of us cracking each other up .
In every sense , this book is a team effort .
NC : It has been SO much fun .
I ’ll call Chris , who ’s busy running his lettering company , and demand he turn in some pages .
He ’ll say what he ’s thinking , then I ’ll throw in some stuff , and we beat out the story , five pages at a time , and send that off to Ig Guara ( the penciler ) to draw .
It ’s been so fun and organic , making a four - issue story that takes place in about 25 real - time minutes
GeekDad :
Who ’s your favorite Pet Avenger , and why ?
CE : Frog Thor .
There ’s just something cool about a frog with god - like powers and speaking in classic English .
It ’s goofy , but just on the edge of really cool .
NC : Yeah , THROG is the bee ’s knees .
If there is any kind of higher power , we ’re bringing him back in SOME capacity .
He ’s the only way to make Thor cool .
GeekDad : Nate , what do you usually look for creatively when you are editing a title directed specifically to kids ?
NC : I close my eyes and remember the comics I would sneak into bed when I was little and read by nightlight , before my mom would catch me and take the comics away .
It ’s really not hard .
Kids are just smaller versions of adults .
They ’re smart , they just do n’t know all of their words yet .
So if you throw a sophisticated story at them , they ’ll get it , they just wo n’t know why .
And always always ALWAYS I try to throw in words that little kids have probably never seen before .
Comics are such a great way to teach kids , even if they do n’t know it ’s happening .
I used to love reading a comic , not understand a word , and have to go look it up .
Comics can make kids inquisitive and engender them with words and concepts for the first time .
That , and …y ’know , they ’re fun .
( or they SHOULD be )
GeekDad : Chris , what ’s your creative process when crafting a story aimed at a younger set of comics readers ?
CE : Having twin nine - year - olds , I know what they like and do n’t like .
I have the demographic sitting in my house , but mostly I try to come up with things that I think are cool .
Luckily , the things I think are cool are things that kids enjoy .
I do n’t know what that says about me , but there you go .
GeekDad :
How was it finding an artist for__ Lockjaw & the Pet Avengers__ ?
Were you looking for a specific style or anything ?
CE : Most super - hero comic artists come up drawing heroes and people , not animals and sometimes you can see it .
When they draw children that look like small adults or animals that do n’t quite look real , you can see it .
So , Nate had come to me with a few different people , but when he showed me Ig ’s pages of a fight with a dinosaur , I was sold .
And when we started getting pages , it was heaven .
He does realistic - looking animals that show emotion and movement .
We lucked out .
NC : I pretty much always wanted Ig .
He ’s got this pliable style that works with both drama and comedy , and the Marvel Adventures the Avengers issue he did featuring Ka-Zar and a whooooooooole bunch of dinosaurs sealed the deal .
Spectacular storytelling , perfect expressions for the animals without going over - the - top cartoony .
And I ’ve got to mention Chris Sotomayor ’s color .
Soto ’s coloring straight from Ig ’s pencils , no inker .
He ’s drawing environments and building depth that ’s not necessarily on the page .
It ’s just a great collaboration .
Definitely one of the prettiest books I ’ve every worked on .
GeekDad :
What ’s next for you guys ... what else do you have going on ?__
__
CE : Working on new Franklin Richards books , and getting ready to grovel to Nate to let me do more writing .
Also , in October , IDW is releasing a trade collection of my old self - published book , Desperate Times .
NC : Waiting for Chris to start groveling , so I can remind him he ’s late on his scripting deadlines .
I edit ( deep breath ) Marvel Adventures Spider - Man , Marvel Adventures Super Heroes , Marvel Adventures Fantastic Four , Marvel Adventures The Avengers , Uncanny X - Men First Class , Wolverine First Class , Franklin Richards , Super Hero Squad , Wonderful World of Oz , Pride and Prehudice , and all of Marvel ’s Custom Books ( see the latest issue of * XXL Magazine * for the long - anticipated Eminem / Punisher team - up we ’ve ALL been waiting for ) .
And I ’ll help out on Hulk and Agents of Atlas when I have a little free time .
GeekDad__ :
What titles on the market would you recommend to GeekDads and GeekMoms out there ?__
CE : The Marvel Adventures line is fun and cool for the kids , my kids love Mini Marvels as well as Tiny Titans .
One book I ’m looking forward to is the second volume of Amulet .
Really good stuff .
NC : EVERY child should own The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck , by Don Rosa .
It is epic and hilarious and works on SO many levels .
It ’s a flawless example of large - scale storytelling .
Also , for Spider - fans , find the trade for Untold Tales of Spider - Man , by Kurt Busiek and Pat Olliffe .
I ’m not a huge Spidey fan , but this book ’s really great for kids as a first example of a teenager that ’s in over his head .
GeekDad : Oh , yeah …
Hey Chris , before you go , could you tell us a bit about your webcomic Misery Loves Sherman ?
CE : I do a daily webcomic , very similar in style to newspaper strips , every weekday for free online .
It ’s my warped view of the world staring a nervous little boy and the two aliens and the miniature - sized Grim Reaper that live with him .
I ’ve gotten great feedback and plan to have a collection out in the near future .
GeekDad__ : And Nate , editor extraordinaire , what other Marvel titles aimed at younger kids are coming out in the next couple months you would like to recommend to our readers ?__
NC : Got a couple other All Ages minis coming out later this year : Iron Man & the Armor Wars and Spider - Man & the Secret Wars .
Should be SUPER fun .
Also , we ’ve retooled Marvel Adventures Spider - Man as of # 53 , by Paul Tobin and Matteo Lolli , with covers by Skottie Young .
The idea is to kinda treat Pete Parker a little more realistically , but no less fun .
He ’s just a kid , trying as hard as he can to do the right thing .
He ca n’t go out EVERY night and fight crime .
And when he does , he does n’t always have a cute thing to say .
Paul ’s done a great job of making Pete a more relatable kid , dealing with life .
My hope is that it gives the same vibe I got from Chuck Dixon ’s Robin and Mark Waid ’s Impulse runs … the idea of “ this kid ’s just like me…he just wears a mask . ”
Thanks for taking the time to answer these questions for GeekDad , Chris and Nate !
I ’d also like to thank Marvel for being so cool and helping to put this together .
Have fun picking up your comics this week !
For more information on Lockjaw & the Pet Avengers # 1 please follow this link .
A Superior Court judge has issued a tentative ruling ordering the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power to repay its customers nearly $ 30 million that city officials had hoped to spend on other services .
The tentative ruling , which was issued last week , said the DWP ’s long - standing practice of moving money from its water fund into the city ’s general fund -- which pays for such services as police , fire protection , street maintenance and libraries -- violates provisions of the anti-tax measure Proposition 218 .
The ruling calls on the city to recalculate its water rates for the 2006 - 07 fiscal year -- when the money was collected -- and give customers either refunds or credits on future bills .
If upheld , the decision would represent a major victory for the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Assn. , which said the state Constitution bars municipal utilities from overcharging ratepayers for water and then using the surplus to pay for other city programs .
Advertisement
“ They can only charge those customers for the commodity that they ’re selling to them , ” said Tim Bittle , the group ’s lawyer .
The Apartment Assn. of Greater Los Angeles also opposed the transfer .
The city has until Thursday to respond to the proposed decision .
“ We have received the tentative ruling and are studying its ramifications , ” DWP General Manager H. David Nahai said in a prepared statement .
Advertisement
For years , mayors and council members have relied on transfers from the DWP to address the city ’s budget woes .
Last year , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the City Council agreed to take $ 196 million from the utility ’s electrical power fund .
In 2007 , the DWP went to court to determine whether transfers from the water fund would withstand judicial scrutiny under Proposition 218 , which was crafted by the Howard Jarvis group and passed in 1996 .
Because the transfers from the water fund were considered legally vulnerable , the DWP held off on moving the money to the general fund and did not spend it .
Since the money has been collected over three years , more than $ 100 million could be due to ratepayers by the time the litigation is resolved , Bittle said .
Advertisement
--
david.zahniser@latimes.com
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon spent Saturday in Sri Lanka pressing for political reconciliation and full humanitarian access for displaced people in camps , following Colombo 's declaration of victory over Tamil Tigers rebels .
The BBC's UN correspondent Laura Trevelyan was travelling with Mr Ban and sent this report .
Menik Farm camp houses some 200,000 people
The Menik Farm camp in northern Sri Lanka has a distinctly military air for a place which is housing more than 200,000 people displaced by the fighting .
There is barbed wire everywhere , and camouflage - clad soldiers who are not at all keen on journalists speaking to those inside the camp .
As Mr Ban arrived amid a cloud of dust generated by his helicopter to see for himself the conditions in which people are living , there was an official welcome .
Next came a presentation by Sri Lankan officials , about how well run the camp is .
Screening
Yet there is clearly overcrowding here .
Gerson Brandao , from the UN's office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs , explained that on one plot of land more than 74,000 people were living in a space designed for half that number .
It was a very sobering visit , very sad and very moving
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon
How Sri Lanka 's military won Humanitarian challenge Winning the peace Eyewitness : Treating the Tigers Mr Ban came to press the Sri Lankan government to allow the UN and aid agencies full humanitarian access to the camps and to call for those inside to have freedom of movement .
The Sri Lankan government will not let the mostly Tamil people here leave yet .
They are screening them to make sure they are not a security risk ( i.e. Tamil Tigers who might begin to fight again ) .
The UN says people must be allowed to reunite with their families .
Sri Lanka 's Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama told me the screening process is on course and when it is over the resettlement will begin .
What about allowing agencies full access to people here , I asked Mr Bogollagama .
" You can see how much humanitarian access people are enjoying , " answered .
" People here were denied their basic human rights by the LTTE [ Tamil Tigers ] . "
Malnourished patients
Mr Ban was serenaded by well turned out children waving Sri Lankan flags .
The camp floor was neatly swept , there were flowers in the gardens .
A huge sign welcomed Mr Ban " to our motherland " .
Some of the patients in a makeshift hospital were clearly malnourished
Yet there was no disguising the agony here .
Women spoke of walking through water to escape the fighting , being shelled from both sides , by the government and the Tamil Tigers .
In a makeshift hospital Mr Ban saw elderly , malnourished patients lying on cot beds in the open air , drips attached , flies buzzing round their heads .
A few looked close to death .
Mr Ban was clearly moved by what he saw , describing himself as saddened and humbled .
He praised the Sri Lankan government for the help it is providing , while saying it lacked capacity - diplomatic code that more can be done .
' Vision of hell '
From the camp we were off by helicopter once again - this time to see the conflict zone itself - by Mullaitivu .
Mr Ban was flown over the area where the rebels made their last stand
We were the first international journalists to see the scene of the final days of the fighting .
The tiny spit of land in north - eastern Sri Lanka could be a beach paradise .
Instead it is like a vision of hell .
Houses have been destroyed , buses blown up , palm trees devastated , and there are craters in the beach .
On the sand I saw row after row of tents .
People lived in these cramped conditions , allegedly used by the Tamil Tigers as a human shield while the Sri Lankan military closed in .
Mr Ban did not land and look around the conflict zone .
As a guest of the Sri Lankan authorities , he was well aware of the risk of being used by the government to portray international support for their military victory .
So he flew over instead , looking from the safety of the sky .
Joint statement From there , Mr Ban went on to meet President Rajapaksa .
UN officials were hoping to underline with him the importance of winning the peace as well as the war , by reaching out to Tamils and giving them rights in a comprehensive political settlement .
" If issues of reconciliation and social inclusion are not dealt with , history could repeat itself , " warned Mr Ban .
The two men issued a joint statement after their meeting .
On the situation in the camps , the statement said the government would continue to provide access to humanitarian agencies , which did not acknowledge that it was not quite doing that .
President Rajapaksa says he will begin talks with all parties - including the Tamils - to bring about lasting peace .
Mr Ban in his dogged way has prodded the Sri Lankan government to address the concerns about the camps and work for reconciliation .
The test of his influence is whether anything here changes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gambling is primarily about winning big .
We all want that big hit
Series 1 Episode 7 - Delicious and cheap - November 26 2006 Ads by Project Wonderful !
Your ad could be here , right now .
As most of those who read Sustainable Ink regularly know , I ’ve been an advocate for transparency in everything individuals and companies do .
I ’m pleased to share an article that Diana Verde Nieto ( CEO of Clownfish , a sustainability and communications consultancy based in the U.K. ) wrote for Advertising Age , titled : The Four C’s of Survival : How Sustainable Communications Can Help You Get Through the Recession .
I ’m glad to see that Diana shares and is promoting some of the values and principles that I have always believed are essential ingredients of a credible , robust sustainability program , and I hope you enjoy the article .
Here ’s a downloadable version of the article .
Best wishes for a happy and healthy Memorial Day Holiday .
Anna Petrova Ilieva - Alikaj / EyeEm / Getty Images
Graying hair is a part of aging that will affect everyone at some point in their lives .
Any hair can turn gray , and that goes for pubic hair , too .
Finding your first gray hair down there can be quite a shock , but you can return it to its natural color .
Personal upkeep and grooming is a bit of a taboo subject , but it 's something everyone deals with .
If you decide to color your pubic hair , know that it is not recommended by health care professionals .
Skin irritation and infections can occur , so it 's important to closely follow safety tips ( see below ) to prevent any problems from occurring .
You may also want to try a specific pubic hair dye that is free of ammonia and paraben .
What You Need
Hair color product ( preferably ammonia - free and paraben - free )
Hair color applicator brush , if not included with your hair color product
Petroleum jelly
Moisturizing shampoo
Washcloth or loofah
Astringent , such as Sea Breeze or witch hazel
Cotton balls
Before You Get Started
Find an at - home hair coloring kit that closely matches the natural color of your pubic hair .
Box hair color can be found at hair and beauty supply stores and drugstores .
Your hair color kit will include instructions on how to perform a skin patch test .
Even if you 've already used hair color products without side effects , whether at home or in a professional salon , be sure to perform a skin patch test to check for any potential allergic reactions , just in case .﻿﻿
After successfully completing the patch test without any reactions , you 're ready to get started .
How to Color Your Pubic Hair
This procedure can also be used to color any type of body hair on either men or women .
Do not attempt to use this method to color eyebrows or eyelashes .﻿﻿
If you want to color your eyebrows or eyelashes , consult a licensed , experienced cosmetologist who is able to safely color these areas .
Use a small amount of petroleum jelly to cover sensitive areas such as the vulva , labia , penis , and scrotum to prevent potential skin irritation .
Do n't apply petroleum jelly to the gray pubic hair you want to color .
Thoroughly read the package 's instructions and put on the gloves included with the hair dye kit .
Mix the hair color according to the directions and add an equal amount of moisturizing shampoo .
This will help to dilute the dye and make it a little less irritating on the skin .
Stir together until the hair dye and shampoo are completely blended .
Gently and generously apply the hair dye to your pubic hair .
Use the brush applicator that came with the kit .
If the kit does n't include a brush , use a paintbrush .
Do not rub the hair dye into your skin and do not allow any excess hair dye to seep into the sensitive inner genital area where you applied petroleum jelly .
Let the color sit for as long as the directions dictate .
This could be anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes .
If you experience any painful burning or irritation , wash the dye off immediately .
If you do n't achieve the color you want the first time around , try again at least a week later .
Before you make another attempt , you need to be sure you do n't have any skin irritation or infection .
The next time you try coloring your pubic hair , let the color sit for five to 10 minutes longer before washing it out .
A quick and easy way to wash out the hair color is by taking a warm shower .
Once the dye is rinsed away , use body wash and a washcloth or loofah to remove excess petroleum jelly .
You will likely have excess hair color on your skin .
Remove it with cotton balls and an astringent such as Sea Breeze or witch hazel .
Hair Color Safety Tips
The safest way to dye gray pubic hair is by visiting a hair salon that offers this type of service .
Check with your salon or other salons near you to find a licensed and experienced professional who can safely color your pubic hair .
Limit your coloring to the hair on your pubic bone rather than hair that extends further down around your genitals .
This will help keep the dye away from the most sensitive areas .
You should always perform a skin patch test prior to attempting to dye pubic hair , even if you 've never had a negative reaction to products in the past .﻿﻿
The patch test is extremely important because you 're dealing with the extra-sensitive genital area .
It will be a lot less painful to experience skin irritation on your inner arm than in your genital area .
Imagine waking up one day and finding yourself in the middle of a burning crater , destroyed buildings and dead people everywhere .
You soon learn that you are no longer like other humans .
Electricity courses through your body , endowing you with superpowers and , by extension , the power to control the fates of those around you .
Will you become a noble hero , striving to bring peace to a city in ruins ?
Or will you lash out in anger , crushing the weak humans who are no longer your equals ?
In Infamous , the choice is yours .
These moral dilemmas intertwine your fate with that of the city , but it 's the amazing freedom that makes this experience so incredible .
From unleashing electrical blasts to corral your enemies , to scaling the highest skyscrapers with finesse and ease , Infamous lets you seamlessly control the powered - up hero you 've always wanted to be .
The buggy visuals and gameplay glitches can't quite live up to the excellent action , but the overall experience crushes these small problems like so many petty criminals .
It 's not easy being a superhero , but it is an absolute blast .
A powerful bomb has exploded in Empire City , bringing the thriving island metropolis to its knees .
Gangs now rule the streets , causing cops and citizens alike to cower in fear , and a deadly pandemic has forced the government to quarantine the whole area .
At the center of the cataclysmic blast is Cole , an ordinary bicycle messenger .
Of course , he is n't so ordinary anymore .
The explosion killed thousands and leveled buildings like they were fragile card houses , but it gave him superpowers .
Cole can shoot lightning bolts from his fingertips and withstand an inordinate amount of punishment , so he is the one who must track down the bombers and bring order to the city .
The story is rooted firmly in typical comic - book struggles , but the characters are so well developed , the problems so believable , that the deeper you plunge into the conspiracy the more fascinating it gets .
As the story pushes you toward the chilling conclusion , you 'll become completely immersed in this universe .
The cutscenes add to this impact , employing stylish , animated illustrations that would be equally at home in a comic - book .
However , the story is not just a static tale of vengeance and betrayal .
You have a choice in how it plays out , which gives you a strong connection to the events , sucking you further into the world .
Whenever Cole is faced with a moral decision , the action pauses and Cole spells out his thoughts to you .
Should he let the hungry citizens eat the government - delivered food , or scare them off and take it all for his friends ?
The abrupt stop in the action lacks the immediate impact that a more organic choice would have given , but it makes you face the consequences head on , forcing you to consider both sides of the coin before brashly rushing in .
The problems are often black and white , presenting a clear path toward being a superhero or villain , but there are a few twists to the classic formula that make the problems feel much more authentic .
There is n't always an obvious good or evil route , so you 'll have to put yourself in Cole 's shoes , decide how you want the situation to play out , and live with the consequences -- both in how the story plays out and in the look of the city itself .
Do n't mess with the guy with superpowers .
Lesson learned .
Empire City is split into three large islands , and by the end of the game , you 'll be able to travel across the whole city , jumping into missions or on top of buildings without restrictions .
Moving around the city feels almost perfect , given that the ease of climbing and leaping makes the whole world burst with possibilities .
You can easily grab on to windows , pipes , and other fixtures on the outside of buildings , which makes climbs from the dirty streets to the breezy rooftop quick and painless .
There 's a slight stickiness to Cole 's leaps , so when you jump close to objects that you can grab , you 'll be pulled into their path .
This simple mechanic makes sliding along thin wires or bouncing across tiny posts incredibly fun , letting you worry more about where you want to go rather than how you 're going to get there .
As you progress through the game , you unlock the ability to glide through the air and grind railroad tracks , which makes the already dynamic movement even more freeing .
The whole system is so immediately satisfying that it 's possible to get lost in this huge metropolis for hours , joyfully dashing across towering buildings , skating along railroad tracks , and shimmying up lampposts .
Although leaping from building to building is a blast on its own , there are worthwhile goodies hidden around the city that give you a tangible reason to explore every nook and cranny .
There are 350 blast shards scattered in all sorts of odd places , and collecting them gives you the ability to store more electricity , which means that you have even more power with which to zap enemies and innocent bystanders .
There are also drop points scattered across the three islands that give important details about the events that unfolded before the bomb changed everything .
To find these hidden items , you need only tap L3 and they will appear on your radar , eliminating the frustration of having to hunt down hundreds of collectables .
However , it 's when you start tracking down these items that a slight problem with the movement crops up .
The stickiness of your jumps is great when you 're sprinting across rooftops , but it makes landing in precise locations rather tricky .
Cole latches on to everything near him , so trying to drop down a story to nab a tucked - away shard can be trying at times .
The benefit of being pulled into every climbable object far outweighs this slight annoyance , but it can be grating when you just want to grab a tiny ledge and Cole 's sticky fingers wo n't obey .
The combat is as seamless and enjoyable as the exploration , which keeps the action consistently thrilling .
You start with a standard electrical blast that subdues citizens and criminals rather quickly , but you unlock even more powerful tricks throughout the game , which keeps the combat varied and intense .
Sticky grenades , high - powered rockets , and an impressive shockwave blast can all be integrated into your normal fight routine with ease , which makes it possible to exterminate your foes in creative and sadistic ways .
The controls for the combat are spot -on , ensuring that you can never blame the game if you miss a headshot or accidentally zap a friendly doctor instead of a crazed gunman .
As you complete missions and kill enemies , you earn experience points , which are used to upgrade your already impressive abilities .
Although the core moves do n't differ drastically between good and evil characters , the upgrades throw in some interesting twists .
For instance , as a good guy , Cole can use his grenades to handcuff weaker enemies to the ground , whereas his evil side can split grenades into multiple parts , creating more potent blasts .
Cole always travels in style , even in cutscenes .
Though you have superstrength and the ability to conduct electricity , this game is n't a cakewalk .
Whether you 're good or evil , the city is overflowing with enemies , which forces you to be alert even when walking casually down the street .
Bad guys perch atop buildings armed with high - powered sniper rifles and rocket launchers , and they are crack shots with plenty of ammunition .
If you 're not careful , you will die often , but the difficulty never seems unfair .
The versatile combat system lets you attack the hostiles in a number of unique ways .
For instance , in one mission , you must bombard a specific building .
You can move in slowly , taking out the surrounding villains as meticulously as possible and clearing an open path to unleash your destructive power .
Or if you 're feeling adventurous , you can grind a nearby railroad track , toss handfuls of grenades and missiles as you glide by , and destroy your mark without bothering with the surrounding humans .
The versatility of the fights combined with a forgiving checkpoint system ensure that , even when the odds are stacked against you , there is always a way to weather the storm .
The missions are as varied as the ways in which you can approach them .
There are quests that focus on exploration , pure combat , careful tracking , deft platforming , escorting important people , and various combinations thereof .
The most rousing is an intense battle in a prison courtyard .
Powerful enemies swarm from all sides , filling the screen with fire and explosions .
You toss grenades and missiles into the fray , conjure shockwaves to slow down the onslaught , and then slink behind cover to take a breather .
It 's intense and thrilling , cleverly mixing every element of the game into a superb blend of chaos and fun .
The side missions provide an interesting respite from the exhilarating main missions , giving you bite - sized tasks that clean up sections of the city when you finish them .
Certain side missions force you to choose between two morally aligned tasks .
Completing the good one will make the evil one unavailable , and vice versa .
Not only are these missions satisfying , but they further reinforce your moral standing and make the two sides of the karmic coin feel unique .
Cole 's good guy act of the day : making sewers enjoyable .
The visuals cannot quite match the thrilling combat and amazing exploration , but they do a fine job of bringing this chaotic city to life .
Cole is nicely detailed and impressively animated ; he leaps and climbs with silky - smooth moves .
The lighting is also quite well done .
During some missions ,
Cole must enter the sewers to power up darkened districts of the city , and these sections are stunning .
The light dances against the murky water and dank walls , creating an eerie yet inviting view of the slinkiest place in the city .
Fire is also brilliantly realized , which makes it a joy to cause cars and toxic barrels to combust .
Not everything looks so good , though .
The other characters do n't have the same believable animation as Cole , which makes the in - game cutscenes feel pretty sloppy .
The buildings and roads have a hazy look , and textures jarringly pop in as you quickly leap across the city .
There are also a number of graphical glitches .
Cole will walk through railings and other solid objects all too often , the frame rate struggles when the screen is brimming with effects , and there are far too many jagged edges .
Empire City may not be the prettiest place , but what it lacks in stunning beauty it makes up for in pure entertainment .
One of the most remarkable aspects of Infamous is how it continually improves throughout the quest .
The pacing is excellent .
It doles out new abilities , introduces powerful story twists , and concocts exhilarating missions at a steady rate , which means the game never loses steam during the course of the lengthy adventure .
And when the credits finally roll , you 'll just want to keep playing , to see what the other morality choices reveal and to squeeze every ounce of entertainment from this amazing world .
Infamous is an exhilarating and incredibly fun open - world game .
Citrix made a number of announcements last week related to Mac and iPhone .
While most of these announcements were targeted specifically towards IT / enterprise customers , one announcement has more potential mainstream significance .
To start , Citrix released a free iPhone app called Citrix Receiver [ App Store ] which is a secure client application that allows you to run Windows applications over a Citrix network .
It offers a more efficient method of transmission than VNC and should offer better performance .
The app is available for free in the App Store and is intended for existing Citrix customers .
Citrix also unveiled an " App Store " for IT applications called Dazzle allowing managers to offer specific applications to their clients on both Mac and Windows .
Dazzle and the Receiver application for Macintosh wo n't be available until the second half of this year .
Perhaps most interesting , however , was Citrix 's demo of their new virtualization solution XenClient for the Mac.
Virtualization is the process by which you can run multiple operating systems simultaneously on a single computer .
It has been frequently used on the Mac to run Microsoft 's Windows in conjunction with Mac OS X. Citrix first started publicizing their plans for a new kind of Virtualization called " Type 1 hypervisor " back in January .
The technology promises to offer a faster and more secure virtualization environment than existing solutions .
Parallel 's and VMWare 's solutions are considered " Type 2 hypervisors " which must run under a host operating system such as Mac OS X .
While this simplifies the implementation , it also results in potential security vulnerabilities as well as a performance penalty due to the added level of abstraction .
In contrast , " Type 1 hypervisors " run directly on the " bare metal " hardware .
This video ( above ) shows this software running on a PC and naturally focuses on security and IT usage , but does touch on the fact that each virtual environment has full access to the 3D hardware .
Traditionally , these features have been handicapped on virtual machines , requiring Mac users to reboot to take full advantage .
A video from the Citrix keynote event showing a brief Mac demo is available and starts at 42 minutes in .
Citrix did not give an exact release date for the Mac version of XenClient .
What this means to the average consumer , however , is n't entirely clear .
The creation of such a low - level virtualization solution apparently required a close partnership with Intel and we 're not certain if other solutions will be able to easily mimic the functionality .
The government has suspended ties with Britain 's largest Muslim group and demanded that one of its leaders should be removed from office for allegedly supporting violence against Israel .
The news comes on the eve of the launch of a major government strategy aimed at fostering closer ties with Muslims to help counter the threat of Islamist terrorism .
The launch tomorrow of Contest 2 , the government 's revised counter - terrorism strategy , comes after ministers decided to stop engaging with the Muslim Council of Britain ( MCB ) .
The council 's deputy secretary - general , Daud Abdullah , signed a declaration last month that the government and critics of the MCB have interpreted as calling for violence against Israel and condoning attacks on British troops .
The declaration followed a meeting in Istanbul of clerics and other Muslim leaders from around the world to discuss strategy after Israel 's attacks on Gaza .
Hazel Blears , secretary of state for communities and local government , wrote to the MCB saying Abdullah should be asked to " resign his post " for signing a statement that supported Hamas and celebrated its " victory " against " this malicious Jewish Zionist war over Gaza " .
Muslims who are sceptical of government anti-terror plans say they cannot think of any other occasion where a cabinet minister has tried to dictate to a religious group about the composition of its leadership .
Abdullah , speaking for the first time about the row , told the Guardian he would not be standing down .
He said of his views : " If British troops were to engage in a breach of international law , it is up to the people of the territory to decide what to do .
But as I understand it , under international law , it is their right to resist . "
He defended signing the statement , saying : " It made no specific mention of attacks on British troops .
The statement does say if foreign troops enter Gaza 's territorial waters , it is the duty of Muslims to resist , as it would be seen as assisting the siege . "
Later , in an email , Abdullah said : " I did not and do not condone calls for attacks on British troops .
" The British government has not deployed troops to the territorial waters of Gaza and I do not believe it or our parliament would endorse any breach of international law .
" Any discussions about what should or would happen is hypothetical and I cannot speculate . "
Blears demanded that the MCB remove Abdullah from office and demanded to know what its leaders planned to do by today .
In her letter , dated 13 March , Blears wrote : " In light of the MCB 's unequivocal stance on violence , it would seem that Dr Abdullah 's position as the deputy secretary - general would be incompatible with his recent actions . "
Blears 's letter notes that the MCB would be investigating the matter , but says she was breaking links with the group , which was once seen as vital by the government to building better relations with British Muslims : " Whilst your investigation is ongoing and the matter remains unresolved I feel that it is only appropriate for us to suspend our engagement with the Muslim Council of Britain pending its outcome . "
In a statement , the communities and local government department said : " We ... are very concerned that the statement from the event calls for direct support for acts of violence in the Middle East and beyond .
" We are concerned that the MCB have so far not recognised the gravity of this situation .
If it is proven that the individual concerned had been a signatory , we would expect them to ask him to resign and for the MCB to confirm their opposition to acts of violent extremism . "
An MCB spokesman today condemned the government for trying to interfere in its internal affairs and said the cabinet minister 's demand would be ignored : " The MCB is a democratic organisation , with its own affiliates , and they decide who its representatives are , and not Ms Blears . "
The Istanbul declaration said : " The obligation of the Islamic Nation [ is ] to regard the sending of foreign warships into Muslim waters , claiming to control the borders and prevent the smuggling of arms to Gaza , as a declaration of war , a new occupation , sinful aggression , and a clear violation of the sovereignty of the Nation .
This must be rejected and fought by all means and ways . "
During the Gaza conflict , Gordon Brown suggested sending forces to help stop weapons smuggling into Gaza .
Advertisements
Last night on CNN , Liz Cheney revealed that her father former vice president Dick Cheney is speaking out in defense of torture right now because he is afraid of being prosecuted for war crimes .
Apparently , the person that Cheney is most interested in protecting is himself .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
Cheney said , “ I do n’t think he planned to be doing this , you know , when they left office in January .
But I think , as it became clear that President Obama was not only going to be stopping some of these policies , that he was going to be doing things like releasing the — the techniques themselves , so that the terrorists could now train to them , that he was suggesting that perhaps we would even be prosecuting former members of the Bush administration . ”
I do n’t think anybody should be surprised that a man who is motivated by , and motivates others , with fear is frightened of prosecution .
Cheney is on the attack , not out some desire to protect the nation , he is trying to save his own legacy , and keep his butt out of prison .
Guys with heart conditions do n’t do well in the old pokey .
Every once in a while a little bit of truth manages to sneak through , the GOP argument in favor of torture .
Medicare 's strong performance in consumer satisfaction , access to care , and other areas suggests that many adults under age 65 would choose a public health insurance option if it were offered as part of health reform
Bethesda , MD -- Elderly Medicare beneficiaries are more satisfied with their health care , and experience fewer problems accessing and paying for care , than Americans with employer - sponsored insurance ( ESI ) , according to a study by Commonwealth Fund researchers published today on the Health Affairs Web site .
The study is based on data from the Commonwealth Fund 2007 Biennial Health Insurance Survey , a nationally representative survey of 3,501 adults age 19 and older conducted between June 4 and October 24 , 2007 .
The gap between consumers ' ratings of Medicare and ESI has widened since a similar survey in 2001 .
" Right now , policymakers are debating whether to offer a public health insurance plan to those under 65 as part of comprehensive health reform .
Our results show that , in important ways , Medicare serves the elderly more effectively than employer - sponsored coverage serves its enrollees .
If given the opportunity , many adults under age 65 would likely select a public health insurance option , " said lead author Karen Davis , president of the Commonwealth Fund .
The favorable ratings given Medicare by beneficiaries suggest that they are fundamentally more satisfied with their coverage relative to those with ESI , say Davis and coauthors Stuart Guterman , Michelle Doty , and Kristof Stremikis .
Thirty - seven percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries rated their coverage as excellent , versus 20 percent of the employer group .
Meanwhile , only 8 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries rated their insurance as " fair " or " poor , " compared with 18 percent of those with ESI .
Survey results demonstrate that Medicare beneficiaries are less likely than those with private coverage to report negative experiences with their insurance plans -- including having expensive medical bills for noncovered services , being charged a lot more than insurance would pay , and physicians ' not taking their insurance .
For example , only 10 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries said their physician did n't take their insurance , versus 17 percent of those with ESI and 24 percent of those with individual coverage .
This finding suggests that " Medicare 's greater purchasing power facilitates choice of physicians and access to care , despite lower provider payment rates , " Stuart Guterman , assistant vice president and director of the Commonwealth Fund 's Medicare program , pointed out .
Other study highlights include :
Access to care .
In spite of having poorer health and lower incomes than those with ESI , elderly Medicare beneficiaries were less likely ( 20 percent versus 37 percent ) to report access problems due to cost , such as not filling a prescription or not visiting a doctor for a medical problem .
Financial pressure .
Despite their lower incomes , elderly Medicare beneficiaries reported fewer problems with medical bills , such as inability to pay or being contacted by collection agencies .
Fifteen percent of them reported at least one of these problems , compared to 26 percent of those in the employer - coverage group .
Furthermore , elderly Medicare beneficiaries were no more likely than those with ESI to be devoting 5 - 10 percent of their income or more to health care .
Quality of care .
Sixty - one percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries said that they had received excellent or very good care , compared to just half of those with ESI .
Moreover , 57 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries were confident that they could get high - quality , safe care in the future , versus 46 percent of those in the employer group .
Gap Between Medicare And ESI Ratings Has Widened Since 2001
Between 2001 and 2007 , reports of access and medical - bill problems increased for all adults , whether covered by ESI or Medicare .
However , the gaps on these measures between elderly Medicare beneficiaries and adults with ESI widened during this period , after adjusting for poverty , health status , and prescription drug coverage .
" These findings may reflect some important trends between 2001 and 2007 , which was a period of rapid increases in health care costs and health insurance premiums .
The proportion of firms offering health benefits declined , and employees ' deductibles and cost sharing under employer - based coverage increased , " the Commonwealth researchers observe .
They also note that Medicare changed significantly over this period : A prescription drug benefit was added in 2003 , and the proportion of beneficiaries enrolled in private Medicare Advantage plans -- which were able to use higher payment rates to offer improved benefits -- increased from 14 percent in 2001 to 18 percent in 2007 .
###
After the embargo lifts , you can read the paper by Davis and coauthors at http://content.
healthaffairs .
org / cgi/ content / abstract / hlthaff .
28 . 4 . w521
ABOUT THE COMMONWEALTH FUND
The Commonwealth Fund is a private foundation supporting independent research on health policy reform and a high performance health system .
ABOUT HEALTH AFFAIRS :
Health Affairs , published by Project HOPE , is the leading journal of health policy .
The peer - reviewed journal appears bimonthly in print , with additional online - only papers published weekly as Health Affairs Web Exclusives at www.healthaffairs.org.
As secret missions go , this one was a flop .
On Monday morning , one of the 747s used to ferry around the U.S. president was dispatched to the Statue of Liberty , escorted by a fighter jet .
Assignment :
Get some fresh glamour shots of the plane .
The Air Force said the flight needed to remain confidential .
So while New York police knew about it , ...
Enlarge By Dan Linehan , AP
In a May 7 file photo , Colleen Hauser , right , comforts her 13 - year - old son Daniel during a press conference in New Ulm , Minn .
The Minnesota parents of a 13 - year - old boy who refused chemotherapy regained custody of their son Tuesday after agreeing to the treatments .
Minnesota Judge John Rodenberg ruled that Daniel Hauser , who has Hodgkin 's lymphoma , can stay with his parents a day after he and his mother returned home from a week on the run .
RETURN : Boy , mom who dodged chemo back in state
The two failed to show for a court appearance a week ago and left the state to avoid a court battle over treatment options .
An X - ray had shown that Daniel 's cancer had grown from when he was first diagnosed in January .
In court Tuesday , Rodenberg asked Colleen Hauser if she now believes chemotherapy is necessary to save her son's life .
" Yes I do , " she said .
Daniel quit chemotherapy after a single course in February .
His family is Catholic , but also follows the natural - healing philosophy of the Nemenhah Band , a group that believes in methods advocated by some American Indians .
James Olson , Brown County attorney , argued that Daniel should remain in protective custody .
Brown County social workers were at the hospital with the Hausers Monday and found the parents " were still very resistant to chemo , " he said .
" How can we possibly get an assurance from this family that they 're going to follow the court 's order and not going to flee again ? "
Olson said .
Attorneys for the Hausers wanted Daniel to be with his parents and seven siblings .
" This family clearly loves and cares for Danny , " attorney Tom Hagen said .
" Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a cancer of the lymph nodes .
The survival rate for people under 20 is 91 % with treatment , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Contributing : The Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The 4 - decade - long space opera that is Star Trek gets a makeover in theaters this week .
Why do we keep wanting more of this middle - aged franchise ?
Because it follows The Rules .
And here they are .
Advertisement
Many shows as old as Star Trek might find it hard to get lots of dates on a Saturday night , but not Trek .
This show has kept up its game .
That 's because the makers of Trek know and practice the Rules of Space Opera ( not to be confused with The Rules ) .
Want to get in on the secret that has made Trek the object of such longstanding adoration ?
Read and learn , cadet .
Advertisement
1 . Have a giant object in space .
I do n't care what it 's for - hopping between dimensions , eating stars , blowing up planets , harboring the ultimate embodiment of evil , or trash compacting - it needs to be GIANT .
Cameras pan along it forever .
Its shape should probably have a few spines , and at least one region covered in strange glyphs .
It should be completely unclear how such an object could move , and at some point it should be weaponized .
Bonus points if it gets blown up or taken over by pirates .
2 . Set the action in motion by plunging us into the middle of an extremely complicated astropolitical regime change .
A massive political system , comprised of hundreds of planets and coalitions , has discovered an ancient alien artifact that plunges them into war that 's waged on a thousand shorelines connected by wormholes and dimensional portals .
Or : Six different people , and their hordes of scheming alien spies , are vying for the seat of Galactic Emperor .
Now one of them has altered the timeline .
Could it have been caused by this strange venom from a creature believed to be legendary , and whose secret will require a quest to worlds uncharted ?
3 . A scrappy group of humans should be part of a rebellion that 's hidden on a cool - looking moon or tricked - out asteroid .
Rebel groups never hide in apartments .
They always have amazing underground hideaways or hidden airborne platforms on an exotic place with bizarro weather .
Eventually the Big Bads and the Rebels will blow the fuck out of each other but not until after we 've seen at least ten freaky locals near the rebel hideout and like six cool underground moon bases , which we 'll reach via a series of briefly - seen but outrageously weird images of upsidown cities hovering over purple clouds .
Advertisement
4 . There must be an enormous mothership ( which must be referred to as a mothership or maybe a base ship ) , and it must be attacked by a bunch of tiny fighter ships .
Do n't forget the tense crosstalk between the fighters , including but not limited to use of nicknames , use of made - up " futuristic " curse words , and use of breathing noises intended to sound like somebody using an oxygen tank .
One of the fighters should engage in a reckless act , like singlehandedly taking down the mothership or flying really low above it to get intelligence .
Advertisement
5 . Always fill your spaceships and intergalactic ports with random background aliens and weird - faced creatures .
Just do n't allow any of them to have lead roles .
We want to see the shiny green slavegirls and pimply hosenoses in the background , but please tell them to shut up when the humans enter the frame .
Aliens are great as long as they are helping the people of Earth , but they should know their place :
As sidekicks and extras .
Aliens who look exactly like humans - except for maybe some pointy ears or fetishistically - sculpted bodies - are allowed to be important supporting characters .
6 . Your heroes should always revisit the sites of old battles , the locations of terrible accidents , and the regions of space where their people were wiped from the face of the universe .
But only if they do n't want to .
Being reluctant to save the day is shorthand for so many space operatic things like having a dark past or conflicted motivations .
But the beauty part is that if you have a reluctant hero you do n't actually have to account for any of those pesky character traits .
You just have him say , " No , you ca n't make me go . "
And then the authority figure says , " Look , it 's your last job .
We need you .
You 're the only one who knows about this terrible region of space associated with some bad thing of yore . "
And the hero says , " Fine .
But I do n't want to . "
Instant Deep Meaning .
Advertisement
7 . If there is a male bad guy , he should have a ripped body or amazing weapons .
If there is a female bad guy , she should have a high , sparkly collar or a sidekick named something like Tigerman .
Enough said .
8 . There should be at least three types of weapon and three types of spaceship , each of which will be given a name that is used repeatedly .
" Sir , we 've got the pulse cannon ready on the Shark . "
" Well , power up the plasma rifles on the Heavy Tigers . "
" Cadet , grab your rez gun and get your ass onto that Starmasher ! "
Advertisement
9 . There should be a captain .
If there is not a captain , there should be a special agent .
If there is not a special agent , there should be a cadet with a future .
If there is no cadet with a future , there should be a mercenary with a dark past .
If there is no mercenary with a dark past , there should be a wisecracking stowaway .
If there is no wisecracking stowaway , there should be a witch .
If there is no witch , there should be a scientist .
If there is no scientist , just remake Spaceballs .
Advertisement
10 .
Somebody wise should predict something , but nobody will pay attention or be able to understand the prediction .
Nevertheless , words from the prediction will be repeated over and over throughout the space opera , in echoing voiceovers that grow increasingly portentous as the ending draws nigh .
BONUS RULE !
Male heroes get laid .
Female heroes fall in love in a way that tests their loyalties .
Aliens yearn tragically , or develop strange relationships with machines that we laugh at .
Do n't even think about robots .
The movement of Calgary Pride to September has left a weekend open in early June that , this year , the Alberta Leather Scene has claimed as their own .
“ In past years , part of Pride Weekend was a Military Ball at the Eagle and there ’s never really been a Leather Pride weekend in this city , and we thought people are looking for something to do that weekend , ” says Jim Heaton , Manager of Priape Calgary which is behind the event in cooperation with the Calgary Eagle .
So certainly mark off Friday June 5th and Saturday June 6th as an eventful weekend of fetish and fantasy .
Friday night will be a meet and greet for the leather contestants , and a fetish auction to raise money for the travel funds of the contest winners , alongside the main fare of the Mr. Rubber Calgary competition .
“ It ’s a contest for people who are rubber enthusiasts , or latex enthusiasts … where they are judged on their originality , gear , stage presence , and a private interview they have with the judges , ” explains Heaton .
Saturday promises to be equally lively , starting with a Leather Flea Market in the afternoon .
“ We ’re inviting people to bring down their slightly used or worn gear – things that do n’t fit them anymore or that they do n’t have an interest in wearing any more .
Because there are a lot of people out there who ca n’t afford $ 300 to $ 400 for a pair of leather pants , but might be able to afford $ 70 or $ 80 for a slightly used pair .
” In the evening will be the Western Canada LeatherSir and Leatherboy contest , which Heaton tells us , will be centered on a locker room theme for fantasy performances .
This promises to be dangerously sexy !
This weekend is nothing to scoff at , with the promise of 4 international title holders coming out , and as such Heaton expects this will be quite a draw for the Alberta leather community .
On the celebrity roster are International LeatherSir , Raul Mendez ; International Leatherboy , Bill Hoeppner ; International Community Bootblack , Black - Jack Pearce ; International Mr. Rubber , Stéphane Donaldson ; and Mr. Leather Toronto , Matt Pavelich .
“ For the judges we have all the international title holders .
We invited Christine Baker to be a judge as well .
Boy Alex from Toronto is coming out for the weekend and will also be a judge . ” Mr. Rubber , and Mr. LeatherSir / Leatherboy competition winners receive around $ 1000 worth of fetish clothing from InSeam , Priape Leather , and Nasty Pig ; but also win the honor of representing Western Canada in International competitions .
While LeatherSir and Leatherboy contestants will compete separately for their titles here in Calgary , they will function as a duo in the International contest .
Proceeds from the fetish auction , and a percentage of sales from the Leather Flea Market go toward the travel fund for contestants , to ensure that the costs are covered for them to represent our region .
Heaton says contest winners can also represent and rally the leather / fetish community locally .
“ There ’s hope that they ’ll help out at fetish weekends … make sure that they support the events locally .
Help with ticket sales , door prizing , things like that .
” Those wishing to compete in either competition are asked to sign up either in person at the Calgary Eagle or Priape Store , or online at the Priape website ( details below ) .
You do n’t have to be part of the scene to come out and enjoy these events .
The Leather Pride Weekend will be a great opportunity to see what the leather / fetish community is about , mingle with some interesting people , and even score some gear of your own .
Pelajari cara download subtitle di YouTube dengan mudah dan bahkan bisa dilakukan tanpa aplikasi .
Cara ini bisa dilakukan melalui Android , iPhone maupun laptop .
Salah satu fitur yang banyak digunakan ketika …
Do you want to enter the blogosphere like a quiet librarian enters a classroom , or do you want to rock the stage ?
I am definitely one to rock stuff out and in this article I will share a few tips to help you make an attention grabbing launch .
If you want to give your blog an exciting launch , your blog needs to be valuable to your target audience , otherwise your hard work will be in vain .
Ask yourself this simple question “ Does my blog provide something that a thousand other blogs do n’t ? ”
If you do n’t have something special to offer , no one will care when you launch or how you launch .
There will always be a certain category of blogs that will not qualify for a special launch and it is up to you to determine if your blog fits that category .
Now let ’s look at 10 ways that you can launch your new blog with a ‘ bang ’ .
1. Prepare amazing content in advance
Do you want a guaranteed way to launch with a bang ?
Prepare amazing content before you launch .
I am not talking about a quick general post , I want you to take the time of your life to create the most astounding post you have ever come across .
Get some early feedback on the first article and if you do n’t get a positive enthusiastic reply , store your article for later and work on something that would give your audience the ‘ wow ’ factor .
If your message is not worth spreading then millions in advertising will also fail you .
The most true and tried method of creating hype surrounding your blog is by creating some really good content and letting the users do the talking .
If you can successfully amaze ten people and get them excited about your blog , you can expect them to share your blog with a 100 more people and this process would go on until the hype expires .
The idea is to convince your first visitors that they have come across a truly great new blog and they absolutely have to share it .
No one will share a blog that has poor content or no content at all .
If you want a real head start , you will need some truly refreshing content that urges your readers to share it .
2 . Run a viral twitter campaign
@yourblogname is giving away a free iPod Nano at http://is.gd/lvxv
– RT this message to participate !
This would be a smart campaign , extremely effective and easy to deploy .
Just ensure that the prize you offer is exciting enough for someone to re-tweet your message .
You might think that an iPod is just way too much to give away for a Twitter contest but what you want to create is a viral tweet and an iPod Nano will be enough to grab the attention of a lot of Twitter users .
If you do n’t have the budget to give away an iPod , do n’t dispair .
Some cold calling and email and you ’d usually be able to find a sponsor who is willing to give something away in exchange for some exposure .
3. Provide incentives to early subscribers
I have seen this work very well on many blogs where bloggers usually give away a digital product like an eBook or an icon set to all the users who subscribe to their blog .
This will give your visitor the push needed for them to subscribe .
If you can offer a valuable freebie that is related to your target audience , it can radically improve your subscriber count in a very short time .
If you do n’t have something worthy to offer your subscribers you might as well not offer anything at all .
Make it worthwhile .
4 . Hold a contest
Holding a contest gives your blog an interactive element rather than being a one way conversation , you can challenge your users and allow them to be part of your community .
Your contest should challenge a user into participating rather than bribing them into participating .
A contest should be exciting to your target audience , it should n’t be complicated , but do n’t make it too easy either .
If you have a design blog for example , you might consider hosting some sort of design competition and give away a brand new Macbook to the winning entry .
This will surely turn some heads and help your branding efforts .
5 . Run a brute - force ad campaign
What ’s better than one ad on one blog ?
A lot of ads on a lot of blogs at the same time !
A lot of new blogs are coming in with investor backing and have the money to start big .
If you are one of them and want a head start , then an advertisement campaign will do just that .
Instead of buying one advertisement for one year on a single blog , buy 10 adverts on several related blogs for the month that you launch .
You cannot expect a surge of visitors just like Gucci does n’t expect a surge of customers after advertising in a magazine , but you can expect your blog to slowly turn into a brand .
6 . Host an event or a party
Show the world that you are not one to sit idle .
Call up your friends and take them out for a fancy meal , order a cake and celebrate the birth of your blog .
Depending on the scale of your blog , you might want to take this to the next level and invite anyone in your area to your launch party .
Blog about your party , as this shows your readers that you are a real person in the real world establishing a connection with them .
It gives your blog a face and makes it easier than ever to create a community around it .
7 . Give away prizes
Who does n’t like giveaways ?
You ’ve probably seen many food companies offering free tasting of their new product at supermarkets .
They usually give you a sample of their product , or offer you a freebie of some sort when you visit their stand .
This is a very efficient way of reaching out to customers who might not try their product on their own .
In our case , a blog could give away prizes for commenting , subscribing or becoming a Twitter follower .
This is a very common strategy among established blogs and works like a charm .
If you only have a limited amount of prizes and a lot of participants , simply choose a few winners at random to keep things fair .
You can use random.org to select a random number .
8. Promote your posts on social media
This should be done from the day you start your blog and for every new post you make .
Here is a powerful list of websites where you can submit your posts to gain some initial momentum .
Once you get the first few visitors , it is up to your visitors to take the next step .
If your post is capable of convincing the reader that it ’s worth sharing , you can expect it to get ‘ dugg ’ , bookmarked in Delicious or retweeted .
9 . Guest post on other blogs
Not everyone can afford to purchase an advert on a leading blog to get major exposure .
A great alternative is spending some time and create great content for other well known blogs and get paid for it .
Guest posting is a great way to make some money and get some exposure .
Write an article for a high profile blog and ask them to publish it in the first week of your launch if possible .
You can now introduce your new blog at the end of your guest post .
10 . Interact with your user base
Bloggers can get so engulfed in getting new readers that they forget about the readers that they already have .
Interacting with your user base is an excellent way to expand your community as users who like your blog are already on it and these are the same users who will tell their friends about you .
So take some time off of analysing your stats and counting your diggs and simply reply to the comments left and emails received .
In addition to replying to their comments , ask your readers what they want and expect from you .
If you are a tutorial website , you might want to ask your users what tutorials they want to see next .
This makes users feel that they have a say in what you do and makes them feel attached to your website .
In Short
Get creative , do something exciting and get people to love you !
Written exclusively for WDD by Kumail .
H.T .
He is a designer , blogger & entrepreneur .
He is also the creator of soon to come InkscapeMag which is a tutorial blog for the vector program Inkscape .
Follow him on twitter or subscribe to his blog to be the first to know about the launch .
What techniques have you used to launch your blog ?
Please share them with us …
Both the left and the right say they stand for economic growth .
So should voters trying to decide between the two simply look at it as a matter of choosing alternative management teams ?
If only matters were so easy !
Part of the problem concerns the role of luck .
America 's economy was blessed in the 1990s with low energy prices , a high pace of innovation , and a China increasingly offering high - quality goods at decreasing prices , all of which combined to produce low inflation and rapid growth .
President Clinton and then - chairman of the US Federal Reserve , Alan Greenspan , deserve little credit for this – though , to be sure , bad policies could have messed things up .
By contrast , the problems faced today – high energy and food prices and a crumbling financial system – have , to a large extent , been brought about by bad policies .
There are , indeed , big differences in growth strategies , which make different outcomes highly likely .
The first difference concerns how growth itself is conceived .
Growth is not just a matter of increasing GDP .
It must be sustainable : growth based on environmental degradation , a debt - financed consumption binge , or the exploitation of scarce natural resources , without reinvesting the proceeds , is not sustainable .
Growth also must be inclusive ; at least a majority of citizens must benefit .
Trickle - down economics does not work : an increase in GDP can actually leave most citizens worse off .
America 's recent growth was neither economically sustainable nor inclusive .
Most Americans are worse off today than they were seven years ago .
But there need not be a trade - off between inequality and growth .
Governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness .
A country 's most valuable resource is its people .
So it is essential to ensure that everyone can live up to their potential , which requires educational opportunities for all .
A modern economy also requires risk - taking .
Individuals are more willing to take risks if there is a good safety net .
If not , citizens may demand protection from foreign competition .
Social protection is more efficient than protectionism .
Failures to promote social solidarity can have other costs , not the least of which are the social and private expenditures required to protect property and incarcerate criminals .
It is estimated that within a few years , America will have more people working in the security business than in education .
A year in prison can cost more than a year at Harvard .
The cost of incarcerating two million Americans – one of the highest per capita rates ( pdf ) in the world – should be viewed as a subtraction from GDP , yet it is added on .
A second major difference between left and right concerns the role of the state in promoting development .
The left understands that the government 's role in providing infrastructure and education , developing technology , and even acting as an entrepreneur is vital .
Government laid the foundations of the internet and the modern biotechnology revolutions .
In the 19th century , research at America 's government - supported universities provided the basis for the agricultural revolution .
Government then brought these advances to millions of American farmers .
Small business loans have been pivotal in creating not only new businesses , but whole new industries .
The final difference may seem odd : the left now understands markets , and the role that they can and should play in the economy .
The right , especially in America , does not .
The new right , typified by the Bush - Cheney administration , is really old corporatism in a new guise .
These are not libertarians .
They believe in a strong state with robust executive powers , but one used in defense of established interests , with little attention to market principles .
The list of examples is long , but it includes subsidies to large corporate farms , tariffs to protect the steel industry , and , most recently , the mega - bailouts of Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac .
But the inconsistency between rhetoric and reality is long - standing : protectionism expanded under Reagan , including through the imposition of so - called voluntary export restraints on Japanese cars .
By contrast , the new left is trying to make markets work .
Unfettered markets do not operate well on their own – a conclusion reinforced by the current financial debacle .
Defenders of markets sometimes admit that they do fail , even disastrously , but they claim that markets are " self - correcting . "
During the Great Depression , similar arguments were heard : the government need not do anything , because markets would restore the economy to full employment in the long run .
But , as John Maynard Keynes famously put it , in the long run we are all dead .
Markets are not self - correcting in the relevant time frame .
No government can sit idly by as a country goes into recession or depression , even when caused by the excessive greed of bankers or misjudgment of risks by security markets and rating agencies .
But if governments are going to pay the economy 's hospital bills , they must act to make it less likely that hospitalisation will be needed .
The right 's deregulation mantra was simply wrong , and we are now paying the price .
And the price tag – in terms of lost output – will be high , perhaps more than $ 1.5 trn in the US alone .
The right often traces its intellectual parentage to Adam Smith , but while Smith recognised the power of markets , he also recognised their limits .
Even in his era , businesses found that they could increase profits more easily by conspiring to raise prices than by producing innovative products more efficiently .
There is a need for strong anti-trust laws .
It is easy to host a party .
For the moment , everyone can feel good .
Promoting sustainable growth is much harder .
Today , in contrast to the right , the left has a coherent agenda , one that offers not only higher growth , but also social justice .
For voters , the choice should be easy .
Editor 's note : Jack Cafferty is the author of a new book , " Now or Never : Getting Down to the Business of Saving Our American Dream . "
He provides commentary on CNN's " The Situation Room " daily from 4 to 7 p.m. ET .
You can also visit Jack 's Cafferty File blog .
CNN 's Jack Cafferty says " the pain wo n't go away " until Bush administration 's misdeeds are addressed .
( CNN ) --
It does n't go away by itself .
Watergate " went away " when Richard Nixon resigned the presidency in disgrace and left town never to be heard from in an official capacity again .
The Bush presidency is thankfully over ... but the damage he and Dick Cheney did continues to press on the nerve of the American people like an impacted wisdom tooth .
And until the questions surrounding arguably the most arrogant and perhaps most corrupt administration in our history are addressed , the pain wo n't go away .
From Nancy ( " Impeachment is off the table " ) Pelosi to President Barack ( " I want to look forward , not backward " ) Obama , the country is being poorly served by their Democratic government .
And on this subject President Obama is dead wrong .
George W. Bush and his accomplices damaged this country like it 's never been damaged before .
And it 's not just the phony war in Iraq or the torture memos that justified waterboarding .
It 's millions of missing emails and the constant use of executive privilege and signing statements .
It 's the secretive meetings with Enron and other energy executives and the wholesale firing of federal prosecutors .
It 's trying to get the president 's personal attorney seated on the Supreme Court and that despicable Alberto Gonzales sitting in front of congressional investigators whining , " I do n't remember , I do n't know , I...etc . "
It 's the domestic eavesdropping in violation of the FISA Court , the rendition prisons , and the lying .
It 's looking the other way while the City of New Orleans drowned and its people were left to fend for themselves .
It 's the violations of the Geneva Conventions , the soiling of our international reputation and the shredding of the U.S. Constitution .
It 's the handing over of $ 700 billion to the Wall Street fat cats last fall , no questions asked .
Where is that money ?
What was it used for ?
It 's the no-bid contracts to firms like Halliburton and Blackwater and the shoddy construction and lack of oversight of reconstruction in Iraq that cost American taxpayers untold billions .
If the Republicans were serious about restoring their reputation , they would join the call for a special prosecutor to be appointed so that at long last justice can be done .
It 's too late for George W. Bush to resign the presidency .
But it 's not too late to put the people responsible for this national disgrace in prison .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cafferty .
All About Barack Obama • George W. Bush • Iraq War
How Obama 's first 100 days stack up the FIRST 100 DAYS
Inauguration_ph19.JPG
January 19 , 1981 - President elect Ronald Reagan breaks up as his wife , Nancy , doubles over in laughter during comedian Rich Little 's performance at the inaugural gala honoring the Reagans .
less Inauguration_ph19.JPG
January 19 , 1981 - President elect Ronald Reagan breaks up as his wife , Nancy , doubles over in laughter during comedian Rich Little 's performance at the inaugural gala honoring the ... more Photo : UPI Photo : UPI Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close How Obama 's first 100 days stack up 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Historians agree on one thing when it comes to evaluating a president 's first 100 days :
The exercise is an artificial , often superficial construct .
It 's too short of a time to seriously measure anything substantive about a presidency , and not an indicator of future success .
Look closely , however , said Russell Riley , chair of the Presidential Oral History Program at the University of Virginia , and you 'll see that a president 's first 100 days often contain the seeds of something that will bloom - or haunt him - later in his presidency .
As President Obama 's fans gloat about his healthy approval ratings at the 100 - day mark , Stephen Knott , an associate professor of national security studies at the United States Naval War College , cautions that former President George W. Bush had a 58 percent approval rating after 100 days in office - and that plummeted over time to record lows .
The seed that could haunt Obama 's presidency and derail his ambitious agenda could be an investigation of torture techniques used on terrorism suspects during the Bush administration , analysts said .
" If the country is focused on the Bush torture program all summer it is going to be a huge distraction , " said Larry Berman , a professor of political science at UC Davis who teaches a course on Obama 's first 100 days .
" The people who do n't realize this , I think , are the people who supported Obama from the progressive wing of the Democratic Party . "
Here is an overview of highlights and lowlights of the early days in office of recent administrations .
Successes
-- Benefited from release of U.S. hostages held in Iran for 444 days - as he was being inaugurated .
-- Former actor used TV addresses to rally Americans to urge Congress to push massive tax cut legislation through Congress - past a Democratic House majority .
--
Hit the ground running with smooth - running transition team and simple agenda : Cut taxes , increase military spending , improve U.S. reputation abroad .
Challenges
-- Transformed image after showing grace and strength after assassination attempt on 70th day of presidency .
( " Please tell me you 're Republicans , " he quipped to doctors treating him . )
Poll numbers jumped double - digits .
Without being able to peel off Democratic support in the ensuing months , " there would have been no Reaganomics , " Stephen Knott said .
-- Did n't sign first legislation until March 31 - day after he was shot .
Fumbles
-- Internal battle between administration 's military and budget leaders went public .
" It was a remarkably leak - prone presidency , " Knott said .
" And that contributed to the image of Reagan as a puppet of his advisers . "
Bottom line
-- Gallup Poll approval average over 100 - day period : 60 percent .
( Historical average for presidents since 1953 : 63 percent )
Successes
-- Promised a " kinder , gentler America " - a popular but none - too - subtle rip " that caused a tremendous amount of bitterness " among Reaganites , Knott said , many of whom were still serving in his administration .
-- Proposed a plan to help crippled savings and loan institutions .
Challenges
-- An unambitious agenda .
It 's hard to even contemplate what was going on in his 100 days , because it was more like the ninth year of the Reagan presidency .
Said Bush : " I do n't even think in terms of 100 days , because we are n't radically shifting things . "
Fumbles
-- " Kinder , gentler America " fades after battle over failed nomination of Sen. John Tower as defense secretary " poisoned the atmosphere in Washington for a long time , " said University of Pennsylvania Professor Al Felzenberg .
Tower 's replacement : Dick Cheney , positioning Cheney for a more influential role in President George W. Bush 's administration as an architect of Iraq war .
Bottom line
-- Gallup Poll approval average over 100 - day period : 57 percent .
Successes
-- Passed Family and Medical Leave
Act , which allowed workers at larger firms to take unpaid leave because of pregnancy or medical conditions .
-- Though criticized for failure to get economic stimulus plan through Congress , Riley said : " The heavy lifting done then would prove advantageous for the economy in later years . "
Challenges
-- World Trade Center bombed , killing six and injuring more than 1,000 .
-- Long standoff with Branch Davidians in Waco , Texas , ends with death of more than 80 people .
Fumbles
-- First two choices to be attorney general - Zoe Baird and Kimba Wood - withdrew their nominations because of illegal household help issues .
" He had a bad 100 days , there is no way to sugarcoat it , " Riley said .
-- Controversy over " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy concerning gays in the military drained political capital .
-- Drew partisan fire by appointing first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to head health care initiative .
Failed health care plan contributed to GOP congressional takeover in 1994 .
Bottom line
-- Gallup Poll approval average over 100 - day period : 55 percent .
George W. Bush
Successes
--
Though he came into office with legitimacy issues after losing the popular vote during a contested election , he quickly established himself to the point where approval ratings remained steady initially , said Gerhard Peters , professor of politics at Citrus College and director of the American Presidency Project at UC Santa Barbara .
-- Began faith - based initiative to appeal to religious conservatives that got him into office - which also inflamed partisan tensions .
-- Proposed largest tax cut in two decades .
Challenges
-- U.S. surveillance plane downed in China , crew detained .
Administration gets plaudits for negotiating release after 11 - day standoff .
-- " No Child Left Behind " education reform proposed with endorsement of liberal Sen. Edward Kennedy and Rep. George Miller , D- Martinez .
Measure later widely panned by educators , Democrats .
Fumbles
-- Declined to participate in Kyoto Treaty on climate change , foreshadowing his administration 's view of environment and its unilateralist approach to international issues .
-- Though national security team ( Cheney , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , Secretary of State Colin Powell , national security adviser Condoleezza Rice ) was hailed at the time for experience , it would lead country into a poorly planned occupation of Iraq .
Bottom line
-- Gallup Poll approval average over 100 - day period : 58 percent .
Successes
-- Only two presidents - Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt - have come into office with greater challenges , Riley said .
" So you have to grade him like you grade Olympic divers - you look at his degree of difficulty .
And it is high . "
-- " I think he 's had as good a 100 days as you can , until " the Bush - era torture memos were released , Berman said .
If the country continues to focus on the torture issue , " that would damage a lot of the goodwill he 's built up because it would lead to congressional deadlock . "
-- Passed a $ 787 billion stimulus plan , the Ledbetter law requiring equal pay for women and expanded health care benefits for children .
-- Ordered closing of Guantanamo Bay facility , drawdown of troops in Iraq .
-- Praised for decisive handling of pirate hostage situation off coast of Africa .
Challenges
-- " His stand on Afghanistan bears watching , " Riley said .
" But it 's not being paid attention to right now because of the economy . "
Fumbles
-- " Poor vetting " of high - level Cabinet candidates - Tom Daschle , Bill Richardson - led to setbacks , loss of high - quality leaders , Berman said .
-- Fuzzy position on whether to prosecute Bush - era figures responsible for torture .
" The American people are extremely forgiving but they do n't respond well to what they perceive as flip - flopping , " Knott said .
Bottom line
-- Gallup Poll approval average over 100 - day period : 63 percent .
Sources : Larry Berman , professor of political science at UC Davis , who teaches a course on Obama 's first 100 days in office .
Stephen Knott , an associate professor of national security studies and a presidential scholar at the United States Naval War College .
His second book about Reagan is to be published next month .
Russell Riley is chairman of the Presidential Oral History Program at the Miller Center of Public Affairs at the University of Virginia .
Al Felzenberg is a professor of communication at the University of Pennsylvania and author of " The Leaders We Deserved ( and a Few We Didn't ) : Rethinking the Presidential Rating Game . "
Gerhard Peters , professor of politics at Citrus College and director of the American Presidency Project at UC Santa Barbara .
Technology.am ( Apr. 29 , 2009 ) —
This is truly amazing that the thinnest human head hair is about 10,000 times thicker than recently developed nanoneedle .
This is a breakthrough device with applications for biophysical research .
Researchers at the University of Illinois have developed a nanoneedle with 50 nm diameter .
It was created with a rigid , but resilient , boron - nitride nanotube .
The nanotube is then attached to one end of a glass pipette for easy handling .
It is coated with a thin layer of gold .
The nanoneedle is designed to penetrate the membrane of a living cell as well as it can be used as an electrochemical probe and as an optical biosensor .
According to Min-Feng
Yu , a professor of mechanical science and engineering and a researcher at the Center for Nanoscale Chemical - Electrical - Mechanical Manufacturing Systems , nanoneedle - based delivery is a powerful new tool for studying biological processes and biophysical properties at the molecular level inside living cells .
This nanoneedle helps to deliver and detect fluorescent quantum dots in a cell ’s cytoplasm and nucleus .
These quantum dots can be used to study the molecular mechanics and physical properties of cells .
The nanoneedles can also be used as electrochemical investigations and as optical biosensors to examine cellular environments , stimulate certain types of biological sequences , and examine the effect of nanoparticles on cellular physiology .
Die hard Depeche Mode fans delight !
Depeche Mode 's Sounds of the Universe Deluxe Box Set is now available for pre-order on Amazon.com .
This incredible box set will be loaded for Depeche Mode fans excited about the upcoming release of Depeche Mode 's 12th studio album Sounds of the Universe .
Other versions for the less devoted Depeche Mode fans are : 1 ) the Deluxe version of Depeche Mode 's Sounds of the Universe which includes a DVD 2 ) Regular version of Depeche Mode 's Sounds of the Universe album .
Below is a video of Depeche Mode in the studio working on " Come Back " one of the many hot singles on this album .
Incredible !
Of course everyone was blown away by Depeche Mode 's live performance at the Echo Awards :
There 's a lot in there to hate , and Heather and Bob Cesca take care of most of it at the link , but the part I 'm truly interested in is this :
Why is it that people like Jesse Ventura are so concerned about how we treat people like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ?
Why is that ?
I 've often wondered how people like Scarborough make it this far in life without learning that torture does n't work , can be counter - productive and even extract false confessions .
But that is n't what Joe 's upset about .
What Joe finds truly incredulous is that anyone would have a problem with us torturing ' people like ' Mohammed in the first place .
Of course Joe Scarborough has encountered the conclusions of every single expert on torture that it does n't work by this point in his life .
It would be nearly impossible not to have encountered it , just as it's impossible to have a discussion about torture without including those findings .
The fact that people like Joe Scarborough absolutely refuse to acknowledge these findings shows that for them , this debate is n't actually about torture , just like their claim of wanting to reduce the number of abortions - while refusing to acknowledge that contraceptives do just that - seems not to be about abortion at all , but about controlling womens ' sex lives .
It 's the exact same nonsensical pattern .
The reason people like Jesse Ventura are so concerned about how we treat people like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is because people like Scarborough are n't .
The entire point of a nation of laws is that those laws apply to everyone equally , even ' people like '
Mohammed , and that the treatment of prisoners for example is not dependent upon the vindictiveness of the officials in charge ; officials like former Congressmen Joe Scarborough .
Joe wants to take his anger , frustration and sense of helplessness about terrorism out on people who he 's sure deserve it , just for the hell of it , and is throwing a temper tantrum at being told no .
Yet it is precisely during these difficult times that it is most important to stand by our principles .
As I wrote in 2007 :
These laws do not exist to guide us in times of peace but to guide us in times of great strife and difficulty .
Declaring yourself a nation of laws is easy when everyone 's your friend but it is during the difficult times when the state 's power tends to expand and the rights of the individual tend to diminish .
That is what this is all about .
If America must turn into a dictatorship every time there 's trouble then Congress might as well declare Bush King and go home because Democracy is a failure .
I wrote that in regards to the warrantless wiretapping revelations and the telecom immunity that followed , but it just as easily applies today .
It 's also why any day now I expect the republicans ( or a DINO ) to introduce a bill offering retroactive immunity for all those involved in torture , which we did n't do but would have been perfectly legal if we did and therefore requires immunity , and enough Democrats will support it for it to pass .
And people like Joe Scarborough will be free to start this nonsense again on whatever next year 's scandal will be .
Someone once said that the real lesson of history is that we do not learn from history and right now I 'm finding it hard to disagree .
The MoD reported 217 laptops missing in 2008
Twenty - eight Ministry of Defence laptop computers went missing in the first part of this year , figures show .
They were lost or stolen from the department , Armed Forces Minister Bob Ainsworth said .
Four personal computers and 20 memory sticks also went missing and an adviser lost a BlackBerry e-mail device over the same period of 1 January to 11 May .
The MoD , which lost 217 laptops in 2008 , said " robust procedures " were now in place to prevent such incidents .
In a written parliamentary reply , Mr Ainsworth said : " The MoD takes any loss of information and associated media storage devices very seriously . "
He added : " New processes , instructions and technological aids are also being implemented to mitigate human errors and raise awareness of every individual in the department . "
The announcement came as it emerged that Department of Health staff in England lost 22 BlackBerry devices and 18 mobile phones in 2008 and 2009 .
Health Minister Ben Bradshaw said the information on a BlackBerry is protected by a strong password and can be remotely wiped after a loss is reported .
" Mobile phones lost will contain contact details but are unlikely to contain more sensitive information , " he said .
It is important to note that the OLC memos were drafted in a way that suggests there was no dissenting opinion about the use of harsh interrogation techniques , yet yesterday we heard Ali Soufan , the FBI interrogator who was the first on the scene to interrogate accused terrorist Abu Zubaydah , testify that the lead CIA forensic psychologist assigned to the Zubaydah interrogation left the CIA facility in protest when the SERE contractors began to use harsh techniques .
Throughout this time , my fellow FBI agent and I , along with a top CIA interrogator who was working with us , protested , but we were overruled .
I should also note that another colleague , an operational psychologist for the CIA , had left the location because he objected to what was being done .
This was followed by withdrawal of all FBI agents from the interrogations because of concerns about employing torture .
Yet the 2002 Bybee memo on techniques does not report any dissent from CIA psychologists , but does rely heavily upon " psychological evaluations " .
These are almost certainly the evaluations of contractors .
Indeed , after spending a lot of time reading the memos and documents related to the " Enhanced Interrogation Techniques " used by the CIA on " High - Value Detainees " , it is becoming increasingly clear that in designing the CIA interrogation program , there was a deliberate effort made to circumvent the CIA Office of Medical Services ( OMS ) - the division that oversees the doctors , psychologists and nurses employed by the CIA .
Instead , the Torture architects consulted contractors , many of whom who were psychologists who had experience working as former SERE instructors .
The recently released memos bear out these details .
The 2005 OLC Memo from Stephen Bradbury , " 2005 Bradbury Memo " ( PDF ) , which was written to replace the 2002 memos in approving waterboarding , cites the still - secret CIA Inspector General 's report .
Excerpts from this report criticized the CIA for not involving the Office of Medical Services ( OMS , the CIA doctors and other health professionals ) in the development or application of the enhanced interrogation techniques :
We note that this involvement of medical personnel in designing safeguards for , and in monitoring implementation of , the procedures is a significant difference from earlier uses of the techniques catalogued in the Inspector General 's Report .
See IG Report at 21 n 26 ( " OMS was neither consulted nor involved in the analysis of the risk and benefits of [ enhanced interrogation techniques ] , nor provided with the OTS report cited in the OLC opinion [ the Interrogation Memorandum ] . " ) .
Since that time , based on comments from OMS , additional constraints have been imposed on the use of the techniques .
This decision to exclude CIA doctors from the torture was likely by design .
Doctors are generally aware of their oath not to do harm ( and the sordid history of physicians being involved in torture ) , and it is likely that at least some of those informed of the program would have resisted .
But it was certainly a bad decision , as there is evidence that the early waterboarding of Zubaydah and accused Cole bombing mastermind al - Nashiri went awry :
A heavily censored footnote on page 15 of the " 2005 Bradbury Memo " ( PDF ) discusses what appears to be a near - death episode excerpted from the still - secret CIA Inspector General report :
In our limited experience , extensive use of the waterboard can introduce new risks .
Most seriously , for reasons of physical fatigue or psychological resignation , the subject may simply give up , allowing excessive filling of the airways and loss of consciousness .
An unresponsive subject should be righted immediately and the interrogator should deliver a sub - xyphoid thrust to expel the water .
If this fails to restore normal breathing , aggressive medical intervention is required .
Any subject who has reached this degree of compromise is not [ censored hereafter ] .
Zubaydah and KSM are the only detainees known to undergo " extensive waterboarding " by the CIA , and KSM was waterboarded differently than Zubaydah ( KSM had medical personnel in the room , see below ) .
Indeed , Zubaydah is the only detainee who reported losing control of his bowel or bladder function or his consciousness during his interrogation .
From the recently - leaked International Committee of the Red Cross report on " High Value " Detainees ( " ICRC Report ( PDF ) " ) , Zubaydah described his interrogation including waterboarding :
On this occassion my head was in a more backward , downwards position and the water was poured on for a longer time .
I struggled without success to breathe .
I thought I was going to die .
I lost control of my urine .
Since then I still lose control of my urine when under stress .
< snip >
I collapsed and lost consciousness on several occasions .
Eventually the torture was stopped by a doctor .
Thus it appears the IG report footnote is referring to a waterboarding " ADVERSE EVENT " of Zubaydah that required resuscitative medical intervention .
Furthermore Al - Nashiri was only waterboarded 2 times , which I and others have speculated may have been due to a bad outcome also requiring resuscitative medical intervention .
Involvement of Medical Personnel in waterboarding after January 2003
Guidelines established by the CIA on January 28 , 2003 ( probably in response to bad medical outcomes with waterboarding of AZ or al - Nashiri ) established new rules for interrogation .
A memo signed by George Tenet , Guidelines on Confinement Conditions for CIA Detainees ( Jan. 28,2003 ) ( " Confinement Guidelines " ) , is cited in the " 2005 Bradbury Memo " ( PDF ) , but has not yet been released , even in redacted form .
What this says with regard to medical personnel in general and CIA medical doctors specifically is yet unknown .
However , clues to the contents of this memo come from its citation :
Medical and as appropriate , psychological personnel shall be physically present at , or reasonably available to , each Detention Facility .
Medical personnel shall assess the physical condition of each detainee at intervals appropriate to the circumstances and shall keep appropriate records .
Thus by January 28 , 2003 it is apparent that the CIA recognized a need for involvement of " medical personnel " in caring for detainees , but whether this required physicians , nurses , physician assistants or corpsmen is unknown .
Importantly this was almost certainly contractor medical support , as the first involvement of the CIA OMS was not documented until December 2004 , long after the waterboarding had ceased .
Involvement of Medical Personnel in Waterboarding KSM
Khalid Sheik Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in March 2003 .
They dramatically altered the protocol for waterboarding by March 2003 .
Specifically , International Committee of the Red Cross report on " High Value " Detainees ( " ICRC Report ( PDF ) " ) description of the waterboarding of Abu Zubaydah and KSM is almost identical with the exception of one detail .
KSM had a pulse oximeter ( a device to measure blood oxygen levels ) attached to his finger to measure the level of oxygen in his blood during waterboarding , and he noted that there was a " doctor " present in the room each time this procedure was used .
Female interrogators were also present ... and a doctor was always present , standing out of sight behind the head of [ the ] bed , but I saw him when he came to fix a clip to my finger which was connected to a machine .
I think it was to measure my pulse and oxygen content in my blood .
So they could take me to [ the ] breaking point .
Again , based upon the paper trail in the 2005 Bradbury memo footnotes , the medical providers helping keep KSM alive for waterboarding were likely contractors rather than career CIA OMS employees .
This distinction may not seem so important , but in 2004 , after they were informed of the program , the OMS imposed drastic changes in waterboarding protocols to ensure " safety " of those interrogated :
Limits upon the amount of time a detainee could be strapped to the board and suffocated .
A switch from water to saline to prevent electrolyte imbalances .
A requirement of a physician in the room for waterboarding .
A requirement of a tracheotomy kit in the room for waterboarding to conduct emergency surgery if needed .
Thus , this deliberate avoidance of CIA doctors and instead reliance upon contractor psychologists and medical personnel to waterboard shows effort to hide the torture program from oversight .
Conclusion
As Ali Soufan noted in his testimony , the CIA harsh techniques program was experimentation .
The mistake [ implementation of enhanced interrogation techniques ] was so costly precisely because the situation was , and remains , too risky to allow someone to experiment with amateurish , Hollywood style interrogation methods - that in reality - taints sources , risks outcomes , ignores the end game , and diminishes our moral high ground in a battle that is impossible to win without first capturing the hearts and minds around the world .
It was one of the worst and most harmful decisions made in our efforts against al Qaeda .
Indeed , it is clear that it was Medical Experimentation on detainees , not incredibly different than that conducted by past torture regimes .
There are many , many levels of complexity and complicity that will be revealed in the details we are beginning to understand .
For example we know that one CIA psychologist was aware of the program before 2004 ( and left in disgust ) , but we do n't know whether all the medical personnel involved before 2004 were contractors .
Regardless , it is clear that the men who wanted to torture did so with hired experimentalists and made a deliberate effort to keep the CIA medical personnel out of the way .
Update
mimi links the exactly wording of Soufan 's oral testimony below .
Jim Webb and Arlen Specter “ introduced bipartisan legislation to create a blue - ribbon commission charged with conducting an 18 - month , top - to - bottom review of the nation ’s entire criminal justice system and offering concrete recommendations for reform . ”
“ America ’s criminal justice system has deteriorated to the point that it is a national disgrace , ” said Senator Webb .
“ With five percent of the world ’s population , our country houses twenty - five percent of the world ’s prison population .
Incarcerated drug offenders have soared 1200 % since 1980 .
And four times as many mentally ill people are in prisons than in mental health hospitals .
We should be devoting precious law enforcement capabilities toward making our communities safer .
Our neighborhoods are at risk from gang violence , including transnational gang violence .
Webb continued : “ There is great appreciation from most in this country that we are doing something drastically wrong .
And , I am gratified that Senator Specter has joined me as the lead Republican cosponsor of this effort .
We are committed to getting this legislation passed and enacted into law this year . ”
“ There have been many commissions in recent years , but the problems which we are now confronting warrant a fresh look , ” Senator Specter said .
“ This commission has the potential to really make some very significant advances in public security and protection from the violent criminals .
I look forward to working with Senator Webb and my colleagues in the Senate on this important legislation . ”
The high - level commission created by the National Criminal Justice Commission
Act of 2009 legislation will be comprised of experts in fields including criminal justice , law enforcement , public heath , national security , prison administration , social services , prisoner reentry , and victims ’ rights .
It will be led by a chairperson to be appointed by the President .
The Majority and Minority Leaders in the House and Senate , and the Democratic and Republican Governors Associations will appoint the remaining members of the commission .
Commissioners will be tasked with proposing tangible , wide - ranging reforms designed to responsibly reduce the overall incarceration rate ; improve federal and local responses to international and domestic gang violence ; restructure our approach to drug criminalization ; improve the treatment of mental illness ; improve prison administration ; and establish a system for reintegrating ex-offenders .
For more multimedia , look aton Wikimedia Commons
Over 1,500 farmers in an Indian state committed suicide after being driven to debt by crop failure , it was reported today .
The agricultural state of Chattisgarh was hit by falling water levels .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The water level has gone down below 250 feet here .
It used to be at 40 feet a few years ago , " Shatrughan Sahu , a villager in one of the districts , told Down To Earth magazine
" Most of the farmers here are indebted and only God can save the ones who do not have a bore well . "
Mr Sahu lives in a district that recorded 206 farmer suicides last year .
Police records for the district add that many deaths occur due to debt and economic distress .
In another village nearby , Beturam Sahu , who owned two acres of land was among those who committed suicide .
His crop is yet to be harvested , but his son Lakhnu left to take up a job as a manual labourer .
His family must repay a debt of £ 400 and the crop this year is poor .
" The crop is so bad this year that we will not even be able to save any seeds , " said Lakhnu 's friend Santosh .
" There were no rains at all . "
" That 's why Lakhnu left even before harvesting the crop .
There is nothing left to harvest in his land this time .
He is worried how he will repay these loans . "
Bharatendu Prakash , from the Organic Farming Association of India , told the Press Association : " Farmers ' suicides are increasing due to a vicious circle created by money lenders .
They lure farmers to take money but when the crops fail , they are left with no option other than death . "
Mr Prakash added that the government ought to take up the cause of the poor farmers just as they fight for a strong economy .
" Development should be for all .
The government blames us for being against development .
Forest area is depleting and dams are constructed without proper planning .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
All this contributes to dipping water levels .
Farmers should be taken into consideration when planning policies , " he said .
This article is from The Belfast Telegraph
Game data archives almost always employ some type of compression for their contents , and sometimes will even mix and match different algorithms for different types of files .
Understanding the typical compression formats is therefore crucial to the success of a game hacker .
Moreover , you need to be able to recognize the common algorithms just from their compressed data alone , so when you ’re staring at hex dumps , you will know how to proceed .
In today ’s installment , we ’ll go through some of the most popular formats , how they work , and how you can recognize them “ in the wild ” .
First of all , note that this task is in theory quite hard .
The ideal compression algorithm produces data that is essentially indistinguishable from random noise ( which counterintuitively contains the highest density of information ) .
Fortunately , games have two additional requirements : to be able to access data quickly , and to be programmed by normal coders as opposed to Ph.D. computer scientists .
Both of these requirements means games typically use either industry - standard formats or relatively simple , quick algorithms that anyone can code from a book .
The former often include extra identifying information we can spot , and the latter compress data poorly enough that it looks like “ compressed data ” instead of looking like random noise .
zlib
Let ’s start with the industry standard , zlib .
This is an open - source compression library which implements the classic ‘ deflate ’ algorithm used in .zip and .gz files .
It ’s pretty fast and pretty decent , and since it ’s already written and completely free , it gets used all over the place , including in game archives .
How can you recognize it ?
0×78 0×9C .
The first two bytes of a standard zlib - compressed chunk of data will be those two bytes , which specify the default settings of the algorithm ( ’ deflate ’ with 32 KB buffer , default compression level ) .
Alternately , you will often see 0×78 0xDA , which is the same except using the maximum compression level .
If you see those two bytes at the start of where you expect a file to be , rejoice , since you ’ve just solved a big mystery with next to zero effort .
Decoding this format is also pretty easy , since virtually every modern language will have a zlib library for it .
In C , you want to just link against libz and call :
#include < zlib.h > uncompress ( new_buffer , &new_size , comp_buffer , comp_size ) ;
Be sure to allocate enough memory for your expanded data : hopefully the archive index will have already provided you with the original file size .
The function will return a status code and additionally update new_size with the amount of data that was uncompressed .
In Python , dealing with zlib is just embarrassingly easy :
new_data = comp_data.decode ( ' zlib ' )
One of the built - in string - encoding methods ( like ASCII , UTF8 , Shift - JIS , etc. ) is just zlib encoding , so if you have your data as a string you can just expand it like that .
Alternately you can import zlib and use more direct function calls for extra control .
Compressing data is just as easy , with the compress ( ) function in C — or compress2 ( ) if you want to specify the compression level — and the encode ( ’zlib ’ ) string method in Python ( or zlib library calls ) .
I do n’t want to say much about the inner workings of the deflate algorithm , since that really does n’t come up very often : you can safely treat it like a black box .
However , there is one extra facet I ’ve run across : the Adler32 checksum .
This is a very simple 32 - bit checksum algorithm ( like CRC32 ) which is included in the zlib library , and therefore gets also used by games a bit .
Additionally , the zlib format specifies that an Adler checksum is appended to the end of a compressed file for error - checking purposes .
However , some games twist their zlib implementation slightly by either leaving off the checksum ( in favor of using their own elsewhere in the archive ) or moving it into the archive index instead .
This will cause the zlib uncompress call to return an error , even though it actually uncompressed the data successfully .
So , a word to the wise : if you ’re sure that the game is using zlib but you keep getting errors when you try to expand the data , look for this case .
You may have to do a little twiddling of the compressed data to add the expected checksum at the end , or just ignore the zlib error codes and continue as normal .
Run-length compression
This is the simplest kind of home - grown compression you ’re likely to run across .
It shows up in image compression a lot , sometimes as part of a larger sequence of processing .
Basically the idea is to start with a sequence of bytes and chunk them up whenever you run across a repeated value :
31 92 24 24 24 24 24 C5 00 00 = 31 92 5*24 C5
2*00
Exactly how you represent the chunked - up data varies a bit from algorithm to algorithm , depending on what you expect the sequences to look like .
Escape byte .
You might designate a byte , say 0xFF as a flag for designating a run of repeated bytes , and follow it by a count and a value .
So the above data would be :
31 92 FF 05 24 C5 FF 02 00 = 31 92 5*24 C5
2*00
If the flag byte actually appears in your data , you have to unescape it by , say , having a length of 0 in the next byte .
Repeated bytes .
Here you just start running through your data normally , and whenever you have two bytes in a row that are the same , you replace all the rest of them ( the third and thereafter ) with a count byte :
31 92 24 24 03 C5 00 00 00 = 31 92 24 24 3*24 C5 00 00 0*00
If you do n’t have a third repeated value , you ’ll need to waste a byte to give a count of 0 .
Alternating types .
Here you assume that your data alternates between runs of raw values and runs of repeated bytes , and prepend length counts to each type :
02 31 92 05 24 01 C5 02 00 = 2 ( 31 92 ) , 5 * 24 , 1 ( C5 ) , 2*00
Naturally , if you have two repeated runs in a row , you ’ll have to waste a byte to insert a 0 - length raw sequence between them .
A special case of this I ’ve run across is when you expect to have long runs of zero in particular instead of any random byte , so you just alternate between runs of zeroes ( with just a bare count value ) and runs of raw data .
Note , of course , that there is some subtlety which can be involved depending on the variant you run across .
For instance , it ’s often the case that pairs of bytes are n’t efficient to encode , so they ’re just treated as raw data .
Also , rather than giving lengths themselves , sometimes you encode , say , length - 3 , if length values of 0 , 1 , and 2 are n’t ever needed .
In some cases you might also run across multi- byte length values ( controlled , say , by the high bit in the first length byte ) .
For images , you may have pixels instead of bytes which are the fundamental unit of repetition .
In that case , even two RGB pixels in a row which are the same can be successfully compressed .
In any event , how do you recognize this format ?
The general principle is that all of these variations have to fall back on including raw bytes in the file a lot , so you want to try to look for those identifiable sequences ( RGB triplets in image formats are good to key off of ) interspersed with control codes .
It ’s often helpful to have an uncompressed version of an image to compare against , which you can recover from a screenshot or from snooping the game ’s memory in a debugger ( a topic for later articles ) .
LZSS
One step up from run-length encoding is to be able to do something useful with whole sequences of data that are repeated instead of single bytes .
Here , the algorithm keeps track of the data it ’s already seen , and if some chunk is repeated , it just encodes a back - reference to that section of the file instead :
I love compression .
This is compressed ! =
I love compression .
This [ is ] [ compress ]ed ! =
I love compression .
This [ 3 , -3 ] [ 8, - 22 ]ed !
The bracketed sections indicate runs of characters that have been seen before , so you just give a length and a backwards offset for where to copy them from .
A lot of compression algorithms , zlib included , are based on this general principle , but one version that seems to crop up a lot is LZSS .
The special feature of this format is how it controls switching between raw bytes and back - references .
It uses one bit in a control byte to determine this , often a 1 for a raw byte and a 0 for a back - reference sequence .
So one control byte will determine the interpretation of the next 8 pieces :
I love compression .
This [ 3 , -3 ] [ 8,- 22 ]ed ! = FF
" I love c " FF " ompressi " FF " on. Thi " 73 " s " 03 03 08 16 " ed ! "
The 0xFF control bytes just say “ 8 raw bytes follow ” , and the 0×73 byte is binary 01110011 : reading from least - significant bit , that ’s 2 raw bytes , 2 back - references , and then 3 raw bytes .
Recognizing this format in the wild rests on the control bytes , and you can spot it most easily in script files .
If you see text which looks liFFke this , FF with reFFadable tFFext plus some junk characters in every 9th byte , you ’re dealing with LZSS .
You can also spot this in image formats , since the natural rhythm of RGB triplets will get interrupted by the control bytes .
Note that the farther in the file you go , the harder this gets to recognize , since the proportion of back - references tends to climb once the algorithm has a larger dictionary of previously - seen data to draw upon .
The major hassle with this format is the nature of the back - references .
There are a lot of subtle variants of this .
One of the most popular ones uses a 4096 - byte sliding window , and encodes back - references as a 12 - bit offset in the window and a 4 - bit length .
However , is the length the real length or length - 3 ?
Is the offset relative to the current position , or is it an array offset in a separate 4096 - byte ring buffer ?
Is the control byte read most - or least - significant bit first ?
I ’ve even run across an example where there were several different back - reference formats : a 1 - byte one for short runs in a small window , a 2 - byte one for medium - length runs in a decent window , and a 3 - byte one for large runs over a huge window .
You will just need to experiment a little bit to see exactly what the particular game is doing , unfortunately .
One subtle point is that you may be allowed to specify a back - reference which overlaps with data you have n’t seen yet .
By that I mean a length larger than the negative offset involved :
This is freeeeeeeaky !
=
This [ is ] fre [ eeeeee ] aky !
=
This [ 3 , - 3 ] fre [ 6 , - 1]aky !
The [ 6 , - 1 ] back - reference works because you are copying the bytes one at a time : first you copy the second ‘ e ’ from the first , and now you can copy the third ‘ e ’ from the second , etc .
Be aware of this subtlety when you implement your own algorithms , since ( a ) this can preclude you from doing certain types of memory copying or string slicing , ( b ) not all games will be able to understand this type of reference , so do n’t encode that way unless you know yours can .
Huffman encoding
From one point of view , this is easier than other algorithms since it only works on single bytes ( or symbols , in general ) at a time , but it ’s also more tricky since the compressed data is a bitstream rather than being easy - to - digest bytes and control codes .
It works by figuring out the frequencies of all the bytes in a file , and encoding the more common ones with fewer than 8 bits , and the less common ones with more than 8 , so you end up with a smaller file on average .
This is very closely related to concepts of entropy , since each symbol generally gets encoded with a number of bits equal to its own entropy ( as determined by its frequency ) .
Let ’s be specific .
Consider the string “ abracadabra ” .
The letter breakdown is :
a : 5/11 ~ 1.14 bits b : 2/11 ~ 2.46 bits c : 1/11 ~ 3.46 bits d : 1/11 ~ 3.46 bits r : 2/11 ~ 2.46 bits
Where I ’ve given the number of bits of entropy each frequency corresponds to ( i.e. if you have a 25 % chance of having a certain letter , it has a 2 - bit entropy since you need to give one of 4 values , say 00 , to specify it out of the other 75 % of possibilities : 01 , 10 , 11 ) .
Unfortunately we can’t use fractional bits , so we may have to round up or down from these theoretical values .
How do we choose the right codes ?
Well , the best way is to build up a tree , starting from the least - likely values .
That is , we treat , say , “ c or d ” as a single symbol with a frequency of 2/11 , and say that if we get that far we know we can just spend one extra bit to figure out whether we mean c or d :
a : 5 0=c + 1=d : 2 b : 2 r : 2
Then we continue doing the same thing .
At each step we combine the two least - weight items together , adding one bit to the front of their codes as we go .
In the case of ties , we pick the ones with shorter already - assigned codes , or alphabetically first values :
a : 5 0=b + 1=r : 4 0=c + 1=d : 2 00=b + 01=r + 10=c + 11=d : 6 a : 5 000=b + 001=r + 010=c + 011=d + 1=a : 11
So the codes we end up with are :
a : 1 b : 000 c : 010 d : 011 r : 001
You will notice an excellent property of these codes : they are not ambiguous .
That is , you do n’t have 1 for ‘ a ’ and 100 for ‘ b ’… as soon as you hit that first 1 , you know you can stop and go on to the next symbol without needing to read any more .
Therefore , “ abracadabra ” just gets encoded as :
a b r a c a d a b r a 1 000 001 1 010 1 011 1 000 001 1 = 10000011 01010111 00000110 = 83 57 06
We ’ve compressed 88 bits ( 11 bytes ) down to 23 bits ( just under 3 bytes ) .
Almost always the bits are packed most - to least - significant in a byte .
One subtlety is the exact method of tree creation , which assigns the codes .
The method described above is “ canonical ” , but sometimes games will use their own idiosynchratic methods which you will have to match exactly to avoid getting garbage .
How do you recognize this in a data file ?
Well , the decompressor needs to know the codes , and the easiest way to specify this is to give it the frequencies ( or more easily , the bit weights ) of the values so it can construct its own tree .
Therefore , the compressed data will usually start with , say , a 256 - element table of bit weights .
So if you see 256 bytes of 05 06 08 07 0C 0B 06 — values that are around 8 plus or minus a few — followed by horrendous random junk , you ’re probably looking at Huffman encoding .
Sometimes instead of bit weights you ’ll have the actual frequency counts instead , which might need to have a multi - byte encoding scheme if they ’re above 256 .
In that case , you ’re mainly looking for a few hundred bytes of “ stuff ” followed by a sharp transition to much more random data .
Other algorithms
Needless to say , the algorithms covered here are not the full range of compression formats out there .
I ’ll just briefly mention some others in case you run across them , though I have n’t really seen them in the wild .
Arithmetic encoding .
This is vaguely related to Huffman encoding , in that you are working strictly with single bytes ( or symbols ) and trying to stuff the most frequent ones into fewer bits .
However , instead of being restricted to an integral number of bits for each one , here you are allowed to be fractional on average .
This works by breaking up the numerical interval [ 0,1 ) into subranges corresponding to each symbol : the more common symbols correspond to larger ranges , in proportion to their frequency .
You start with [ 0,1 ) , and the first byte resticts you to the subrange for that symbol .
Then the second byte restricts you to a sub- subrange , the third byte a sub - sub - range , etc .
Your final encoded data is any single numerical value inside the tiny range you end up in : just pick the number in that range you can represent in the least number of bits as a binary fractional value .
Needless to say there are some good tricks for implementing this without using ludicrously - high - precision math , but I wo n’t go into that .
LZ77 ( Lempel - Ziv ’ 77 )
This is the core of the zlib deflate algorithm , but you ’ll sometimes see variants outside of that standard , so it ’s useful to know a little about .
It ’s basically a combination of standard back - references as in LZSS , plus Huffman encoding .
You just treat the back - reference command “ copy 8 bytes ” as a special symbol , like a byte value of 256+8=264 .
Then , with this mix of raw data bytes and back - reference symbols , you run it through a Huffman encoding to get the final compressed output .
Typically you will do something different with the back - reference offsets : either leave them as raw data , or encode them in their own separate Huffman table .
LZW ( Lempel - Ziv- Welch )
When taught correctly , this is an algorithm with a mind - blowing twist at the end .
As it runs through the file , it builds up an incremental dictionary of previously - seen strings and outputs codes corresponding to the dictionary entries .
And then , at the end , when you start to wonder how to encode this big dictionary so the decompressor can use it to make sense of the codes , you just throw the dictionary away .
Cute .
Of course it turns out that things are cleverly designed so that the decompressor can build up an identical dictionary as it goes along , so there ’s no problem .
This algorithm was patent - encumbered for a while , so it did n’t get as widely adopted as it might otherwise have been , but you might start seeing more of it these days .
Conclusion
I ’ve focused here on lossless general - purpose compression : the sorts of things that are done to data at the archive level .
There is also a stage below this , where data can be compressed before even being put into the archive : making raw images into JPEGs , PNGs , or other compressed image formats , and converting sounds to MP3s , OGGs , and so forth .
In many cases those compression steps are just a lossy approximation to the original data , which is okay for graphics and sounds but bad for other files .
In a later installment , I ’ll be tackling image formats in particular in more detail , since you will tend to run across custom ones a lot , some of which include image - specific processing steps ( like , say , subtracting pixels from their neighbors ) which would n’t make a lot of sense in a more general - purpose compression algorithm .
Encryption is another later topic , since sometimes that will keep you from being able to recognize compressed data for what it is .
And naturally , if you ’ve run across other general compression algorithms used in games you ’ve looked at , please mention them in the comments , since I do n’t pretend to have investigated all the games out there …
I ’m still being surprised all the time .
Freelance designers , as well as those who work for small design studios , often face the challenge of finding ways to have a more productive workday and achieving maximum efficiency throughout the day .
Regardless of whether you are a freelancer , an employee for a design agency , or an in - house designer , you probably could benefit by reducing the chaos and adding some simplicity to your daily life .
While this can be a struggle for anyone in a more “ typical ” job , freelancers have added distractions , unique challenges , and no one to hold them accountable .
To be a successful freelancer you ’ll have to place a priority on productivity and find ways that work for you .
Each of us is unique and no process will work for everyone , but all of us have plenty of things that we can do to improve our workflow .
In this article I ’ll cover some of the lessons that I have learned through my own experience .
For me , productivity is a constant goal , and always interested in finding new ways to get more out of my time .
I ’m far from perfect in these areas , but making consistent improvements .
Hopefully some of these things will help you in your own work .
1. Have a Task List for the Day
The best way to have an unproductive day is to work throughout the day without a clear definition of what you need to accomplish .
Simply having a to - do list will go a long way in keeping you on track .
One of the problems with freelancing is that there is usually a million different things that you could be doing on any given day .
While all of these things may be helpful to your business in some way , they ’re not all equal in terms of importance and urgency .
Without a task list you run the risk of working all day on things that seem like they are benefiting your business , but in the end you ’re not focusing your efforts on the right tasks .
A to - do list is a critical aspect of time management for most of us .
However , one of the downfalls of having a to - do list is that it can get quite full and overwhelming .
When this happens , the to - do list can actually become more of a hindrance than a help because you may find yourself focusing on how you will never be able to accomplish everything instead of concentrating on the tasks at hand .
To simplify things keep your to - do list as short as possible .
For example , focus on just completing two or three specific things in a given day instead of working off of a to - do list with 15 or 20 items .
You ’ll find that with fewer things on your list you ’re able to do a better job with each , and you should still be able to accomplish them efficiently as well .
Having just two or three things on your to - do list is n’t always practical , and in that case you can divide your list into major and minor tasks , and keep the major tasks as limited as possible .
This will help to keep your focus on a small number of important tasks , and you ’ll probably find that you do a better job with them .
2. Prioritize Tasks
One of my biggest frustrations in my daily work is that it seems like I ’m never able to do everything I want to do in a day .
In this case , a task list is likely to have a few things left untouched at the end of the day .
Because of this , it ’s important to not only create a task list , but also to prioritize the items that you ’re looking to get done .
Your tasks will differ from day - to - day , but it ’s likely that you ’ll have a few very important things that must get done , and then some others with varying levels of importance and urgency .
My personal approach with prioritizing is to simply to set the tasks that must get done , and then I also list a few stretch goals for the day .
If and when I get all of the most important items done for a particular day , at that point I can move on to the stretch goals , which usually carry less urgency than my main tasks .
This way I do n’t finish my work early and have nothing to do , and I also do n’t have too much on my plate that causes adverse effects when I ca n’t get everything done .
3. Place More Emphasis on Finishing Tasks Rather than Starting New Ones
Most freelancers have a few different projects going on at all times .
On top of that , each project may have several different tasks that need to be done , and you may even have some of your own personal projects that require time .
With all of these things fighting for your attention at once , it ’s tempting to dig in to new tasks before completing others .
By doing this you ’ll usually be costing yourself more time and effort later when it comes to finishing those tasks and projects .
In order for a freelancer to keep the income flowing , it ’s critical that projects are getting finished .
Being able to finish a project will help you to get paid sooner and allow you to move on to another project .
From my experience , when I ’m struggling with too much to do , it ’s best if I can devote time to tasks and projects that are near completion .
Being able to get things crossed off the list feels good and helps to reduce stress and create a more productive environment .
4. Know the Strongest Times of Your Work Day
Some people work best early in the mornings , others prefer afternoons or evenings .
Everyone has times of the day that are stronger than others in terms of focus and productivity .
I tend to get up early , but I ’m not at my peak for the first few hours of the day .
I ’ve found that rather than fighting this and trying to get more done at the start of my day , I ’m better off to use that time for tasks that are less demanding mentally .
If you work from home you may be able to avoid some of the typical distractions by getting up and starting your work before others in your house are around .
You may find that starting your workday earlier will have some benefits in terms of your stress level and how you perceive your day .
When you start work later you may face the stress of feeling like you should have more done by a specific time in the day , but starting early can help to feel like you ’re ahead of the game .
During the times when I struggle to concentrate I ’ll clean out my email inbox , moderate and respond to comments on my blog , evaluate my overall process on current projects , or anything that requires time but not the highest amount of mental focus .
With this approach I ’m able to make productive use of my least productive times of the day , and that will save my best hours for more taxing activities like working on a client ’s website or writing articles .
With the varied tasks of a freelancer , there are always plenty of things that need to get done that require different levels of intensity in terms of work and focus .
If you can match your best times for work with the most intense tasks , and your least productive times with more routine tasks , you ’ll get more out of your day .
5. Give Yourself Some Flexibility
I ’ve already talked about the importance of having prioritized tasks and the use of different times of the day , but it ’s also important to not get so rigid with this that you do n’t leave yourself some room for flexibility .
There will be some days that do n’t go quite as planned and when you do n’t feel like you do most other days .
Allow yourself to have some flexibility to change things around according to the circumstances .
6. Have a Specified Ending Time for Work
One of the biggest challenges that I face throughout the week is knowing when to end my work day .
When you ’re working for someone else it ’s much easier to make a clear break , but as a freelancer there is always a temptation to keep working .
With so many things to do and your income riding on getting things done , it seems like you will be more productive by working longer days .
But from my experience I ’ve found that I often feel like I get the most done when I have something going on that forces me to end the day at a specific time .
With a set ending time it ’s easier to get moving quickly and to get more productivity out of each hour , since they are limited .
Without a set ending time I often find myself working with a little bit less efficiency since I feel like I have plenty of time .
On those days I wind up with less time away from work and I often do n’t seem to get that much more accomplished , even with the extra hours of work .
7. Bulk Process
With so many different things to do , it ’s likely that your day is broken up into many small blocks of time for specific tasks .
In order to achieve more efficiency and productivity , try to use larger blocks of time and get similar things done all at once ( depending on the nature of your work this may or may not be possible ) .
For example , if you can avoid working with your email open you may be able to spend less time each day on email by checking in 2 or 3 times throughout the day and emptying your inbox each time .
Checking email many times throughout the day may lead to more time than necessary .
An example from my process is writing blog posts .
My preferred method of producing content for my blogs is to have specific days set aside where this is my only focus .
I can finish one post and move right on to the next .
I may have a list of ideas that I want to work on so I do n’t waste time trying to decide before I start writing .
With this approach I feel like I ’m able to get more out of my time as opposed to writing a post here and there whenever I have time .
8. Track Your Time
You might be completely surprised to know exactly how you spend your time throughout a work week .
Tracking your time can help you to find inefficiencies and ways to improve your productivity .
Without knowing how your time is spent , it ’s hard to know how you can improve the use of your time .
I ’m not suggesting that you need to track your time everyday , but if you do it for a few typical days you may be surprised at how easily you can identify some areas for improvement going forward .
One of the keys to simplify your work is to be well organized .
There are many project management apps and software options to help keep you organized , and some are even designed with designers and freelancers in mind .
Basecamp is a popular option among designers and developers .
Regardless of what app or approach you use , having an established method for project management will help to make the best use of your time and you ’ll find that you waste less time and have simplified days due to improved organization and communication .
9. Recognize Your Distractions
One of the benefits of tracking your time is that it helps you to identify things or activities that may be distracting you in your work .
Whether or not you are tracking your time at any giving point , one of the first steps to working productively is to recognize your distractions .
Eliminating or controlling these distractions will lead to greater efficiency , but in order to do so you ’ll first have to accurately recognize and understand specifically what challenges you have when it comes to working productively .
Every time the subject of productivity and simplicity comes up , distractions are always mentioned .
For freelancers and designers being online a majority of the day brings a number of potential distractions into the picture .
Things like email , Twitter , and Facebook are necessary for most of us , but they can also take up a lot of time and break up the workday constantly if they ’re not managed properly .
If possible , have specific times for reading and responding to email and for social networking .
If you limit it to certain times during the day you wo n’t be distracted as you ’re working on other tasks and you ’ll be able to get things done with more efficiency .
10 . Have Realistic Expectations
Ambitious freelancers will often feel the pressure to get more done than is humanly possible with a given amount of time .
This can obviously lead to increased stress and pressure , not to mention a lower quality of work .
Realistic expectations will allow you to be able to accomplish the things you set out to do with a day of good work .
the biggest part of having realistic expectations is the amount of work that you assign yourself for the day .
Taking on too many projects at once and trying to juggle too many different tasks will result in a cluttered work day with unimpressive results .
Resist the urge to try to get too much done , and focus more on doing your best work with what is currently on your plate .
If you struggle in this area you may be able to increase your productivity by outsourcing some of your tasks .
Some freelancers tend to work with several different clients at any given time .
Cutting back on the number of clients will help to keep you more focused on those that you are working with at the time , and you should be able to work more efficiently and effectively .
Ideally you ’ll be able to move through projects more quickly , which may allow you to still work with the same number of clients in a month or a year , you ’ll just be working less time with each and with fewer at one time .
Of course , there are many times where you ’ll have to wait on clients for feedback or to get information to you , so there will be times when this is challenging .
But if you are finding that your days tend to be chaotic and not as productive as you ’d like , take a look at the number of clients you ’re working with and try cutting back to see how it goes .
11 . Plan Your Next Day at the End of Each
This is probably more of a personal preference , but I have found that if I take a few minutes at the end of my day to plan for the next day , I ’m typically more aware of things and I can do a better job as opposed to waiting until the next morning to plan the day .
If I wait till the next morning I find that it takes me a few minutes to remember exactly where I was on certain items at the end of the last day , and I may overlook something that I would have remembered had I taken care of this the day before .
At the end of each day I can look at my to - do list for the day and quickly see where I stand on the items that I wanted and needed to get done .
At that point , planning for the next day is a quick process and I know exactly where I need to start , without running the risk of forgetting things .
Now I ’ll waste no time the next day trying to figure out what I need to do .
12 . Get Enough Sleep the Night Before
During my time as a freelancer , particularly when I was freelancing part - time on top of a full - time job , I ’ve averaged less sleep than at any other point in my life .
However , sleep is an important part of a productive schedule .
Each of us functions differently in this area , but personally I tend to notice it the most at the very beginning and end of the day .
If I ’m feeling well - rested I can be productive through these times .
If not , I struggle to stay on task .
13 . Eat Healthy
The food that you put into your body can have a big impact on your energy level and your feelings in general .
I ’m not going to go into detail here because I ’m not that knowledgeable on the topic , but generally eating healthy foods will allow for better productivity .
14 . Get Fresh Air
One of the things I dislike about working from home is the amount of time that I spend inside the house .
I often find that it helps just to take a few minutes for a walk or a drive to get some fresh air .
Sometimes working in a different environment and getting out of the house for a while can really lead to a boost in productivity .
This is something that you can accomplish with just a few minutes of your time , but it may have a noticeable impact for the next few hours .
Even when you are focusing on just one task during your block of time , it ’s helpful to take short breaks ( 5 or 10 minutes ) every couple of hours .
Taking these breaks can help you to get re-focused and to avoid working with very low efficiency due to an inability to concentrate .
15 . Work in a Comfortable Environment
As a freelancer , you ’ll probably be spending a lot of time in a home office .
Making that office a comfortable space is important in terms of increasing your productivity .
What you do with the office is n’t really important , but it should be an area that allows you to focus on your work comfortably for long periods of time .
Working in a cluttered environment can add unnecessary stress .
Take a few moments to clear of your desk or to straighten up your work area and you ’ll probably notice a difference in how you feel and your mindset about your work .
This is a simple thing that can take just a couple of minutes , but it can have a big impact by reducing stress and tension .
What ’s Your Experience ?
Feel free to share you own thoughts on the subject of productivity in the comments .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korean ex-President Roh Moo-hyun , who apparently jumped to his death on Saturday , rose to office as champion of a generation that hit the streets to fight for democracy , but left it largely written off as a failed leader .
A self - taught lawyer whose formal education ended at high school , Roh ’s most celebrated moment came when he went to Pyongyang in 2007 for a summit with Kim Jong - il in what was only the second meeting of leaders of the divided peninsula .
The left - leaning Roh , 62 , won the 2002 presidential election by riding a wave of anti-Americanism and using the Internet to rally his base of supporters of young professionals who fought in the 1980s democracy movement .
His victory surprised himself and the pundits .
“ Success depends 70 percent on luck and 30 percent on talent , ” Roh said early in his presidency .
He faced an early stumble when conservative opponents impeached him for a minor election law infraction after he had served about a year as president .
The Constitutional Court overturned the move .
Roh rode a brief wave of support but saw his popularity fall with the public feeling he was unable to deliver on his pledges to end regional politics , slow down runaway property prices and make Asia ’s fourth largest economy more competitive .
He is credited with reaching a free trade deal with the United States , cleaning up the election system and making the president more accountable .
He was also ridiculed for trying to form a coalition with the conservative Grand National Party that became more powerful during his time in office .
He was replaced by former businessman Lee Myung - bak who scored the biggest landslide in the country ’s history of open presidential elections on pledges to undo Roh ’s economic policies and end the unconditional aid his government sent to North Korea .
Roh ’s reputation as a reformer took a heavy blow when prosecutors questioned him in April on suspicion his family took about $ 6 million in bribes from a shoe company CEO .
SELF -TAUGHT
Roh was born on August 6 , 1946 to peach and chicken farmers in the southeastern town of Gimhae .
His school records include a note from his first grade teacher saying he had “ talents in all subjects , especially presenting his opinions .
Roh , who said he drew inspiration from self - taught lawyer and former U.S. President Abraham Lincoln , was able to pass South Korea ’s grueling bar exam on his own .
He later became a human rights lawyer and was jailed for three weeks in 1987 for aiding an illegal strike .
He won a parliament seat in 1988 and rose to stardom during a parliamentary corruption investigation into the 1980 - 1988 presidency of Chun Doo Hwan .
He lost a race for a parliament seat in 1992 but stayed in the ranks of left - leaning politicians and served as a fisheries minister under President Kim Dae-jung .
As president , Roh strained ties with the country ’s long - time ally the United States , while prominent members of his government lectured officials in the George W. Bush administration about policy toward North Korea .
Roh , who felt Japan had not paid proper contrition for its 1910 - 1945 colonial rule over Korea , also declared he was willing to fight a diplomatic war with Tokyo .
Roh had been living a peaceful retirement in his hometown , where he smoked cigarettes and drank cheap liquor with locals in countryside stores .
Roh said in a note written just before his death and published by Yonhap news agency : “ I have been too much of an imposition on others . ”
“ Do n’t blame anybody .
It ’s fate .
Please cremate me .
And please leave a small tombstone near home .
I ’ve long thought about that . ”
DONG Energy , E.ON and Masdar will invest DKK 16.4 billion ( about $ US3 billion ) in building the first 630 MW phase of the London Array offshore wind farm in the Thames Estuary .
Once complete , the scheme will be the world ’s largest , and the first 1GW , offshore wind farm .
The project will supply enough power for around 750,000 homes — or a quarter of Greater London homes — and displace the emission of 1.9 m tonnes of CO 2 every year .
The decision to proceed came after the UK Government ’s recent proposal to increase its support for offshore wind power , according to the partners , who are now satisfied that the project is now financially viable .
Onshore work is now due to start in the summer , with offshore work due to start in early 2011 .
The scheme will be built around 12 miles off the coasts of Kent and Essex .
The wind farm will be installed on a 90 square mile site and will be built in two phases .
The consortium hopes the first phase of 630MW will be completed and generating in 2012 .
The first phase will consist of 175 turbines .
The second phase will add enough capacity to bring the total to 1,000MW .
The project consortium partners have the following shareholdings : DONG Energy owns 50 % , E.ON has 30 % and Masdar has a 20 % stake .
Less than a month after Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman publicly declared all peace talks with the Palestinians were dead , the controversial Yisraeli Beiteinu head used a visit to Rome to insist that the government was dedicated to producing a peace deal with the Palestinians , and said he was confident that the Netanyahu government would “ reach a secure and definitive peace ” with not just the Palestinians , but all the Arab nations as well .
Further pointing to a dramatic shift in the hawkish government ’s official position , Deputy Foreign Minister Daniel Ayalon says that , despite Lieberman ’s previous claims to the contrary , the government would abide by the commitments of previous governments and would pursue a two - state solution .
The change of heart likely comes from the massive loss of international support the government has seen in the month since the Netanyahu government took over and started publicly opposing peace .
Even the United States , notoriously unwilling to question Israeli policy , began to publicly contradict them , though Lieberman insists that the Obama Administration will accept any position Israel chooses to take .
Israel has demanded that the European Union back off its public criticism of the Netanyahu government , and Lieberman ’s visit is aimed primarily at repairing the damaged relationship with them .
Whether it marks an actual policy shift or is just diplomatic grandstanding , however , remains to be seen .
Since I ’m currently taking Windows 7 for a test drive I had to set up a copy VirtualBox with Ubuntu 8.10 in order to make use of the terminal ( I ca n’t stand PuTTY or any other Windows alternative ) .
In the past I had always used VMWare so this was my first venture into the land of VirtualBox .
Overall I found it much easier to install and make use of , but I was stumped when it came to making the window bigger than 800×600 .
Within the Ubuntu session it only let me choose 640×480 or 800×600 , which did n’t work for me .
So I did some research and eventually came up with a solution .
Use your host key ( ie : Right Ctrl ) to escape out of the confines of the Ubuntu desktop , and click the Devices drop down , and then Install Guest Addons .
This will mount a virtual CD within your Ubuntu session .
I actually got an error at this step but I just hit Ok and it did n’t effect me .
Now you should see a CD icon on your desktop .
Open up your Terminal and type :
cd /media/cdrom0
In this folder there are some scripts for 64 bit linux and 32 bit .
For some reason the 64bit ones failed to work for me , so I had to use the 32 bit ones within 64 bit linux .
I would suggest doing the same .
sudo sh ./VBoxLinuxAdditions - x86.run
This will configure your Ubuntu session so that it can allow you to use higher resolutions .
First you must reboot your Ubuntu session or restart the display manager by hitting Ctrl + Alt + Backspace .
Next go to :
System Preferences Screen Resolution
Set your resolution and hit apply .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
All 12 men arrested over a suspected bomb plot in the UK have now been released without charge by police .
Eleven - all Pakistani nationals - have been transferred to UK Border Agency custody and face possible deportation .
Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police Peter
Fahy defended the inquiry , saying he was not " embarrassed " .
But the Muslim Council of Britain said the government should admit it had made a mistake and claimed the way it had dealt with the men was " dishonourable " .
' Serious questions ' Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's spokesman told reporters : " We are seeking to remove these individuals on grounds of national security .
" The government 's highest priority is to protect public safety .
Where a foreign national poses a threat to the country , we will seek to exclude or deport them where appropriate . "
However , lawyers for the men point out that they have not been charged and are innocent of any crime .
Of the 12 men arrested in raids in Liverpool , Manchester and Clitheroe in Lancashire , 11 were Pakistani nationals , with 10 holding student visas .
One was from Britain .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) decided there was insufficient evidence to press charges - or even to convince magistrates to allow police to hold the men any longer .
Greater Manchester Police led the inquiry and Mr Fahy said : " I do not believe a mistake has been made .
" I do not feel embarrassed or humiliated about what we have done .
We carried out our duty . "
Dominic Casciani , of the BBC 's home affairs team
If someone is arrested on suspicion of a crime , they either end up in the dock or walking out of the police station a free man .
But for foreign nationals accused of crime there is a third way - being sent directly for immigration removal .
The home secretary has considerable powers to deport foreign nationals whose presence is not conducive to the public good - and she does n't need hard criminal evidence to go ahead .
The cases will go to the Special Immigration Appeals Commission , effectively a national security tribunal .
It can hear evidence in secret - which means that intelligence assessments with no weight in a criminal trial can be used to ban someone from the UK .
That means that we 're unlikely to ever hear the full story - and if the men lose , the security services can say they acted appropriately .
It boils down to the difference between whatever the secret intelligence police and security services believed they had uncovered and the lack of evidence that the men were doing anything illegal .
He added the fact the raids had to be brought forward after Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick accidentally revealed secret documents to photographers had not affected the outcome .
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson added : " I am satisfied that the action taken was the right action taken and we now have to follow the proper legal process . "
Mr Fahy said both the Muslim community and public at large understood the threat to the UK and that police would sometimes arrest people without pressing charges afterwards .
Other people were free to speculate that a terrorist plot had been foiled following the raids but the police 's duty was to protect the public and gather evidence , he added .
Lawyer Mohammed Ayub , who is representing three of the men , said in a statement : " After 13 days in custody , during which no evidence of any wrongdoing was disclosed , they have now been released without charge .
" Our clients have no criminal history , they were here lawfully on student visas and all were pursuing their studies and working part - time .
Our clients are neither extremists nor terrorists . "
Inayat Bunglawala , of the Muslim Council of Britain , said the government had been " dishonourable " over the way it had dealt with the men .
Mr Bunglawala told the BBC that when the arrests " took place in very dramatic circumstances of students being pulled out of university and thrown to the floor " the public had been assured the men posed a serious threat .
He said it was unacceptable for the government to make these sorts of prejudicial remarks from the outset and then , having found insufficient evidence to bring charges , to deport the men anyway .
" Politics should not be interfering with what is primarily a legal process , " he said .
" What we do n't want is people becoming cynical as a result of politician 's premature remarks and thinking : ' well , that 's what they said last time ' . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne described it as " yet another embarrassment " for Home Secretary Jacqui Smith .
" Serious questions need to be answered about whether Bob Quick 's blunder distorted this operation and on what grounds these men are being deported , " he said .
BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera said : " I think there will be a sense of a need to learn some lessons from this is in terms of public presentation . "
Assistant Commissioner Quick - the UK 's most senior counter - terrorism officer - quit his post a day after the operation .
However , the home secretary told MPs on Monday the error had not damaged the operation and the only impact had been that the raids had been brought forward " by a matter of hours " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AS SILLY and pep-rallyish as some of the anti-tax " Tea Parties " seemed , there 's news from Rhode Island of a passionate anti-tax protest actually , you know , working .
At a townhall meeting in Woonsocket , dozens of residents and business owners expressed anger and frustration over a supplemental tax hike .
At the end of a nearly six - hour debate , the city council voted down the measure .
This story has a man - bites - dog quality — a town showing up at a townhall !
It 's like an episode of Gilmore Girls .
But it really should n't be .
The only point of online activism is taking it offline .
This is why the Republican craze for Twitter only makes sense when Republicans promote some kind of political action .
It makes less sense when they tell their friends to watch them on TV .
I got a new unibody MacBook today , and for the first time ever , getting a new Mac has n’t left me happy .
Dear Apple : Please bring back either FireWire target mode or a replacement that , you know , works .
It used to be , when you got a new Mac , you started up your old Mac in “ FireWire target mode ” , and plugged it in , and this thing called Migration Assistant turned your new Mac into your old Mac , only newer and faster and better .
It might take as much as a couple of hours , but who cares ?
This is a killer feature .
Er , this was a killer feature .
The new MacBooks do n’t have FireWire .
That ’s OK , when it comes up it invites you to wire up your old mac via Ethernet , fire up Migration Assistant , and let ’er rip .
Only it progressed from “ 4 hours 37 minutes remaining ” to “ 2 hours 50 minutes remaining ” and then said “ The other Macintosh has gone offline . ”
Repeatably .
Well OK then , it says it ’ll also restore from a Time Capsule backup .
I have one of those .
It got on the WiFi all right , and has now spent five hours in “ Checking Time Machine Backup ” mode .
My confidence that this is going to work is subsiding fast .
In the old days , I would have been happily running on the new machine by now , cheerily blogging about my shiny new Mac .
As it is , it looks to me like Apple , not to put too fine a point on it , removed a killer feature from a flagship product .
This does n’t feel like a good idea .
Um , dear LazyWeb : Advice would be welcome .
Gone are the days when police had to do with those bulky bullet - proof vests , scientists at the American Institute of Physics have come up with a solution to the problem .
They have developed a thickening fluid that turns soft material into solid protective gear .
After treating with the fluid soft bullet proof material becomes very hard and prevents the projectile from tearing through it .
Tiny hard particles cluster together and jam when stuck by a sudden force .
The liquid technology is being tested on Kevlar to make bullet proof vests lighter , more flexible and more comfortable .
Plans are afoot by the US military to use the liquid technology to improve Kevlar vest for troops .
Related link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KsW7oY-9NU
Please log in to play
Facebook user ?
Sign in with Facebook Connect Email Address Password Remember me Forgot Password ?
Play !
Hands up , I must admit that I had n't been following the twitterings of Joe Barton , the 59 - year - old Republican congressman for the sixth district of Texas .
But it appears , judging by his latest offering , that we might have a new star rising among the Twiteratti .
" I seemed [ sic ] to have baffled the Energy Sec with basic question - Where does oil come from ? " he hurriedly typed out on his TwitterBerry last night ( or maybe it was one of his staff ? ) .
Barton was referring to his role as the highest - ranking Republican on the US House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the fact that he put the final question to Steven Chu , the new US secretary of energy , during his appearance before the committee yesterday .
" Smokey " Joe Barton – who some bloggers have been keen to point out has been the recipient of $ 1,330,160 in " oil money " during his career – is evidently very pleased with himself as he believes that his killer question " baffled " the Nobel Prize - winning physicist and former professor of physics and molecular and cellular biology at Berkeley .
Judge for yourself by watching the video above .
Here 's the transcript of the exchange :
Barton : Dr Chu , I do n't want to leave you out .
You 're our scientist .
I have one simple question for you in the last six seconds .
How did all the oil and gas get to Alaska and under the Arctic Ocean ?
Chu : ( Laughs )
This is a complicated story , but oil and gas is the result of hundreds of millions of years of geology and in that time also the plates have moved around .
And so , it 's a combination of where the sources of the oil and gas …
Barton :
Is n't it obvious that at one time it was a lot warmer in Alaska and on the North Pole ?
It was n't a big pipeline that we 've created from Texas and shipped it up there and put it under ground so we can now pump it up ?
Chu :
No , there are continental plates that have been drifting around throughout the geological ages .
Barton :
So it just drifted up there .
Chu : Uh… That 's certainly what happened .
It 's a result of things like that .
Chairman :
The gentleman 's time has expired .
What a shame
Chu did n't have longer to tackle the important question of whether there might indeed be a big pipeline carrying " dinosaur juice " , as some Texas oilmen like to refer to the black stuff , from the Lone Star state up to the Arctic circle .
It 's a shame , too , that Barton did n't have the time to quiz Chu on the veracity , or otherwise , of climate change and its anthropogenic causes .
After all , this is what Barton said just a couple of weeks ago before the very same committee :
I believe that Earth 's climate is changing , but I think it 's changing for natural variation reasons .
And I think mankind has been adopting , or adapting , to climate as long as man has walked the Earth .
When it rains we find shelter .
When it 's hot , we get shade .
When it 's cold , we find a warm place to stay .
Adaptation is the practical , affordable , utterly natural reflex response to nature when the planet is heating or cooling , as it always is .
As well as this , a few weeks earlier , on the matter of increasing the use of wind turbines :
Wind is God 's way of balancing heat .
Wind is the way you shift heat from areas where it 's hotter to areas where it 's cooler .
That 's what wind is .
Would n't it be ironic if in the interest of global warming we mandated massive switches to energy , which is a finite resource , which slows the winds down , which causes the temperature to go up ?
Now , I 'm not saying that 's going to happen , Mr Chairman , but that is definitely something on the massive scale .
I mean , it does make some sense .
You stop something , you can't transfer that heat , and the heat goes up .
It 's just something to think about .
Barton , of course , is a well - known climate change sceptic who recently called our very own Viscount Monckton of Brenchley to the committee as an " expert witness " on climate change , and who led the witch - hunt against Michael Mann , Raymond Bradley and Malcolm Hughes and their now - famous " hockey stick graph " , which has become such an emblematic flashpoint in the Climate Wars that rage here online and beyond .
Personally , I say give this man a show .
Barton , somewhat modestly , has already set up his own YouTube channel , but I think this man 's views need to reach a wider audience .
After all , sunlight is the best disinfectant .
Advertisements
On his MSNBC show Countdown tonight , Keith Olbermann expressed concern for Rush Limbaugh ’s mental health after the right wing talker declared America a failure because President Obama as succeeding .
Check out the video of Arianna Huffington and Keith Olbermann analyzing Rush Limbaugh .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Guest Arianna Huffington brought up a really great point when it comes to understanding Rush Limbaugh through the years .
She said , “ I think , in a sense , if you look at what he has been saying through the years , there has never been any logic to it , because is all about code words .
It is about buzz words .
It ’s about appealing to the worst instincts in his audience , and that is what is really so sad , and kind of dangerous . ”
Later she added , “ We ca n’t be expected to understand Rush Limbaugh in normal rational terms , because it is not about the head , it is about the gut .
If you carefully look at his words , it words like Obama is raping the private sector .
If you are a small businessman you have a target on your back .
These are very emotional words that appeal to some very dark fears and anxieties in people going through tough times . ”
Huffington said that there is no way that the Republican Party will ever regain majorities in Congress by following Rush Limbaugh .
This is why the moderate Republicans have split from him .
I disagree with Huffington on one key point .
I do n’t think Limbaugh is dangerous at all .
I think he is akin to a clown performing in the center ring of a circus .
Rush is dangerous to those who are within his sphere of influence , which is the GOP , but the nation at large , his is nothing more than the voice of the angry , middle aged , white man .
By Katya Adler
BBC News , Jerusalem
Samia Ihdaidoon says she and her family were given five minutes to vacate their home
Five young children cling to their mother .
All of them are crying .
This morning , without warning , Israeli bulldozers came to destroy their home in Jabal Mukabar area of East Jerusalem .
Speaking amongst the mangled remains of her house , Samia Ihdaidoon says she was still sleeping when Israel 's police arrived .
" They came pounding on the doors and climbed in through the bedroom window as if it was a raid .
They said I had five minutes to put on my scarf and collect our valuables , then I had to get out .
It 's a shock for the children .
Look at their faces .
I 'm in despair . "
We 're not going to leave .
Why should I leave for the Israelis ?
This is our land .
Even if we have to put up a tent and live in it
Samia Ihdaidoon Israel says the Ihdaidoon 's house was demolished because it was built illegally .
Angry neighbours congregate in the rubble .
Osama Zahaika told us Israel makes it almost impossible for Palestinians to get building permits in East Jerusalem .
" As a Palestinian I know why they do it .
Israel does n't want us here .
My house , most of the Palestinian houses in East Jerusalem are illegal .
Not granting us construction permission , demolishing our houses .
It 's a form of quiet transfer , " Mr Zahaika says .
" People like to talk of human rights .
Where are human rights here ?
If you destroy a family home in winter , it 's cold .
In summer , it 's hot .
At the same time Israelis can build and live in East Jerusalem without being disturbed .
Is it one rule for us , one rule for the Jews , the Israelis ? "
KEY STORIES
Eviction in battle for East Jerusalem Clinton concern over demolitions W Bank building ' bias ' condemned Israel ' lax on demolition orders '
More to come Israel 's Association for Civil Rights says Jerusalem 's municipality uses planning regulations to curb Palestinian construction .
Although Palestinians make up an estimated one third of the Jerusalem population , according to ACRI , only 7.25 % of the city 's land is designated for their building projects .
Hundreds of East Jerusalem Palestinians have lost their homes over the past few years , thanks to demolition orders .
Israeli NGO's , such as B'Tselem , warn that close to 2,000 could face the same fate over the next months .
If current demolition orders are carried out , this would be the largest loss of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem since Israel captured the territory just over 40 years ago .
At the same time , Jewish Israeli citizens are moving in to the area .
This is illegal under international law as East Jerusalem is occupied territory , though Israel disputes this and has annexed the area .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Palestinians fear this could mean the end of a dream - to one day have East Jerusalem as the capital of their own state .
The international community 's Middle East envoy Tony Blair told me this cannot be allowed to happen .
" The only two - state solution which will work is one that is fair and that will mean East Jerusalem as the capital of a Palestinian state .
It will also mean that it is a state that is viable in terms of its territory . "
' Hot air '
The issue of home demolitions is now attracting widespread international attention .
As we stood , hot and dusty , amongst the Ihdaidoon 's rubble , four smart , shiny United Nations cars powered towards us .
Even if we are talking about a few buildings that have been pulled down , this is not expulsion .
When there is illegal building , we have to enforce the law but nothing will be done without the co-operation of the residents .
Naomi Tsur
Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem Robert Serry , the UN's Special Co-ordinator for the Middle East peace process , stepped out .
It was a surprise visit .
He offered his sympathies to the family .
They thanked him politely but asked for action , not just words .
Mr Serry said he'd spoken about the East Jerusalem demolitions to Israel 's new right - wing government .
" Of course , if these kind of things which I 'm now seeing here continue they will not help any peace process .
I know how much Jerusalem is dear to many Israelis but it is also dear to Palestinians , " Mr Serry said .
" We have to find a solution to that but we , as the international community , expect from the parties - in this case from the Jerusalem authorities here - not to make our work even harder . "
New plan
At Jerusalem 's municipality , the new Deputy Mayor , Naomi Tsur , said there was a lot of hot air surrounding the issue , that all Jerusalem residents are treated equally .
Illegally built houses are demolished in West Jerusalem too .
The Ihdaidoon family have salvaged some of their belongings " Even if we are talking about a few buildings that have been pulled down , this is not expulsion .
When there is illegal building , we have to enforce the law but nothing will be done without the co-operation of the residents , " Ms Tsur insists .
" Jerusalem is a city for all its citizens , north , south , east and west .
No group that asks to meet myself or the mayor is refused .
" We are looking into affordable housing projects in east Jerusalem for young Muslim couples , young Christian couples .
We have a new city plan .
The first in Jerusalem since 1959 . "
Back at the Ihdaidoon's , father of the family , Amar , began replanting two trees uprooted by Israel 's bulldozers almost as soon as they had left .
He wants to rebuild the family home as soon as possible .
Jerusalem , he told me , is Palestinian .
" We 're not going to leave , " his wife Samia insists .
" Why should I leave for the Israelis ?
This is our land .
Even if we have to put up a tent and live in it . "
The Ihdaidoons have opted for quiet resistance but other Palestinians warn growing frustration in East Jerusalem could spark violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Riding high off the success of his recent acoustic revamping of 2007 ’s Mind Control album , Bob Marley ’s most sought after son… producer / songwriter Stephen Marley – spoke with ABORT Magazine about his upcoming tour with Snoop Dogg and Slightly Stoopid , his studio essentials and working with Canadian artist K’naan .
( MP3 | 8:42 )
Hosted and Produced by E. S. Day
You can read the entire interview with Stephen , in the next issue of ABORT Magazine
Stephenmarleymusic.com
myspace.com/stephenmarley
_____________________________________________
WANT MORE INTERVIEWS ?
CLICK THE BADGE , OR VISIT :
abortmag.com /abortcast
AbortCast uses Recorders Exclusively .
Copyright © 2004 -2009 ABORT
Magazine .
All Rights Reserved .
Reproduction of this publication , in whole or in part , in any form or medium without express written permission from Abort Media Publishing Corporation ( AMP Corp. ) is prohibited .
All use is subject to our Terms of Use .
Monetary economist George Selgin agrees with Bob on the flaws with MMT , but then the two continue their debate ( started at the Soho Forum ) on fractional ...
17 hours ago
Here among sugar beet fields and roadside signs advertising buffalo meat , the Red River has carved a path of destruction .
Across the river in North Dakota , Fargo , a city of 90,000 , is bracing for a potentially devastating flood .
But in Oakport Township -- population 1,600 -- icy runoff has submerged dikes and smashed windows .
The river banged against doors and frothed off streets , stranding residents who refused to flee .
The tops of mailboxes and cars poke from floodwater like buoys .
Kevin Campbell , Clay County commissioner , was aghast as he toured the neighborhood Saturday .
“ It ’s more water than I ever imagined , ” he said , his eyes weary .
Advertisement
Campbell had evacuated his home here Friday , when forecasters were predicting the river might crest at a previously unthinkable 43 feet .
Campbell , 55 , slept in the employee lounge at the county courthouse , on a black imitation leather sofa .
“ I thought it would n’t be good to stay here when I told everyone else to leave , ” he said .
On Saturday , as Campbell made his rounds , the National Weather Service revised its estimates and said the river should stay below 41 feet and slowly recede .
The news was welcomed in Fargo , the nearby Minnesota town of Moorhead and rural areas such as Oakport Township , where residents have been rescued by canoes and swamp boats .
Advertisement
Their joy was muted , however .
The river is expected to remain swollen for days , pushing against barriers made of earth , sandbags and , in Campbell ’s neighborhood , hay bales .
Thousands of National Guard troops and sleepless residents continued patrolling levees up and down Minnesota and North Dakota .
The danger prompted President Obama to devote his weekly address to the flooding , saying that the volunteer efforts were inspirational and that federal officials would provide any help needed .
There has been some property damage in Fargo , but in Oakport Township and Moorhead , it was clear some houses would be lost .
And Campbell had no time to rest .
He drove his muddy red pickup -- stocked with bottled water , a walkie - talkie , a legal pad and ibuprofen -- to a township neighborhood called Brentwood Acres and his butter - colored , red - trimmed split - level home .
Advertisement
For a time , he and his wife , Kristy , each owned houses on opposite sides of the river .
They decided where to settle in the 1980s by putting both houses on the market .
His , in Fargo , sold first .
Last week , with his wife safe in a hotel in Detroit Lakes , Minn. , Campbell hoped to wait out the flood here .
Then he talked to the Sheriff ’s Department .
“ They said to me , ‘ Kevin , people first .
Get them out . ’ ”
All but 40 or so residents fled , some angry that anyone told them to run .
Campbell shoved into a suitcase a few T - shirts and a burgundy button - down for commission meetings .
He bought a toothbrush and a deodorant at Wal - Mart .
When he awoke at the courthouse Saturday , he was determined to go home .
The road from Moorhead was lined with the cars of residents whose streets had flooded .
Brentwood Acres was ghostly .
Camouflage military vehicles veered around stacks of pallets and hay bales .
Only a handmade lawn sign offered food and warmth .
Advertisement
Campbell checked his backyard first .
A makeshift barrier had halted about 2 feet of water .
He ducked into the house .
His family had stripped the downstairs of possessions , and his cream carpet was dry .
Upstairs , his family had stored a Goodwill ’s worth of clothes , a 42 - inch flat - screen TV and his 3 - year - old granddaughter ’s socks and toys .
He smiled , but briefly .
A neighbor , Randy Berggren , had told him that others ’ basements were steeped in sewage .
Berggren also was reluctant to take comfort in the revised river forecast .
“ If the levee broke right now , we ’d be done , ” he told Campbell .
“ It would overtake us . ”
Campbell left Brentwood Acres with Spc. Raymond Pizarro , who pushed through more devastated streets in a 5 - ton military vehicle .
He pointed out a house that had caught fire and burned down before authorities could reach it .
All that remained was a circle of sandbags and a chimney .
Advertisement
Another group of National Guard troops scooped up a woman who was evacuating in a green canoe .
There was no running water at her house , which had escaped flooding .
Pizarro said her husband had decided to stay behind .
A number of other folks had refused to evacuate : the woman who sat on her porch , watching her sump pump and the Christmas bulbs dangling on leafless trees ; the man who checked his sandbags , spotted Pizarro and gave him a thumbs up .
Campbell chatted with Mike Larson , who wore earflaps and desert camouflage pants , wielded a shovel and never appeared to shiver in knee - high water that was kept away from his house by a barrier of sandbags .
“ That ’s everything I got , ” he said , pointing to his home .
“ I ’ve got to protect it . ”
Campbell returned to his truck and headed back to Moorhead .
The sun had started to wane .
He had to attend yet another flood briefing and was starting to get the days mixed up .
Advertisement
He arrived at the courthouse and stepped over a hastily made flood barrier .
He shuffled back to work .
--
ashley.powers@latimes.com
Times staff writer Kim Murphy in Seattle contributed to this report .
Advertisement
--
latimes.com / flooding
More photos of the Midwest flooding are available online .
In the past weeks Seaside has been mentioned several times in the context of application development for the iPhone .
John McIntosh announced two Seaside applications that are available for sale on the app store .
In both cases the Squeak VM is running natively on the iPhone serving pages to a web browser that is displayed on the screen .
Also announced , but not yet available , is a Pier system that can serve pages from any iPhone .
Jérôme Layat announced an iPhone On Line Planning Poker that makes use of the Comet , Scriptaculous and iSea packages .
Of course the application also runs in any other web browser , not just in Safari on the iPhone .
This list is to be continued ...
The story goes that the renowned physicist Richard Feynman was once asked to summarize the most important finding of modern science in a single sentence .
Feynman replied , “ The universe is made of atoms . ”
Although there are many other scientific discoveries that are arguably of equal importance , Feynman ’s choice makes a lot of sense .
The discovery of atoms is so familiar to us that it ’s easy to overlook its breathtaking significance .
We know , at the smallest scale where it still makes sense to talk about distinct objects , what are the fundamental building blocks that matter is made of , and we have described their interactions with astounding precision .
Our understanding of everything from why the stars shine , to how DNA replicates , to why a table is solid , relies on our knowledge of the way atoms behave .
Atomic theory is now so well - established , and so widely accepted , that it ’s easy to forget how controversial a notion it originally was .
In fact , atomism was once synonymous with atheism , and it was the bête noire of Western religion not just for centuries , but for millennia .
It was in the fifth century BCE that the Greek philosophers Leucippus and Democritus first proposed the idea that matter was composed of indivisible particles called atoms .
But these ideas came to their fullest flowering in the mind of their successor , Epicurus , who lived around 300 BCE .
In Epicurean philosophy , the world was ultimately comprised of atoms and the void .
All that exists and all that occurs – from flowing water to burning fire to human thought – is due to the movement and collision of atoms and the endless , ever - changing array of patterns they arrange themselves in .
The ruling principles of the Epicurean cosmos are natural law and random chance , not purpose or plan , and we who live in it and are part of it can find happiness by learning to accept whatever happens with virtue and tranquility .
Epicurus did believe that the gods existed – he saw this as the only way to explain the widespread dreams and visions of them – but in his philosophy , they were not supernatural spirits but material beings composed of atoms , just like humans .
More importantly , they did not take any interest in human affairs ; they were more like images than actual persons .
In scientific terms , it ’s impressive how much Democritus and Epicurus got right .
They correctly anticipated the very discovery that Richard Feynman called the most important element of modern science .
Epicurus even believed that atoms sometimes exhibited “ random swerves ” , a startling point of agreement with modern quantum mechanics .
If he had claimed that a god told him all this , it would have been by far the most impressive example of theism anticipating later scientific discovery , and genuinely difficult for an atheist to explain .
Yet to the theologians and churchmen who came after him , Epicurus ’ ideas were the depths of heresy .
His materialist notion of the cosmos – no creator deity , no life after death , everything that exists made of patterns of atoms – was anathema to the monotheist conception of an orderly cosmos arranged and guided by God .
For centuries , being accused of “ Epicureanism ” was a very serious charge indeed .
For example , the Jewish writings known as the Mishnah , in 200 CE , had this to say :
And these are the people who do not merit the world to come :
The ones who say that there is no resurrection from the dead , and those who deny the Torah is from the heavens , and Epicureans .
Indeed , the Jewish word for “ heretic ” – apikoros – appears to be a Hebrew transliteration of “ Epicurean ” .
The Hebrew benediction known as the Amidah , which is recited three times daily by observant Jews , contains a prayer which asks that “ may all the apikorsim be destroyed in an instant ” ( source ) .
As Christianity became ascendant , it treated Epicureans no less kindly .
Acts 17:16 - 18 records how the first Christians viewed them :
“ Now while Paul waited for them at Athens , his spirit was stirred in him , when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry .
Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews , and with the devout persons , and in the market daily with them that met with him .
Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans , and of the Stoicks , encountered him .
And some said , What will this babbler say ?
other some , He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods . ”
Early Christian apologists such as Tertullian , Jerome and Augustine reviled Epicurus , calling him a “ pig ” and an advocate of “ depravity and gluttony ” , and his philosophy a “ frigid conceit ” ( source ; see also ) .
Throughout the Middle Ages , as Christianity gained secular power , the ridicule and persecution grew worse .
The Byzantine emperor Justinian I , who actively suppressed non-Christian faiths , closed down the philosophy schools of Athens , including the Epicurean Garden , which had survived for eight hundred years .
The twelfth - century philosopher Nicholas of Autrecourt , who taught an atomist doctrine similar to Epicurus ’ , was condemned and forced to recant and burn his writings .
In the Divine Comedy , Dante depicts Epicurus and all his followers “ who with the body make the spirit die ” as imprisoned in flaming tombs for all eternity .
As late as the 1600s , Epicurean theories were reviled , as one pamphleteer wrote : “ Let that beastly Epicure ’s mouth be now sealed up in dumb silence . ”
Yet Epicurus , that sly old Greek , had the last laugh .
The church persecuted his followers and sought to stamp out his teachings , but not only did Epicureanism survive , it was vindicated .
The universe is made of atoms after all .
Natural phenomena like weather , the growth of crystals , even the currents of human motion and thought can be traced back to patterns of atoms and their ceaseless ebb and flow .
As in many other areas , this is one where religion arrogantly thought to wade in before science had had its say , and was forced to retreat .
We do not live in the medieval church ’s world , where our bodies are just so much fleshly dust powered by immaterial currents of spirit , and the heavenly bodies move in spheres of celestial ether .
We live in a grand cosmic clockwork of atoms and molecules , a vast mesh whose unfolding is determined by random chance and the immutable laws of cause and effect .
We live in Epicurus ’ world .
If you ’re a struggling entrepreneur , then this article will provide you with a set of guidelines to follow on how to succeed in business .
In fact , these are the exact principles that I teach all of the students in my Create A Profitable Online Store Course to help them consistently make forward progress .
Now I ’ve been running my class for 7 + years now and I ’ve come to learn that much of success is mental .
Intelligence is not nearly as important as having the proper mindset and establishing a set of habits and rules that guarantee the desired outcome .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
How To Succeed In Business Video Overview
Rule # 1 : Work On The Stuff That Matters First
Here ’s a fun fact .
Almost a third of the students who sign up for my class quickly rush to incorporate their business or form an LLC before even knowing exactly what they want to sell .
And after that , they spend another good chunk of time worrying about the different licenses and permits that they “ might ” have to obtain for their ecommerce shop .
A small subset of these students then go off and ask me questions about what business expenses they can deduct on their tax return .
Steve , if I buy an iPad , can I expense it on my business ?
None of this stuff really matters early on !
You can incorporate or get your LLC at any time .
All of the information on permits and other legalities that you need to obtain are pretty straightforward and easy to find .
And learning all of the tax implications is great but it ’s not going to help you make money !
All of this stuff is trivial and easy to accomplish which is why most people work on these things first .
They want to delude themselves into thinking they are making progress when in fact they are just dragging their feet .
Tackle the hard problems first !
If you ca n’t overcome the difficult steps , then you wo n’t even have to bother with the easy stuff .
Rule # 2 : Do n’t Be Stingy At The Expense Of Time
What !?!
Are you suggesting that I spend $ 29 a month on Shopify or BigCommerce ?
Did n’t you say that there are other students in the class running their shops for just $ 5 a month ?
Everyone has different capabilities .
There are some people who are adept with computers and learning new skills .
Heck , there are many students in my class who joined without knowing a lick of HTML / PHP / CSS and now they are managing their own open source ecommerce platforms all by themselves .
If you have no desire to host your own site or if you are extremely tech averse , it does n’t make sense to learn how to design your own website because you ’ll struggle and never make consistent progress .
If you lack certain skills , it sometimes makes sense to pay for services to compensate for what you are not good at so you can focus on your strengths .
If you are cringing at paying $ 29 a month for your online business , then chances are you do n’t have the right mindset .
Think about it this way .
Starting a traditional brick and mortar store would cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars .
And yet you are worried about $ 29 a month ?
That ’s ridiculous .
The other day , I had a student balk at the pricing of Jungle Scout .
For all of you who are unfamiliar with the tool , Jungle Scout is easily one of the most essential tools to have when selling on Amazon .
It only costs $ 97 for lifetime access and if you do n’t have it , then you are at a severe disadvantage .
Once again , if you are balking at $ 97 , then starting an ecommerce business is probably not for you .
Even though I have a reputation for doing a lot of things by myself , I still pay for plenty of expensive services that help me automate and further my business .
For example …
I pay $ 100s a month for professional webhosting even though I know how to run my own linux webserver .
for professional webhosting even though I know how to run my own linux webserver .
I pay $ 100s a month for Drip , my email marketing provider
for Drip , my email marketing provider I pay $ 100s every month for payroll services , software and other things I could create myself
It takes money to make money and you should not go into a business without being willing to spend some cash to do things right .
Do n’t be cheap !
Rule # 3 : Do n’t Believe Everything You Read Online
Steve , I read on the warrior forums the other day that guest posting is dead .
How am I going to get backlinks now ?
Steve , I read somewhere that you ca n’t make money with Adwords so should I even bother running a campaign ?
Steve , I heard that Facebook is saturated and too expensive now .
Should I still advertise there ?
Now I ’m not going to say that everything you read online is garbage , but most of it is .
By the time you sift through all of the crap to get to the good stuff , you ’ve probably wasted a huge amount of your time .
There ’s nothing wrong with reading blogs or browsing the internet marketing forums but take everything you read with a grain of salt , especially when it comes to search engine optimization .
Honestly , the only people who know exactly what is going on with SEO are Google search engine engineers .
Most of what you read online is just speculation .
If you want to make better use of your time , you should n’t learn from random anonymous people on the Internet or even your peers .
You should study from the experts .
These days , I spend most of my time hanging out with people who are doing much better than I am , people who I am humbled to be around .
It ’s easy to spend your time and make friends with people on the forums or people at your own level , but you wo n’t learn very much this way .
Once I started talking to other ecommerce store owners and bloggers who were 10X more successful than myself , I started doing a lot better .
Rule # 4 : Do n’t Wait Too Long. Just Launch !
I am constantly producing new content for my course so there ’s always more to learn .
But this constant flow of new information can be a double edged sword for some students .
In fact , there are some people in my class who have been there for a very long time and still have n’t launched their business even though …
They have selected their niche
selected their niche
They have their domain
their domain
They have their suppliers lined up
their suppliers lined up
They have signed up for Amazon
signed up for Amazon
They have their website pretty much ready to go
A lot of us are perfectionists and I know it can be tough to finally launch your business and put yourself out there .
But you need to try not to over focus on the tiny details .
No matter how hard you work to make things perfect , something is going to go wrong .
So instead of focusing on tiny little details like how big your logo looks and whether your product verbiage is perfect , just get the thing out there and start gathering data .
Once you have real customer data , you ’ll get a better handle on where you should be spending your time .
On the flip side , once you do decide to launch , you have to put out your best work and give yourself a chance to succeed .
For example , a lot of new entrepreneurs are so anxious to launch that they rush out a sub par website or a terrible Amazon listing , receive no sales and then just give up .
Crap in always equals crap out and there ’s a fine line between just taking action and putting out quality work .
Did you know that Amazon has a grace period and provides more visibility to brand new products in the beginning to see how they perform ?
Well if you put out a poor listing during this grace period , then you are essentially shooting yourself in the foot .
Even though it ’s important to take action and launch , make sure that your work meets a certain standard of quality before you jump to conclusions based on your results .
Rule # 6 : Focus On One Thing At A Time
Ecommerce is complicated and there are hundreds of strategies that you COULD be using to grow your business .
But if you try to learn all of them , then you will succeed at none of them .
Overall , it ’s better to be really good at one thing than mediocre at many things .
In the early stages of your business , it ’s important to find just one strategy that works and double down on it .
And do n’t move on until you ’ve saturated that one strategy .
Did you know that back in the early days , Bumblebee Linens practically hit 6 figures advertising on Adwords alone ?
You just need one good channel to hit 100 K or more .
That ’s it !
Do not try to learn Facebook , Google , Amazon , Pinterest , Twitter , Instagram all at once .
Because if you do , you ’ll quickly get overwhelmed and fail .
Here ’s how I operate all of my businesses .
Every single year , I have one large overarching goal .
In 2015 , I focused on learning and growing the Amazon side of my business .
In 2016 , I focused on improving my website conversion rate and email marketing
In 2017 , I focused on Facebook advertising
In 2018 , I focused on Facebook Messenger marketing .
Just pick one thing and concentrate on proficiency !
Rule # 7 : Establish Habits That Ensure Forward Progress
In order to make forward progress , you must create a habit of consistently working on your business .
After all , success is about making small incremental gains over time rather than one massive leap .
Before you decide to start a business , you have to be willing to commit to it for at least 2 years or more .
Why so long ?
It ’s because most new entrepreneurs quit before they see the gains .
Most entrepreneurs do n’t reap the rewards until after the 1 year mark .
Stealing an analogy from my friend James Clear , starting a business is like melting an ice cube .
You work your butt off to raise the temperature degree by degree starting from 0 degrees Fahrenheit .
1…2…3…4…5…6
From degree 0 thru 32 , there ’s no change , no progress , and you want to give up .
But once you hit 33 degrees , the ice slowly begin to melt .
And once it starts melting , it melts quickly .
This is exactly how entrepreneurship works .
Small consistent action is rarely noticeable but it adds up over time and you have to stick around to reap the rewards .
So start by setting aside a specific block of time that is solely devoted to your business .
Then , make sure you stick to your schedule .
For example , I work on my blog Sunday mornings from 9 am - 1 pm .
On Monday thru Wednesday , I work on my online course , blog and podcast .
Thursdays are devoted to Bumblebee Linens .
And on Friday , I devote the entire day to thinking and planning for the following week .
My routine is like clockwork and I rarely skip a beat .
Even when I do n’t see any progress , I continue to push forward .
And this consistency is what has allowed me to grow my blog and my podcast over the years .
Rule # 8 : Change Your Mindset
Throughout your entrepreneurship journey , you will experience many ups and downs .
And how you mentally deal with your obstacles will dictate your success .
It ’s all about your attitude .
When things go wrong , do you ask yourself …
Why do bad things always happen to me ?
Why am I so bad at this ?
Why can’t I ever catch a break ?
Or do you ask yourself …
What am I doing wrong and how do I fix it ?
What can I do right now to achieve XYZ ?
How can I improve myself to move forward ?
What should I do about the situation to make sure it never happens again ?
Do you see a difference with the questions above ?
Successful entrepreneurs work on solving problems whereas the losers adopt a victim and scarcity mindset .
If you go into business with the expectation of adversity , you ’ll be much better off .
Whenever I fall into the trap of a scarcity mindset , I take a little time to express gratitude for what I have and for what I ’ve already accomplished .
And for some strange reason , this always gives me the jolt I need to stay on track .
How To Succeed In Business
Over the years , I ’ve had a blast running my online store course and watching my students evolve into successful ecommerce business owners .
As I gather more data and interact with more students , I ’ve become fairly proficient at addressing the common problems before they arise .
Starting a successful business is less about knowing what to do than your mental ability to persist and figure things out .
It ’s all one big mind game : )
Anyways , I hope this post helps some of you who are on the sidelines waiting to take the leap .
Good luck !
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
The elaborate pretenses that surround any discussion of Israel are fast making it impossible to say a word about that country without uttering a number of increasingly obvious lies .
We are , for example , supposed to believe that Israel is really a part of the West , when demographics – and the country ’s radical political shift – point in the opposite direction .
It is commonly asserted as incontrovertible fact that Israel is a democracy , just like us , the only one in a region ruled by monarchs , mullahs , and secular nationalist despots – and we are n’t supposed to notice its population of Palestinian helots in the occupied territories .
Defenders of Israeli government policies – the settlements , the repeated invasions of Lebanon , the prolonged agony of the West Bank and Gaza , the Wall of Separation – rationalize these actions by explaining that the country is beleaguered , a tiny island of Western liberal values in a sea of Arabic absolutism , one in constant threat of annihilation .
Yet Israel is a military powerhouse , thanks to the US : its armies have beaten the combined Arab forces on several occasions , notably the Six Day War , and Tel Aviv has a trump card they could always play if that “ existential threat ” to its existence that we keep hearing about should ever materialize : a substantial nuclear arsenal .
The Israeli nuclear program began in 1949 , when a special scientific unit was set up by the government for that express purpose , and they made some progress , but the effort could n’t have succeeded without outside assistance , a technology transfer that would give the Israelis the ability to produce a functioning weapon .
France stepped into the breach , and offered assistance , in exchange for Israel ’s invasion of the Sinai during the Suez crisis .
French - Israeli cooperation was based on more than geopolitical advantage , however : the French were confronting the Arabs in Algeria , and the Egyptians , and the Israelis were their natural allies , and yet there was also an ideological motive .
In solidarity with his fellow socialists in the Israeli Labor party , who dominated Israeli politics in the early years , French Socialist Prime Minister Guy Mollet is reported to have said , in private : “ I owe the bomb to them . ”
The US offered credible cover for the clandestine within the framework of the “ Atoms for Peace ” agreement initiated by President Dwight David Eisenhower : the building of a small , “ swimming pool ” reactor under this initiative effectively camouflaged the construction of the much larger nuclear facility at Dimona , where the Israeli nuclear arsenal was conceived and assembled .
In spite of the fact that the whole world knows , by now , the story of the Israeli nukes and how they came to be , thanks to the sacrifice of one man – Mordecai Vanunu – both the US and the government of Israel have kept up an elaborate pretense , ever since the Eisehower era , never alluding to Israel ’s nukes , although the Israelis have indirectly alluded to their power to annihilate any city in the Middle East at will .
The US , for its part , has maintained a discreet silence on the subject – until now .
Assistant secretary of state Rose Gottemoeller ’s surprise announcement that the US would like every nation – including Israel – to sign the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) sent shockwaves from Tel Aviv to Brooklyn , confirming the worst fears of the Obama - haters who make up the radical fringe of the Lobby .
You ’ll recall that the first thing accused Israeli spy Steve Rosen , AIPAC ’s former chief lobbyist , did when he resurfaced was to set up an “ Obama Watch ” blog on the web site of the crazed Daniel Pipes , one of the main perpetrators of the “ Obama - is - a - secret - Muslim ” meme .
Expect the attacks on the President coming from the Lobby to intensify .
The Israelis are citing a supposed 40 - year - old secret agreement to permanently shield the Israeli arsenal from international inspections – the same inspections Iran is expected to undergo without protest .
Iran , unlike Israel , is a signatory to the NPT .
To the Israelis , however , Tehran ’s signature is proof that “ the NPT is not “ a miracle cure for the world ’s ills . ”
Presumably Israel ’s policy of nuclear “ ambiguity ” is one such solution , if not for the world ’s ills , but for a very small part of the world .
That this solution comes at the expense of the peace of the region – i.e. at everyone else ’s expense – seems not to bother the elected leadership of the Jewish state at all .
Indeed , under the new ultra- rightist regime – which includes neo- fascist Avigdor Lieberman , a former bouncer , as “ foreign minister ” – the Israelis seem to revel in it .
This is just posturing , of course , since the US could bring Israel to its knees rather quickly if it chose : without US aid , the Zionist settler colony would have disappeared long ago .
What the Israelis depend on for their very survival is the existence and unmatched power of their lobby in America , which ensures the Jewish state a very large piece of the foreign aid pie .
This lobby will now be mobilized for an all - out assault on the new policy , which could spell the end of our old Israel - centric stance in the region , and map out a new beginning for the US insofar as its historic role as the inheritor of Britain ’s mistakes is concerned .
The very idea that Israel and Iran should be treated as equals , that they should both have to live up to the same standards , and go through the same inspections of their nuclear facilities , is unacceptable to the Israelis , and to this government in particular .
The outright racist Lieberman reflects a very widespread sentiment in the country .
The idea of a nuclear - free Middle East is an old one , raised by the Syrians , and I believe the Saudis .
This was immediately dismissed , during the Bush years , as propaganda .
If President Obama actually takes them up on this proposal , however , it would signal a historic shift – not just a shift in American policy , but in the outlook and policy of the West .
The legacy of Western imperialism in the region is written on the map , which delineates borders drawn by the British Foreign Office with a stick in the sand .
Divided up amongst the victors in the wake of World War I , and the lingering death of the Ottoman “ sick man of Europe , ” the Middle East was dominated by the European imperialist powers up until the end of World War II , when the Americans moved in .
The white man ’s burden , as Kipling dubbed it , turned , in American hands , from a civilizing mission into a strictly commercial enterprise .
The very existence of Israel , its genesis in the Balfour Declaration and its historic economic and military links to the West , is , in the Muslim mind , the living symbol of this imperialist legacy , just as the Iranian Shah was .
The Khomeini movement had its roots in the struggle against Western imperialism , and the admixture of religious fervor and the movement for national self - determination was made possible due to Western intervention .
The CIA overthrow of Mohammed Mossadegh diverted secular nationalist sentiment into the only alternative outlets : the ayatollahs .
We have to live with that blowback from 1953 .
Obama , however , promises to reverse it , to neutralize the long history of Western betrayals , insults , and indifference and strike a grand bargain with the peoples of the region , one that will put them on an equal footing with the rest of the world – and with the Israelis , too .
Not if the Lobby can help it , mind you , and I would n’t be at all surprised to see that Ms. Gottemoeller ’s statement is “ clarified ” to mean its exact opposite – and that Gottemoeller herself is out on her ear ( or , at least , called on the carpet ) before this post gets Googled .
If Gottmoeller ’s statement stands , and she is n’t exposed as a secret neo -Nazi by Monday morning , then Obama will be the first US President since John F. Kennedy to put pressure on the Israelis to abandon their status as nuclear rogues , as David Bedein , the Philadelphia Bulletin ‘s Middle East correspondent points out .
Although Kennedy did not pressure them in public , but only in private communications : that Obama is putting the screws on them publicly is a real giant step forward to peace in the Middle East .
The idea of a nuclear - free zone in that region makes so much sense that there is no way the Israelis could credibly oppose it .
The ultimate argument in favor can be made by simply pointing at Israel ’s foreign minister , the crazed Lieberman – who once advocated bombing the Aswan dam – and asking :
Do you want to put nuclear weapons in his hands ?
I have no doubt that the prospect of a future Israel led by this fascist nutball is one of the considerations behind the timing of Gottemoeller ’s speech .
This bombshell announcement – that the US is openly calling on the Israelis , along with the North Koreans , to join the rest of humanity in containing the spread of nuclear weapons – will hit US - Israeli relations with the force of a tsunami .
If Obama follows through on this one – and I have my doubts – it will truly mean an end to the “ special relationship , ” or , more accurately , the current Israeli interpretation of the terms of that relationship .
Obama , it seems , wants those terms renegotiated , which is why invoking a mysteriously vague 40 - year - old secret agreement probably wo n’t have much effect on the White House ’s apparent determination to make a historic breakthrough on the Middle Eastern front .
We ’ll see , however , if that determination is somewhat blunted in the coming months , under relentless pressure from the Lobby , which will go all out to crush this initiative before it gets off the ground .
President Obama is being tested .
Here is a man who has all the mannerisms of greatness , but whether he ’s merely aped these , like any second - rate actor is capable of doing , or is the real thing , has been a matter of some debate .
The next few months should be enough for us to see what he is made of .
If he lasts that long without capitulating entirely , I ’ll be surprised – and honestly delighted .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
What did Nancy Pelosi know , and when did she know it , suddenly became a pressing issue overnight , as the CIA – Obama ’s CIA , Leon Panetta ’s CIA – releases documents showing she was briefed about “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” used on Abu Zubaydah – yes , the one who was water - boarded 83 times .
Read my take here .
( Note : that ’s not my title ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An annual students ' fancy dress party in New Zealand has ended in a rampage in the southern city of Dunedin .
Around 2,000 students wearing togas to celebrate the start of the university year on Tuesday smashed shop windows , damaged cars and left streets littered with eggs .
As we use less , we could pay more for water THE CALIFORNIA DROUGHT Agencies are facing cash shortfalls because customers are buying less
Shasta Lake on , Thursday Mar. 19 , 2009 . , in Northern California is currently at 71 feet below normal lake levels .
February 1st , 2009 the lake was at 147 feet below normal .
Shasta Lake , on Thursday Mar. 19 , 2009 . , is the largest reservoir in the state , capable of holding more than 4 million acre - feet of water .
This spring , however , after three dry winters , it stands at critically low levels . , Calif. less Shasta Lake on , Thursday Mar. 19 , 2009 . , in Northern California is currently at 71 feet below normal lake levels .
February 1st , 2009 the lake was at 147 feet below normal .
Shasta Lake , on Thursday Mar. 19 , ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close
As we use less , we could pay more for water 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Dwindling demand for anything - gasoline , DVDs , hamburgers - usually forces prices down .
Not with water .
Shorter showers , brown lawns and water - efficient dishwashers translate into red ink for water agencies because their revenue relies heavily on how much water everyone uses .
When people use less , water agencies struggle to cover their large , fixed costs .
Their solution : Hike prices .
" We 're out there telling people to use less water , and yet a lot of the revenue we have is based on what people use , said Gary Breaux , finance director for the East Bay Municipal Utility District , which serves 1.3 million people in Contra Costa and Alameda counties .
" It 's a circular thing . "
The district was the first in the Bay Area to enact water rationing last year after the driest spring since the Gold Rush days .
Now it faces a conservation - related shortfall of about $ 12 million .
Last week , the agency 's board of directors moved to end drought - related rationing and to boost regular rates by 7.5 percent .
Across the nine - county region , water agencies are facing the same catch - 22 after three years of dry conditions and receding reservoirs .
Many of them are raising rates - in large part because customers are heeding the call to conserve .
The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission , the largest water district in the region , is leaning toward 10 percent annual rate increases over the next four years .
Marin Municipal Water District plans a 7.3 percent bump .
Customers are perplexed , to say the least .
At a public workshop last week at the East Bay water district 's headquarters in Oakland , Berkeley resident and environmental consultant Juliet Lamont lambasted a water system that would thrive on selling more , rather than less , water .
" Right now the system says if you use more water , ( water districts ) get more money , " Lamont said , adding that during the mandatory water cutbacks , " people stopped using hoses and letting water run down the driveways .
That should end permanently , drought or not . "
Fixed costs
Ninety percent of the district 's costs - salaries , debt service - are fixed , Breaux said .
Only about 10 percent of its costs fluctuate - electricity , chemicals and certain maintenance fees .
But a whopping 80 percent of the agency 's monthly revenue comes from the amount of water it sells .
When customers use a normal amount of water , the system works .
But during a drought or a cool summer , revenue tumbles .
Because water districts operate at a break - even level , they are forced to react with price increases when demand plunges .
Some districts in California , historically those with plentiful supplies , charge a flat monthly fee for water .
Although those districts recoup costs , experts agree that such an approach does n't promote conservation , and many of the agencies are switching to volume pricing .
David Zetland , a UC Berkeley water economist , says water pricing in California must be overhauled .
In his view , each ratepayer should fork over a much higher fixed price for a base amount of water every month .
Customers who use more should be charged considerably more money , he argues .
EBMUD customers now pay $ 1.82 for each 748 gallons they use , up to 5,236 gallons - which is enough to fill about 100 bathtubs .
For comparison 's sake , a 16 - ounce cup of Starbucks coffee costs $ 1.75 .
For each 748 gallons after that , up to 11,968 gallons , customers pay $ 2.26 , or 24 percent more .
Above 11,968 gallons , each 748 gallons costs $ 2.77 - a 23 percent increase .
Zetland proposes that customers in the two upper tiers pay closer to $ 4 and $ 8 respectively .
" If you double the variable costs of water , conservation goes up and ( water district ) costs for energy and treatment go down , " Zetland said .
" You could actually have a ' profit ' which you could rebate back to the water misers .
If you use little water , you could actually have a negative water bill . "
Even if Bay Area water officials agree , they face a major roadblock : Consumers like cheap water .
Ron Thompson , an East Bay builder , recently finished six homes in Castro Valley .
The monthly water bill for each unoccupied home is more than $ 50 , he told EBMUD directors last week .
" How do I face a prospective buyer and say the monthly charge without using any water is $ 54.46 ? "
Thompson said .
" It 's nothing to add $ 30 or $ 40 onto that - and soon you have a $ 100 water bill for a family of four .
There 's something wrong with this scenario . "
Pricier water inevitable
Despite consumer outcry , pricier water is necessary and inevitable , experts say .
California 's population is growing fast , the climate is becoming drier and warmer , aging infrastructure will need replacing and agencies will most likely seek additional , more expensive water supplies such as desalinated ocean water .
" Water rates are going up , as they should , " said Heather Cooley , senior research associate at the Pacific Institute , a water think tank in Oakland .
" We have undervalued water as a resource for far too long .
" Shifting people toward these new rate structures needs to be done - but it can't be done overnight . "
Reﬂections on the Anarchist Principle
Paul Goodman
Today ’s Fun Friday post is inspired by none other that God ’s Holy Word ( The Bible , so it claims )
Elisha was Gods Prophet … one day Elisha was walking on his way to Bethel when a group of 42 little children started making fun of him for having a bald head .
How did Elisha respond ?
Read it for yourself :
2 Kings 2:23 - 24 :
And he went up from thence unto Bethel : and as he was going up by the way , there came forth little children out of the city , and mocked him , and said unto him , Go up , thou bald head ; go up , thou bald head .
And he turned back , and looked on them , and cursed them in the name of the LORD .
And there came forth two she bears out of the wood , and tare forty and two children of them .
That ’s right kids , God ’s holy and chosen prophet decided to curse them , causing two female bears to maul them to death … sweet Jesus , no wonder I miss God so much !
No , I know this really is n’t a fun thing to think about …actually it ’s quite depressing … but this is something God obviously wanted to leave into the Bible–unashamed of the actions of He and his Prophet …
Is God Love ?
If so , how can you reconcile actions like this , among other things , with God being love ?
I think Guy Vestal wanted me to provide some sort of scriptural source for god ’s own lack of mercy and benevolence … well here is just one simple verse .
Notice that this verse does n’t say teenage boys or anything , it says LITTLE CHILDREN …
Theists :
How does this make you feel ?
Does this contradict your understanding of YHWH ?
Non-Theists :
Got any other verses you enjoy ?
Did stuff like this have anything to do with your overall or eventual rejection of the Idea of YHWH or God in general ?
New allegations questioning the legitimacy of The Pirate Bay trial surfaced Friday when lawyers for the four file - sharing defendants accused the Swedish courts of secretly steering the case to a hostile judge .
The latest ethics charges in the aftermath of the April conviction of the four founders of the world 's most notorious BitTorrent tracker alleged that the judge who presided over the trial was n't chosen at random , as is required under Swedish law .
The allegations came weeks after it was revealed that the same judge , Tomas Norström , is a member of pro-copyright enforcement groups .
" We ’ve found some things , particularly about the random selection .
It does n’t seem to have been random , " Per Samuelson , one of the defendant 's lawyers , told Swedish television station SVT .
Samuelson , who is demanding a retrial , declined to elaborate on the latest misconduct allegations .
Norström declined comment .
Cecilia Klerbo , the chief magistrate of the district court in Stockholm , where the case was tried , said the presiding judge was chosen at random .
" The procedure was carried out as usual , " she told SVT .
After weeks of testimony and delays ending April 17 , Pirate Bay administrators Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Peter Sunde were found guilty in the case , along with Carl Lundström , who was convicted of funding the five - year - old operation .
In addition to one year of jail time , the defendants were ordered to pay damages of 30 million kronor ( $ 3.6 million ) to a handful of entertainment companies , including Sony Music Entertainment , Warner Bros , EMI and Columbia Pictures .
The case was brought by the Swedish government and Hollywood , in what 's best described as a joint civil - criminal trial .
The defendants were charged with facilitating copyright infringement .
In the trial 's aftermath , several BitTorrent trackers across the globe have shuttered .
The verdict has emboldened copyright authorities to crack down on torrent sites , and file sharing in Sweden has dropped .
Mininova , one of the world 's largest BitTorrent indexer , has begun moving toward legitimacy .
But the verdict also triggered a political backlash among Swedish youth , and the Swedish Pirate Party more than doubledin size , giving the copyright - reform party a genuine shot a landing a seat in the European Parliment .
The Pirate Bay , with more than 20 million users , keeps operating as usual , despite the contested convictions .
The first ethics violations lobbed against the court centered on Judge Norstrom 's membership in organizations that lobby for stricter copyright legislation .
Norström is a member of the Swedish Copyright Association and is a board member of the Swedish Association for the Protection of Industrial Property .
Some legal experts said the appearance of bias by the judge is enough for a retrial .
" The confidence in the legal system demands that the appeals court regards this is as a conflict of interest , and that means that the appeals court must order a retrial in the district court , " said Eric Bylander , a Gothenburg University legal scholar , told The Local , an English - language news site in Sweden .
See Also :
Ratings Results for the Week of May 3rd – Dollhouse Goes Out With a Thud
By John J. Joex
Just a quick update this week as there is not too much to comment on with almost half of the ScienceFiction and Fantasy shows having completed their runs at this point ( or received the boot to Summer as was the case with Kings ) .
A two hour Medium airing did about the same as last week despite a tepid lead - in from Deal or No Deal .
Fringe continues to do well on Tuesdays , while Reaper and Cupid continue to fade .
Lost did okay in the 18 - 49 demo but continues to see its total viewership dwindle .
Supernatural and Smallville pulled about the expected numbers while Dollhouse continued its downward trend and ended its season with a thud .
FOX announces its schedule for the Fall 2009 season next week , and Dollhouse will almost assuredly be excluded from it .
It ’s quite a shame too , because the series has shown a lot of promise , and you know that Whedon had bigger and better things planned for it .
In its stead , though , I ’m sure we will get another cop show with a twist of reality show .
Ratings Results :
Title Day / Time ( EST ) Network Rating ( Viewers 18 - 49 ) Timeslot Rank Total Viewers ( Millions ) Jericho ( R ) Sunday / 7 PM CW 0.3 5th 0.81 Chuck Monday / 8 PM NBC Season Completed 4th 6.12 Heroes Monday / 9 PM NBC Season Completed 4th 6.39 Medium Monday / 10 PM NBC 2.2 3rd 7.24 Reaper Tuesday / 8 PM CW 0.8 5th 1.90 Fringe * Tuesday / 9 PM FOX 4.3 1st 10.44 The Mentalist Tuesday / 10 PM CBS 3.6 3rd 16.51 Cupid Tuesday / 10 PM ABC 1.7 3rd 5.68 Knight Rider Wednesday / 8 PM NBC Season Completed n/a n/a Lost Wednesday / 9 PM ABC 4.0 2nd 8.70 Life on Mars Wednesday / 10 PM ABC Season Completed 2nd 5.80 Smallville Thursday / 8 PM CW 1.5 5th 3.40 Supernatural Thursday / 9 PM CW 1.2 5th 2.79 Eleventh Hour Thursday / 10 PM CBS Season Completed 2nd 10.38 Ghost Whisperer Friday / 8 PM CBS 2.2 1st 9.35 The Sarah Connor Chronicles Friday / 8 PM FOX Season Completed n/a n/a Dollhouse Friday / 9 PM FOX 1.0 4th 2.75 Kings Saturday / 8 PM NBC
Moved to Summer n/a n/
a
Title % Chg from Prior Wk % Chg from Lead - In Cancell - ation Alert Jericho ( R ) 0.0 % n/a n/a Chuck n/a n/a Moderate Heroes n/a n/a Renewed Medium 0.0 % 83.3 % Moderate Reaper 14.3 % n/a Elevated Fringe * 0.0 % - 46.9 % Renewed The Mentalist - 2.7 % 5.9 % Low Cupid - 5.6 % - 45.2 % High Knight Rider n/a n/a High Lost 2.6 % 90.5 % Renewed Life on Mars n/a n/a Cancelled Smallville 0.0 % n/a Renewed Supernatural - 7.7 % - 20.0 % Renewed Eleventh Hour n/a n/a Moderate Ghost Whisperer - 8.3 % n/a Low The Sarah Connor Chronicles n/a n/a High Dollhouse - 9.1 % 11.1 % High Kings n/a n/a High * Includes runover from American Idol
The Timeslot Rank , and % Change from Prior Week and Lead - In columns are based on the rating in the 18 - 49 demographic .
The Cancellation Alert column is based on season to date performance and my assessment of how likely the network is to cancel the show .
TVbytheNumbers.com also provides their Renew / Cancel Index which tracks the likelihood of cancellation on a weekly basis .
Last Week ’s Posts from Axiom ’s Edge Science Fiction and Fantasy :
Since when do the cops give anybody pot ?
Since a judge orders them to , that 's when .
A Tulare County man who was recently acquitted of marijuana charges will get all his pot back from authorities .
Richard Daleman , 61 , was found not guilty of growing and selling marijuana in a trial that ended in March .
At the time , Tulare County Superior Court Judge Darryl Ferguson ruled that authorities should return just six of the 12 pounds that were confiscated when he was arrested by sheriff 's deputies in December .
But Daleman argued that his doctor 's recommendation said he could possess six " processed pounds , " excluding the parts of the plant he does n't use .
In a decision Wednesday , Ferguson gave the green light for all 12 pounds of the marijuana be returned to Daleman , saying all of it was " reasonably related " to his medical needs .
I was reading a column by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in the Financial Times yesterday , where he lists “ ten principles for a Black Swan - proof world ” .
You can read the whole piece here , or download the pdf from Taleb ’s own site .
I could n’t help noticing how striking the relationship was , between what he was putting forward for financial markets , and what we consider generally to be the principles of opensource and of good software development .
So I decided to list each of his principles below , with brief comments in italics seeking to explain the same thing in a software context .
What is fragile should break early while it is still small .
Make sure you test early , test often , test small .
No socialisation of losses and privatisation of gains .
Opensource is pretty much predicated on this : “ losses ” are borne by individual contributors , “ gains ” are shared by all participants People who were driving a school bus blindfolded ( and crashed it ) should never be given a new bus .
Opensource communities make use of tools like commit logs for this very purpose , looking at the prior contributions made by a participant before letting the changes in Do not let someone making an “ incentive bonus ” manage a nuclear power plant — or your financial risks .
We ’ve all seen what happens when incentives for technology staff are not aligned properly with business objectives .
This is why the most important job of a CIO is “ dial - tone ” , reliable secure operations at an affordable price
Counterbalance complexity with simplicity .
Build software on a “ high cohesion , loose coupling ” basis
Do not give children sticks of dynamite , even if they come with a warning .
Make sure that the people who make software decisions actually have software experience Only Ponzi schemes should depend on confidence .
Governments should never need to “ restore confidence ” .
How many Linux ads did you see when Linux came out ?
Do not give an addict more drugs if he has withdrawal pains .
Do n’t cure proprietary - software addictions by giving people more proprietary software Citizens should not depend on financial assets or fallible “ expert advice ” for their retirement .
Rely on something real .
Code .
Code is King .
Not slideware .
Make an omelette with the broken eggs .
Again an opensource principle .
Cannibalise .
Reuse .
So what would happen if financial markets get run on opensource principles ?
Complete transparency .
Open inspection .
Visible track records .
Compartmentalisation of losses , sharing of gains .
Moderation not regulation .
And yes , the capacity to “ fork ” .
[ Update , with Tongue Firmly in Cheek :
If the banking system needs to learn from the software industry , is the opposite true as well ?
Are we approaching a time when large software firms will need bailing out ?
http://www.infoworld.com/d/adventures-in-it/microsoft-asks-feds-bailout-720 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
How many hours or minutes do you spend each day with earphones on ?
If you ’re like most people these days , it ’s probably quite a few .
These days , people are always listening to something .
We use earphones for podcasts , music , phone calls , and more .
Because of this , when we buy a new pair , we want to know that they are the absolute best that money can buy .
There are thousands of different earphones on the market , but the final , championship battle is AirPods vs. Powerbeats Pro .
Both of these are high - quality , popular , well - reviewed options , but which is the very best ?
Read on to learn about both of these earphone options , the reasons people like them , and which of the two is best for you .
Perhaps you already have one of them , but you ’re thinking about trying the other ; this article will tell you if it will be worth it to make the switch .
The Battle Begins
The battle of AirPods vs. Powerbeats Pro will be intense .
Both of these earphones are formidable opponents .
These two brands are two of the most well - known in sound , and their parent companies have developed and tested them well .
Who will win this contest ?
Time will tell .
Let ’s take a look at the categories by which all earphones should be judged .
Wearability
If you ’re going to be wearing earphones all day , they absolutely must be comfortable .
Whether you are wearing them while you study , commute , or exercise , they need to stay and direct sound into your ears , and they should n’t cause you any pain in the process .
Many people simply do not like the way that AirPods feel in their ears .
However , others find them to be quite comfortable and have no problem wearing them for hours .
This is due to Apple ’s one - size - fits - all design .
Unfortunately , they do n’t fit all , so some people like them while others do n’t .
On the other hand , Beats ’ earphones hook over the user ’s ear instead of being inserted inside of it .
This results in a much more secure feel and a more comfortable fit for most people .
Still , some people do n’t enjoy this design either , which means the winner in this category comes down to personal preference .
Battery Life
Battery life is another important component when it comes to determining the best earphones .
No one wants to spend all their time re-charging their earphones between uses ; people who wear earphones like these want to be able to just put them on and go .
There is a clear winner between AirPods and Powerbeats here because Powerbeats hold a charge far longer than their competitor .
According to Apple , AirPods hold a charge for about five hours when the user is listening to music , or about two hours if he or she is talking on the telephone .
Unfortunately , AirPods battery life is not that impressive .
On the other hand , Powerbeats Pro advertise an incredible nine hours of listening or six hours of talk time on a single charge .
The winner in this category is clear .
Features
These two different earphones share many similar features .
Both allow you to summon Siri and both connect and auto - pair to your devices quite easily .
They also both automatically turn off when you remove them from your ear , which is neat .
However , Powerbeats Pro has one very useful feature that the AirPods do not .
When not in use , the Powerbeats Pro earphones will go to sleep , thereby saving valuable battery power .
AirPods need to be put back in their case when you ’re not using them , and that ’s not always easy or immediately feasible .
Furthermore , the Powerbeats Pro are sweat - resistant and that can make a huge difference for you if you plan to wear them a lot while exercising .
AirPods are sensitive to moisture and if you ’re a runner or a gym rat , you may find yourself replacing them sooner than you might like .
In the features category , Powerbeats Pro again reign supreme .
Sound
Quality of sound is an important factor for most people who enjoy listening to music .
From the very beginning , Beats by Dre has marketed their ear and headphones as some of the best sounding products in the industry .
However , Apple has also revolutionized many things when it comes to personal entertainment technology since the first iPhone release in 2007 .
Which earphones sound better ?
There are several factors to consider when it comes to earphone sound .
First , which of these two brands is better able to block out environmental noise ?
Unfortunately , because of the way AirPods are designed to fit inside the ear , a lot of other sounds can also leak in .
This is n’t the case with Powerbeats Pro , which has more external coverage built - in to block out the outside world much better .
Another factor in determining the earphones with the better sound is frequency response .
As a music listener , you want to hear the highest highs and the lowest lows .
You should n’t have to blast your music to do so .
Again , because of the AirPods design , you may miss out on some of these small details .
Noise from the outside world may make both high and low pitched sounds far harder to hear when you are listening at a lower or even moderate volume .
This may not seem like a big deal , but it is .
Missing out on certain tones can change your music listening experience entirely .
Price
Neither of these earphone brands are cheap , which is why it ’s important to consider every factor before making your final decision .
However , the AirPods are a little more inexpensive .
Regular AirPods are currently $ 159 with a standard charging case included .
Powerbeats
Pro , on the other hand , is on sale for $ 199 right now , but they can cost as much as $ 249 at full price .
If you want to save money , then AirPods are your likely choice , but if the other factors above play a part in your decision , then the extra money for Powerbeats Pro may be worth it for you .
AirPods vs. Powerbeats Pro : It ’s Your Call
It was a rough and tumble battle , but in the championship round between AirPods vs. Powerbeats Pro , it seems that Powerbeats Pro is the clear winner .
Between battery life , features , sound , price , and fit , Powerbeats Pro comes out on top in almost every category .
It seems that this will likely be an easy decision to make .
If you want to read more interesting and exciting stories about tech and more , please check out the rest of our site .
- video encodings still in process -
or not ... as the case may be .. LMAO
The recession is altering local law enforcement in the U.S. by forcing some agencies to close precincts , merge with other departments or even shut down .
Once largely spared from the deepest budget cuts , some police departments are struggling to provide basic services , police officials say .
" For the first time , because of the economy , police departments ... may have to change how they do business , " says Chuck Wexler , executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum , a law enforcement think tank .
" People will see a change in the basic delivery of services , " from longer police response times to a dramatically reduced police presence in some communities .
Harlan Johnson , executive director of the Minnesota Chiefs of Police Association , said political leaders are " choosing whether they keep the streetsopenor the police on patrol , " though it 's too early to tell whether the changes will increase crime .
The Obama administration 's $ 787 billion stimulus plan gives about $ 4 billion to local law enforcement , including $ 1 billion to hire and retain officers .
But the hiring money has not been distributed , and applicants have requested more than is available .
Among the recent cuts : • In Pennsylvania , 19 suburban and rural police agencies have closed in the past 15 months , and seven others have cut patrols .
The " unprecedented " closures and cuts have forced the state police — who face their own budget struggles — to assume full or partial public safety responsibility for about 54,000 more people , says Lt. Col .
Lenny Bandy , deputy commissioner of operations for the state police .
•
In Minnesota , nine small police agencies have closed in the past five months , leaving sheriffs ' departments to protect the public .
The Elko New Market Police Department was briefly the 10th shuttered agency , until residents last month demanded that the City Council reverse its 2 - week - old decision to eliminate it .
" A lot of people felt that we were sending a potentially dangerous public message ... without a police department , " says Mayor Jason Ponsonby , who opposed the closure .
•
In Portland , Ore. , police are consolidating operations by eliminating two of five patrol precincts .
Portland police spokesman Greg Pashley says some residents fear response times will rise and established officers will be replaced by others who are unfamiliar with local problems .
He says the move , which takes effect in June , was needed to cut costs , but he believes it will not compromise safety .
•
In Southern California , Indio and its neighbors Palm Springs , Desert Hot Springs , Cathedral City and Beaumont have merged some key functions and also plan to combine dispatch operations to increase efficiency .
" It 's the legacy of the budget crunch , " Indio 's Capt .
Richard Banasiak says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
An aging Missouri animal shelter has won the second annual Zootoo Shelter Makeover contest sponsored by Zootoo.com
The Central Missouri Humane Society in Columbia , Mo. , won an online vote by " a wide margin , " says Zootoo founder Richard Thompson , and will receive up to $ 1 million in goods , services , and / or cash .
" This will help us make an enormous difference in the quality of life of the animals we care for , " says Patty Forister , executive director of CMHS , which took in 7,500 animals for re-homing last year .
The CMHS facility was built in 1978 , " when about half as many animals were coming in as is the case today , " Forister says .
The shelter is too small , there are ventilation and flooding problems , and the win , she says , means many goals — from creating a cat area away from the dogs to reduce feline stress to expanding space for dogs and creating an isolation area so illnesses are n't spread — will be tackled .
The second and third highest vote - getters were Butte Humane Society in Chico , Calif. , and the Jefferson County SPCA in Watertown , N.Y. , which get $ 50,000 and $ 25,000 respectively .
Nearly 2,000 shelters entered the competition , earning " points " when supporters signed up for Zootoo , posted pictures or reviewed products .
The top 20 point - earners were visited by Zootoo representatives , who chose 10 for the national voting .
A dispute between last year 's winner , Stray Rescue of St. Louis , and Zootoo , made public earlier this month , was resolved last week with both sides blaming a " misunderstanding . "
Wealthy entrepreneur Thompson created the contest , he says , because " much of the population does n't fully understand or appreciate the issues shelter employees and volunteers go through to care for pets on a daily basis , " and the competition " increases shelter visibility and community support . "
Exhaled nitric oxide ( eNO ) used as an aid to the diagnosis and management of lung disease is receiving attention from pulmonary researchers and clinicians alike because it offers a noninvasive means to directly monitor airway inflammation .
Research evidence suggests that eNO levels significantly increase in individuals with asthma before diagnosis , decrease with inhaled corticosteroid administration , and correlate with the number of eosinophils in induced sputum .
These observations have been used to support an association between eNO levels and airway inflammation .
This review presents an update on current opportunities regarding use of eNO in patient care , and more specifically on its potential usage for asthma diagnosis and monitoring .
The review will also discuss factors that may complicate use of eNO as a diagnostic tool , including changes in disease severity , symptom response , and technical measurement issues .
Regardless of the rapid , convenient , and noninvasive nature of this test , additional well - designed , long - term longitudinal studies are necessary to fully evaluate the clinical utility of eNO in asthma management .
1 Chapman JT Choi AMK .
Exhaled monoxides as a pulmonary function test : use of exhaled nitric oxide and carbon monoxide .
Clin Chest Med 2001 ; 22 : 817 – 836 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
2 Nathan C .
Inducible nitric oxide synthase : what difference does it make .
J Clin Invest 1997 ; 100 : 2417 – 2423 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
3 Bredt D Snyder S . Isolation of nitric oxide synthase , a calmodulin - requiring enzyme .
Proc Nat Acad Sci U S A 1990 ; 86 : 682 – 685 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
4 Belvish M Mitchell J Yacoub S .
Nitric oxide as a biological mediator .
In : N Marczin S Kharitonov S Yacoub P Barnes , ( eds ) , Disease markers in exhaled breath .
New York , Basel : Marcel Dekker ; 2003 . pp. 3 – 27 .
Google Scholar
5 Reiser P Kline W Vaghy P .
Induction of neuronal type nitric oxide synthase in skeletal muscle by chronic electrical stimulation in vivo .
J Appl Physiol 1997 ; 82 : 1250 – 1255 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
6 Prabhakar N Rao S Premknmar D Pieramiei S Kumar G Kalaria R .
Regulation of neuronal nitric oxide synthase gene expression by hypoxia .
Role of nitric oxide in respiratory adaptation to low PO2 .
Adv Exp Med Biol 1996 ; 410 : 345 – 348 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
7 Luckman S Huckett L Bicknell R Voisin D Herbison A . Up- regulation of nitric oxide synthase messenger RNA in an integrated forebrain circuit involved in oxytocin secretion .
Neuroscience 1997 ; 77 : 37 – 48 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
8 Fosterman U Boissel J Kleinert H . Expressional control of the “ constitutive ” isoforms of nitric oxide synthase ( NOS I and NOS II ) .
FASEB J 1998 ; 12 : 773 – 790 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
9 Xino Z Zhang Z Dramond S .
Shear stress induction of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene is calcium - dependent but not calcium activated .
J Cell Physiol 1997 ; 17 : 205 – 211 .
Google Scholar
10 Corson M James N Latta S Nemrem R Berk B Harrison D . Phosphorylation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase in response to fluid shear stress .
Circ Res 1996 ; 79 : 984 – 991 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
11 Xie Q Kashiwabara Y Nathan C .
Role of transcription factor NF - kB in induction of nitric oxide synthase .
J Biol Chem 1994 ; 269 : 4705 – 4708 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
12 Kobzik L Bredt DS Lowenstein CJ Drazen J Gaston B Sugarbaker D . Nitric oxide synthase in human and rat lung : immunocytochemical and histochemical localization .
Am J Respir Cell Mol Biol 1993 ; 9 : 371 – 377 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
13 Guo F De Raeve H Rice T Steuder D Thunnissen F Erzurum S .
Continuous nitric oxide synthesis by inducible nitric oxide synthase in normal human airway epithelium in vivo .
Proc Nat Acad Sci U S A 1995 ; 92 : 7809 – 7813 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
14 Watkins DN Peroni DJ Basclain KA Garlepp MJ Thompson PJ .
Expression and activity of nitric oxide synthases in human airway epithelium .
Am J Respir Cell Mol Biol 1997 ; 16 : 629 – 639 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
15 Tracey WR Xue C Klinghofer V Barlow J Pollock JS Förstermann U .
Immunochemical detection of inducible NO synthase in human lung .
Am J Physiol 1994 ; 266 : L722 – L727 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
16 Wang CH Liu CY Lin HC Yu CT Chung KF Kuo HP .
Increased exhaled nitric oxide in active pulmonary tuberculosis due to inducible NO synthase upregulation in alveolar macrophages .
Eur Respir J 1998 ; 11 : 809 – 815 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
17 Furukawa K Harrison DG Saleh D Shennib H Chagnon FP Giaid A .
Expression of nitric oxide synthase in the human nasal mucosa .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1996 ; 153 : 847 – 850 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
18 Bateman R Sharpe M Ellis C .
Bench - to - bedside review : microvascular dysfunction in sepsis- hemodynamics , oxygen transport , and nitric oxide .
Crit Care 2003 ; 7 : 359 – 373 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
19 Brune B Knethen A Sandau K .
Mechanisms of cellular resistance against NO .
In : B Mayer , ( ed. ) , Handbook of experimental pharmacology : nitric oxide .
London : Springer ; 2000 . pp. 159 – 175 .
Google Scholar
20 Wink D Mitchell J .
Chemical biology of nitric oxide : insight into regulatory , cytotoxic , and cytoprotective mechanism of nitric oxide .
Free Radic Biol Med 1998 ; 25 : 434 – 456 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
21 Barnes P Liu S .
Regulation of pulmonary vascular tone .
Pharmacol Rev 1995 ; 47 : 87 – 131 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
22 Kuo H Liu S Barnes P .
The effect of endogenous nitric oxide on neurogenic plasma exudation in guinea - pig airways .
Eur J Pharmacol 1992 ; 221 : 385 – 388 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
23 Higenbottam T .
Lung disease and pulmonary endothelial nitric oxide .
Exp Physiol 1995 ; 80 : 855 – 864 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
24 Erjefalt J Erjefalt I Sundler F Persson C .
Mucosal nitric oxide may tonically suppress airways plasma exudation .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1997 ; 150 : 227 – 232 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
25 Bernareggi M Mitchell J Barnes P Belvish M .
Dual action of nitric oxide on airway plasma leakage .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1997 ; 155 : 869 – 874 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
26 Ramnarine S Khawaja A Barnes P Rogers D .
Nitric oxide inhibition of basal and neurogenic mucus secretion in ferret trachea in vitro .
Br J Pharmacol 1996 ; 118 : 998 – 1002 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
27 Jain B Rubinstein I Robbins R Leise K Sisson J .
Modulation of airway epithelial cell ciliary beat frequency by nitric oxide .
Biochem Biophys Res Commun 1993 ; 191 : 83 – 88 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
28 Tamaoki J Chiyotani A Kondo M Konno K .
Role of NO generation in beta - adrenoreceptor - mediated stimulation of rabbit airway ciliary motility .
Am J Physiol 1995 ; 268 : C1342 – C1347 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
29 Wink D Hanbauer I Laval F Cook J Krishna M .
MItchell , J. Nitric oxide protects against the cytotoxic effects of reactive oxygen species .
Ann NY Acad Sci 1994 ; 738 : 265 – 278 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
30 Lowenstein C Dinerman J Snyder S . Nitric oxide : a physiologic messenger .
Ann Intern Med 1994 ; 120 : 227 – 237 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
31 Beckman J Koppenol W . Nitric oxide , superoxide , and peroxynitrite : the good , the bad , and ugly .
Am J Physiol 1996 ; 271 : C1424 – C1437 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
32 Kharitonov SA Barnes PJ .
Exhaled markers of pulmonary disease .
Am J Respir Cri Care Med 2001 ; 163 : 1693 – 1722 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
33 Silkoff PE Carlson M Bourke T Katial R Ogren E Szefler SJ .
The Aerocrine exhaled nitric oxide monitoring system NIOX is cleared by the US Food and Drug Administration for monitoring therapy in asthma .
J Allergy Clin Immunol 2004 ; 114 : 1241 – 1256 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
34 ATS / ERS recommendations for standardized procedures for the online and offline measurement of exhaled lower respiratory nitric oxide and nasal nitric oxide , 2005 .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2005 ; 171 : 912 – 930 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
35 Alving K Weitzberg E Lundberg JM .
Increased amount of nitric oxide in exhaled air of asthmatics .
Eur Respir J 1993 ; 6 : 1368 – 1370 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
36 Kharitonov S Yates D Robbins R Logan - Sinclair R Shinebourne E Barnes P .
Increased nitric oxide in exhaled air of asthmatic patients .
Lancet 1994 ; 343 : 133 – 135 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
37 Dupont LJ Demedts MG Verleden GM .
Prospective evaluation of the validity of exhaled nitric oxide for the diagnosis of asthma .
Chest 2003 ; 123 : 751 – 756 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
38 Massaro A Gaston B Kita D Fanta C Stamler J Drazen J .
Expired nitric oxide levels during treatment of acute asthma .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1995 ; 152 : 800 – 803 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
39 Satouchi M Maeda H Yu Y Yokoyama M .
Clinical significance of the increased peak levels of exhaled nitric oxide in patients with bronchial asthma .
Intern Med 1996 ; 35 : 270 – 275 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
40 Salome CM Roberts AM Brown NJ Dermand J Marks GB Woolcock AJ .
Exhaled nitric oxide measurements in a population sample of young adults .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 159 : 911 – 916 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
41 Smith AD Cowan JO Filsell S McLachlan C Monti-Sheehan G Jackson P .
Diagnosing asthma : comparisons between exhaled nitric oxide measurements and conventional tests .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2004 ; 169 : 473 – 478 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
42 Barnes P Liew F .
Nitric oxide and asthmatic inflammation .
Immunol Today 1995 ; 16 : 128 – 130 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
43 Crater S Peters E Martin M Murphy A Platts - Mills T .
Expired nitric oxide and airway obstruction in asthma patients with an acute exacerbation .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 159 : 806 – 811 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
44 Jones S Kittelson J Cowan J Flannery EM Hancox RJ McLachlan CR .
The predictive value of exhaled nitric oxide measurements in assessing changes in asthma control .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2001 ; 164 : 738 – 743 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
45 Malmberg LP Pelkonen AS Haahtela T Turpeinen M .
Exhaled nitric oxide rather than lung function distinguishes preschool children with probable asthma .
Thorax 2003 ; 58 : 494 – 499 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
46 Yates D Kharitonov S Robbins R Thomas P Barnes P .
Effect of a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor and a glucocorticosteroid on exhaled nitric oxide .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1995 ; 152 : 892 – 896 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
47 Kharitonov S Yates D Barnes PJ .
Inhaled glucocorticoids decrease nitric oxide in exhaled air of asthmatic patients .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1996 ; 153 : 454 – 457 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
48 Bisgaard H Loland L Anhoj J .
NO in exhaled air of asthmatic children is reduced by the leukotriene receptor antagonist montelukast .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 160 : 1227 – 1231 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
49 Chatkin J Ansarin K Silkoff P McClean P Gutierrez C Zamel N .
Exhaled nitric oxide as a noninvasive assessment of chronic cough .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 159 : 1810 – 1813 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
50 Kharitonov SA Chung KF Evans D O'Connor BJ Barnes PJ .
Increased exhaled nitric oxide in asthma is mainly derived from the lower respiratory tract .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1996 ; 153 : 1773 – 1780 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
51 Saleh D Ernst P Lim S Barnes PJ Giaid A .
Increased formation of the potent oxidant peroxynitrite in the airways of asthmatic patients is associated with induction of nitric oxide synthase : effect of inhaled glucocorticoid .
FASEB J 1998 ; 12 : 929 – 937 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
52 Jatakanon A Lim S Kharitonov SA Chung KF Barnes PJ .
Correlation between exhaled nitric oxide , sputum eosinophils , and methacholine responsiveness in patients with mild asthma .
Thorax 1998 ; 53 : 91 – 95 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
53 Kips JC Fahy JV Hargreave FE Ind PW Veen JC .
Methods for sputum induction and analysis of induced sputum : a method for assessing airway inflammation in asthma .
Eur Respir J 1998 ; 26 : 9S – 12S .
Google Scholar
54 Lim S Jatakanon A Meah S Oates T Chung K Barnes P .
Relationship between exhaled nitric oxide and mucosal eosinophilic inflammation in mild to moderately severe asthma .
Thorax 2000 ; 55 : 184 – 188 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
55 Piacentini GL Bodini A Costella S Vicentini L Mazzi P Sperandio S .
Exhaled nitric oxide and sputum eosinophil markers of inflammation in asthmatic children .
Eur Respir J 1999 ; 13 : 1386 – 1390 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
56 Mattes J Gravesande KS Reining U Alving K Ihorst G Henschen M .
NO in exhaled air is correlated with markers of eosinophilic airway inflammation in corticosteroid - dependent childhood asthma .
Eur Respir J 1999 ; 13 : 1391 – 1395 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
57 Berry MA Shaw DE Green RH Brightling CE Wardlaw AJ Pavord ID .
The use of exhaled nitric oxide concentration to identify eosinophilic airway inflammation : an observational study in adults with asthma .
Clin Exp Allergy 2005 ; 35 : 1175 – 1179 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
58 Sippel J Holden W Tilles S O’Hollaren M Cook J Thukkani N . Exhaled nitric oxide levels correlate with measures of disease control in asthma .
J Allergy Clin Immunol 2000 ; 106 : 645 – 650 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
59 Jatakanon A Lim S Barnes P .
Changes in sputum eosinophils predict loss of asthma control .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2000 ; 161 : 64 – 72 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
60 Kharitonov S Barnes P .
Clinical aspects of exhaled nitric oxide .
Eur Respir J 2000 ; 16 : 781 – 792 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
61 Stirling R Kharitonov S Campbell D Robinson D Durham S Chung K .
Increase in exhaled nitric oxide levels in patients with difficult asthma and correlation with symptoms and disease severity despite treatment with oral and inhaled corticosteroids .
Thorax 1998 ; 53 : 1030 – 1034 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
62 Kharitonov S Yates D Chung K Barnes P .
Changes in the dose of inhaled steroid affect exhaled nitric oxide levels in asthmatic patients .
Eur Respir J 1996 ; 9 : 196 – 201 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
63 Jatakanon A Uasuf C Maziak W Lim S Chung K Barnes P . Neutrophilic inflammation in severe persistent asthma .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 160 : 1532 – 1539 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
64 Deykin A Lazarus SC Fahy JV Wechsler ME Boushey HA Chinchilli VM .
Asthma Clinical Research Network , National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute / NIH .
Sputum eosinophil counts predict asthma control after discontinuation of inhaled corticosteroids .
J Allergy Clin Immunol 2005 ; 115 : 720 – 727 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
65 Kharitonov S Barnes P .
Does exhaled nitric oxide reflect asthma control ?
Yes , it does .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2001 ; 164 : 727 – 728 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
66 Baraldi E Carra S Dario C Azzolin N Ongaro R Marcer G . Effect of natural grass pollen exposure on exhaled nitric oxide in asthmatic children .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 159 : 262 – 266 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
67 Dupont L Rochette F Demedts M Verleden G .
Exhaled nitric oxide correlates with airway hyperresponsiveness in steroid - naive patients with mild asthma .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1998 ; 157 : 894 – 898 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
68 Smith AD Cowan JO Brassett KP Herbison GP Taylor DR .
Use of exhaled nitric oxide measurements to guide treatment in chronic asthma .
N Engl J Med 2005 ; 352 : 2163 – 2173 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
69 Shaw DE Berry MA Thomas M Green RH Brightling CE Wardlaw AJ .
The use of exhaled nitric oxide to guide asthma management : a randomized controlled trial .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2007 ; 176 : 231 – 237 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
70 Kharitonov SA Robbins RA Yates D Keatings V Barnes PJ .
Acute and chronic effects of cigarette smoking on exhaled nitric oxide .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1995 ; 152 : 609 – 612 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
71 Taylor ES Smith AD Cowan JO Herbison GP Taylor DR .
Effect of caffeine ingestion on exhaled nitric oxide measurements in patients with asthma .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2004 ; 169 : 1019 – 1021 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
72 Kharitonov SA Lubec G Lubec B Hjelm M Barnes PJ .
L- arginine increases exhaled nitric oxide in normal human subjects .
Clin Sci ( Lond ) 1995 ; 88 : 135 – 139 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
73 Olin AC Aldenbratt A Ekman A Ljungkvist G Jungersten L Alving K .
Increased nitric oxide in exhaled air after intake of a nitrate - rich meal .
Respir Med 2001 ; 95 : 153 – 158 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
74 Popovic PJ Zeh HJ Ochoa JB .
Arginine and immunity .
J Nutr 2007 ; 137 : 1681S – 1686S .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
75 American Thoracic Society .
Recommendations for standardized procedures for the online and offline measurement of exhaled lower respiratory nitric oxide and nasal nitric oxide in adult and children - 1999 .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 160 : 2104 – 2117 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
76 Kharitonov S Logan - Sinclair R Busset C Shinebourne E .
Peak expiratory nitric oxide differences in men and women : relation to the menstrual cycle .
Br Heart J 1994 ; 72 : 243 – 245 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
77 Massaro A Mehta S Lill C Kobzik L Reily J Drazen J .
Elevated nitric oxide concentrations in isolated lower airway gas of asthmatic subjects .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1996 ; 153 : 1510 – 1514 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
78 Kimberly B Nejadnik B Giraud GD Holden WE .
Nasal contribution to exhaled nitric oxide at rest and during breathholding in humans .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1996 ; 153 : 829 – 836 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
79 Borland C Cox Y Higenbottam T .
Measurement of exhaled nitric oxide in man .
Thorax 1993 ; 48 : 1160 – 1162 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
80 Piacentini G Bodini A Vino L Zanolla L Costella S Vincentini L .
Influence of environmental concentration of NO on the exhaled NO test .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1998 ; 158 : 1299 – 1301 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
81 Baraldi E Azzolin N Dario C Carra S Ongaro R Biban P .
Effect of atmospheric nitric oxide ( NO ) on measurement on exhaled NO in asthmatic children .
Pediatr Pulmonol 1998 ; 26 : 30 – 34 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
82 Ekroos H Tuominen J Sovijarvi AR .
Exhaled nitric oxide and its long - term variation in healthy non-smoking subjects .
Clin Physiol 2000 ; 20 : 434 – 439 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
83 Tsang K Ip S Leung R Tipoe G Chan SL Shum IH .
Exhaled nitric oxide : the effect of age , gender and body size .
Lung 2001 ; 179 : 83 – 91 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
84 Deykin A Massaro A Drazen J Israel E .
Exhaled nitric oxide as a diagnostic test for asthma : online versus offline techniques and effect of flow rate .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2002 ; 165 : 1597 – 1601 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
85 Pedroletti C Zetterquist W Nordvall L Alving K .
Evaluation of exhaled nitric oxide in schoolchildren at different exhalation flow rates .
Pediatr Res 2002 ; 52 : 393 – 398 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
86 Georges G Bartelson BB Martin RJ Silkoff PE .
Circadian variation in exhaled nitric oxide in nocturnal asthma .
J Asthma 1999 ; 36 : 467 – 473 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
87 Silkoff P McClean P Slutsky AS Furlott HG Hoffstein E Wakita S .
Marked flow - dependence of exhaled nitric oxide using a new technique to exclude nasal nitric oxide .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1997 ; 155 : 260 – 267 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
88 Silkoff PE Stevens A Pak J Bucher - Bartelson B Martin RJ .
A method for the standardized offline collection of exhaled nitric oxide .
Chest 1999 ; 116 : 754 – 759 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
89 Kissoon N Duckworth L Blake K Murphy S Taylor C Silkoff PFE . ( NO ) : relationship to exhalation rates and online versus bag collection in healthy adolescents .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2000 ; 162 : 539 – 545 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
90 Canady RG Platts - Mills T Murphy A Johannesen R Gaston B .
Vital capacity reservoir and online measurement of childhood nitrosopnea are linearly related : clinical implications .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 1999 ; 159 : 311 – 314 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
91 Kharitonov S Alving K Barnes P .
Exhaled and nasal nitric oxide measurements : recommendations .
The European Respiratory Society Task Force .
Eur Respir J 1997 ; 10 : 1683 – 1693 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
92 Gelb AF Taylor CF Nussbaum E Gutierrez C Schein A Shinar CM .
Alveolar and airway sites of nitric oxide inflammation in treated asthma .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2004 ; 170 : 737 – 741 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
93 Berry M Hargadon B Morgan A Shelley M Richter J Shaw D .
Alveolar nitric oxide in adults with asthma : evidence of distal lung inflammation in refractory asthma .
Eur Respir J 2005 ; 25 : 986 – 991 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
94 Brindicci C Ito K Barnes PJ Kharitonov SA .
Differential flow analysis of exhaled nitric oxide in patients with asthma of differing severity .
Chest 2007 ; 131 : 1353 – 1362 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
95 Hogman M Drca N Ehrstedt C Merilainen P .
Exhaled nitric oxide partitioned into alveolar , lower airways and nasal contributions .
Respir Med 2000 ; 94 : 985 – 991 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
96 Pietropaoli AP Perillo IB Torres A Perkins PT Frasier LM .
Utell1 , MJ , et al .
Simultaneous measurement of nitric oxide production by conducting and alveolar airways of humans .
J Appl Physiol 1999 ; 87 : 1532 – 1542 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
97 Silkoff PE Sylvester JT Zamel N Permutt S .
Airway nitric oxide diffusion in asthma : Role in pulmonary function and bronchial responsiveness .
Am J Respir Crit Care Med 2000 ; 161 : 1218 – 1228 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
98 Tsoukias NM George SC .
A two - compartment model of pulmonary nitric oxide exchange dynamics .
J Appl Physiol 1998 ; 85 : 653 – 666 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
99 George SC Hogman M Permutt S Silkoff PE .
Modeling pulmonary nitric oxide exchange .
J Appl Physiol 2004 ; 96 : 831 – 839 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
100 Lehtimaki L Kankaanranta H Saarelainen S Turjanmaa V Moilanen E .
Increased alveolar nitric oxide concentration in asthmatic patients with nocturnal symptoms .
Eur Respir J 2002 ; 20 : 841 – 845 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
101 Lehtimaki L Kankaanranta H Saarelainen S Turjanmaa V Moilanen E .
Peripheral inflammation in patients with asthmatic symptoms but normal lung function .
J Asthma 2005 ; 42 : 605 – 609 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
102 van Veen V Carter CS .
Error detection , correction , and prevention in the brain : a brief review of data and theories .
Clin EEG Neurosci 2006 ; 37 : 330 – 335 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Few here have forgotten the Villa Italia , the hulking , whitewashed mall that once spilled across the skyline of central Lakewood .
Unveiled in 1966 , the Villa was the largest indoor shopping center west of the Mississippi River and east of California .
The gaudy main hall – ornamented to evoke the charms of old - world Europe – played host to hundreds of after - prom parties , first dates , and all - day festivals .
In its heyday , in the 1970s and ’ 80s , the Villa anchored this large , affluent Denver suburb , which never had a Main Street to call its own .
Then in the ’90s , like hundreds of malls nationwide , the Villa began to lose its luster .
First went the jewelry stores and the luxury - goods boutiques .
By 2001 , destination department stores such as Montgomery Ward and JCPenney had vanished , too , and with them , most of the foot traffic .
The kids who hung out in the food court decamped for more vibrant locales ; the corridors grew hushed .
The once - great mall became a cemetery of dollar stores and a glorified walking track for senior citizens .
In 2003 , it was mercifully reduced to a pile of rubble .
For at least a decade , Americans have been regularly reminded that the indoor mall was hurtling toward obscurity .
The causes were manifold : the rise of Internet shopping , the sharp spikes of an ailing economy , the success of Wal - Mart and its big - box kin , the fading relevance of mall culture .
Welcome to 2009 , the year that the mall , the staple of so many childhood memories and a longstanding pillar of suburban commerce , could finally and truly go bust .
From west to east , shopping centers stand darkened , the hulks of Circuit Citys boarded up , the parking lots of Linens ‘n Things deserted .
Malls are posting the highest vacancy rates in a decade , and retail rental rates are plummeting , according to Reis , a New York firm that studies trends in commercial real estate .
And the slope is precipitous : Last month , General Growth Properties , one of the biggest mall operators in the country , declared bankruptcy .
But here in Lakewood , a successful revitalization effort provides a modicum of hope for city planners nationwide .
Beginning in 2002 , Villa ’s 103 - acre plot was rezoned and restructured , setting the stage for Belmar , a vibrant new downtown area , part residential , part retail , and part office park .
In form , Belmar resembles a scaled - down city center , with a maze of sidewalks ; a grid system of streets ; and residential , retail , and office units stacked tightly atop one another .
The multiuse district has attracted home buyers and renters , and generated millions of dollars for Lakewood .
Some experts are touting this transformation – from dead mall to sustainable community – as a solution to the so - called “ ghost box ” syndrome .
And developers are paying attention .
In Cathedral City , Calif. , for instance , a decaying strip mall has been reborn as a tree - lined boulevard , with increased pedestrian access and improved public transportation .
In Mashpee , Mass. , planners have partially demolished a shopping center and are working to incorporate a “ walkable village . ”
In Boca Raton , Fla. , a mall was razed to make way for a multiuse area featuring both retail and housing .
“ Retrofits , ” as they ’re called , take a variety of forms , from “ raze it all and start anew ” to creative adaptation of an existing space , such as the Food Lion supermarket in Denton , Texas , that became a public library .
Each process shares common goals : reduce the blight , scale down sprawl , cut car traffic , amp up foot and bicycle access , and eliminate barriers between residential and retail space .
“ Historically , there were two options for developers who wanted to revitalize a dying mall , ” says June Williamson , an architect and coauthor of an influential new book , “ Retrofitting Suburbia . ”
“ The first was going downscale into a power center , with Wal - Marts or Kmarts .
Alternatively , developers would go upmarket into a lifestyle center – take off the roof , add the high - end restaurants , spruce it up .
But we ’re seeing [ planners ] start to approach things from a very different angle – pulling in the retail , and then pulling in other uses as well .
They ’re really thinking about sustainability [ and a ] long - term strategy . ”
Belmar is the “ Cadillac ” of retrofits , says Ms. Williamson .
Although the district has been hit as hard as any community by the economic malaise , 85 percent of the retail space in Belmar has been leased .
Residential leasing figures are even higher :
Of 478 available rental units , 94 percent are occupied .
Meanwhile , property values in Belmar are now the highest in Jefferson County .
Mayor Bob Murphy says Belmar has become the kind of Main Street that malls ran out of business ; the kind of gathering spot that Lakewood never had .
“ That ’s what we hoped it would be when we started out , and that ’s what it has become , ” he says .
Belmar is nearly complete , and , when finished in 2012 , will have 1.2 million square feet of retail space and 1,300 residential units .
It already incorporates many aspects of urban life – from a centrally located ice - skating rink to wide sidewalks – and has a host of “ green amenities . ”
A 1.75 - megawatt array of solar panels helps power Belmar , and 14 wind turbines generate electricity for parking lots .
Critically , retrofitting refers not just to sustainable architecture and the proliferation of mixed - used facilities .
It ’s also a matter of urbanization – of changing the social fabric of the suburb itself .
Bedroom communities created in the wake of World War II were low - density , high - sprawl , and decentralized or loosely connected by a small downtown .
Developers worked from a car - first perspective , liberally sprinkling in dead ends and cul - de- sacs , and skimping on sidewalks , parks , and other shared space .
The classic American suburb had a tangle of single - use buildings and a dearth of public transportation .
But over the past decade , with baby boomers headed toward retirement , the suburbs have weathered a profound revolution .
“ Our research indicates that there are more people looking for an urban - type environment , ” Williamson says .
“ It ’s a cultural shift , and it ’s a demographic shift – there are a larger percentage of households without children , either empty nesters or young couples who do n’t want kids .
There used to be a split , where you ’d live in the city until you had children and then move to the suburbs .
That ’s not being borne out by the middle class right now . ”
Recent US
Census data reveals a rise in childless families , and a soaring market for suburban , multiunit housing .
Meanwhile , an April Brookings Institution report shows that between 1998 and 2006 , jobs moved from city centers to first - ring suburbs , bringing younger , livelier residents .
“ Suburbs have become a very specialized species , ” says Ellen Dunham - Jones , an architect and Williamson ’s coauthor .
“ They ’re not very adaptable .
The urban form , on the other hand , is remarkably adaptable .
It can keep changing .
Think about cities – that patina of culture accumulated by all the generations that came before . ”
She and Williamson argue that a swift urbanization of the suburbs is important – for the environment , the economy , and American culture .
Urban areas , for instance , compel people to drive less and encourage a sense of community and the all - important “ interconnectivity . ”
This “ downtown feel ” was vital , says Craig Vickers , a landscape architect with the Denver firm Civitas who worked extensively on Belmar .
“ Even people who have n’t been exposed to urban densities [ are ] seeking urbanism .
For [ city people ] , Belmar may not look like a gritty urban place .
But this is a gritty urban place for people who grew up around here .
And people really wanted it . ”
Still , no matter how many residents clamor for revitalization , changing the face of a community can be slow and thorny .
One major problem is the specter of density – the antithesis of the suburban ethic of the home as an island in a lawn .
Mike Rock , Lakewood ’s city manager and an instrumental figure in the creation of Belmar , says that he “ immediately found [ himself ] butting up against this idea that if you allow commercial and residential units to touch each other , you ’re diminishing the value .
People will say , ‘ We ’re not the city , but we are n’t the city on purpose . ’ ”
In Colorado , where the libertarian instinct runs deep , there were also concerns about cost and governmental involvement .
“ The Villa was built at a time when malls were still the shiny new thing , ” remembers Mr. Rock .
“ You look at photographs from when it first opened , and it ’s just a sea of all these cool , ’ 60s - era cars .
It ’s hard to overestimate just how strong peoples ’ attachment was to the mall .
They loved the place . ”
More contentious still was Lakewood ’s decision to finance Belmar through a public - private partnership with Continuum Partners , a development firm based in Denver .
Continuum took on much of the cost , which is expected to reach $ 850 million when the project is finished .
Lakewood then enacted a 2.5 percent “ public improvement fee ” for retail transactions in the Belmar area , to be remitted directly to Continuum .
( City officials also waved a third of Lakewood ’s 3 percent sales tax , partly to placate consumers . )
Continuum also secured $ 200 million in federal funds through the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 , which issued bonds to developers using eco -
friendly building techniques .
“ We were clear the first time we came out to Lakewood , ” says Thomas Gougeon , a principal at Continuum .
“ We said , ‘ It ’s broken , it ’s dying , but it ’s not dead enough .
It ’s going to be messy .
And someone is going to try to stop you .
Someone always does . ’ ”
In 1999 , Continuum acquired the land under the mall ; a year later , it acquired the mall itself .
But after reaching agreements with most of the tenants , Continuum was stymied by the former May Department Stores Company , which then owned a longtime Villa anchor called Foley’s .
“ Shoppers coming into Foley ’s were being told , ‘ You are going to lose your store because the city of Lakewood is forcing us to leave , and if you do n’t like that , then contact the city council , ’ ” Rock remembers .
“ That ’s a lot of pressure on us . ”
Then in 2001 , Continuum initiated eminent domain proceedings against the May Company , ratcheting up pressure on elected officials .
“ Think about it : eminent domain is contentious .
Urban renewal is contentious .
And we had both , ” Rock explains .
But after Foley ’s was forced out , and the mall demolished , Rock says that the “ majority of the public went from mourning , through a period of skepticism , to a serious sense of pride .
A pride based on the idea that people actually want to live here , that they bring their friends here , that Lakewood finally has its own town center . ”
On a cold day this spring , the streets of Belmar were mostly empty , with only a few passersby ambling along the sidewalks .
Big metal lamps hung over the streets , a decorative touch designed to make Belmar feel a little cozier .
Pop music swirled eerily from speakers into the air .
Much of the activity seemed to be centered on “ Block 7 , ” a strip of art galleries and storefronts subsidized by Continuum .
Jeffrey Steffonich , a college student working at a studio , said , “ There ’s been a lot of interest [ in Belmar ] among young people … interest in the culture ... the galleries .
People see it as a cool place to live . ”
Other vendors and residents expressed concerns about a nationwide drop in retail sales and the ability of the developers to complete the retrofit .
“ I think there ’s a lot of potential here , and certainly more than there ever was at Villa Italia , ” said Ann Rivera , the co-owner of a local PostNet franchise .
She paused , and added , “ There ’s still a long way to go . ”
The question now is whether Belmar will consistently draw residents and shoppers – and whether the model can be translated elsewhere .
In “ Retrofitting Suburbia , ” Ms. Dunham - Jones and Williamson argued that similar revitalizations are necessary to accommodate the rapidly changing suburban culture .
Mr. Vickers agrees : " Right now it ’s a balancing act .
We need enough retail to bring people down here , and enough residential to make retail function .
I do n’t know if [ Belmar ] is the magic bullet , but it ’s an important step in that direction . ”
Richard Farley , a principle at Civitas , said that in the end , it “ wo n’t matter if Belmar is panned or praised in the architectural journals .
Real success will be if Lakewood really embraces Belmar ....
Real success will be if the people really love it . ”
More : How the ' average Jane ' changed her neighborhood
PPC - 1 is PIPE International ’s submarine cable connecting Australia to Guam .
The cable system spans 7,000 km and initially links Australia directly to Guam , providing international carriers and operators a new and competitive opportunity to interconnect other systems to Australia .
In two short years PPC - 1 went from a concept to becoming Australia ’s first independent submarine cable .
It is the single largest investment in Australia ’s competitive telecommunications infrastructure since the dot - com era .
PPC - 1 is a state - of - the - art ultra- long haul cable system designed and built by Tyco Electronics Subsea Communications ( formerly Tyco Telecommunications ) to fit PIPE ’s needs .
It has 2 fibre pairs between Sydney and Guam .
It uses the latest Dispersion - flattening technology to minimise the use of compensation fibres in the cable stations .
This allows PPC - 1 to be repaired easily and quickly as well as being capable of running 40 Gbps wavelengths with 100 Gbps wavelengths also a valid technical possibility .
PPC - 1 is currently equipped with 10 Gbps wavelengths and is capable of carrying 2.56 Tbps ( 128 × 10 Gbps wavelengths per fibre pair ) simply by adding more equipment in the cable stations .
A move to 40 Gbps wavelengths would boost the system capacity to 7.68
Tbps with no changes other than new hardware in the cable stations .
A small reconfiguration of the network and capacity could be taken as high as 10.24 Tbps .
In total there are 78 Tyco Telecom manufactured repeaters on the system and they are generally spaced approximately 92 km apart .
There are two different types of repeaters within the system .
There are 75 standard dual - fibre pair repeaters and there are also three repeaters which have the additional functionality to support the additional fibres out of Sydney .
The centre operation wavelength of PPC - 1 is 1550 nm .
It has a transmission band 28 nm wide and is designed to operate with a wet plant temperature of 4°C .
At least 47 people were killed today and more than 50 injured when a shell struck the last hospital inside the so - called no - fire zone in north - eastern Sri Lanka , where casualties of the country 's brutal civil war are being treated .
A doctor working in the hospital said the shell appeared to have been fired from government positions .
The United Nations described what appeared to have happened as a war crime .
The attack was confirmed by members of the medical staff working in the hospital , set up in Mullaivaikal East primary school .
The Sri Lankan military has denied using heavy weapons against civilians in the area .
But one of the doctors working in the hospital at the time of the attack was able to say later that the shell appeared to have been fired from government positions .
Following the shelling , the tiny group of medical professionals continued their campaign to save the lives of those trapped by the fighting and to bring the killing to the attention of the wider world .
Doctors , nurses and medical administrators working out of a single room in their makeshift hospital in the school have become the eyes and ears of the world in this conflict .
The government in Colombo has sought to dismiss them , to claim that they are pawns of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , or even to claim that some do not exist .
Yet the medics continue to provide a running commentary on the slaughter .
Todaytheir number was reduced by one more , as a government - appointed administrator joined the toll of the dead .
He and two volunteer workers were among at least 47 people killed when a shell struck the hospital at about 7.30 am .
The hospital was packed with more than 1,000 patients awaiting evacuation by a ship operated by the International Committee of the Red Cross .
Many of the patients fled after the attack and staff in the hospital said shells continued to fall around the perimeter .
Dr V Shanmugarajah said that 47 people died and 56 were injured .
Shanmugarajah said he was in the operating theatre when the shell struck .
He added that the shell appeared to have come from the direction of Puthukkudiyiruppu , an area held by government forces .
Yesterday afternoon , another member of staff at the hospital – who gave his name only as Stephen – said : " Today at 7.30 am one shell fell in the hospital admission ward near a temporary shelter .
At the time of the shell there were 47 deaths .
This includes already injured patients and bystanders and our staff .
" Now also heavy shelling is going on in this area and heavy fighting is going on .
Today the situation is worse because all of the patients ran away from the hospital after this incident . "
A second doctor , Thurairaja Varatharajah , the government - appointed regional health director for Mullaitivu , put the death toll at 49 and said it was expected to rise .
In a video recording released later through the group War Without Witness , Shanmugarajah was seen talking to patients and then addressing the camera .
" Both the patients and their helpers were sleeping next to each other in tarpaulin sheets , " he said .
" We did n't have the facility of a safe bunker .
The artillery hit directly on the hospital and caused this damage .
When the shell hit , all people were running to save their lives ... it was chaos ... it is difficult for me to ask other staff to stay and work . "
According to the Sri Lankan ministry of defence , its forces continue to advance into the last remaining stronghold of the LTTE .
The UN estimates that between 50,000 and 100,000 civilians remain trapped inside the tiny pocket of land .
Ever since Barry Allen ’s return from the dead was confirmed nearly a year ago , comics fans have been wondering who would be next to get the Rebirth treatment .
Now , the wait is over .
With Flash : Rebirth hitting stores today , DC has announced that December 2009 will see the launch of Vibe : Rebirth , by the now - familiar team of Geoff Johns and Ethan Van Sciver .
Vibe :
What ’s the Buzz ?
In the early 1980s , the Justice League of America took on several new members as the “ big guns ” left the team .
Paco Ramone , a Detroit gang leader with the ability to generate shock waves , decided to give up his life of crime and join the League as Vibe .
Vibe was a member of the Justice League from 1984 until 1987 , when he was killed by one of Professor Ivo ’s androids during the Legends crossover .
He was the first member of the Justice League of America to die in the line of duty .
More than an Echo
On Tuesday , Ethan Van Sciver posted on his forum at the Comic Bloc :
Based on pre-sales success of Flash : Rebirth , Dan [ Didio ] has given me and Geoff the go - ahead to move forward with the next chapter in the Rebirth trilogy : Vibe : Rebirth .
Based on pre-release ?
It ’s certainly not unprecedented .
Just a few days ago , Paramount hired a writing team to write a sequel to the new Star Trek film , which wo n’t be out for another month .
When asked whether the artist would be able to hold to a schedule for another monthly project so close on the heels of Flash : Rebirth , he explained , “ DC gave us a lot of lead time on Flash , so I should have plenty of time to get started on Vibe . ”
“ I hope this lays to rest any fears fans have about me being a ‘ Silver - Age fanboy , ’ ” Geoff Johns said .
( Personally , given the tendency among many fans to think the Silver Age lasted right up to 1985 , ignoring the Bronze Age entirely , I would n’t count on it . )
When asked if he could provide any details of the story , he simply said , “ Wait and see . ”
Why Vibe ?
Why Now ?
More detail came from Dan Didio , who told Newsarama :
It was really a melding of events .
First of all , with Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , Flash and Green Lantern all leaving the Justice League , Dwayne McDuffie wanted to try and bring back some of the feel of the Detroit - era League .
And what character is most associated with that League ?
Vibe !
Plus we had some very positive fan response to his appearances in Trinity .
And orders for Flash : Rebirth have been phenomenal .
We want to strike while the iron is hot , so I asked Ethan if he’d be interested , and he just jumped at the opportunity .
Literally , he jumped .
I could hear the thump on the other end of the phone .
There is a downside , though .
Just as Ethan Van Sciver had to scale back his involvement with Blackest Night in order to do Flash : Rebirth , Geoff Johns wo n’t be available immediately for the post - Rebirth relaunch of The Flash .
“ I ’m sure the fans will be happy to know , ” Didio said , “ that for the first six months of the ongoing , the Flash will be in Judd Winick ’s capable hands . ”
Winick himself was unavailable for comment .
Once Upon a Geek has more information , including an interview with Geoff Johns and Ethan Van Sciver and background on Vibe and his successor , Reverb .
Update :
The blogosphere is starting to hum with commentary : Crimson Lightning is disappointed to hear that Geoff Johns will be leaving the Flash once again .
Justice League Detroit is upset , asking “ What were they thinking ? ” Fortress of Baileytude , however , has been won over to enthusiastic support .
Update 2 : This is , of course , an April Fool ’s joke !
Thanks to the Irredeemable Shag of Once Upon a Geek for planning the event — it was a lot of fun coming up with the fake quotes and trying to make things almost fit !
Share
* Company to split chairman / CEO roles
* Succession search begins immediately
* Liddy expects search to take no more than a few months
* Both internal and external candidates to be considered
* Shares fall 6 pct after announcement ( Adds detail from interview , background , share activity )
By Lilla Zuill
NEW YORK , May 21 ( Reuters ) - American International Group Inc AIG.N said on Thursday that Chief Executive Edward Liddy plans to step down , signaling the end to a short and tumultuous tenure running the government - rescued insurer .
Liddy , 63 , named chairman and chief executive of AIG within hours of the government bailout last September via a massive capital injection , had always planned for his stay at the company to be temporary .
The former Allstate ALL.N executive 's reign at AIG may end up being best remembered for the multiple public scoldings he received from lawmakers over bonuses paid to executives of the insurer 's troubled financial product unit .
Liddy said that while being a personal target of public anger had not been easy , he knew the assignment would be a tough one when he accepted it .
“ I absolutely would do it again .
I think I ’ve done the job well , ” he told Reuters .
“ I think we are in a much better position than we were , and I ’m comfortable turning the reins over to the next person . ”
Liddy , who was only being paid $ 1 a year , will not receive a severance package .
“ One reason I did this for $ 1 a year was because it was not a permanent position , ” he added .
The U.S. government rescued AIG after money - losing bets on derivatives threatened to drive the company into bankruptcy .
AIG , which now owes taxpayers more than $ 85 billion , could take several more years to repay its obligations , Liddy said .
In total , taxpayers have put up to $ 180 billion at AIG ’s disposal , including billions of dollars to buy toxic assets that led to the company ’s losses and $ 30 billion in a credit facility that is as yet untapped .
AIG shares , which have traded in a range between 33 cents and $ 38.50 in the last 12 months , fell 6 percent in extended trading to $ 1.69 after Liddy ’s departure was announced , down from the $ 1.80 close in regular trading .
SPLITTING THE JOB
Liddy has recommended to AIG ’s board that they find a separate chairman for the company , splitting the two roles .
He said AIG ’s next chairman should be “ knowledgeable in the ways of Washington , ” while the next CEO should have a time horizon of at least three to five years .
Liddy does not expect the recruitment process to take more than a few months .
In the eight months since Liddy took over at AIG he has overseen asset sales of about $ 5 billion , much less than initially hoped as frozen credit markets scared off buyers .
More recently , he has laid a course for several larger divisions to potentially be spun off through initial public offerings early in 2010 .
Along the way , Liddy recruited others to help him with the task of reshaping what was once the world ’s largest insurer , including Chief Restructuring Officer Paula Rosput Reynolds , a former CEO of auto insurer Safeco .
Liddy said on Thursday it was premature to discuss any other moves within the company , but said the candidate to succeed him as CEO could come from inside .
The individuals leading the search for AIG ’s new leadership will be announced next week , Liddy added , helped by a new slate of directors , and with the input of three trustees who were named earlier this year to oversee the government ’s nearly 80 percent stake in the company .
Before year end , Liddy expects to be back at home in Chicago , rejoining his wife , and closer to his three grown children and expanding brood of grandchildren .
“ My wife in her very gentle but probing way has from time to time said ‘ Where was this in our retirement plan ? , ” said Liddy .
( Reporting by Lilla Zuill ; Editing by Toni Reinhold , Andre Grenon , Tim Dobbyn )
Just over two weeks ago I wrote an article explaining that quality review at the USPTO was changing for the better .
Shortly after this article published I received a telephone call from the Office of Public Affairs at the USPTO .
We chatted about this article and one thing lead to another and ultimately I spoke with Acting Commissioner for Patents , Peggy Focarino , for about 40 minutes regarding what the Patent Office is trying to do to enhance quality and make a better , smoother process .
After my discussion with Commissioner Focarino I was , for the first time in a long time , optimistic about the patent process .
Commissioner Focarino agreed to go on the record , and what appears below is my interview with her .
Before I move forward let me personally say that it appears to me that there are many , including Commissioner Focarino , who are committed to making things better .
As you will read , the Patent Office is taking steps to try and break the perception that all that matters is production .
There are initiatives to encourage more frequent and liberal use of interviews early in the process to help identify allowable subject matter as soon as possible .
There will be initiatives to encourage interviews later in the process to alleviate the need for filing RCEs , when possible .
An Ombudsman will be placed in each Technology Center .
Quality review will shift toward providing assistance to help what is happening , rather than critiquing what has happened .
In my opinion , all of this is excellent news !
Finally , before getting to the interview allow me to introduce Commissioner Focarino .
Margaret A. ( Peggy ) Focarino has been a long time employee of the United States Patent and Trademark Office , first starting with the USPTO in 1977 as a Patent Examiner .
She became a Supervisory Patent Examiner in 1989 and was promoted to the Senior Executive Service in 1997 .
In January 2005 , Ms. Focarino was promoted to Deputy Commissioner for Patent Operations , a role that made her responsible for all patent - examining functions in the eight Patent Technology Centers and all operational aspects of patent application initial examination , patent publications , and international Patent Cooperation Treaty ( PCT ) applications processing .
Upon the resignation of Jon Dudas from the USPTO in January 2009 , then Commissioner for Patents John Doll rose from his post as Commissioner for Patents to become the Acting Director of the Patent Office .
At this time Ms. Focarino was promoted to Acting Commissioner for Patents , which is the position she currently holds today .
I ’d like to start , if I may , with discussion about the “ second pair of eyes ” screening that is employed by the PTO .
A lot of practitioners are familiar with this insofar as business method applications are concerned , but less so informed about the extent of this review .
Can you tell me a little about how second pair of eyes started ?
The “ second pair of eyes ” review was initially implemented in the Business Methods area several years ago as a way to ensure consistency in a relatively new and expanding area of technology .
Was second pair of eyes implemented across the board for all applications deemed allowable ?
“ Second Pair of Eyes ” enhanced reviews were implemented in all areas of technology in May of 2005 .
One of the main reasons for this approach was the fact that our allowance error rate in FY2004 was 5.3 % .
At mid-year FY2005 we had a rising error rate of 5.7 % .
With the implementation of Second Pair of Eyes in May of 2005 , we were able to finish the fiscal year with a 4.6 % allowance error rate .
That error rate continued to decline in the next three fiscal years but enhanced reviews like Second Pair of Eyes is very resource intensive and therefore not sustainable over a long period of time .
What changes , if any , do you envision to second pair of eyes moving forward ?
“ Second Pair of Eyes ” will not change with respect to how the process itself works .
What is taking place is a much more focused approach to the use of this enhanced review as opposed to the expansive approach used previously .
We can utilize various quality indicators ( for example , the number of 2nd plus non-final actions in an application ) to define areas that may need more targeted reviews and focus resources on those areas to train for improvement .
I understand that there will also be a reorganization of the Office of Patent Quality Assurance ( OPQA ) in 2009 .
Can you tell me what the Office has planned ?
There will be no change to the organizational structure of OPQA or its major function , which is to measure quality .
OPQA will continue to provide estimates of examination quality at the Corps level with the desired level of precision and confidence ( 95 % confidence and a sample error margin of +/- .5 % ) .
What is changing is the volume of end process reviews .
This will enable OPQA to increase the resources available to the Technology Centers to assist with TC specific quality improvement initiatives .
By having the reviewers working closer with the Technology Centers , OPQA will have a better grasp of training needs and areas needing improvement .
This approach will enable OPQA to better assess what is happening with respect to the quality of the examiners work product rather than what has happened .
What kinds of training are you referring to , and who do you envision doing the training ?
Training plans include interview training , training on compact prosecution , search training in both group and an individualized manner , claim interpretation , restriction practice .
OPQA staff will deliver some of this training as well as our SPEs , QASs and Patent Training Academy resources .
There will also be an ombudsman in each TC who will be an available resource to applicants on application - specific issues to facilitate the resolution of issues when problems arise .
With respect to the search training and second look at search strategies , who will be doing this and will it count toward an examiner ’s error rating ?
Training on enhancement of search quality will include search strategy training , search information exchange where an OPQA reviewer meets with the examiner to review and evaluate searches , search tips which would include capturing and posting best practices for searching on the examiner Sharepoint site .
We will also use our contractor search strategy experts to provide sessions in classified searching and individual scoring of an examiners search strategy for the sole purpose of assisting examiners in improving their queries .
When you talk about interview training , what exactly does that mean ?
I have heard a lot of criticism from our stakeholders that many examiners are reluctant to grant interviews , and that when they do grant them there is a reluctance on the part of examiners to make any commitments during the interview .
The interview training will emphasize to examiners several key practices : interviews held earlier in prosecution are a benefit to better focus on issues early in the examination process , interviews lead to early indication of allowable subject matter , interview usage later in prosecution may reduce unnecessary RCEs .
We are developing a program to track interview requests so that we have a way to focus in on areas where there appears to be a higher denial rate and provide analysis of the underlying cause of these denials .
Right now there is no way for us to know , other than anecdotally , if there are areas where applicants request for an interview typically get denied .
I am also interested in the Ombudsman , because that is something I suggested in perhaps a slightly different context , in some of my writings at the end of last year .
Can you tell me more about this initiative ?
We are still in the process of working out the implementation details , but each TC will have an ombudsmen who will serve as a resource to applicants on TC - specific issues .
I envision this resource to be a facilitator of sorts who can resolve administrative issues quickly and get an application back on track when problems arise .
This resource is independent of an examiner ’s chain of command so can be viewed as a neutral facilitator by the applicant .
It sounds like the Office is really taking a step back and trying to evaluate what has been done that is good these past few years and trying to figure out what needs to be done better to ensure quality .
Yes , given the budget situation and the need to ensure that all of our resources are being utilized to maximize both quality and output , we are going to begin using more TC and Workgroup / Art Unit real - time quality indicators in addition to our OPQA data to provide review and training where it is most needed .
We have done a lot in the past few years to shift the perception that production is all that matters by our focus on quality initiatives , but we can always do things better and should be continually looking for ways to improve .
The timing is perfect because we need to be able to be more operationally nimble when our hiring ability and resources have become limited .
Do you think these initiatives will help dig into the pendency of applications by letting examiners know the Office is really interested in helping them do their job and not penalize them ?
I do think the focus on more proactive , front end quality improvement initiatives as well as increased interaction between examiners and OPQA reviewers via hands on training will relieve some of the negative perceptions of the heavy scrutiny at the back end of the process .
Hopefully , these efforts will lead to improved decision making at all stages of the process , which should have a positive impact on the pendency of applications .
Have examiners been forthcoming with suggestions on how to improve the process ?
Yes , I hold weekly Town Hall meetings with examiners from all TCs and they have given input on how to improve the process .
We also have former examiners working in our Patent Training Academy to review office actions and provide feedback to our new examiners .
There is also much greater dialog between the Training Academy and the TCs than has taken place in the past , which has enabled us to make modifications in the training to ensure greater consistency .
I have heard a rumor that the Training Academy will be shut down , is that true ?
The Training Academy will not shut down .
We are very pleased with the results we have gotten from the Training Academy and will continue to utilize this structure to train all of our new hires .
We have reduced the number of training resources in the Academy solely due to the reduction in our hiring goal this fiscal year from 1200 examiners to 600 examiners .
Let ’s begin with a typical parable of life in the era of web 2.0 .
On Presidents ’ Day , Julius Harper turned on his computer at 9 a.m .
This was later than usual , but he had the day off from his job as a video - game producer in Los Angeles .
He began his daily “ blog check ” — Digg , Reddit , “ anything interesting , disasters , plane crashes ” — before turning to a post on the Consumerist , a consumer - advocacy blog , about the finer points of user privacy on Facebook.com .
“ Facebook ’s new Terms of Service : ‘ We Can Do Anything We Want With Your Content .
Forever , ’ ” it read .
“ Facebook ’s terms of service used to say that when you closed an account on their network , any rights they claimed to the original content you uploaded would expire .
Not anymore .
Now , anything you upload to Facebook can be used by Facebook in any way they deem fit , forever , no matter what you do later . ”
Harper , a 25 - year - old graduate of the University of Southern California , did n’t like this too much .
“ I thought , This is bull - crap , ” he says .
With a few clicks of his mouse , he created a protest group on Facebook , which came to be called People Against the New Terms of Service .
“ That ’s the first group like that I started , ” he says .
“ The other ones I ’ve made are just for my friends , like Hey Guys , Let ’s Go See Watchmen This Weekend . ”
Around 10 a.m. , he drove to Wal - Mart , where he bought several Healthy Choice lunches for the upcoming workweek .
By the time he arrived home , at noon , over 800 people had joined his group .
Soon the membership rolls reached 20,000 .
The next day , NBC Nightly News came to his home in Valencia , California .
He checked their I.D. ’s at the door .
“ I thought they might be from The Daily Show or playing a joke on me , ” he says .
“ I mean , I ’ve seen Borat . ”
Overnight , Harper had become a consumer - rights activist , and his protest was turning into a PR disaster for Facebook , a social - networking site of about 200 million members that is both based on an expansive idea of community and invested in controlling it for commercial purposes .
Soon , the company ’s 24 - year - old paterfamilias , Mark Zuckerberg , who also owns over 20 percent of the company ’s shares , joined the discussion .
We ’re family , he seemed to be saying .
On his blog , he protested that there was nothing to worry about because “ in reality , we would n’t share your information in a way you would n’t want ” — a version of the “ Trust us ” comment that Google ’s Eric Schmidt made to Charlie Rose last year — but , if anything , his remarks only threw fuel on the fire :
Why change the terms if it did n’t matter who owned what ?
And anyway , the issue was more a matter of a kind of pre-rational emotion than any legalistic parsing of rights .
What people put up on Facebook was themselves : their personhood , their social worlds , what makes them distinctive and singular .
It was a pursuit - of - happiness type of thing .
No one else should be permitted to own it .
But Facebook is as sensitive as any politician to feedback from its constituents , especially on the issue of privacy .
No other social - networking site provides users the kind of granular privacy settings for their profiles and applications that Facebook does .
After Harper received a call from privacy experts who wanted his support in a $ 5 million FTC complaint —
“ I was like , ‘ Whoa , we do n’t care about money , ’ ” he says , “ ‘ we ’re just trying to get the TOS changed ’ ” — he heard from a Facebook spokesperson , who asked him for a memo summarizing his group ’s complaints .
Harper put these together carefully .
He thought that Facebook should allow users to decide whether their information could be used for commercial purposes , inform them of which third parties have access to their content , and delete a user ’s information the moment he closes his account .
Furthermore , changes to the TOS should be made visibly and put to a vote before implementation .
Also , it was important that Facebook write its legal documents in a straightforward way .
“ No Latin ! ” he wrote .
“ I ’m not sure what forum non conveniens means , and I should n’t have to . ”
But Zuckerberg made a bold move , aligned with Facebook ’s corporate image :
He turned the site into a democracy .
He decided to reinstate the former TOS , then released a new version a week later that took broad latitude to use our content while we were on the site but fell short of claiming ownership , and that Facebook revoked its rights to our content when we delete our accounts .
This version was open for user comments until March 29 .
Facebook will release its response to the comments by April 10 and put the entire document to a vote by all users during the week of April 20 .
With the vote , though , Zuckerberg set a high bar — perhaps an impossibly high bar — for user voices to be heard :
It will be binding only if 30 percent of members cast a ballot .
That ’s about 60 million people .
“ You ca n’t get 60 million people to agree on anything , so the fact that Facebook is requiring it makes this all seem a little fake , ” says Harper , over lunch at a Hawaiian fast - food restaurant near his office in Burbank , California .
Harper is stiff and proper , with a pressed shirt and a silver cross around his neck , yet now he shifts his eyes downward uneasily .
Facebook listened to him , and he is uncomfortable judging it .
“ I have to think that they are showing good faith here , ” he says , then nods his head .
“ I ’m going to give them the benefit of the doubt . ”
If there were one word to describe what Facebook has added to my life , I would use it .
It ’s a multidimensional pleasure :
It ’s given me a tool for exceptionally mindless , voyeuristic , puerile procrastination ; crowd - sourced pesky problems like finding a new accountant ; stoked my narcissism ; warmed my heart with nostalgia ; and created a euphoric , irrational , irresistible belief in the good in men ’s hearts among the most skeptical people I know — people who should know better .
As the dominant social network on the web ( the Internet began , essentially , as a social network , with Usenet in the late seventies )
Facebook has created a space similar to a college quad , where members can check each other out , talk about culture , gossip , and pass mash notes .
Users really like Facebook ; they believe in it so strongly that they want to protect it from itself .
That much is clear from the anger over the redesign , released a couple of weeks ago , meant to outmaneuver Twitter in the realm of speedy exchange of information — a redesign that , ironically , created a much louder protest , at two - and - a - half - million users and counting , than Harper ’s protest about the security of one ’s personal information .
As of now , Harper ’s group has around 148,000 users .
Organizing has basically come to a standstill .
“ We ’re waiting to see what Facebook does next , ” he says .
This is a crucial moment for Facebook , and a delicate one , because We , the users , are what Facebook is selling .
“ Facebook is walking a fine line of keeping the trust of its members , and wanting to exploit them for profit , ” says Nicholas Carr , author of The Big Switch .
“ It ’s having a tough time balancing the two . ”
In 2007 , the company was valued at $ 15 billion , after Microsoft bought a 1.6 percent stake for $ 240 million , but profit has been elusive .
If they can solve this problem , come up with a viable business model — one might note that if they charged $ 1 a month for the service and even half its users stuck around , it would take in $ 100 million each month — it could go public and even become the first big IPO to reinvigorate the market ; if Facebook does n’t , Zuckerberg & Co. will struggle to resist a takeover by a very rich tech company ( well , Microsoft ) for a fire - sale price of a billion or two .
After CFO Gideon
Yu announced his exit last week , the company claimed that it was looking for a replacement with public - company experience , but the way forward is far from clear .
The history of social networks is an absurd one of missed opportunities , from Tripod to Geocities to AOL , though Facebook thus far has avoided their pitfalls .
It ’s been unaffected by Friendster ’s technical glitches and its taint of uncoolness ; Facebook ’s antiseptic design clears away the lascivious , spam-ified , knife - wielding clutter of MySpace , a site that was double Facebook ’s size in the U.S. eight months ago but whose technological innovation has been stymied by News Corp until recently .
Facebook is exceptional at public relations .
Harper may think that it ’s impossible to get millions of people to join hands , but Facebook ’s particular genius has been convincing 200 million people to color within the lines , to behave a certain way without being told to .
When it moved the lines a bit with the redesign , the company issued a statement that it only meant well —
“ Whenever we build something new or tweak something old , our motivation is the same : to help you share with the people you care about , ” it said — which was n’t strictly true ; advertisers seemed to be more prominent on the home page , for one thing , and group pages were redesigned to look like “ friends . ”
For users , it can feel like information is rushing toward us as through a beer funnel , too much information about too many people , much as on Twitter , though that ’s part of why Twitter is still largely used by tech - heads , nerds , and those who work in marketing or want to market themselves ( though all bets are off regarding Twitter when the war over social networks on mobile heats up ) .
Still , Facebook was clearly spooked by Twitter — and spooked , also , by the fact that we were spooked .
Because this is how social networks collapse .
Do things feel uncomfortable ?
Am I oversharing ?
Are others oversharing ?
Or is the company stealing my soul by mining my personal information ?
Wispy perceptions .
A slight paranoia .
And then , for no rational reason , a queasiness sets in , the comfort level drops , and people start to drift away .
One day the numbers are growing exponentially , and the next they ’re stagnant , none of the users are actually showing up , and there ’s another network that ’s getting all the buzz .
Friendster had numbers .
AOL had numbers .
It ’s like the Yogi Berra line : Nobody goes there anymore , it ’s too crowded .
It ’s easy to join on the web and just as easy to leave .
I ’m part of one of the fastest - growing segments on Facebook , users over 30 , and I ’m a late - adopter .
About three years ago , a trendy 22 - year - old colleague who wore T - shirts with slogans like THIS IS WHAT A FEMINIST LOOKS LIKE over her ample chest invited me to join , but I did not accept , as we were friends of no sort .
Soon , my e-mail box began to fill with weekly requests from slightly more mature friends — or , at least , people I know vaguely — to “ Check out my Facebook profile ! ”
Just like the boomers who missed out on the Summer of Love finally threw on some tie - dye and flocked to EST in the seventies , Gen -Xers have eagerly embraced Facebook as a chance to join millennial culture — the Paris Hilton–posey , authority - loving , hive mind of kids today — through Facebook .
Says a friend in her forties , “ Facebook makes us feel very young , which feels really great .
Connecting with old crushes , even younger . ”
I ’m not a joiner by nature — I have never been to a high - school or college reunion — but by last year , acquaintances at parties were no longer asking me “ What ’s your e-mail ? ” the way they have for the past few years , since they stopped asking “ What ’s your phone number ? ”
( No one can be bothered to use phones anymore , even cell phones . )
Now they were saying “ I ’ll find you on Facebook . ”
And if you were n’t on Facebook — where were you ?
Because on Facebook , people are doing things .
Their “ status updates ” say they are at the Cardio Barre , or haggling over prices at the Range Rover dealership , or making soup from scratch at home ; in fact , it seems to me that someone is always making soup .
This information scrolled rapidly down my screen when I was staring at my computer at work , and maybe it was n’t quite as fast as Twitter , but the people providing the information were twice as important to me .
It formed a constant reminder that there was still a real world out there with real people walking around in it , even if they had chosen to leave that world for a moment to join me in the pretend , Facebook world .
On Facebook , I did n’t have to talk to anyone , really , but I did n’t feel alone , and I mean “ alone ” in the existential use of the word ; everyone on Facebook wished me well , which I know not to be the case in the real world ; and , most important , there was nothing messy or untoward or unpleasant — the technology controlled human interaction , keeping everyone at a perfect distance , not too close and not too far away , in a zone where I rarely felt weird or lame or like I had said the wrong thing , the way one often feels in the real world .
This is the promise of Facebook , the utopian hope for it : the triumph of fellowship ; the rise of a unified consciousness ; peace through superconnectivity , as rapid bits of information elevate us to the Buddha mind , or at least distract us from whatever problems are at hand .
In a time of deep economic , political , and intergenerational despair , social cohesion is the only chance to save the day , and online social networks like Facebook are the best method available for reflecting — or perhaps inspiring — an aesthetic of unity .
In any case , these status updates formed a pleasant collage , a kind of poetry , like first - draft scribbles in Gertrude Stein ’s notebook — the poetry of the mundane .
Emily is in the heavenly land of Williamsburg ; Brian is tired and sweaty from a day of playing the Safety Ape and a clam and garlic pizza ; Elizabeth is reading , happily , with sunshine through a windowpane — and then got sucked into the vortex that is Facebook .
This micro-knowledge of others has been termed “ ambient awareness ” by sociologists , a new kind of social proprioception or ethereal limb , and I learned to flex it with ease .
But I thought that I would take a different angle for my first status update , something suitably ironic and a little bit outré : Vanessa is doing cocaine and piercing her nipples .
A Facebook faux pas , I quickly realized .
My fellow users pretended not to hear .
This safe and happy community is very much a product of design .
The old web , the frontier world of autonomy , anarchy , fantasies , and self - made porn , is being tamed .
The flaming , snarky , commenter - board culture that dips in periodically to bang heads against the floor and foster self - hate among humanity ’s ranks has been deemed not good for business .
Facebook ’s relentless emphasis on literal representation — the site maintains a “ blacklist ” of celebrity names to discourage impersonation and reserves the right to delete anyone who claims to be someone he is not , or who creates multiple accounts — turns out to be the weapon to quell the web ’s chaos .
Now online life is a series of Victorian drawing rooms , a well - tended garden where you bring your calling card and make polite conversation with those of your kind , a sanitized city on a hill where amity reigns , irony falls flat , and sarcasm is remarkably rare .
We prepare our faces , then come and go , sharing little bits of data , like photos , haikus , snippets of conversations — the intellectual property that composes our lives .
Sharing is actually not my word .
It ’s the most important Newspeak word in the Facebook lexicon , an infantilizing phrase whose far less cozy synonym is “ uploading data . ”
Facebook ’s entire business plan , insofar as it is understood by anyone , rests upon this continued practice of friends sharing with friends , and as such it is part of the company ’s bedrock belief , as expressed in the first line of its principles : “ People should have the freedom to share whatever information they want . ”
“ A lot of times users — well , I do n’t want to say they undervalue sharing , but a lot of times they do n’t want to share initially , ” said Chris Cox , Facebook ’s 26 - year - old director of products .
“ And then eventually , they say , ‘ Okay , I ’ll put a profile picture up here .
I ’ll do it . ’
Immediately , their friends comment on it , and there are no tacky , weird strangers around , and suddenly they start to realize , ‘ Hey , wait , this is different .
I am on the Internet , but I am in a safe place . ’ ”
We , the users , are what Facebook is selling .
Cox , a dropout from Stanford ’s graduate program in symbolic systems , is known professionally as Zuckerberg ’s better half and twice as handsome .
We were talking at the Facebook offices in Palo Alto earlier this year , when I spent three hours in a windowless conference room meeting with executives in one of the company ’s ten small buildings near the campus of Stanford University ( the company is moving to an office park next month ) .
Colorful graffiti of Facebook - cap - wearing kids waving Facebook flags line the corridors , and semi-ironic signs like THANKS , SILICON VALLEY , FOR INVENTING THE INTERNET !
hang on office doors .
It ’s all very Facebook -y : intimate , twee , and above all friendly , like the research offices of a well - funded postdoctoral project .
I took a trip to visit Facebook because I was interested in the way it is remaking social groups of old friends , so I mostly wanted to talk about that , but all these executives wanted to talk about was sharing .
And privacy .
And control .
( Although I did learn the biggest user complaint on the site : the inability to remove unflattering photos of themselves posted by friends . )
They said this kind of stuff : “ People have been traditionally too scared to share on the web , ” that from another executive , Chris Kelly , the company ’s chief privacy officer at the moment , though he is widely rumored to be leaving soon to run for attorney general of California .
“ They lost all control because they were too open with sharing information , ” he continued .
“ We give them back that control , so they will share again , and we think people will soon be much more comfortable about sharing more with more people . ”
He cleared his throat .
“ Ultimately , human beings are very social , ” said Kelly .
“ They want to share .
They just want to share with people that they know and trust . ”
For all the talk of sharing , it was a slightly tense environment , a little like being in a capsule , hurtling into the great unknown , which is the future of the web .
It was all a little vertiginous .
In our conversation , we marveled at Facebook ’s runaway growth of about a million new members a day , which Kelly called an “ explosion . ”
It ’s an astonishing number , but things are moving and changing incredibly fast on the web right now .
They know that Facebook ’s massive cultural footprint could be washed away tomorrow by forces not yet understood , not least by the micro-choices and preconscious perceptions of its users .
Then again , these are smart guys who have thought deeply about the ways their little planet can perish .
They ’re not wicked corporate invaders ; they ’re behaviorists and lawyers , psychology majors and big thinkers .
There ’s a moral undercurrent to their pronouncements — this is what they ’re selling , of course — and they talk the talk so well , it ’s hard to imagine they ’re not walking the walk , too .
“ I do n’t think of our users as customers , ” says Cox .
“ That reminds me of someone coming into a store and buying a sandwich .
We ’re all Facebook users here , and our parents , friends , colleagues , and loved ones are Facebook users .
This is a much more intimate relationship , frankly .
We take it very personally . ”
When we first use Facebook , we ’re back in college , and just like the first day there , we really want to make friends .
We love sharing :
We ’ll talk to the loser girl down the hall who only listens to the Eagles , the kid who sits next to us in physics , the R.A. who does n’t seem as cool as an R.A. should be .
Within a week on the service , I had 50 friend requests , many from people I did not recall from any particular time in my life , and there was a certain loss of innocence as I realized this was n’t a sign of brain freeze : I really did n’t know these people .
They were just nice people using the site as they thought it should be used , for social networking , though this is n’t the way cool people use the site , so I quickly de-friended them .
( Although one could argue that deciding who to be and not to be friends with on Facebook is the most uncool thing in the world . )
This is part of the magic of Facebook , where many actions that take on weight in the real world simply do n’t pack the same punch :
You can reconnect with long - lost friends without a gooey , uncomfortable e-mail about why you grew apart ; you can forget to return Facebook e-mail and nobody minds ; you can click obsessively on someone ’s profile and there ’s no way for him to know it .
“ Stalking on Facebook does n’t feel like stalking , ” says Rachel Zabar , my friend from high school .
“ It feels innocent , like when you were a kid and had a crush on someone and you ’d call him and hang up . ”
At lunch with girlfriends , we talked endlessly about negotiating the boundaries of this new social world : which estranged friends had most recently come out of the woodwork ; whose profile was cool and whose was too “ Facebook -y ” ; who was a “ Facebook abuser ” : “ He tried to get all of the people on his friend list to send his mom a birthday note ! ”
The dark art of stalking ex-boyfriends on Google began to shift over to Facebook , as many more personal details were suddenly available there .
“ I saw Facebook pictures of my ex with his new wife and their new baby on a private jet ! ” wails a friend .
“ That was too much for me . ”
She sighs .
“ I ca n’t believe I ’m stalking people ’s babies on Facebook . ”
The deeply voyeuristic pleasure of Facebook , wherein one feels as though one were sucking the very life out of the person whose profile one is viewing , was only part of the story , and many of the conversations that I had with friends about Facebook quickly catapulted past Jane Austen and into the territory of Eckhart Tolle , as we confessed the details of deep exchanges that we ’d had on the site , the healing that was going on .
A friend got back together with her ex-husband , who had resettled in Norway ; another reconnected with a friend who had supported her when she was experiencing sexual abuse as an adolescent .
Facebook wants you to form these bonds ; it wants to create “ folksonomies , ” an academic term for what we ’re doing when we tag people ’s photos and write Facebook haikus to lovers and in general pass the network more and more information , because , by the law of network effects , the more that you parse out your relationships to other people , the stronger their networks become .
Here is another parable about web 2.0 culture :
In nursery school at Bank Street on 112th and Broadway , a kid used to bite me — a lot .
It was a progressive preschool in the seventies , and crazy stuff happened there — one day , my friend ’s mother jumped in front of the subway after she dropped her off at school , and Bank Street chose to share this information with us in class .
Gabe would bite my arm while we playing during recess ; he would bite my leg when I was coloring in my book ; he would bite me when we lined up by size in the hallway , where I , the runt , was always first .
( He also put another kid in an empty refrigerator in the teacher ’s lounge , briefly . )
It took six months for the school to figure out that he was biting me , because the penalty for biting was getting sent home for the rest of the day , at which point the torture abated .
Gabe ended up at Fieldston , and I ’d seen him a few times on the Manhattan prep - school social circuit , but I never knew much about him .
One day he friended me on Facebook .
We agreed to meet for a drink , and he looked sheepish as he told me things that I never knew .
He had a learning disability as a kid and suffered from severe ear infections .
When we knew each other , he could n’t speak in full sentences and every day after school he had to meet with a speech therapist .
“ I was confused and angry as a kid , ” he said .
“ I was so traumatized by my health problems that I did n’t mind fighting .
I was n’t scared of anything , because it could n’t possibly hurt worse than my ear infections already did . ”
This is part of who I am now — somebody who knows that her nursery - school tormentor was n’t a bully without a heart .
It will get logged into my profile , and that profile will become part of the “ social graph , ” which is a map of every known human relationship in the universe .
Filling it in is Facebook ’s big vision , a typically modest one for Silicon Valley .
It ’s too complex for a computer scientist to build .
Just as our free calls to GOOG - 411 helped Google build its voice - recognition technology , we are creating the graph for Facebook , and I ’m not sure that we can take ourselves out once we ’ve put ourselves on there .
We have changed the nature of the graph by our very presence , which facilitates connections between our disparate groups of friends , who now know each other .
“ If you leave Facebook , you can remove data objects , like photographs , but it ’s a complete impossibility that you can control all of your data , ” says Fred Stutzman , a teaching fellow studying social networks at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
“ Facebook ca n’t promise it , and no one can promise it .
You ca n’t remove yourself from the site because the site has , essentially , been shaped by you . ”
This graph , this most intimate of databases , is so immensely valuable , and powerful — if in ways as yet impossible to comprehend — that it is hard to imagine it being held in the hands of a 24 - year - old eager to make his stamp on the world .
Facebook may thicken social bonds , but it was founded on the ruins of a relationship .
Zuckerberg , a confident , privileged programmer and fencer from Dobbs Ferry who graduated from Exeter , started the site in 2004 , as a Harvard sophomore studying computer science and psychology .
After he created a stir on campus with a mean - spirited comparison of Harvard students ’ relative attractiveness ( quickly shut down by university administrators ) , a trio of entrepreneurial classmates , including Olympian rowing twins , approached him to write code for an online Harvard Facebook that they planned to call Harvard Connection .
According to the Connection guys , Zuckerberg agreed to the project , then blew them off for a couple months .
Then he launched The Facebook.com .
( The three students settled with him for $ 65 million in June 2008 ; they are now suing one of their law firms for making them a questionable deal , as the sum was awarded partially in Facebook stock ) .
Why does MySpace have fewer users ?
Why do social networks fail ?
A slight five foot eight with a cocky attitude but a halting way of speaking , and a near - daily uniform of a fleece paired with a tie , Zuckerberg enjoys his position of power immensely , though a friend says that he does n’t care about money at all — except he really wants a jet .
He used to have a business card that read I ’M CEO … BITCH .
Sweeping proclamations fall from his lips , as when he declared he had started a “ movement ” when he opened Facebook ’s API to developers , or that “ once every hundred years , media changes , ” upon the release of Beacon , an ad program that he had to cancel because of user discontent ( it was reintroduced as an opt - in program a few months later , and continues with a small number of participating sites today ) .
At his core , he is a programmer — he loves the nerd widgets on the site , like ( fluff ) Friends — and like most programmers , he believes that more information makes a better world , and a more tolerant one .
And he could be right .
Your digital self could be even more sensitive , and powerful , than your real self :
It could possess more information , and more information is power ; it could push progressive cultural norms , like the Saudi women who organized for driving privileges with the help of Facebook ; more friends on Facebook already mean more job opportunities , and will likely produce free iPods for those who are identified as influencers by marketers .
But web cognoscenti tend to think that people who worry too much about privacy are sentimentalists who should grow up , and while maintaining a sense of privacy is Facebook ’s core strength , it ’s hard to believe that Zuckerberg and the Facebook staff are all that different .
Facebook does not give advertisers access to personal information , but third - party widget developers are allowed to scrape some of it with user consent ( they are prevented from accessing information like e-mails and IM addresses ) .
The U.S. government , plus criminal attorneys and divorce lawyers , do n’t technically have access to it either , but it ’s not hard to get a subpoena in this country these days .
And the developers are sometimes located in foreign countries , which means that they could pass our information to foreign governments .
I asked Kelly about this , too , and perhaps he found me too credulous .
“ So the Indian government knows that you like Bon Jovi , and that ’s a threat to national security ? ” he asked , laughing .
I get his point , but I still do n’t like it .
Kubrick dreamed of villains like this : nerds in fleece , controlling the information , calling their cult a family .
It was an image , a kind of inchoate anxiety about the future , rather than anything you could put your finger on .
In many conversations with privacy experts , it was hard to see what , specifically , was upsetting them so much ; part of their strategy is clearly to pressure the big dog to set good policies now , so that others follow them later .
Twenty years down the road , as algorithms and filtering mechanisms are significantly stronger and we ’ve moved from PCs to home monitors with information stored in remote locations — “ the cloud ” — we will entrust ever more of ourselves to large data centers , many of which are already built around the Columbia River .
Facebook already has tens of thousands of servers in a few data centers throughout the country , but this pales in comparison to Microsoft ’s facility in Quincy , Washington :
Their data center is the area of ten football fields , 1.5 metric tons of batteries for backup power , and 48 megawatts of electricity , enough to power 40,000 homes .
An uncanny simulacrum of your life has been created on the web .
It may not be too hyperbolic to talk about a digital self , as a fourth addition to mind , body , and spirit .
It ’s not the kind of thing that one wants to give away .
To get to this endgame , though , Facebook has to get through the current phase , which involves keeping people interested .
I enjoyed myself on Facebook until a couple of months ago , when I went to a dentist with a little dog in her office , which she put in my lap during my exam .
I found this odd enough to justify writing a status update .
Several of my friends commented appropriately —
“ Not so hygienic , I ’m thinking , LOL ” — but my friend Judd took offense .
“ And then what happened , Vanessa ? ” he sneered .
“ I mean in a moment like that , there ’s you , the dentist , the dog .
It puts dog-lovers and dental fanatics and probably some perverts on the edge of their chairs .
So go on , WHAT HAPPENED NEXT ? ”
“ This is why you have 100 friends on Facebook and two in real life , ” I replied , somewhat lamely .
“ Oops — now you have one ! ”
He quickly chastised me .
“ Suggestion , ” he shot back .
“ Start a group called Everybody Please Hate Judd .
I ’ll join it !
Or rehabilitate me , via Facebook : Encourage me to share , with the kind of warm , dull , 12 - steppish type comments that real Facebookers offer each other every day .
The truth is , everyone here has gone back to high school , but now they ’ve read some books , got some cool corporate skills , and this time , they ’re going to win this game .
You go girl ! ”
This was the beginning of the end .
Suddenly , Facebook began to irk me — the way friends always posted about procrastinating , being stuck in traffic , needing a nap or a vacation , or seemed to formulate their updates in declarative yet vague form , like “ Michelle is upset ” or “ Roya is pouting , ” thus coming off like a needy jerk and making us take time out of our day to plead with them to answer the burning question : “ Why are you pouting ? ”
There was the day someone posted about bowel movements .
There were too many days when friends , in pathetic attempts to rattle their cages , posted joke updates like “ I ’m gay ! ” or “ I just got arrested ! ”
There was the day that a friend of mine posted the passport of their newborn , because it was supercute , but I thought of the jpeg finding its way into one of Facebook ’s servers and it was just … creepy .
Friends of mine began to freak out , like a guy with intimacy issues who dropped his girlfriend after reading a list that she had posted on Facebook about her favorite memories ; another woman became so addicted to the site that she appeared blank - faced and wobbly in the real world , suddenly uncomfortable with unmediated experience .
Other friends started to react poorly as well .
“ One day , I finally sent a Facebook message to the guy who is the love of my life , even though technically I broke his heart , ” says a friend , 38 .
“ I said , ‘ I know you work at IAC , and I ’ve just moved down the street from where you work — do you want to get coffee ? ’
He wrote me back , ‘ I think it would hurt too much .
Plus you and I were never the coffee kind of people anyway . ’ ” Because he had responded to her message , Facebook allowed her to see the guy ’s profile — and , for the first time , she found out that he was married .
“ I had no idea , and I was so devastated , ” she says .
“ I cried for days . ”
Why has the number of MySpace visitors remained essentially flat in the past year ?
Why do social networks fail ?
Maybe it ’s claustrophobic to know this much about other people .
Maybe we like the way the way we ’ve been able to live over the past 50 years , the freedom to move where we want , date who we like , and insert ourselves into any number of social cliques , before we cast aside those who bore us and never look back .
Independence is a gift , even if it ’s lonely sometimes , and solving childhood mysteries may make people happier , but it does n’t necessarily turn them into the people they dream of being .
So we keep perpetuating the cycle of birthing and abandoning new online communities , drawing close and then pulling away , on a perpetual search for the perfect balance of unity and autonomy on the web .
I do n’t want to leave Facebook — reloading personal photos and making new friends on another site feels very junior high ; it would be a drag .
But it ’s easy to imagine a circumstance — the wrong ads , too much information about too many people , some invisible level where being commodified starts to drive me nuts — when I might stop showing up , living my life in the real world , checking the site every couple of months .
Monetize that … bitch .
Facebook may well turn out to be some sort of democracy , or at least , as Cox says , a “ democracy in spirit . ”
“ I think there ’s a little -d democratic analogy here , to the U.S. government for instance , ” says Chris Kelly .
“ You do n’t get to vote on every budget item :
You get to vote for your representatives , and you can rise up in constitutional convention , if you want to organize one of them , but on a foundational level , there ’s a consent to be governed . ”
This might be as much as we can expect on the web .
If it is , then our fates are already tied together , because we can either rise up in large numbers , or remain silent — rule - followers , faceless Facebook members .
It ’s possible that even Harper will go back being nobody , to doing as he ’s told .
After all , it ’s a big victory , getting an important company to change its Terms of Service , even if it did n’t take all of his suggestions .
He ’s a busy guy , and apolitical ; he did n’t vote in the presidential election , but says that if he had , he would have chosen Barack Obama or Alan Keyes .
Last week , Facebook called him again to ask him if he would look over a summary of user feedback before they publish the new Terms of Service on April 10 , and told him that it was consulting an independent auditor for the upcoming vote .
“ I think they wanted some kind of comment like , ‘ This totally restores my faith in Facebook , ’ ” he says .
“ I was like , ‘ Okay , I ’m happy you ’re doing this , but I ’m not going to be your mouthpiece . ’ ” Harper may not fully understand what he ’s fighting , but he still wants to fight .
He ’s not ready to blend in the crowd .
Now , he ’s even thinking about applying to law school .
“ I like that my claim to fame is something that helps people , that I ’m not Omarosa from The Apprentice , ” he says , his brown eyes lighting up .
“ I ’d like to be a person who makes decisions .
That would be cool . ”
Editor 's Note :
The author of this post , Merton Bernstein , would like to thank Dr. Christina Daw for her research assistance .
Science does not permit ideology to foreclose inquiry ; it requires facing facts and following where they and logic lead .
Hence many cheered when President Barack Obama announced that science is back , that predisposition will no longer be permitted to trump reality .
Everyone knew he was talking about stem cell research .
Who could have guessed that the Obama administration and key congressional players would exclude single - payer / Medicare - for - all programs from consideration even though that means ignoring the cost savings of hundreds of billions of dollars in private plans ’ nonbenefit costs ?
Further , administration health experts advertise their focus on avoiding incentives for unnecessary treatment , but pay no mind to the expensive distortions that follow from physicians ’ ownership interests in high - cost equipment and services .
Odd that the scientific method does not apply to medical care where science should govern .
Snubbing And Chiding Single - Payer Advocates
Until the day before the Health Care Summit , no advocate of single - payer / Medicare - for - all had been invited to rub shoulders at the White House conference with the hordes of insurance and drug manufacturer officials and lobbyists , right - wing think - tank pundits , major employers and their organizations , and hospital executives – all deeply implicated in the design , execution , and defense of the current dysfunctional medical care insurance nonsystem – the supposed object of “ reform . ”
An 11th hour invitation came only after a threatened demonstration by doctors , nurses , and medical students who back a single - payer proposal sponsored by 94 members of the U.S. House of Representatives .
Even the legendarily unbiased Congressional Budget Office had shortly before issued two large studies of medical care , totaling about 400 pages , containing only a few cursory paragraphs about single payer / Medicare - for - all .
The president opened and closed the one - day summit with his usual splendidly composed summary of hurdles to providing medical care to all and curbing costs .
He had sharp words only for “ bleeding - heart liberals , ” chiding them for inattention to costs although they repeatedly stress the huge savings single - payer / Medicare - for - all could deliver .
It is his experts who persistently ignore those cost savings while pursuing possibly desirable but unproven methods of reducing costs .
So , for example , claims are made for vast savings by health information technology ( IT ) , such as computerization of patient records , which might reduce medical errors if a uniform nationwide system becomes operational – years hence .
Similarly , it is unproven that paying health care providers based on outcomes would be feasible ; with hundreds of millions of billings , assessing the efficacy of each treatment seems impossible – and impossibly costly .
Savings From Medicare - For -All
Medicare - for - all would save hundreds of billions every year .
Private insurers expend enormous sums for insurer commissions , advertising , Wall - Street - scale executive compensation , and profits .
In contrast , Medicare spends little or nothing on these unnecessary , unproductive activities .
Health care providers and private plans struggle with thousands of different billing schedules .
As the New York Times reported : “ The average provider – doctors or hospitals – has between 5 and 100 reimbursement rates for the same procedure .
. . .
A hospital chain may have 150 rates for the same procedure . ”
In contrast , Medicare districts employ only one .
That helps explain why Medicare ’s nonbenefit expenditures require only 4 percent of benefit outlays while private plans expend far more – on the order of 20 % for publicly traded companies and as much as 31 % of premium for some .
We are talking real money .
A recent McKinsey Quarterly article found that medical care insurer billing consumes more than $ 300 billion a year , costing 15 percent or more of medical outlays .
Medicare - for - all would make do on a sliver of that .
( Harvard Medical School economist Rashi Fein tells the story of a former colleague working at a Montreal hospital , where three people processed bills there , primarily for traveling Americans .
Later he worked at Chicago 's Michael Reese Hospital , where the billing facility , jammed with clerks at computers , stretched a football field 's length in two directions . )
Understand that Medicare uses private insurers to administer its program and pays private providers to deliver care ; patients select their providers , a choice many private plans limit .
Medicare confines its payments to a fee schedule it promulgates after receiving the advice of the Medical Payment Advisory Commission ( MedPAC ) , which comprises a variety of practitioners and others .
That price constraint reduces costs .
But the big savings come from simplified billing / payment procedures .
In addition , Medicare delivers its benefits at lower cost than means - tested programs like Medicaid and the Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) .
Absorbing all such programs ( and there are many ) into Medicare would save tens of billions more and speed up providing care .
Opponents dismiss Medicare - for - all as a “ one- size - fits - all ” formula .
Well , who among us knows how to estimate when we or a family member will need medical care ?
Who among us can gauge when a heart attack may strike or a drunken driver will cross the median ?
In this world full of uncertainty , we all share the same need for assured medical care – that ’s the size Medicare - for - all fits .
The Effects Of Conflicts Of Interest
Studies repeatedly show that medical care providers with ownership interests in labs and high - cost devices like computed tomography ( CT ) scan and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) machines prescribe those services far more than those who do not own any .
Medical societies should ban such conflicts of interest ; if they do n’t , Medicare , which attempts to curb them , should forbid them completely .
That would save billions and confine providers to their proper role : treatment based on medical grounds uninfluenced by profit .
So why do the Obama medical care gurus , Senator Baucus and Senator Grassley , and the Congressional Budget Office exclude Medicare - for - all , although it would save far more than any rival plan ?
In large measure , that results from the propaganda war on single - payer .
President Obama says that it would be impractical to try to substitute Medicare for “ legacy ” private plans because so many are “ accustomed to ” them .
But “ accustomed to ” simply does not describe plans that are melting down , disappearing , and becoming constantly more unaffordable .
Further , Medicare does not charge higher rates for pre-existing conditions or for elderly and female patients as private plans do , thereby encouraging employers to discriminate in employment .
Moreover , with everyone covered for all needed medical care , the greater part of malpractice compensation – medical repair – would be met without the delay and expenses of medical malpractice disputes and litigation .
Yet the Obama , Baucus , Grassley , CBO , and other playlists exclude consideration of Medicare - for - all .
With rising discomfort with the price tag of recovery programs , those desiring comprehensive health care cannot afford to disregard a program with such enormous savings .
If Medicare - for - all gets “ on the table ” before the Senate Finance and House Ways and Means committees , the CBO must report its vast savings and its greater efficiency and effectiveness compared with more expensive alternatives .
Only by censorship – only by treating Medicare - for - all as nonexistent – can lesser alternatives be discussed with a straight face .
And censorship is not compatible with science .
My grandmother passed away a month ago and , frankly , I ’m still reeling from it in some ways .
She was a daily part of my life for my entire childhood , a regular phone companion , and a person I visited ( at least ) monthly , even though she lived four hours away .
My mother took the loss even worse , especially since she was the one charged with taking care of my grandmother ’s affairs in the days after her passing .
Unfortunately , we came to find out that my grandmother ’s papers and information were incredibly poorly organized , with my mother finally resorting to digging through boxes of old papers and calling numbers just to put the pieces together .
With such organization , it was really clear that my grandmother ’s financial organization relied entirely on her ongoing health and sharp state of mind .
If she had fallen into poor health , either physical or mental , it would have been impossible for someone to step in and take care of her affairs .
In her passing , she left a lot of confusing papers in her wake , adding up to a lot of painful hours for the people left behind , sifting through all of this information to take care of such things .
After this experience , I realized that I never want my family – my wife , my children , my parents , or anyone else – to wind up in this situation .
I resolved to go far beyond my old master information document and create a resource that my family could turn to in any painful situation – my loss of life , my loss of good mental or physical health , and the potential loss of our property in a disaster .
I ’ve been collecting all of this information in a binder of my own design .
I took a serious look at several prepackaged solutions for this type of situation – Life.doc , Know Where You Are , and several others – but all of them failed in some respect .
They left out something I considered important .
They were n’t customizable enough .
I could n’t just print off more forms .
So , I decided to assemble my own .
What follows is a detailed description of the document I ’m still assembling with enough detail that you could easily make your own .
My advice ?
Copy and paste all of the text below into a Microsoft Word document , then start filling in the blanks .
I would turn each section into a big header – perhaps on its own page – so that it ’s easy to find , and I ’d use separators to keep the sections apart .
If you have the same kind of worries that I do , assembling this binder will take a big load off of your mind .
Ready to dive in ?
Let ’s get started .
What You Need
To assemble this , you ’ll need several items .
A three - ring binder Since you ’ll be moving pages around , a three ring binder is the best way to go .
Although you may save this documentation electronically , you ’ll want to have a hard copy sitting in a safe place ( like in a deposit box at a bank ) so that you can turn to it in times of need .
A computer with a printer
This is optional , but highly worthwhile .
Recording all this information in an electronic fashion makes it much easier to make updates later .
A three - hole puncher
This makes it easy to punch holes in the pages so that they ’ll easily fit in the binder .
Dividers
You ’ll want 15 to 20 section dividers for the binder to make it easy to flip to the place you want .
A camera , preferably a digital one You ’ll likely need to take pictures of many of your items .
A digital camera makes this quite easy , though a film - based one fills the need , too .
A writing utensil and some notebook paper
As you prepare this document , you ’re going to take a lot of notes along the way .
Be prepared .
Plenty of time
This will take quite a long time to assemble .
Do n’t expect to do it all in an hour or even in an afternoon .
A Basic Emergency Plan
Every family should have an emergency plan .
Where will you meet in times of disaster ?
What key people do you need to call ?
What key items should be extracted from the home ?
Where are the shut - off valves in your home ?
It ’s worth your effort to start this process by developing a simple emergency plan and keeping a copy of it in your home as well as in this binder .
Here ’s what you should include .
Immediate emergency plan Identify two locations where you will meet in the event of an emergency .
One place should be about 500 feet from your home .
The other place should be a location outside your town that all family members can easily locate – say , the home of a grandparent .
That way , all of you know where to go if there ’s a disaster at your home – or a disaster in your area .
Emergency item list
You have five minutes .
What do you grab out of your home ?
Spend some time thinking about this and make a list of five or so items that you ( or family members ) could quickly grab in the event of a disaster .
Old photos , a backup hard drive , and a portable safe might be good things to list .
Household shut - down information
What do you need to do to effectively “ shut down ” your home ?
Know where the turn - off is for the gas and the water and note them here , as well as fire extinguisher locations .
If you keep emergency food or water stored somewhere in your home , note that here , too .
If you have a burglar alarm in your home , make a note of this , too , as well as any plans you have related to that ( such as calling an alarm phone ) .
Three ( or more ) emergency contacts
Who should be contacted in the event of an emergency ?
You should have their contact information at the ready , particularly every possible phone number for them .
Good people to consider for this role include your parents , your siblings , your lifelong friends , and your pastor / clergy .
Who possesses keys for your home ?
Keep a list of the people who have keys to your home / automobiles , as well as their contact information .
If you keep a key hidden outside , I would not note this in the document .
Key contacts
You should keep a list of key contacts – work , school , and organizations where you ( or your spouse ) hold leadership positions are good to note here .
You should also include contact information for your primary care physicians .
Key Information About Each Family Member
You should maintain some basic information for each person who is dependent on you – you , your spouse , your children , and any other people who you ’re responsible for ( such as disabled or elderly relatives ) .
What information is worthwhile for each person ?
Key personal information
Full legal name and birth date should be recorded as a minimum .
Social Security number is optional – it could be very useful , but it ’s also something of a security risk .
Perhaps just write it on the copy stored in the safe at the bank .
Home , work , and school addresses , phone numbers , and emails
In other words , the most complete contact information you can assemble for each person .
Key work contacts Such information as your work identification number (s ) , your department at work , and any other key data from your job should go here .
You should also note the name and contact information for your work supervisor , any key assistants or subordinates that you have , a human resource contact , and a pension / 401( k ) /403 ( b ) contact .
If the person is a student , contact information for the school and any school identification numbers are key .
Health insurance information
Make absolutely sure you have health insurance information for each person – the policy number , the provider , and contact information for the provider .
Medication list
What medications is the person actively taking ?
What dosages ?
What pharmacies ?
What doctor (s ) prescribed the medication ?
Diseases or other health concerns A simple list of the diseases and other major medical conditions of the person is useful , as is an allergy list .
Blood type can also be useful , as can whether or not the person is an organ donor .
Complete physician and pharmacy list with contacts
Every doctor that a person sees on any regular basis should be noted ( name , specialty , contact information ) .
Other medical history A medical history can also be useful in a medical emergency , such as surgeries and past conditions .
Copy of will , living will , power of attorney , trust documentation A copy of all of these documents is useful .
These can be photocopies , as long as the location of certified versions is identified .
Details on All Insurance Policies
For each policy that you have of any kind , make a list of the insurance type , the insurance company ( and contact info ) , the policy number , the agent ’s name , and the agent ’s phone number .
A copy of the policies can also be useful , but at the very least , you should jot down a quick summary of each policy under the contact information .
Types of insurance to remember : homeowners ’ insurance , automobile insurance , renters ’ insurance , other property insurance , life insurance , health insurance , dental insurance , disability insurance , long term care insurance , liability insurance , pet insurance , and mortgage insurance .
There may be others .
Details on All Accounts
A complete listing of all of your accounts is essential .
Banks
You should maintain a list of all banks where you or anyone in your family holds an account .
You may want to note account holders as well .
Account information is optional here – I would perhaps write it in by hand on the copy in the safe , but not keep it electronically .
Investment accounts
The same information should apply to all investment accounts , retirement or otherwise .
This includes pensions and any other potential sources of income .
Key property title locations
The location of the titles of all homes and automobiles you or your spouse own is useful .
Legal partnerships
A list of all legal partnerships that the person is involved with is vital , along with a contact person for each one .
Key financial personnel Contact information for your accountant , your stock broker , and / or your financial planner (s ) is key here .
Mortgage and other debts A full list of every organization with which you hold a debt is also useful .
Credit cards
Keep a list of every bank with which you have a credit card , as well as the phone number for that card .
Do n’t include the account numbers – they ’re not necessary and are a bit of a security risk .
Real estate holdings
A full list of your real estate holdings is very useful , along with the location of any and all deeds .
Legal representation
You should also have contact information for your lawyer .
Location of other legal documents Depending on your situation , you may need to note other legal documents of importance .
You may want to note the location of any birth certificates , adoption papers , custody agreements , divorce agreements , military papers , lease documentation , passports , real estate deeds , pre-nupital agreements , marriage licenses , wills , trusts , living wills , contracts , powers of attorney documents , and any other contracts that may be relevant .
You can include copies of any of these as you see fit , but you should keep all of the original documents gathered somewhere ( preferably in a safe in a bank ) .
Service Providers
This piece is simple .
Every business or individual that provides a service to you should have their contact information listed in a central place ( so that they can quickly be contacted to postpone or eliminate services ) .
Services to remember : your child ’s caregiver , your housekeeper , your baby sitter , your pet sitter , your gardener , your pool maintenance company , your gas company , your telephone company , your cell phone provider , your electric company , your cable provider , your garbageman , your lawn service , your pest control service , your computer repairman , your building superintendent or landlord , your alarm services , your cleaning services , and any other services you might have .
A Thorough Inventory of Your Possessions
This will perhaps be the most time consuming part of all .
For insurance purposes , it ’s incredibly useful to have a thorough inventory of all of the possessions in your home ( and elsewhere ) .
Here ’s the exact procedure I would follow .
First , make a list of every room in your house , all external buildings , and any other key locations where there ’s a significant amount of your property .
This is essentially a location checklist , to make sure every place where you have property is accounted for .
Do n’t forget the attic or the basement or the shed in the back !
Next , go to each of these rooms / locations and make a careful list of all of the items with significant value in the room .
Do n’t worry about specifics – just make sure you ’ve actually noted all of the valuable items in the room .
It ’s more important to hit all the big things than to get bogged down in items worth just a dollar or two that prevent you from ever getting this done , so I propose a rule of thumb : only note things with a value of $ 20 or more .
If you want to note more items , come back later and do this again , but do n’t write down the items on the first time through if the value is that low .
Do n’t forget drawers , jewelry boxes , under beds , in closets , or other such locations that are easy to overlook .
Take your time with this process .
Once you have this big list of possessions , document it as much as possible .
Write down any serial numbers you can identify .
Take photos of as many items as possible ( including large collections , like books , DVDs , and so on ) .
If you have a digital camera , this is n’t a problem – thoroughly document your items .
Make estimates as to the value of the items .
For larger items ( anything worth more than , say , $ 100 ) , note the date and place of purchase , the purchase price , and keep a copy of the receipt ( you can scan the receipt and save it in the document if you wnat ) .
This will take a long time .
Do n’t sweat it .
Take your time and do it right .
Updating Your Document
I recommend several avenues for maintaining and updating the document .
First , keep both an electronic and a hard copy of the document in a safe place .
I recommend keeping them in a safe deposit box at your bank .
Keep the electronic copy on a CD or on a memory stick .
Second , update your local copy of the document electronically every time you notice a change .
You can print off updates for each change if you like , but do n’t sweat it too much .
Every six months or so , review the document carefully for changes .
Add new possessions and remove ones that have been sold or given away .
Then , print out any updated pages and replace them in the binder that ’s in your safe deposit box , as well as replacing the electronic copy .
You ’ll Be Glad You Did It
Even aside from the peace of mind that will come from having this document , there will come some point in your life where having all of this information at hand will come in handy – your house burns down , or your spouse passes away suddenly .
During those times of crisis , having all of this data available easily to you will make all the difference in the world , taking a healthy dose of stress away from that painful and challenging moment .
A girl born in Japan today will probably live to celebrate her 86th birthday , the longest life expectancy anywhere in the world , according to the World Health Organisation , which announced its annual health statistics today .
Men live longest in San Marino , where the average life expectancy for a boy born today is 81 .
Sierra Leone has the shortest life expectancy for men , just 39 , while Afghan men live to 41 and women to 42 on average .
The figures for 2007 , the latest year available , show a sharp decline in life expectancy in many African countries since 1990 , largely due to the HIV pandemic .
The southern African nation of Lesotho recorded a fall of 16 years for men and women , to 43 and 47 respectively .
In the nearby kingdom of Swaziland , women now live to 49 on average , a fall of 14 years , while men's life expectancy had declined by 12 years to 47 .
Botswana , Congo , Kenya , South Africa and Zambia also reported significant drops in life expectancy for both sexes since 1990 .
In Zimbabwe , where the economic crisis has created shortages of food and medicine , women 's life expectancy fell by 19 years to 44 , and men's by 12 years to 45 .
The data also showed that some countries have made remarkable progress in increasing life expectancy since 1990 – partly by ending wars , partly through successful health initiatives .
Eritrea 's life expectancy during that period rose by 33 years to 61 for men , and by 12 years to 65 for women .
In Liberia , the figure for men jumped by 29 years to 54 , and by 13 years to 58 for women .
Angola , Bangladesh , Maldives , Niger and East Timor also increased average life expectancies for men and women by 10 years .
In the US , the life expectancy was on the rise for both sexes : up to 76 from 72 for men , and to 81 from 79 for women .
In Russia , the average life expectancy for men has dropped to 60 from 64 since the Soviet era .
For women it fell to 73 from 74 .
It 's Never The Crime ...
During today 's White House briefing , CBS's Chip Reid asked Robert Gibbs about a Daily Telegraph report that claims there are photographs of U.S. soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners which include images of rape and sexual abuse .
Major General Antonio Taguba -- who conducted the Abu Ghraib investigation -- confirmed the photographs authenticity to the Telegraph , telling the paper that they " show torture , abuse , rape and every indecency . "
Still , Taguba said he agreed with President Obama 's decision to reverse course and not release additional photos of prisoner abuse .
Gibbs not only reminded the press corps that the Pentagon denied the report , but used the opportunity to take shots at the British press .
" I want to speak generally about some reports I 've witnessed over the past few years in the British media , " Gibbs said .
" In some ways , I 'm surprised it filtered down . "
" Let 's just say if I wanted to look up , if I wanted to read a write - up of how Manchester United fared last night in the Champions League Cup , I 'd might open up a British newspaper , " he continued .
" If I was looking for something that bordered on truthful news , I 'm not entirely sure it'd be the first pack of clips I 'd pick up . "
When the photo question came up later , Gibbs again denied the Telegraph report , but also said that he had n't seen all the photos .
So the White House was quick to deny the Telegraph report today , but what about Major General Taguba 's on - the - record confirmation that the photos described in the report exist ?
Google ’s general philosophy surrounding AdSense ad placement is to make them blend with the rest of a site ’s content , so it ’s always struck me as a little strange that publishers have had no control over the fonts displayed .
That ’s just changed , with Google announcing an update which allow ads to be rendered in a number of fonts .
Do n’t get too excited , though , because there ’s a small selection — Arial , Times and Verdana .
You do n’t get much control beyond that .
Obviously , you ca n’t alter the size of the fonts because the ad blocks are specific sizes and you ’d end up clipping ads ( this often happens if a user manually increases the font size on their browser ) .
It only works on ads displaying Latin - based characters , and it wo n’t affect image - based adverts .
The default is to use the “ Standard AdSense font family ” so you do n’t have to worry that all your ads will suddenly transform into Times font if you do n’t want them to .
It will be interesting to see if this change makes any difference to conversion rates .
Never an exact science , of course .
Inside AdSense blog ( via ProBlogger )
Author : Andy Merrett Andy Merrett is a London - based full - time blogger writing for several Shiny Media technology blogs and various other projects .
Find him on Facebook and Twitter .
How the United States is dealing with terrorism suspects beyond those already in the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , was a question Mr. Obama did not address in the speech he gave Thursday about his antiterrorism policies .
While he said he might seek to create a new system that would allow preventive detention inside the United States , the government currently has no obvious long - term detention center for imprisoning terrorism suspects without court oversight .
Mr. Obama has said he still intends to close the Guantánamo prison by January , despite misgivings in Congress , and the Supreme Court has ruled that inmates there may challenge their detention before federal judges .
Some suspects are being imprisoned without charges at a United States air base in Afghanistan , but a federal court has ruled that at least some of them may also file habeas corpus lawsuits to challenge their detentions .
American officials say that in the last years of the Bush administration and now on Mr. Obama ’s watch , the balance has shifted toward leaving all but the most high - level terrorist suspects in foreign rather than American custody .
The United States has repatriated hundreds of detainees held at prisons in Cuba , Iraq and Afghanistan , but the current approach is different because it seeks to keep the prisoners out of American custody altogether .
How the United States deals with terrorism suspects remains a contentious issue in Congress .
Leon E. Panetta , the director of the C.I.A. , said in February that the agency might continue its program of extraordinary rendition , in which captured terrorism suspects are transferred to other countries without extradition proceedings .
He said the C.I.A. would be likely to continue to transfer detainees from their place of capture to other countries , either their home countries or nations that intended to bring charges against them .
As a safeguard against torture , Mr. Panetta said , the United States would rely on diplomatic assurances of good treatment .
The Bush administration sought the same assurances , which critics say are ineffective .
A half - dozen current and former American intelligence and counterterrorism officials and allied officials were interviewed for this article , but all spoke on the condition of anonymity because the detention and interrogation programs are classified .
Got time to spare ?
Why not board a Cebu Pacific Flight and enjoy the long waiting time .
Cebu Pacific ’s legendary flight delay promos —
Flight 5J 965 , Manila to Davao , delayed once , delayed twice , and delayed thrice .
Flight 5J 972 , Davao to Manila , delayed for 3 hours .
Now , i need not to elaborate more on their flight delay promos because you have to experience it yourself to fully appreciate it .
What I want to share with you here is my unforgettable adventure with their bonus surprise feature on the Arrival Department .
4:50 PM Manila time , 5J972 was scheduled to depart but for some reason it was moved to 7:40 PM .
For two straight hours all of us clueless passengers waited earnestly for the ‘ go ’ signal for boarding while the staffs and crews kept their mouth shut .
At 7:00 PM , it was finally announced that the flight schedule was moved to 7:40 PM .
We wonder why it took so long to make the announcement .
For those who did n’t bother to take a bathroom break in fear of being left behind finally got up but only a few seconds late after soiling themselves .
Around 10:00 PM , flight 5J 972 arrived safely in Manila .
Cebu Pacific is Always on Time eh ?
Yeah right !
Upon arrival , I went to the baggage claiming area .
I stood there for 10 minutes but was unable to spot my baggage .
I waited for another 20 minutes but still my beloved baggage was nowhere to find .
Heck , I persisted and another 30 minutes went by without any signs or traces of my baggage .
After another hour , all baggages were claimed .
The baggage area was clear and empty .
My baggage , together with 9 other passengers ’ , were a no - show .
Magic ?
No! Scientific Explanation ?
The baggage was simply lost or delivered to the wrong air craft due to the negligence of the employees assigned in Cebu Pacific ’s departure area .
Or maybe , the security guard in the check - out booth did n’t check the bags that were coming out from inside the Airport ( by banchek ) .
The tags were not monitored .
The security was not that tight compared to the departure area of Cebu Pacific .
Now , some of my valuables were gone because I trusted the cheapest and most unsecured airline company .
I know this sucks .
Some of you might think I got what I paid for .
I took the risk of choosing Cebu Pacific as my Airline choice .
The other 9 passengers were also helplessly mad at Cebu Pacific ’s security management .
Oh but one of the passengers was lucky enough to receive a call from an anonymous passenger claiming that he brought home a bag that is n’t his .
He then called Cebu Pacific and was directed to him .
So just how secure is Cebu Pacific ’s arrival department ?
It is almost below 0 .
It ’s security system is poor and pathetic .
Another evidence is the magical disappearance of the security guards during closing hours .
So there is no one left to check the baggages during closing hours eh ?
Thieves can conveniently go in and out from the Airport because nobody checks the baggages anymore !
So what I did next was I reported my missing baggages .
After reporting , they will require you to fill up this stupid form and wait for 7 days .
They gave me these numbers : 853-9872 , 556-4687 , and 09228173470 , so that I can follow up my case , but to no avail .
The numbers they gave me was gibberish .
One of the numbers ca n’t be reached , the other two did n’t answer my calls .
I also contacted the Cebu Pacific ’s Lost Baggage Customer Service E-mail using the contract form in their website , but until now no one answered my e-mails .
I know they will not mind about my case because I ’m just an Economy Class Passenger and I ’m not powerful enough to claim back what I ’ve lost .
I think If I ’m rich enough or VIP enough through the eyes of Cebu Pacific , they will gladly assist me with my dilemma .
But I ’m nothing , I ’m just a lowly jobless slacker that blogs to make a living .
So a message to all snatchers and those who plan to steal “ Just head on to Cebu Pacific ’s arrival area and claim as much free stuffs as you want .
You ’ll never whats inside until you open it .
Enjoy your free gifts from Cebu Pacific .
All you have to do is to choose a bag that you want , then remove the label .
Once you removed the label , you can freely claim it as your baggage !
Yep !
So easy eh ?
So if you are planning to grab some stuff that ’s not yours without anyone noticing you , just proceed to Cebu Pacific Arrival Area , NAIA 3 .
You can also get inside even if you ’re not a passenger because security guards outside will not ask you for a ticket or any verification that you are a passenger .
Just tell them that you left something inside .
Wait until the automatic baggage handler turns on .
Once it has turned on , the passengers can then claim their baggages .
The baggages will be put randomly in the baggage handler , then just pick the bag that you want .
Once you have the bag of your choice , you can get it and put it in your push cart .
Once you have it in your push cart , it ’s 100 % yours ! ”
If you want to know about the Cheapest Airline Company in the Philippines , here are some very interesting posts :
1. Cebu Pacific
You ’re So Daing ! by Market Manila
2. Failed Cebu Pacific e-Ticketing by Yugatech
3. Cebu Pacific Sucks and Cebu Pacific Airline is Evil by Pinoy Tux
4. Cebu Pacific : Always on Time or Always Delayed ? by Mailyn Shari
5. Cebu Pacific Sucks by Panic Queen
6. Cebu Pacific Sucks by Epinions
7. Usability Fail ( Cebu Pacific Air ) by Life in Cebu
8. Cebu Pacific Fail by Markku Seguerra
9. Cebu Pacific ’s Very Poor Services by Trip Advisor
10 . Is Cebu Pacific Hoodwinking its Passengers ? by Lattex
11 . My Cebu Pacific Experience by Marhgil Macuha
12 . The Cebu Pacific Experience by Aileen Apolo
13 . Cebu Pacific Sued for Violating Republic Act 7610 Adishree Aishwarya
There were thousands or maybe millions of posts around the web regarding how awesome Cebu Pacific was .
If I link them all up here , it will take me a week .
So if you want to know more about Cebu Pacific , Google can help .
UPDATE !!!
You can also read and leave feedback on this post at The Hill ’s influential Congress blog here or on Huffington Post here .
“ This ai n’t your grandfather ’s or your father ’s marijuana .
This will hurt you .
This will addict you .
This will kill you . ” –
Mark R. Trouville , DEA Miami , speaking to the Associated Press ( June 22 , 2007 )
Government claims that today ’s pot is more potent , and thus more dangerous to health , than ever before must be taken with a grain of salt .
Federal officials have made similarly dire assertions before .
In a 2004 Reuters News Wire story , government officials alleged , “ Pot is no longer the gentle weed of the 1960s and may pose a greater threat than cocaine or even heroin . ”
( Anti -drug officials failed to explain why , if previous decades ’ pot was so “ gentle ” and innocuous , police still arrested you for it . )
In 2007 , Reuters again highlighted the alleged record rise in cannabis potency , proclaiming , “ U.S. marijuana grows stronger than before : report . ”
Quoted in the news story was ex-Drug Czar John Walters , who warned , “ This report underscores that we are no longer talking about the drug of the 1960s and 1970s — this is Pot 2.0 . ”
Predictably , in 2008 the mainstream news media ran with yet another set of ‘ news ’ stories alleging that the pot plant ’s strength had reached all - time highs .
According to a June 12 , 2008 Associated Press story :
“ The latest analysis from the University of Mississippi ’s Potency Monitoring Project tracked the average amount of THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , in samples seized by law enforcement agencies from 1975 through 2007 .
It found that the average amount of THC reached 9.6 percent in 2007 , compared with 8.75 percent the previous year . ”
Or not .
An actual review of the 2008 U - Miss data revealed this nugget of information :
The average THC in domestically grown marijuana — which comprises the bulk of the US market — is less than five percent , a figure that ’s remained unchanged for nearly a decade .
( See : http://www.whitehousedrugpolicy.gov/pdf/FullPotencyReports.pdf, page 12 )
Which brings us to this year .
Naturally , the Feds are once again sounding the alarm , as reported today by CNN : “ Marijuana potency surpasses 10 percent , U.S. says . ”
I suppose , if nothing else , the government ’s annual “ new and improved pot ” claims are good advertising for marijuana dealers .
As for the rest of the public , it ’s time for a reality check .
First , it ’s worth noting that police and lawmakers made these same alarmist claims about the suddenly not - as - dangerous - or - strong - as - we - once - said - it - was pot of the 1960s , ’70s , and 80s .
These allegations were false then and they are still false now .
Second , THC — regardless of potency — is virtually non-toxic to healthy cells or organs , and is incapable of causing a fatal overdose .
Currently , doctors may legally prescribe a FDA - approved pill that contains 100 percent THC , and curiously , nobody at the University of Mississippi or at the Drug Czar ’s office seems to be overly concerned about its potential health effects .
Third , survey data gleaned from cannabis consumers in the Netherlands — where users may legally purchase pot of known quality — indicates that most cannabis consumers prefer less potent pot , just as the majority of those who drink alcohol prefer beer or wine rather than 190 proof Everclear or Bacardi 151 .
When consumers encounter unusually strong varieties of marijuana , they adjust their use accordingly and smoke less .
Finally , if US lawmakers and government researchers were truly concerned about potential risks posed by supposedly stronger marijuana , they would support regulating the drug , so that its potency would be consistent and this information would publicly displayed to the consumer .
( Anyone ever been to a liquor store that sold a brand of booze that did n’t post its alcohol content on the label ?
Did n’t think so . )
So let ’s review , shall we ?
Our federal government ostensibly wants fewer Americans to consume pot .
So they spend billions of dollars outlawing the plant and driving its producers underground where breeders , over time , clandestinely develop stronger and more sophisticated herbal strains than ever existed prior to prohibition .
The Feds then inadvertently give America ’s marijuana growers billions of dollars in free advertising by telling the world that today ’s weed is more potent than anything Allen Ginsberg , Tommy Chong or Jerry Garcia ever smoked in their heyday .
In response , tens of millions of Americans head immediately to their nearest street - corner in search of a dealer ( or college student ) willing to sell them a dimebag of the new , super - potent cannabis they ’ve been hearing about on TV .
The Feds then demand more of your hard - earned tax dollars so they can get more Americans “ off the pot . ”
Then next year we do it all over again : same time , same station .
Any questions ??
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
NO MORE !
The Zero dB project is seeking support from musicians like Bruce Springsteen and Eminem for their campaign against music as torture .
Human rights activists seeking a ban on the use of loud music to exert psychological pressure on detainees in US custody are appealing to Bruce Springsteen and Eminem to join their campaign against music as torture .
The campaign called the Zero dB project , standing for zero decibels , was launched at the end of last year by British legal charity Reprieve , which represents dozens of prisoners held at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
It has already signed up British artists including David Gray , Dizzee Rascal and Massive Attack and is now setting its sights on American musicians , said Chloe Davies , a representative of Reprieve and Zero dB .
At a recent " Music and Torture " conference near New York , Davies described the experience of several former detainees including Binyam Mohamed , an Ethiopian who moved to Britain as a teenager .
He was released from Guantanamo in February after nearly seven years in US and Moroccan custody .
During interrogations in Morocco , Mohamed reported being physically tortured , including having his penis repeatedly cut with a scalpel , yet he said what he found hardest was having loud music blasted at him in the dark for days on end .
" After a while , I felt pretty much dead , I did n't feel I existed at all , " Davies quoted Mohamed as saying .
Another former detainee , Rhuhel Ahmed , thought initially it was a joke when his captors played rapper Eminem 's music , Davies said .
" But after so long , when he started to hallucinate , he said he got why they were doing it , " she said , quoting Ahmed as saying , " The music torture stripped away the last sanctuary you had in your mind . "
Davies said Ahmed , who was released from Guantanamo in 2004 , had been trying to contact Eminem directly to explain what he went through , but " he 's not taking Rhuhel 's calls . "
" The big people like Bruce Springsteen , who we thought would care because he 's quite political , we 're still trying to reach him , " Davies said .
" It 's just so hard to get through the walls of managers . "
Representatives for Eminem and Springsteen did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment .
Davies said Reprieve was also discussing with US lawyers possible legal action that musicians may take against the US government to claim compensation for copyright infringement .
She said musician Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails was among those interested in pursuing legal action .
According to Reprieve , music that has been used ranges from heavy metal such as AC / DC , Aerosmith and Metallica to the theme tune from the children 's show Sesame Street .
Detainees also reported the use of songs with overtly American titles , such as Springsteen 's Born in the USA and Don McLean 's American Pie , or with sexual content , such as Christina Aguilera 's Dirrty .
In one of his first acts after taking office in January , US President Barack Obama said he would close Guantanamo and ordered detainees to be held in conditions that comply with the Geneva Conventions on the humane treatment of prisoners .
Thomas Keenan , director of the Human Rights Project at Bard College , which organised Friday 's conference , said it was still important to push for explicit US government recognition that music can amount to torture , and a ban on its use as such .
He said the US Army Field Manual , which lays out how to treat detainees , does not specifically address the use of music , which has a long history of being used to exert psychological pressure by the US military .
The most famous instance was in 1989 when US forces blasted military dictator Manuel Noriega with loud rock music when he was holed up in the Vatican Embassy in Panama .
Keenan said it was hard to define what amounted to torture , but it was vital to address the issue .
" There 's a tendency to think ' The world has changed , now we 're not doing that any more , it 's a thing of the past , " ' Keenan said .
" That worries me . "
" What 's needed is a debate ... a terrible debate on the benefits of torture , with or without music , " Keenan said .
" We need to repudiate it explicitly . "
Charity Gambling Hurt by Outdated Gaming Laws
Charity gambling , especially bingo , has felt the impact of being restrained by old laws while other gambling enjoys newly devised statutes .
Published on April 12 , 2009 by JulieWong
Online casinos are not the only form of gaming to suffer from hopelessly outdated laws that no longer reflect modern culture and circumstances .
Charity gambling , especially bingo , has felt the impact of being restrained by old laws while other gambling enjoys newly devised statutes .
The Missouri Gaming Commission reports that the number of nonprofit bingo licenses issued in the state have dwindled to about a third of what was requested in 1994 .
Bingo games around the state are finding it next to impossible to operate under laws created when they were the only legal form of gambling .
Charitable organizations are forced by law to offer a minimum jackpot of $ 3600 nightly , regardless of attendance .
The figure was n't so hard to make fit into the budget when bingo was the only game in town ; now , casinos pull most of the gaming crowds away from bingo halls , leaving small crowds unable to generate the money necessary to afford the fixed prize .
Jim Laderoute , head of an American Legion post , told the St. Joseph 's News , " The crowds just kept getting smaller and smaller and we were still having to pay out the same amount .
” That Legion outlet has cancelled its long - running bingo night .
A bill has been introduced to the state legislature by Representative Mike Lair to allow the Gaming Commission to set prize limits as is fitting .
The measure would also expand potential operating hours and days .
Pull - tab electronic gaming would also become available to bingo halls , and a one percent gaming tax would be eliminated .
Likewise , the 1,100 G.M. dealers that got a letter Friday represent 18 percent of G.M. ’s 5,969 outlets , but just 7 percent of last year ’s sales .
Nearly 500 of them sell fewer than 35 new G.M. vehicles a year , Mr. LaNeve said .
“ They ’re dealerships that are in most cases hurting , losing money and in danger of going out of business anyway , ” he said on a conference call with reporters .
“ It ’s a move that people could argue should have been taken years ago but this leadership team had no choice but to do it today , ” he added .
The companies say that cutting dealerships will lead to higher and more profitable sales at the ones that remain , but Mr. LaNeve conceded that sales most likely would be hurt for as long as 18 months .
“ In the short term there is a risk that we would lose some sales , ” he said .
“ What is critical is that we have a healthy , viable dealer network . ”
Unlike Chrysler , which on Thursday released a list of 789 dealers that it was cutting loose , G.M. did not announce publicly the dealers that it did not want .
In addition to the cuts revealed Friday , G.M. expects to shed about 500 dealers that sell only Pontiac , Saturn , Saab or Hummer , which are the brands it intends to sell or close .
The rest will be achieved through attrition and by consolidating multiple franchises .
It said 90 percent of those unaffected by Friday ’s cuts would be offered a chance to be part of a restructured G.M.
But that could change , and the company could force dealers to shut sooner in a bankruptcy proceeding .
INTEGRAL sees variable polarization from GRB041219A
3 April 2009
This is another important piece of evidence contributed by INTEGRAL to the understanding of the mechanisms at work in GRBs .
GRBs are sudden , short ( from ms to several hundred seconds ) , non repeating spurts of high - energy ( from a few ten to several hundred keV ) photons .
Their existence has been known since the late 1960's , but it was only with the launch of Compton Gamma Ray Observatory ( 1991 ) that a systematic study of GRBs began .
Although INTEGRAL has not been optimized for the detection of GRBs , many GRBs have gone off serendipitously inside the field of view of its instruments .
When this happens , INTEGRAL's high sensitivity and unprecedented spatial resolution at these energies make the data it collects very valuable : the closer the GRB is to the centre of the field of view , the richer the temporal and spectral information INTEGRAL can reveal .
On 19 December 2004 , a GRB was detected very close ( ~3deg ) to the centre of the field of view of the IBIS instrument , well within the region of its maximum sensitivity .
Although IBIS is an imaging instrument , the two detectors , PICsIT ( composed of scintillator material ) and ISGRI ( made of semiconductor crystals ) , can also be used as a Compton polarimeter if the brightness of the source being observed is high enough .
GRB041219A , as the event was named , turns out to be the brightest GRB detected by INTEGRAL to date .
Because of this the authors have been able to perform a time - resolved analysis of the polarization of the signal .
This is an important feature of this analysis , because on most occasions the fluxes are not strong enough and the signal must be integrated over the entire duration of the GRB , and if the polarization of the signal changes with time , the modulation of the signal is smeared out , and eventually it falls below the threshold of detectability .
By slicing the data in 10s segments Götz and colleagues were able to show that over a period of a couple of minutes the polarization of the signal went from 20 % to 90 % .
Additionally , they were able to determine that the phase of the polarization changed with time .
This makes it plausible to assume that other GRBs will also be polarized , but that this signature is lost because the signal is too weak to be analyzed as a function of time .
A number of theoretical models exist to explain the emission from GRBs .
Most of them ascribe the gamma rays to the synchrotron emission of relativistic electrons under various environments .
The observation of polarization , and its variability , put strong constraints on the theoretical models because an environment must be envisioned where the large amount of energy available is transferred to the electrons in an efficient and orderly fashion , able to preserve in the polarization signature the structure of the underlying magnetic field .
Although the INTEGRAL result is statistically strong , it is still not strong enough to clearly rule out particular classes of models .
Götz and colleagues argue however that the evidence they present does favour models where the synchrotron emission originates from a relativistic outflow with a magnetic field that is coherent over the visible emission region .
The detection of a modulated polarized signal from a GRB underlines once more the significant contribution INTEGRAL is making to the phenomenological characterization and the theoretical understanding of the sources of gamma rays in the Universe .
Another step in the understanding of the inner engine of gamma-ray bursts has been taken : the quest for a complete understanding continues .
Related Publication :
Götz , D. , Laurent , P. , Lebrun , F. , Daigne , F. , Bosnjak , Z. , " Variable polarization measured in the prompt emission of GRB 041219A using IBIS on board INTEGRAL " , 2009 , to appear in Astrophysical Journal Letters
This just in : Red pandas like candy !
That 's the latest from a group of researchers at Philadelphia 's Monell Chemical Senses Center .
The team gave zoo animals a choice between plain water and water sweetened with either natural or artificial sugars as part of a study on the genetics of taste .
Ferrets , genets , meerkats , mongooses and lions shunned the artificial sugars .
That was unsurprising — previous studies suggest that cats can't taste sweets at all , thanks to a defect in their taste bud genes .
But red pandas shocked everyone by guzzling water sweetened with aspartame .
This makes the red panda ( also called lesser panda , cat bear , or firefox , though it 's actually most closely related to skunks and weasels ) the first known non-primate to appreciate the sugar substitute .
Surprised scientists found no significant difference between the sweet receptors of animals that can and can't taste aspartame .
But they did find that red pandas ' sweet - tasting genes are different from all the other species tested , which might explain its weird fondness for NutraSweet .
The research is in press in the Journal of Heredity .
The team suggests that this kind of research could help make better artificial sugars , making life sweeter for diabetics and dieters .
But clearly the more pressing need is lollipops for baby pandas .
( Warning : potentially dangerous levels of cute ! )
Need more red panda ?
Continue reading this post , or the Red River Zoo in Fargo , North Dakota has a red panda blog .
See Also :
Image 1 : Flickr / digitalART2 Image 2 : Flickr/ Taylor_Dundee
Politicians in Switzerland have suggested to ban the polyethylene plastic bags used in supermarkets for environmental reasons .
I am no expert , but I guess a thin plastic bag cannot be so bad as long as it ’s properly disposed of .
What really grabbed my attention was the statement of one politician , who said that the combustion of these bags releases dioxin .
Of course he was talking about polychlorinated dibenzodioxins ( PCDDs ) such as 2,3,7,8 - tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin ( TCDD ) , which was involved in the Seveso disaster and was a contaminant of Agent Orange that caused many of its severe health effects .
Any chemist can see immediately that there is no way polyethylene will release PCDDs because it contains no chlorine .
Such a statement immediately indicates how little research the politician has done .
I think this is indicative of a way of thinking predominant among a large part of the population here .
Let me put it in a formula : Chemistry = Evil .
It really annoys me when I see how little knowledge there is to support this general damnation of all things related to a scientific branch .
In addition , because chemistry is bad , some people not only refuse to learn about it , but they are even proud of their lack of knowledge !
I ’m sure you have heard sentences like “ You know , I never understood chemistry at school ” , meaning “ chemistry is for nerds and you do n’t really need it in daily life ” .
Consider the same statement about art or literature , and you can see how little chemistry is appreciated .
After all , modern life as we know it would be unthinkable without the advances of the chemical industry in the last century .
But still , because polyethylene is made in a chemical plant , politicians will jump to the conclusion that it must be environmentally disastrous and should be banned .
Despite the distractions of various ill - informed advocates , scientific research into the causes and symptoms of autism continues to turn up fresh information .
One of the more active research areas involves trying to understand how changes in the brain structure and function in those with autism translate into observed deficits .
For instance , autistic people sometimes have difficulty inferring intent from physical action .
So , for instance , if you reach for a cup of coffee , most people , including those with autism , will correctly assume that you are going to take hold of the cup .
However , autistic people may have difficulty determining if you are reaching for the cup to take a drink or to simply move the cup , while the rest of us can usually correctly infer this information .
A study , published in PLoS One , has provided some evidence that makes it likely that this particular deficit is due to a specific brain function that 's not doing its job properly .
First , let 's provide some context .
This study involved showing pictures of people reaching for objects to groups of developmentally normal and autistic children .
The children had to identify the object , the motor action ( e.g. , to grasp ) and the intent of the action .
The photographs also controlled for context — some photos had additional clues from which intent could be inferred , while others did not .
This is not the first study of its kind , but the existing studies provide contradictory results .
Some earlier studies showed that autistic people identify intent as well as normal people , while others showed that there is a deficit .
Coupled with what we know of the physiology of the brain , this is a bit confusing , because we know the structures involved in inferring intent and that this particular part of the brain does n't work very well in autistic people .
How do we infer intent ?
Intent is thought to be primarily derived from what are called mirror neurons .
When you move your arm to pick up a coffee cup , your motor neurons control the arm motion .
As an observer , I have a set of neurons that mirror this action in my brain , firing as if I were also controlling your arm .
These neurons are divided into two sets .
The first is a single neuron that fires in response to the actual motion ; this firing then triggers a secondary train of neurons that derive intent based on our own previous experience .
In autistic people , this first neuron functions normally , but the following chain is highly disrupted .
If that 's the case , the researchers wondered , why were previous study results so mixed ?
Their hypothesis was that , given the failure of the second mirror neuron train , perhaps autistic people relied heavily on other cues that previous studies had not controlled for .
The researchers designed a series of tests that allowed for them to distinguish when intent could be inferred from context and when it could only be inferred through the process that happens downstream of the mirror neurons .
They found that , as predicted by their hypothesis , when intent could be inferred from context , autistic children performed as well as their control partners in identifying it .
However , once that context was removed , autistics were worse at identifying intent .
This study taken by itself does n't show much but , viewed in the context of physiology and previous studies , may provide a good explanation of how autistic people identify intent .
It also strengthens the conclusions derived from studies of mirror neurons .
Less directly , it highlights the flexibility of the brain : identifying intent is a key process in understanding the world around us , and the brain may have a preferred mechanism for doing this , but it is also flexible enough to develop other methods to compensate when the primary one fails .
PLoS One , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0005596
New Nike Commercial Portrays LeBron James As A Cokehead
Total Pro Sports –
As he completes his second series sweep , disposing of the Atlanta Hawks easily , the only question remaining after this one is , how will LeBron James celebrate the victory before round three ?
We hope it wont be the same way as the puppet version of himself .
In a bizarre remake of the chalk throwing pre-game rituals performed by King James , Nike has released footage of their new commercial which shows a puppet LeBron throwing chalk and rambling on about “ post - season ” and “ Kobe Bryant “ .
And his sidekick throughout the entire session is none other than puppet Kobe .
If we did n’t know better , it looks like a little something more is going on .
At the end , puppet James stands among the piles of chalk ( or coke ) , saying he ’s “ just getting started . ”
Judging by how hyper he is I ’d say he ’s well into doing whatever it is he is doing .
This is a rather funny commercial , all coke jokes aside .
But you have to wonder whether the people at Nike actually watched this and thought what most people are now thinking after seeing it .
Guess you just have to read between the ‘ lines ’ here , and hopefully puppet LeBron plans on setting on up for Kobe soon .
He seems like he could use a little boost .
Hat Tip Video – [ WithLeather ]
Share This
There continues to be a concern over the increase in SQL injections and brute force password attacks with WordPress 2.7.1 .
I know of 3 blogs that have been victims of these types of attacks .
There are ways to discourage would be hackers from trying to hack your WordPress installation .
Step 1
Download the WP Security Scan plugin .
This is a valuable tool that scans your WordPress installation for security vulnerabilities and suggests corrective actions .
It checks the following
Scans WordPress installation for file / directory permissions vulnerabilities Recommends corrective actions Scans for general security vulnerabilities
Note :
There are database changes that you have to implement manually .
If you ’re not familiar with database tables , please consult someone who is .
Download WP Security Scan http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/wp-security-scan/
To view the video tutorial on how to change your database table prefix , click here .
Step 2
How to protect files and folders :
This is how you control what happens if a browser enters a folder with no index file .
You have four options :
Default System Setting
No Indexes
Standard Indexing ( text only )
Fancying Indexing ( graphics )
No Indexes – Disable the folder index listing .
It prevents browsers from viewing the contents of this directory .
The browser receives a 403 ( Forbidden ) error .
To change your Index Manager to “ No Indexes ” follow the steps below .
1. Login to your host control panel
2 . In the advance tab ( usually ) find Index Manager
Next select Web Root than click on Go .
Next select the / public_html folder .
Next select “ No Indexing ” than click on Save .
Your files are now hidden within folders that currently do not have an index file .
These security tips will help discourage would be hackers from trying to exploit your WordPress installation .
If you have other tips to share , please leave a comment .
You are driving down the road in your car on a wild , stormy night , when you pass by a bus stop and you see three people waiting for the bus :
An old lady who looks as if she is about to die .
An old friend who once saved your life .
The perfect partner you have been dreaming about .
Which one would you choose to offer a ride to , knowing that there could only be one passenger in your car ?
Think before you continue reading .
This is a moral / ethical dilemma that was once actually used as part of a job application .
You could pick up the old lady , because she is going to die , and thus you should save her first .
Or you could take the old friend because he once saved your life , and this would be the perfect chance to pay him back .
However , you may never be able to find your perfect mate again .
YOU WON'T BELIEVE THIS ....................
The candidate who was hired ( out of 200 applicants ) had no trouble coming up with his answer .
He simply answered :
' I would give the car keys to my old friend and let him take the lady to the hospital .
" I would stay behind and wait for the bus with the partner of my dreams . '
Sometimes , we gain more if we are able to give up our stubborn thought limitations .
Never forget to ' Think Outside of the Box . '
HOWEVER .... ,
The correct answer is
to run the old lady over and put her out of her misery , have sex with the perfect partner on the hood of the car , then drive off with the old friend for a few beers .
God , I just love happy endings !
Greenpeace activists take a sample from a Monsanto test site near Borken in North Rhine - Westphalia : The GM crop MON 810 has been banned in Germany .
The sowing season may be just around the corner , but this year German farmers will not be planting gentically modified crops : German Agriculture Minister Ilse Aigner announced Tuesday she was banning the cultivation of GM corn in Germany .
Germany has banned the cultivation of GM corn , claiming that MON 810 is dangerous for the environment .
But that argument might not stand up in court and Berlin could face fines totalling millions of euros if American multinational Monsanto decides to challenge the prohibition on its seed .
Under the new regulations , the cultivation of MON 810 , a GM corn produced by the American biotech giant Monsanto , will be prohibited in Germany , as will the sale of its seed .
Aigner told reporters Tuesday she had legitimate reasons to believe that MON 810 posed " a danger to the environment , " a position which she said the Environment Ministry also supported .
In taking the step , Aigner is taking advantage of a clause in EU law which allows individual countries to impose such bans .
" Contrary to assertions stating otherwise , my decision is not politically motivated , " Aigner said , referring to reports that she had come under pressure to impose a ban from within her party , the conservative Bavaria - based Christian Social Union .
She stressed that the ban should be understood as an " individual case " and not as a statement of principle regarding future policy relating to genetic engineering .
Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth Germany ( BUND ) both welcomed the ban .
Greenpeace 's genetic engineering expert , Stephanie Töwe , said the decision was long overdue , explaining that numerous scientific studies demonstrated that GM corn was a danger to the environment .
However the ban could prove costly for the German government .
Experts in Aigner 's ministry recently told SPIEGEL that it will be hard to prove conclusively that MON 810 damages the environment , which could enable Monsanto to win a court case opposing the ban and potentially expose the government to € 6 - 7 million ( $ 7.9 - 9.2 million ) in damages .
Monsanto said Tuesday that it would look into the question of whether it would take legal proceedings as quickly as possible .
Andreas Thierfelder , spokesman for Monsanto Germany , said the matter was very urgent as the planting season was just about to start .
Aigner has recently come under pressure from Bavaria to ban GM corn .
Bavaria 's Environment Minister Markus Söder wants to turn Germany into a " GM food - free zone . "
Environmental groups have long called for a ban on GM crops in Germany , arguing that they pose a danger to plants and animals .
However , supporters of genetic engineering argue that a ban could prompt research companies and institutes to pull up stakes and leave Germany .
Wolfgang Herrmann , president of Munich's Technical University , has said that a prohibition risks precipitating " an exodus of researchers . "
The issue has exposed a split between Bavaria 's CSU and its larger sister party , Angela Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union .
Katherina Reiche , deputy chairwoman of the CDU / CSU 's parliamentary group , has complained of the " CSU 's irresponsible , cheap propaganda , " claiming that it could harm German industry .
She argued that anti-GM sentiment was one reason a subsidiary of the German chemical giant Bayer decided to moved its facilities for genetic engineering from Potsdam , near Berlin , to Belgium .
MON 810 was approved for cultivation in Europe by the European Union in 1998 and is currently the only GM crop which can be grown in Germany .
The plant produces a toxin to fight off a certain pest , the voracious larvae of the corn borer moth .
The crop was due to be planted this year on a total area of around 3,600 hectares ( 8,896 acres ) in Germany .
The cultivation of MON 810 is already banned in five other EU member states , namely Austria , Hungary , Greece , France and Luxembourg .
dgs
Without international intervention , Israeli human rights activist Ezra Nawi will most likely be sent to jail .
Nawi is not a typical rights activist .
A member of Ta'ayush Arab - Jewish Partnership he is a Jewish Israeli of Iraqi descent who speaks fluent Arabic .
He is a gay man in his fifties and a plumber by trade .
Perhaps because he himself comes from the margins , he empathises with others who have been marginalised – often violently .
His " crime " was trying to stop a military bulldozer from destroying the homes of Palestinian Bedouins from Um El Hir in the South Hebron region .
These Palestinians have been under Israeli occupation for almost 42 years ; they still live without electricity , running water and other basic services and are continuously harassed by Jewish settlers and the military – two groups that have united to expropriate Palestinian land and that clearly have received the government 's blessing to do so .
As chance would have it , the demolition and the resistance to it were captured on film and broadcast on Israel 's Channel 1 .
The three - minute film ( above ) – a must see – shows Nawi , the man dressed in a green jacket , not only courageously protesting against the demolition but , after the bulldozer destroys the buildings , also telling the border policemen what he thinks of their actions .
Sitting handcuffed in a military vehicle following his arrest , he exclaims : " Yes , I was also a soldier , but I did not demolish houses …
The only thing that will be left here is hatred . "
The film then shows the police laughing at Nawi .
But in dealing with his audacity , they were not content with mere ridicule and decided also to accuse him of assaulting a policeman .
Notwithstanding the very clear evidence ( captured on film ) , an Israeli court recently found Nawi guilty of assault in connection with the incident , which happened in 2007 , and this coming July he will be sent to prison .
Unless , perhaps , there is a public outcry .
Nawi's case is not only about Nawi .
It is also about Israel and Israeli society , if only because one can learn a great deal about a country from the way it treats its human rights and pro-democracy activists .
Most people are not really surprised when they read that human rights activists are routinely arrested , prosecuted , imprisoned and harassed in Syria , Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Morocco and several other Middle Eastern countries .
Indeed , it has become common knowledge that the authoritarian nature of these regimes renders it dangerous for their citizens to actively fight for human rights .
In this sense , Israel is different from most of its neighbours .
Unlike their counterparts in Egypt and Syria , Israeli rights activists , particularly Jewish ones , have been able to criticise the policies of their rights - abusive government without fear of incarceration .
Up until now , the undemocratic tendencies of Israeli society manifested themselves , for the most part , in the state 's relation to its Palestinian citizens , the occupied Palestinian inhabitants and a small group of Jewish conscientious objectors .
People might assume that Nawi's impending imprisonment as well as other alarming developments ( like the recent arrest of New Profile and Target 21 activists , who are suspected of abetting draft - dodgers ) are due to the establishment of an extreme rightwing government in Israel .
If truth be told , however , the rise of the extreme right merely reflects the growing presence of proto - fascist elements in Israeli society , elements that have been gaining ground and legitimacy for many years now .
Nawi's case , for what it symbolises on both an individual and societal level , encapsulates the current reality in Israel .
His friends have launched a campaign , and are asking people to write letters to Israeli embassies around the world .
At this point , only international attention and intervention can make a difference .
Why a post on Cougars you ask ?
( in southern drawl ) Well Whyyyy Not !
Just the word Cougar makes me giggle .
We have discussed age related topics lately and dating so why not mix the two to explore the possibilities .
What is a cougar ?
The short answer : A cougar is an older woman who is primarily attracted to and has sex with significantly younger men .
I have to ask … ” and this is wrong and unacceptable , why ? ” ( giggle )
The long answer :
The most commonly accepted definition of a cougar is a woman 40 years of age or older who exclusively pursues very young men .
“ Define very ” ( insert giggle and cougarish grin here )
The onset of the cougar years is hotly debated .
The ten year age difference seems to be an unspoken but accepted minimum between participants .
Typically , cougars prey upon men almost young enough to be their sons .
Fortysomething cougars would be attracted to men in their 20’s , and fiftysomething cougars would pursue men in their 30’s and so on .
Some cougars are less interested in a relationship than a sexual conquest , perhaps enjoying the fact that they are physically appealing to men who are considered to be in the prime of their virility .
Again I ask … ” and this is wrong and unacceptable , why ? ” and I ’m giggling … What I did n’t know was that a cougar can be married or unmarried .
Although the term ‘ cougar ’ comes from the big game predatory cat of the same name , the cougar connection also may allude to the wearing of animal print clothing by older and more sexually aggressive women .
How many of you just stopped to think if they have been sighted wearing animal print lately ?
I know I just mentally scanned my closet , phew I ’m good .
An early example of the cougar phenomenon was seen in the groundbreaking film The Graduate , in which middle - aged Mrs. Robinson ( Ann Bancroft ) seduces fresh out of college Benjamin Braddock ( Dustin Hoffman ) .
I recently watched ‘ Flirting with Forty ’ starring Heather Locklear and Robert Buckley .
It made me laugh for so many different reasons .
In my opinion we are hearing more about older women with younger men because people in general have become more accepting and desensitized with just about everything in life .
Women are financially independent and are looking for fun with no complications or expectations .
Not to say that dating a younger man does n’t come with complications .
Over the last few year there have been younger men entering my circle and I enjoy what they bring to the friendship .
I think for me it would completely depend on the person .
Age does n’t mean anything if you have a connection and are honest , up front and just let the relationship develop naturally .
Never say never !
Real - life celebrity cougar relationships include Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher ( 15 years ) , Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins ( 12 years ) , and Barbara Hershey and Naveen Andrews ( 21 years ) to name just a few !
Each one of these men look like they have a secret when you really look into their eyes , ahh the eyes , the window to our souls .
And the women look confident , strong and very happy do n’t you think ?
If you have a cougar sighting under no circumstance turn and run away , maintain eye contact , make yourself look much bigger than you are and back away slowly !
They love the chase !
So to conclude I ask myself , could I be a Cougar ?
Never say Never !
Do n’t knock it til ya try it right ?
Flirting with Forty Movie clip ~Looks like a no brain - er to me !
lol
In what is likely to be the final attempt to close the minimum five year gap between the current shuttle retirement date and debuting of Ares / Orion manned flight capability , NASA has presented an expansive shuttle extension study to lawmakers within the past couple of days .
The study outlines the costs , risks , benefits and impacts for adding shuttle flights to expand the manifest to 2012 or 2015 .
Shuttle Extension still a possibility :
Although a number of layoffs have already begun in shuttle related areas , extension remains a possibility , even though the upcoming release of the next NASA budget on Thursday will not include any language that reflects the intent to pursue either of the two extension options .
This is due to the budget submission only being the first step of the process , where the President proposes , and the Congress disposes .
They key decision point will come later in the budget process , which ultimately will decide the forward path for not only the United States ’ dominance in space , but also the fate of large section of the space program ’s workforce .
That key decision will relate to additional funding , as opposed to the status of the Constellation schedule due to numerous assessments beng undertaken .
The “ Final ” Study :
Presented to lawmakers on Friday night , the NASA extension study – titled “ Impacts of Shuttle Extension .
Pursuant to Section 611(e ) of the NASA Authorization Act of 2008 ” – has been late in arriving at the halls of power in Washington , DC , but impresses with its depth of content and objectivity .
Prefaced by an Executive Summary – which mirrors the language of former NASA administrator Mike Griffin , who was firmly against extending the operational life of the shuttle program past 2010 , the study opens by citing safety concerns and impacts to the Constellation Program .
“ It is important to note that Shuttle extension would require several billion dollars in additional funding above what is currently in the FY 2009 budget runout to avoid delaying IOC ( Initial Operational Capability ) of the Ares I / Orion vehicle , ” noted the Executive Summary of the study , which has been acquired by L2 .
“ Otherwise , the gap between the two capabilities would simply be shifted out , not shortened , delaying the development of a unique domestic capability for both ISS crew transport and rescue and exploration missions beyond low - Earth orbit . ”
The opening summary also notes the NASA ’s independent Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel ( ASAP ) recommendation against extension , which the study claims was presented “ recently ” – although this appears to be outdated , as it cites : “ ASAP strongly endorses the NASA position on not extending Shuttle operations beyond successful execution of the December 2008 manifest , completing the ISS . ”
The aforementioned comments appear to match those initially presented in an opening extension study which outlined several options for expanding the manifest .
However , this latest “ Final ” study immediately moves into a more favorable – whilst objective – overview of the possibility of adding flights to reduce the gap .
The two study options :
Two clear options – noted as Case 1 ( to 2012 ) and Case 2 ( to 2015 ) – are presented in the study , the first of which adds three flights to the current manifest , resulting in the retirement of the shuttle in 2012 .
The below content concentrates mainly on the 2012 option .
The Case 1 option would cost $ 4.7 billion in additional funds , which the study warns would have to come via new funding , as opposed to draining Constellation ’s budget .
It also acknowledges recent ‘ get - wells ’ in adding flights , such as the part builds of at least two new External Tanks at the Michoud Assembly Facility ( MAF ) , added to the refurbishment of ET - 122 .
“ Case 1 would add three flights and extend the Space Shuttle through 2012 .
Case 1 would use the existing inventory of External Tank components but would require additional Solid Rocket Booster material and other procurements , ” outlined the study
“ Unless billions of dollars are added to NASA ’s budget , Case 1 would extend the transition time between Space Shuttle retirement and Constellation ’s initial operations because the funding for the extension would need to come from Constellation and the funding reductions would greatly slow Constellation development .
“ Case 1 would require that approximately $ 4.7 billion be added to the NASA budget or redirected to the Shuttle from other NASA programs through FY 2012 .
This estimate includes all costs associated with adding three flights and flying through 2012 , and assumes no significant schedule slips within the Shuttle manifest and no changes to the existing ( 2015 IOC ) Constellation baseline .
“ The cost estimate includes all costs associated with maintaining production , sustaining engineering , and critical workforce skills needed to safely fly out this scenario .
Again , these additional costs are not included in the NASA budget .
The “ assumption ” that Orion ’s IOC date will remain at 2015 is an unknown variable at this time , with the current PMR process currently showing zero confidence in achieving that target .
Several efforts are underway – and / or proposed – to find solutions to funding and disconnect issues related with Constellation ’s schedule , although lawmakers at last week ’s House appropriations panel hearing were informed by NASA managers that assessments are still continuing on the status of the long - term schedule , and that additional funding would not solve the gap – due to long - lead development constraints .
The second option – extending the shuttle program to 2015 , involving a schedule of up to 23 missions ( including STS - 125 , and onwards ) between now and the middle of the next decade – is deemed less favorable , based on the estimated cost of $ 14 billion in additional funding , and the unavoidable impacts on Ares V .
This options works on a three flights per year schedule , with three flights added to the manifest if Orion 2 is delayed .
Interestingly the study also cites the potential of a privately developed crew transportation system – likely created via a COTS - D ( Commercial Orbital Transportation Services ) contract .
“ Bounding Case 2 would maintain a capability to fly three missions per year through 2015 , or a total of 13 beyond 2010 , ” noted the study .
“ This capability , along with international partner transportation capabilities , would be available to support the ISS , either through the baseline planned Orion IOC in 2015 or earlier if a crew transport capability supplied by a private U.S. commercial enterprise were viable before 2015 .
“ Case 2 could only potentially eliminate the interval between Space Shuttle and Constellation operations if about $ 14 billion were added to NASA ’s budget through FY 2015 .
“ Extending Space Shuttle operations to 2015 would introduce serious challenges to the existing schedule for the Constellation Program ’s Ares V lunar capability and might not allow for any “ retooling ” period between the last flight of Shuttle and the first flight of Ares I / Orion .
However , Case 2 would preserve the facilities , workforce , and infrastructure for a heavy lift capability .
“ NASA does not believe Space Shuttle operations can be extended this long without severe budget and operational impacts that would effectively postpone Constellation development indefinitely .
The $ 14 billion cost estimate for Case 2 includes all costs associated with flying through 2015 , and assumes no changes to the existing ( 2015 IOC ) Constellation Program baseline .
“ The cost estimate includes all costs associated with maintaining production , sustaining engineering , and critical workforce skills needed to safely fly out this scenario .
These additional costs are not included in the NASA budget . ”
The NASA study further expanded on the cost estimates for extension later in the presentation , adding that the costings are based on post - 2010 savings on the current shuttle budget – such as via the reduction in the planned flight rate ; and increases in production efficiency – but it does not take into account post - retirement costs .
Extra funding equates to minor Constellation impacts :
NASA admits that the additional funding of $ 4.7 billion – spread over three years – would allow a reduction in the gap by the full two years , with only minor impacts to the Constellation Program , impacts NASA claims could be mitigated .
Again , Case 1 – extending to 2012 , is favored over extending to 2015 , due to the unavoidable conflicts the five year extension would have on the handover of facilities earmarked for Ares V work .
“ NASA assessed the impacts of both extension cases on the ISS and Constellation baseline programs .
If $ 4.7 billion in additional funds were provided , Case 1 had only minor negative impacts on planned Constellation baseline milestones , which NASA believes could be mitigated , ” the study noted .
“ Case 1 benefited ISS by providing three additional missions to the ISS and additional crew rotation , although it did not reduce the need for the purchase of Russian Soyuz vehicles for crew rescue purposes .
“ Case 2 had more significant impacts on planned Constellation milestones independent of additional funding from other parts of NASA .
In particular , flying the Space Shuttle beyond 2012 would delay handover of some facilities critical to the Ares V program including areas of MAF , Pad A at KSC , which Constellation plans to reconfigure for Ares V ; and the A2 test stand at the Stennis Space Center , which Constellation plans to use for J - 2X engine development . ”
Manifest replan – OMDP requirements :
Should the US government approve the additional funding to allow for an extension , the shuttle schedule would be slightly realigned after STS - 128 flies to the ISS this August .
STS - 131 and STS - 132 would also remain in their scheduled timeframe .
“ Both Case 1 and Case 2 would fly the current manifest , as scheduled , through STS - 128 ( 17A ) , currently scheduled to launch August 2009 .
Maintaining the near - term manifest through these flights would stabilize ISS crew rotations on Space Shuttle , ” the study outlined .
“ ISS missions 19A and ULF 4 would fly in the same general time period as shown on the current manifest to support ISS logistics for a six - person crew .
“ Pursuing Case 1 would foreclose the possibility of additional flights beyond 2012 without significant additional cost and technical risk due to the closure of flight hardware production contracts no longer needed to complete hardware already in production .
Case 2 would preserve the capability to fly beyond 2012 to no later than 2015 , if required . ”
As previously noted in extension studies , plans have always rotated around flying two orbiters on the additional flights to 2012 .
For Case 1 , those flights would be tasked to Atlantis and Endeavour , with Discovery retiring after flying the AMS payload to the ISS on proposed – but not officially baselined – STS - 134 mission , at least according to the manifest graphic for a 2012 extension .
“ Case 1 would require no new External Tank production through 2012 .
It would require an extension to the Orbiter Maintenance Down Period ( OMDP ) 5.5 year interval requirement for Atlantis / OV - 104 ; Discovery / OV - 103 and Endeavour / OV - 105 have sufficient margin to fly out the manifest through 2012 .
The Case 1 manifest rephases some flights from the current manifest . ”
The reference to the OMDP requirement – when an orbiter is required to standdown for around a year in order to undergo major overhaul work – is due for Discovery after the proposed STS - 134 mission .
Given she would only be ready to return to flight status after 2011 , her operational lifetime will come to an end after STS - 134 based on Case 1 .
The Program Requirements Control Board ( PRCB ) already extended the orbiter ’s flight duration inbetween OMDPs to a length of eight flights and five and a half years – instead of the previous three years , installing “ mini OMDP ” work to be carried out in the Orbiter Processing Facilities ( OPFs ) during processing flows .
This ultimately allowed for the stay of execution for Atlantis , after she was previously scheduled to be retired in 2008 , at the conclusion of STS - 125 – pre-slip , and another effort on increasing the OMDP interval – likely based on interim priority work inbetween processing flows – would be likely be required for Atlantis and Endeavour .
Challenges with extension :
The study continues by citing the need for a standdown period between the end of shuttle operations and the start of Constellation – though the study fails to specify if the Constellation date refers to Orion ’s IOC date .
“ There will need to be cessation in operations between the Space Shuttle and Constellation .
This operational reconfiguration period is necessary to allow time to prepare for the next phase of space exploration , ” the study noted .
“ Facilities that are needed for both Space Shuttle and Constellation operations need to be modified , key workforce needs to be retrained on Constellation systems ( ideally while their Space Shuttle operations experience is fresh ) , and Constellation production and operations processes need to be exercised .
“ For these reasons , NASA estimates that a minimum of approximately 18 – 24 months of reconfiguration time is needed to enable an orderly transition from Space Shuttle to Constellation operations while minimizing disruptions to the workforce with critical skills .
“ NASA identified issues that presented major and minor obstacles to achieving the proposed Space Shuttle manifest cases , ISS key milestones , and Constellation key milestones .
“ Major issues are those that need considerable program attention or funding to resolve that is outside the span of control for the program .
If not adequately resolved , these issues could prevent NASA from executing its programs as proposed .
Minor issues are those for which mitigation currently exists or that can be resolved with a minimum of additional work or funding . ”
Listed as minor issue , the Orbiter Project – based at the Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) – referenced the “ certification ” of the orbiters for flying through to 2012 .
“ In its 2003 report , the Columbia Accident Investigation Board ( CAIB ) recommended that , if NASA chose to fly Shuttle Orbiters beyond 2010 , the Agency should develop and conduct a vehicle certification at the material , component , subsystem , and system levels to determine if Orbiter hardware was being processed and operated within qualification and certification limitations .
“ The Space Shuttle program performed a review of the vehicle certification and the certification verification assessments during return to flight ( RTF ) to assure the vehicles could fly through 2010 .
“ At the time of this initial review , NASA Shuttle managers decided that a complete vehicle recertification would not be necessary to fly past 2010 ; however , under the Case 1 scenario , NASA would need to reassess the certification packages and material review of the critical components on the Orbiter to ensure there were no time and cycle or material age - related issues or other potential safety considerations .
“ NASA would also ensure that the vehicle continues to operate within the constraints and requirements defined by its current certification .
Required inspections and testing during vehicle processing would provide . ”
The Orbiter Project also referenced the delay to the Orion Docking Hardware in the event of an extension to 2012 , but also noted a potential solution .
“ If the Shuttle Program were extended beyond 2010 , Orbiter - ISS docking hardware , the Androgynous Peripheral Assembly System ( APAS ) , would not be available for handover to the Orion Project in January 2010 .
This would delay the development of the Orion ISS docking system .
“ To address this delay , the Orion Project would likely re-evaluate a previously studied alternate to develop the docking system using a common berthing mechanism instead of the Shuttle APAS interface .
Potential delivery of this docking adapter to ISS by the Shuttle might also be evaluated . ”
On the NASA civil servant workforce , the transition of employees from SSP to Constellation – based on the current scenario of shuttle retirement in 2010 – would be interrupted .
Again , the Orbiter Project believes this issue can be mitigated .
“ The Constellation Program is anticipating that , as Shuttle retires , SSP civil servant workforce will transfer to Constellation to support exploration .
Extending the Shuttle would alter the profile of this workforce transfer .
“ NASA engineering and operations teams currently support both programs , so NASA anticipates that there would continue to be significant synergies between the two programs that would mitigate this risk . ”
Safety Risks and Mitigation :
Often cited by former NASA administrator Mike Griffin as a reason against extending the shuttle manifest , the risk of losing an orbiter during a mission is examined by the study .
“ The latest Space Shuttle probabilistic risk assessment ( PRA ) indicates that the single mission risk for loss of crew and vehicle ( LOCV ) is 1 in 77 ; stated another way , there is a 98.7 percent probability of safely executing each flight .
“ NASA has conducted a number of PRAs for the Space Shuttle since 1987 , and the average risk of LOCV has remained fairly consistent over that time .
This risk is predicted to remain consistent over the remaining life of the program .
The primary drivers for LOCV are , in order of the magnitude of their contribution to the overall risk : micro-meteoroid / orbital debris ( MMOD ) , ascent debris , and Space Shuttle Main Engine ( SSME ) malfunctions .
“ In addition , NASA will continue to evolve its PRA tools to address anomalies encountered during flight operations .
By monitoring anomaly trends across different categories ( for example , by whether an anomaly is due to design issues , age , operations or procedurally - induced effects , or unknown or random phenomena ) , NASA gains both near - term insights into Space Shuttle performance opportunities for potential safety improvements during ongoing operations as well as longer - term benefit in applying experience - based risk models to future programs like Constellation .
“ For Case 1 , flying 12 missions ( current manifest , plus AMS , plus three additional flights ) would result in a higher cumulative risk of catastrophic failure due to more flights , when compared to the current nine mission baseline .
The Shuttle PRA calculates the probability of LOCV during a nominal mission to be between 1 in 45 and 1 in 130 per mission with 90 percent confidence .
This number contains many assumptions . ”
Those assumptions are expanded on in depth later in the study , with the threat of LOVC expanding in the event of extending the program to 2015 , due obviously to the additional flights Case 2 calls for .
However , the PRA numbers also require adjustment on both sides of the spectrum when taking into account the increasing age of the orbiters , but also the numerous safety improvements that have been – and will continue to be – made on the vehicles .
“ NASA ’s safety and mission assurance strategy emphasizes the need for rigorous program and independent safety reviews , as well as continual safety improvements throughout a program ’s life cycle .
Improvements to both processes and hardware are made for each Space Shuttle flight , and NASA will continue to invest in prudent safety enhancements through the last mission .
“ Recently , these have included analyses of composite overwrap pressure vessels ( COPVs ) , thermal protection systems , and structural components from Space Shuttle Columbia .
These analyses provide NASA engineers with insight into the performance of Space Shuttle systems under extreme conditions and performance data on flight systems which are normally inaccessible during regular and major maintenance processing flows .
“ In addition , instrumentation that was recently added to the Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Motors and crew cabin as part of the Constellation Program ’s development activity has provided useful data to help refine existing Space Shuttle engineering models . ”
Also aiding the PRA numbers are additional “ safety investment opportunities ” , which were identified by the Columbia Crew Survival Investigation Report , several of which have already been implemented – including installing improved inertial reels on the crew restraint straps and providing an upgraded crew survival radio with GPS tracking .
“ NASA is evaluating several other enhancements that could be implemented before 2010 , including a GPS personal locator beacon ; improved seatbelts and retention straps ; increased head and neck protection ; and improved supplemental oxygen , ” the study continued .
“ If Shuttle were extended beyond 2010 , several other safety improvements would be assessed for implementation .
These include conformal crew helmets ; battery powered intercoms ; automatic parachute deployment ; and automatic helmet visor closure during depressurization .
“ NASA ’s cost estimates for Space Shuttle extension include approximately $ 20 M per year , starting in FY 2010 , to continually evaluate and implement these and other potential Shuttle safety enhancements .
SSP would also work closely with the Orion Project to identify opportunities to use the Space Shuttle as a testbed to evaluate safety enhancements to Orion seats and crew equipment . ”
Procurements with contractors for extension :
In the event of an extension , procurement offices at Johnson Space Center and Marshall Space Flight Center reviewed the requirements associated with six of the Space Shuttle prime contracts to determine the impact of extending the SSP .
“ All of the contracts reviewed would require a procurement action to extend performance to 2012 and beyond .
To extend the contracts , NASA would have to complete a master buy submission , a Procurement Strategy Meeting ( PSM ) , a complete Request For Proposal and subsequent negotiation , and a contract instrument .
“ Three of the six – the Space Program Operations Contract ( SPOC ) and the SSME ( Space Shuttle Main Engines ) and ET contracts – would not require additional justification for other than full and open competition ( JOFOC ) , while the other three would require new JOFOC authority .
“ Extension of the contracts would require a length of contract Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR ) deviation which needs approval by the HQ Office of Procurement .
Two of the contracts , Reusable Solid Rocket Motor ( RSRM ) and ET , would have a potential for an Undefinitized Contract Action ( UCA ) to assure availability of long - lead materials .
In addition , there are other , small activities which would be accomplished with procurement activity to extend performance .
“ Most of the contracts currently include special provisions for human capital retention which would have to be renegotiated since the current provisions were timed for a program end in 2010 .
The exception to this is the imaging contract with Neptec because this contract does not contain a retention provision . ”
Summary :
The study also produced notes on the evaluations relating to 2015 , with respect to risk , safety , OMDPs , and impacts to Constellation – with the latter proving to be far more serious in relation to both Ares I / Orion and especially Ares V .
However , the more favorable 2012 extension option ( Case 1 ) received additional notes of support , not previously seen in extension study presentations .
However , once again , NASA insists that the additional $ 4.7 billion must be new money , as opposed to being switched from the Constellation Program .
If new funds were forthcoming , NASA claim – and again for the first time – the extension of the shuttle could actually benefit the Constellation Program .
“ Extending SSP could provide ancillary benefits for the ISS and Constellation programs , assuming that the $ 4.7 billion needed to extend SSP are n’t taken from those programs .
The Space Shuttle provides upmass capability to the ISS and the only significant downmass capability from the Station .
This downmass capability could enable the U.S. to expand science and basic research aboard the Station and to support future exploration .
“ Until replacement crew and heavy - lift capabilities are available , the Space Shuttle is also the only vehicle that can , if necessary , carry out some ISS repairs and large component replacements in the event they are necessary , although NASA is pre-positioning spares on the Space Station prior to 2010 retirement to mitigate this need .
“ Because the Space Shuttle can provide ISS crew rotation , extension might also provide the U.S. with greater flexibility in negotiating with Russia for Soyuz purchases ;
however , the U.S. would still require the Russian Soyuz to provide emergency crew return from ISS .
“ The additional Space Shuttle missions could potentially benefit the Constellation Program by providing a limited opportunity to use the Shuttle as a platform for testing the Constellation Program hardware , software , and new operational principles in the combined environments of space .
Another key item is the support for the International Space Station – especially if its operational lifetime is extended to the proposed date of 2020 .
“ The Space Shuttle provides unique capabilities in support of the ISS program .
From an ISS perspective , extending Space Shuttle operations would provide some additional ( but currently unfunded ) opportunities for increased utilization , while at the same time mitigating some of ISS ’ operational risks .
“ The Space Shuttle ’s large carrying capacity ( with a cargo bay measuring 15 x 60 feet and capable of carrying approximately 35,000 pounds to the ISS ) means that it can deliver payloads that no currently available vehicle in either the U.S. or international partner inventory can deliver .
“ Extending the Space Shuttle beyond the current manifest would create more opportunities for flying experiments within the large pressurized Multi-Purpose Logistics Modules ( MPLM ) , or carrying oversized research payloads or additional pressurized and unpressurized elements .
It is important to note , however , that none of this research is currently funded . ”
While the Station will be supplied with hardware via the $ 3.5 billion Commercial Resupply Services ( CRS ) contract , awarded to Orbital and SpaceX , the downmass capability of shuttle is also noted in the study .
Any extension option would still work side - by - side with the CRS partners .
“ The Shuttle is also currently unique in being able to return large , failed orbital replacement units ( ORU ) to Earth for detailed failure analysis .
Overall , ISS hardware continues to perform well on orbit , and NASA is pre-positioning hardware and supplies on the ISS with Space Shuttle before 2010 .
“ If Station operations continue past 2015 and no new capability to return ORUs emerges , additional Shuttle flights beyond 2010 could be used to fly these ORUs and therefore reduce overall operational risk to the ISS program , ” the study adds .
“ Extending Shuttle operations , however , is no substitute for commercial providers of primary cargo and ( eventually ) crew transportation capabilities to the ISS once these capabilities are available . ”
A large amount of work would be required if extension receives the necessary funding , especially in coordinating the eventual transition from shuttle to Constellation .
However , the reference to Constellation acceleration is now a moot point , as the ability to advance the IOC date for Orion is now longer viable .
“ Given the fact that Space Shuttle and Constellation draw upon a largely common pool of workforce skills , production capabilities , operational facilities , and budget resources , efforts to extend either Space Shuttle or accelerate Constellation would likely impact , to some extent , capabilities that are critical to the success of the other ( though some of these impacts can be mitigated through additional coordination ) .
“ Additional analysis would be required to fully identify the mutual dependencies , key decision points , shared resource strategies , and cost impacts of a strategy that incorporated elements of both extension and acceleration . ”
Ultimately , there will be a gap between shuttle retirement and Orion ’s manned debut .
The question remains how long a gap the US government wishes to place on its human space flight capability via the near - term and downstream budget levels .
“ Available budget resources essentially compel a cessation in operations between the Space Shuttle and Constellation , as reflected in current national space exploration policy .
“ From a strategic perspective , U.S. leadership in human space flight space will be demonstrated by both ensuring robust ISS operations after the retirement of the Shuttle and developing a space transportation system capable of supporting exploration activities on the Moon and beyond . ”
L2 members : Documentation – from which most of the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections , now over 4000 gbs in size .
Fathers - to - be appear to be influenced by their partners ' weight gain
The average father - to - be gains a stone ( 6.35 kg ) during his partner 's pregnancy , a poll has suggested .
A fifth of 5,000 men surveyed said they were given larger meals , and 41 % said there were more snacks in the house .
The poll , for marketing company Onepoll , also found 25 % of men ate more food to make their partner feel better about her weight gain .
One fathers ' group said dads had to be aware their unhealthy behaviour could influence their partners .
It 's no wonder blokes are tempted to tuck in
Onepoll spokesman Favourite ' male pregnancy ' snacks include pizza , chocolate , crisps , and more inappropriately , beer .
The average weight gain equated to men putting on around at least two inches around their waist , and a quarter were forced to buy a " paternity " wardrobe .
A fifth of fathers - to - be said they had only realised they had put on weight when their existing clothes stopped fitting .
But 19 % said it was their friends who had felt they needed to make it clear they were fatter than before - via jokes about having a " bun in the oven " .
Forty two per cent of couples spent more time visiting pubs and restaurants for dinner in a bid to make the most of their precious time together before the baby was born .
However , only a third joined their partners on a post - pregnancy diet .
' Women ca n't be blamed ' A spokesman for Onepoll said : '' The average woman puts on about two and a half stone during her pregnancy , and it's not at all uncommon for her to crave more fatty foods and need more regular snacks .
'' In fact , women are encouraged to consume an additional 300 calories a day - through eating healthier snacks - to make sure the nutritional needs of the baby are met .
'' So if the kitchen cupboards are suddenly brimming with snacks and food , it 's no wonder blokes are tempted to tuck in as well . "
But he added : " The only problem seems to be that men are choosing to snack on unhealthier options such as sweets and cakes - and I do n't think women can be blamed for their partner 's drinking more beer ! ''
A spokesman for the Fatherhood Institute said : " Research shows that fathers ' health behaviour during pregnancy is really important , not just for themselves but because of the impact their behaviour has on the mothers ' health behaviour - which can of course affect the baby 's health .
" This is relevant not just in terms of eating but also smoking , drinking and substance abuse .
" It 's vital that health services address dads as well as mums during this vital time , and continue to do so once the baby is born . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On a spring day in 1953 , two baby girls were born at Pioneer Memorial Hospital in eastern Oregon .
They grew up happily , got married , had kids of their own and became grandparents .
Then last summer their lives were turned upside down .
Switched at birth ... Kay Rene Reed Qualls , left , and DeeAnn Angell Shafer .
Credit:AP
Kay Rene Reed Qualls found out that she and DeeAnn Angell Shafer had been switched at birth .
They recently met for the first time and underwent DNA tests after an 86 - year - old woman who knew both their mothers called Mrs Qualls 's brother with her suspicion .
May 17 , 2009 by Jonathan Palardy
What happens when you type git diff ?
As with all interesting questions , the answer is “ it depends … ”
Here ’s one thing you want git to do :
Vimdiff !
Step 1 : add this to your .gitconfig
[ diff ]
external = git_diff_wrapper
[ pager ]
diff =
Step 2 : create a file named git_diff_wrapper , put it somewhere in your $ PATH
#!/bin/sh vimdiff " $ 2 " " $ 5 "
I still have access to the default git diff behavior with the - - no - ext - diff flag .
Here ’s a function I put in my bash configuration files :
function git_diff ( ) {
git diff -- no - ext - diff -w " $ @ " | vim -R –
}
-- no -ext - diff : to prevent using vimdiff
-w : to ignore whitespace
- R : to start vim in read - only mode
– : to make vim act as a pager
When it comes to vimdiff , you can get started with this tutorial .
“ We can not return to business as usual , ” writes Mr Darling in this newspaper .
“ It is in everyone ’s interest to get banks ’ governance right .
It would be wrong to reward people whose excessive risk - taking brought the banks down , causing misery to millions of their customers .
Success should be rewarded .
Failure should not . ”
The Chancellor will announce the detailed terms of reference of the review , and its chairman , tomorrow .
Where Do Stem Cells Come From
Embryonic stem cells -
They are harvested from the inner cell mass of the blastocyst seven to ten days after fertilization .
Fetal stem cells -
These cells are taken from the germline tissues that will make up the gonads of aborted fetuses .
Umbilical cord stem cells - Umbilical cord blood contains stem cells similar to those found in bone marrow .
Placenta derived stem cells -
Up to ten times as many stem cells can be harvested from a placenta as from cord blood .
Adult stem cells -
Many adult tissues contain stem cells that can be isolated .
A stem cell is a cell that has the ability to continuously divide and differentiate ( develop ) into various other kind (s ) of cells and tissues .
Like a blank microchip that can ultimately be programmed to perform any one of a number of specialized tasks , stem cells are undifferentiated , ' blank ' cells that do not yet have a specific physiological function .
When the proper conditions occur in the body or in the laboratory , stem cells begin to develop into specialized tissues and organs .
Stem cells are also self - sustaining , replicating through cell division .
These unique characteristics are why stem cell research holds such great promise for the treatment of life - threatening and debilitating diseases such as Alzheimer 's disease , cancer , Parkinson 's disease , and juvenile diabetes .
Understanding what the genetic and biochemical signs are that trigger stem cell differentiation may allow researchers to one day program new cells to repair damaged tissues and organs , and to better understand disease processes .
Here is a current list of the sources of stem cells :
The goals of stem cell research include curing diseases , cloning , and gene - line engineering .
Cloning is directed towards making duplicate animals or humans .
Gene - line engineering is directed toward permanent change in disease resistance and aesthetic and functional enhancements .
COVID -19 NOTICE
An Important Message To Our Guests
As a result of the current health concerns surrounding COVID - 19 , we are taking extensive precautions to protect the health and safety of our guests and staff .
We have implemented additional sanitisation protocols throughout our property including :
Streamlined check - in and check - out process including sanitising pens and key cards before / after guest use .
Intensive cleaning of high usage areas , fixtures and fittings .
All staff members leading the practice of safe social distancing and good hand hygiene .
Sanitising stations available throughout the hotel .
Reinforcement of Best Western ’s “ We Care Clean ” protection program that promotes strict international standards of cleaning and hygiene throughout our hotel .
Encouraging and monitoring safe social distancing amongst our guests .
Guest and staff safety will always be our top priority and we are committed to maintaining the highest levels of satisfaction throughout this challenging time .
Do you need more information ?
Please phone or email our onsite reception team on :
P : 02 9264 9754
E : reservations@hotelstellar.com
Please Click Here To Book Stylish and Sophisticated Boutique Hotel in Sydney
Conveniently situated in the heart of Sydney , Australia near Hyde Park and Oxford Street , BEST WESTERN PLUS Hotel Stellar is the stylish yet affordable choice for accommodation in your next Sydney visit .
All of CBD ’s major attractions including Darling Harbour , Chinatown , the Sydney Opera House and Harbour Bridge are easily accessible and within walking distance .
For your convenience , the central Museum Underground Railway Station is less than 300 metres away from the hotel ’s doorstep .
This four star rated boutique hotel offers sophisticated decor , kitchenettes and FREE wireless internet access within high ceilings and large window openings that enhance the light and space in all rooms .
As a recipient of numerous International Quality Awards , our guests can rest assured of the highest levels of excellence in quality standards and personalised service , along with our reasonably cheap rates . ”
Enjoy the vibe of Sydney 's best cafes , hotels , restaurants , bars , boutiques , art galleries and entertainment district whilst being amazed at discounts , plus how comfortable and reasonably priced we are !
Boutique Hotel , Cheap , Budget , Discount Accommodation in
Central Station , Hip and Cool Discounted Hotels in
Sydney CBD , Australia
Obama cannily used the stimulus to push through the first part of his plan .
Though it was sold as a " jobs " package to goose the economy , it was also a massive down payment on his energy agenda , since it included $ 38 billion in grants and $ 127 billion in loan guarantees to support " clean " technology .
With all the billions and trillions Washington is allotting to this or that ailing bank or insurance company these days , it 's important to have some perspective on how big a figure $ 38 billion really is when you 're talking about energy .
According to a recent study by the consulting firm Management Information Services , between 1950 and 2006 , the government disbursed about $ 725 billion in federal energy incentives , mostly to oil , coal and gas .
Renewables like wind and solar received only $ 45 billion .
Give or take a few billion , Obama had matched that by Day 29 of his administration .
Of course , spending money is the easy part .
Hereafter , things will get a lot harder .
The energy bill is expected to mandate that a certain percentage of U.S. electricity come from renewable energy sources , which will move things further in the direction Obama is trying to go .
Since " renewable portfolio standards , " as they 're known , are already in place in more than 30 states , it does n't seem like too much of a stretch to expect that a Democratic Congress will pass some form of them .
Whether or not the standards will have a significant effect will depend on how aggressive they are .
Passing a cap - and - trade program , on the other hand , will be a much tougher sell , since putting a price on carbon raises the cost of fossil fuels and threatens jobs in politically powerful oil - and coal - producing states .
What 's more , the nation 's largest industry , electric utilities , relies heavily on coal and is not thrilled at the prospect of having to pay ( and pass along to customers ) what amounts to a tax on carbon emissions .
In recent years , the utilities have paid lobbyists more than $ 20 million annually and are going to set them to the task of thwarting Obama .
To pressure Congress to act , Obama 's EPA recently ruled that carbon dioxide is hazardous and can be regulated under the Clean Air Act .
That will help .
But what makes this such a hard fight for Obama and his congressional allies is that energy issues tend to be regional , rather than inter-party , fights , which mitigates the advantage of having large Democratic majorities .
In fact , the fight two decades ago to pass the Clean Air Act amendments ( which included a cap - and - trade system for the sulfur emissions that cause acid rain ) is a good indicator of where the battle lines will be drawn .
Then , as now , Midwestern Democrats were the main impediments .
The environmentalists eventually prevailed - but it took them a decade .
If Obama can pull off all three components of his plan - and that 's an awfully big " if " - he'll have gone a long way toward radically redirecting U.S. energy policy in a way that could end up being pivotal .
The administration 's hope is that when historians ( or Al Gore XIII ) look back many decades from now , they 'll identify the early Obama years as the point at which the United States changed its energy policy and put the country , and maybe the world , on a better course .
Looking back at the last hundred days , the verdict is " one down , two to go . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
South African men are ' raping women to cure them of being lesbians '
Lesbians living in South Africa are being raped by men who believe it will ' cure ' them of their sexual orientation , a report has revealed .
Women are reporting a rising tide of brutal homophobic attacks and murders and the widespread use of ' corrective ' rape as a form of punishment .
The report , commissioned by international NGO ActionAid , called for South Africa 's criminal justice system to recognise the rapes as hate crimes as police are reportedly failing to take action over the spiralling violence .
Horrific crimes against lesbians in South Africa are reportedly going unrecognised by the state and unpunished by the legal system
The extent of the brutality became clear when Eudy Simelane , former star of South Africa 's national female football squad , became one of the victims last April .
Simelane , one of the first women to live openly as a lesbian and an equality rights campaigner , was gang - raped and beaten before being stabbed to death 25 times in the face , chest and legs .
Eudy Simelane died after being gang - raped , beaten and stabbed 25 times
Triangle , a gay rights organisation , said it deals with up to 10 new cases of ' corrective rape ' every week .
Support groups claim an increasingly macho political environment led to inaction over attacks .
A statement released by South Africa 's national prosecuting authority said : ' While hate crimes – especially of a sexual nature – are rife , it is not something that the South African government has prioritised as a specific project . '
Human rights and equality campaigners are hoping the reaction to Simelane 's death and the trial of the three men accused of her rape and murder will help put an end to the attacks .
Laura Turquet , ActionAid ’s women ’s rights coordinator , said : ' So - called " corrective " rape is yet another grotesque manifestation of violence against women , the most widespread human rights violation in the world today .
' These crimes continue unabated and with impunity , while governments simply turn a blind eye . '
I need a very simple plugin system for one of my projects .
The project is a small WSGI application called mysysadmin that allows you to launch some commands on your system to manage some applications .
It also allows you to view log files in your web browser .
It ’s similar in some ways to WebMin ,
So in my application , every tab is a plugin that manages one application .
I have a plugin for Apache , another one for MySQL , and so one .
Back to my plugin system .
So every plugin that is registered becomes a tab in the WSGI application , as long as it provides all the methods my web application needs to interact with it .
So I want to check that each plugin strictly provides the API needed by the main program .
The first tools that came in mind were :
zope.interface , to be able to provide that each plugin meets the requirements .
setuptools entry points , so it ’s easy for a third party code to implement a plugin .
But I find both projects a bit complex to implement such a simple plugin system .
I could use the standalone Plugins package Phillip provides instead of setuptools , but it still does too much things imho .
That ’s someting I am currently learning by working on packaging matters : one library should not provide too many features .
Extensions : a simple plugin system
So I have started to implement a light - weight plugin system called extensions , which reuses setuptools entry points principles but is more simple to use .
The goal of this project is to provide very simple APIs to handle plugins , and to make it work without introducing a new argument into the setup .py setup method , like setuptools does .
For instance , if you want to define an apache function in your modules module , in your myapp package , you just call the register function :
from extensions import register register ('mysysadmin.modules ' , ' apache ' , ' myapp.modules : apache ' )
That ’s it !
And to use it , the mysysadmin application can use a simple API called get , that iterates over all plugins defined for “ mysysadmin.modules ” :
from extensions import get for plugin in get ( group='mysysadmin.modules ' ) : # do something with the plugin
The magic is done by writing in the .egg - info directory installed for the package that contains each plugin , a PLUGIN file that contains the list of registered elements .
It ’s an idea borrowed from setuptoools entry points .
So get iterates over all .egg - info directories in your path and load the PLUGIN files it finds .
Nothing new here .
That ’s how setuptools does , and that ’s perfect .
If you have any feedback on extensions , let me know !
Strict plugins
The other need is to strictly check that every plugin provides the API needed , e.g. fulfill the requirements .
This is what we could call Design by contract .
You can provide a base class for this , and ask the plugins to inherit from it .
Or you can ask the Plugin to provide a marker to specify it implements a given behavior .
zope. interface can do a nice job for the latter , and let you check that a given object implements an interface .
But I wanted to give a shot to the brand new Python ABCs and make sure anyone can write a plugin in plain Python , without having to rely on any kind of marker system .
ABCs will let you check that a class implements some methods without requiring it to inherit from a specific class , to implement a specific interface or provide a custom marker .
Pure duck typing !
So let ’s define for our application a Plugin class , that gives the signature every plugin will need to provide .
It uses ABCMeta as its meta class , and the abstractmethod for every method that should be implemented by every plugin .
Here ’s an extract :
from abc import ABCMeta , abstractmethod class Plugin ( object ) :
__metaclass__ = ABCMeta
@abstractmethod def get_command_list ( self ) : return [ ] @abstractmethod def run_command ( self , name ) : pass @classmethod def __subclasshook__( cls , klass ) : if cls is Plugin : for method in cls.__abstractmethods__ : if any ( method in base .__dict__ for base in klass .__mro__ ) : continue return NotImplemented return
True return NotImplemented
The __subclasshook__ method is a class method that will be called everytime a class is tested using issubclass ( klass , Plugin ) .
In that case , it will check that every method marked with the abstractmethod decorator is provided by the class .
So basically , the application can discover and use the plugins , with :
from extensions import get for plugin in get ( group='mysysadmin.modules ' ) : klass = plugin.load ( ) if not issubclass ( klass , Plugin ) : logging .
info( ' sorry , not a suitable plugin ' ) continue # do something with the plugin xxx
Abstract Base Classes are one honking great idea — let ’s do more of those !
Workers remove debris at the crash scene of Continental Connection Flight 3407 in Clarence Center , N.Y. , on Feb. 16 .
ANIMATION OF BUFFALO -AREA PLANE CRASH ANIMATION OF BUFFALO -AREA PLANE CRASH TRANSCRIPT OF LAST WORDS ABOARD FLIGHT 3407 TRANSCRIPT OF LAST WORDS ABOARD FLIGHT 3407 A transcript of the cockpit 's voice recorder showed that everything appeared normal on the plane just before it lurched in midair and plummeted to the ground the night of Feb.
12 .
This partial transcript lists the times in hours , minutes and seconds : 10:10:32 p.m. First Officer Rebecca
Shaw :
Oh yeah , oh it 's lots of ice .
10:10:47 Captain Marvin Renslow :
Oh yeah , that 's the most I 've seen , most ice I 've seen on the leading edges in a long time .
In a while , anyway , I should say .
10:10:57 Shaw : Flying in the Northeast , I 've 1,600 hours .
... I had more actual time on my first day of IOE ( initial operating experience ) than I did in the 1,600 hours I had when I came here .
10:11:31 Renslow : But , uh , as a matter of fact I got hired with about 625 hours here .
10:11:37 Shaw : Oh wow ...
10:11:39 Shaw :
That 's not much for , uh , back when you got hired .
10:11:42 Renslow : No but , uh , out of that ... 250 hours was , uh , part 121 turbine , multiengine turbine .
10:11:50 Shaw :
Oh that 's right yeah .
10:11:54 Shaw : No , but all these guys are complaining , they 're saying , you know , how we were supposed to upgrade by now and ...
I 'm thinking , you know what ?
I really would n't mind going through a winter in the Northeast before I have to upgrade to captain .
10:12:05 Shaw : I 've never seen icing conditions .
I 've never deiced .
... I 've never experienced any of that .
I do n't want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls .
You know I 'd 've freaked out .
I 'd have , like , seen this much ice and thought , oh my gosh we were going to crash .
10:13:58 Renslow :
Oh yeah , I 'm so glad .
... I mean , I would 've been ... fine .
I would have survived it .
...
We never had to make decisions that I would n't have been able to make but ... now I 'm more comfortable .
10:16:04 Renslow : Gear down .
... 10:16:06 Buffalo Approach controller : Colgan thirty four zero seven contact tower one two zero point five .
Have a good night .
10:16:11 Shaw :
Over to tower you do the same , 3407 .
10:16:21 Shaw : Gear 's down .
10:16:23 Renslow : Flaps fifteen before landing checklist .
10:16:26 Shaw : Uhhh. 10:16:31 ( sound similar to increase in engine power ) 10:16:34 Renslow : Jesus Christ .
10:16:37
Shaw : I put the flaps up .
10:16:42 Renslow : ( sound of grunt ) ( unintelligible ) - ther bear .
10:16:45 Shaw : Should the gear up ?
10:16:46 Renslow : Gear up oh ( expletive ) .
10:16:51.9 Renslow :
We 're down .
10:16:51.9 ( sound of thump ) 10:16:52.0
Shaw :
We 're ( sound of scream ) Source : National Transportation Safety Board WASHINGTON 
The pilots of a commuter plane that crashed into a Buffalo neighborhood in February chit- chatted with each other and seemed oblivious as the plane slowed to a dangerous speed , according to a transcript of the cockpit recorder released Tuesday .
The final moments reveal for the first time how the pilots on Continental Connection Flight 3407 shared small talk about their careers and icy weather conditions just before the plane gyrated out of control and slammed into the ground , killing 50 people .
" You know , I 'd 've freaked out , " first officer Rebecca Shaw says , less than five minutes before the plane crashed on Feb. 12 . " I 'd have , like , seen this much ice and thought , oh my gosh we were going to crash . "
The transcript shows that Capt. Marvin Renslow , 47 , and Shaw , 24 , were inattentive during a critical phase of the flight as they prepared to land .
Thousands of pages of other documents released by the National Transportation Safety Board suggest they may also have suffered from lack of sleep and inadequate training .
The documents show that icing did not cause the crash .
After chatting , neither pilot realized they had reduced speed .
The plane slowed 57 mph in less than 30 seconds , falling below the required minimum speed of 166 mph in icy weather .
What happened next doomed the flight .
The plane 's " stick shaker " — a device that warns pilots when a plane gets too slow — activated , violently vibrating the control column .
Renslow then pulled the plane into a climb , slowing it even more .
" Jesus Christ , " he said as the plane rolled violently .
The crash in Clarence Center , N.Y . , killed all 49 people aboard the flight and a man in a house — the first fatalities on a mid- or large - sized airline in nearly 2½ years .
The flight was operated by Colgan Air under contract .
Pilots are prohibited from talking about anything unrelated to their flight during critical operations below 10,000 feet .
The rule is " sacrosanct " because so many accidents have involved inattention by pilots , said Michael Barr , an aviation instructor at the University of Southern California .
" That 's superfluous information that they should be talking about when they are having coffee on the ground , " Barr said .
The investigation has uncovered numerous safety issues .
The three - day hearing this week is expected to explore topics ranging from whether the pilots were qualified to the airline 's lack of training on stall warning systems .
According to NTSB documents : • Both pilots may not have gotten adequate rest before the flight .
Shaw had taken an overnight flight from Seattle before reporting to work .
Renslow logged into an airline computer system at 3 a.m. on the morning of the crash .
• Renslow had failed four FAA check flights to determine whether he was qualified to fly .
He also failed an airline check .
He was able to pass each of the checks after retaking the test .
•
Investigators found that pilots had not been trained how to use a safety device that attempted to save the pilots as they went out of control .
Known as a " stick pusher , " it automatically pushes a plane 's nose down to pick up speed when it gets dangerously slow .
When it activated , Renslow overrode it , keeping the nose pointed skyward .
Because of training issues such as this , it would be wrong to simply blame the pilots for the crash , the union for the pilots said .
The pilots were employed by Colgan Air , which operated the flight for Continental .
" I think there was some element of surprise in this because they were never trained for it , " said Capt .
Paul Rice , first vice president of the Air Line Pilots Association .
Colgan issued a statement saying that the pilots had been trained under a federally approved program .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
