By Captain Pyke | January 19 , 2010 - 9:07 pm
Our buddies over at the Scifi Diner Podcast have put together another fantastic episode .
This time Scott & Miles are interviewing renowned Star Trek novelist David Alan Mack .
If you have n't had the chance , be sure to check out the Scifi Diner Podcast .
It 's always full of interesting Scifi related news and reviews plus fantastic interviews from worlds of Trek and Scifi .
David Alan Mack : is the national bestselling author of nearly twenty books , including Wildfire , Harbinger , Reap the Whirlwind , Road of Bones , and the Star Trek Destiny trilogy — Gods of Night , Mere Mortals , and Lost Souls .
His first original novel , the supernatural thriller The Calling , debuted in July 2009 to critical acclaim .
In addition to novels , Mack ’s diverse writing credits span several media , including television ( for episodes of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine ) , film , short fiction , magazines , newspapers , comic books , computer games , radio , and the Internet .
Recently published novels by David Mack include The 4400 : Promises Broken , Star Trek Vanguard : Precipice , and the expanded edition of his Mirror Universe tale The Sorrows of Empire .
Coming in 2010 are More Beautiful Than Death , an adventure inspired by the 2009 feature film Star Trek ; and the SF espionage - thriller Zero Sum Game , the second book of the Star Trek : Typhon Pact miniseries .
Mack has been to shows in every Rush concert tour since 1982 , and he finally met two - thirds of the band in 2007 .
He currently resides in New York City with his wife , Kara . ( source the Scifi Diner Podcast )
Read the show notes here .
Download the episode here .
Customization
From decorative floors to stained glass windows and from altars to baptismal fonts , the Religious Supply Center can restore or design everything you need for your complete church interior or exterior project .
2006-11-18
Posted November 18 , 2006 at 12:00 am
NOTICE : COMIC WILL BE ABOUT A HALF HOUR LATE !
SORRY FOR THE DELAY !
ALMOST FORGOT :
From my trip last weekend :
This is a transcription from a conversation with Matthew ( Age 5 )
Zach : I 'm dead .
Matthew : I 'm raising you from the dead !
Zach :
You can't raise the dead .
That 's heresy
Matthew : HiLAResy !
Also , I 'm doing a double update today to catch up with my comic schedule .
I 'm also updating early this evening because I 'm going out to see a MOVIE .
ENJOY .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Felix Kramer of Calcars thinks 2010 will be the year of the plug - in car .
He ’s got a good case : after years of advocacy and technology development , 2010 is the year that major manufacturers will finally make plug-ins broadly available , and rapidly decreasing battery costs are helping the conversion industry reach new customers and help retrofit the existing fleet at scale .
After years of work and promise , 2010 is the payoff year .
I see a similar trend in solar in California , where years of policy and business development are all coming together to make 2010 an extraordinary year for solar development .
There are four major market drivers :
The California RPS
California ’s renewable portfolio statute requires the state ’s utilities to include 20 % renewables in their portfolio by 2010 , and last year Governor Schwarzenegger issued an Executive Order increasing the requirement to 33 % .
To date , California investor - owned utilities have signed over 7 GW of contracts with solar companies , of which 4.9 GW are at prices below the Market Price Referent ( that ’s the 20 - year levelized cost of energy for a combined cycle gas turbine , a proxy for the fossil fuel alternative ) .
An Excel spreadsheet of the contracts , modified from the one found on the CPUC ’s website , here .
This list will be expanding rapidly ; by all accounts , the 2009 RPS solicitation garnered a tremendous response from solar ( especially photovoltaic ) developers , and as the utilities send contracts to the CPUC for approval , we are likely to see contracts for gigawatts more of mid-sized wholesale PV projects in the coming months .
That ’s what happens when solar gets cheap .
Utility Wholesale Distributed Generation Programs
California ’s investor - owned utilities have all applied for significant investments in utility - owned solar projects , and 2010 is when these programs hit the street ( or rooftop ) .
Southern California Edison ( SCE ) wants to develop 250 MW of primarily rooftop solar projects ; as a condition for approval , the California Public Utilities Commission is requiring SCE to buy an equivalent amount of solar , in 1 - 2 MW increments ( 90 % of which have to be rooftop ) from independent power producers through competitively - bid power purchase agreements .
The details of how the auction mechanism is to work ( including standard terms and conditions of the contract ) were the subject of a workshop process last fall , and are to come before the CPUC for approval on Jan 21 .
Assuming approval , the first auction for PPAs could take place the following month or so .
Details of the proceeding here and here .
Pacific Gas and Electric ( PG&E ) has applied for a similar program : 250 MW of utility - owned generation ( systems sized from 1 - 20 MW ) , and an equivalent amount to be purchased from independent power producers .
For the IPP portion , PG&E ’s initial application proposed to offer standard contracts at PG&E ’s cost of development ( initially estimated to be 29.5 cents / kWh , but would reset based on actual costs ) ; this issue is being litigated before the CPUC , with resolution expected around February .
As the CPUC forced SCE to competitively bid their IPP portion , it would be a good bet to speculate that they will decide on a similar requirement for PG&E , but who knows ?
Combined , these utility programs represent a gigawatt of wholesale distributed generation solar over the next 5 years .
Feed - in Tariff Programs
California has two feed - in tariff programs under development .
The first is a proposed 1 GW market - based feed - in tariff , which would require the state ’s investor - owned utilities to conduct multiple annual solicitations for 1 - 10 MW renewable projects .
It ’s different from a traditional feed - in tariff in that instead of guaranteeing a price , it guarantees a market and lets project developers set their own price .
The proceeding to establish this program is inches from the goal - line–after over a year of work , we we are currently waiting on the Administrative Law Judge to issue a proposed resolution .
We expect the process to be concluded in the next few months ( knock wood ) , and the first auctions to begin before summer .
The pilot program totals 1 GW over 4 years , though once the process gets moving and proves successful , it could easily be expanded .
I believe that this program hits a sweet spot on several levels : 1 ) the 1 - 10 MW size targets projects that do n’t need new transmission , and can thusly come on line quickly , and 2 ) the competitive pricing element , combined with solar ’s dramatically lower costs , will finally bring on massive amounts of solar at politically palatable price - points .
The second is SB 32 , passed by the legislature last year .
SB 32 requires the CPUC to develop a must - take standard - offer price for renewable contracts –essentially based on avoided cost .
More details here , but as rulemaking will take awhile , it is unlikely that this program will be available in 2010 .
Customer - side of the meter
The California Solar Initiative is the program that provides incentives for behind - the - meter generation –the owner of the system uses the production to offset purchases from the utility and reduce electric bills .
Over 135 MW of photovoltaics , both residential and non-residential , were installed in 2009 .
We still have to raise the 2.5 % net metering cap , but if that ’s accomplished , Jigar Shah ( founder of SunEdison ) told me he has a standing bet that the remaining incentives ( all 1303 MW ) will be reserved in 2010 .
Here ’s hoping he ’s right .
Also of note , just about every property owner in California will have access to a PACE financing program by the end of the year .
As financing the high up - front costs of solar and energy efficiency is a long - standing hurdle to greater adoption , these new programs should help drive demand considerably .
All told , we are looking at tremendous amounts of new solar development in the state .
Here ’s to more solar gen in two - thousand and ten …
Enterprise
If you work for a large company or organization and need an enterprise solution , we have team members ready to work with you .
Please reach out to our dedicated Customer Experience team and we will set you up with all you need .
It 's a race against time and Mayor Daley 's bulldozers .
As the city continues to demolish the campus of the former Michael Reese Hospital , preservationists are trying in vain to save the buildings there designed by the famed founder of the so - called Bauhaus School , Walter Gropius .
Late last week , the Illinois Historic Advisory Council voted 10 - 0 to recommend the Gropius buildings for the National Register of Historic Places .
This week , the National Park Service said it will fast - track its consideration of the proposal .
But it may all be for naught .
Preservationists still face long odds , according to Chicago Tribune architecture critic Blair Kamin .
Even with fast - tracking , the lag time for a decision leaves plenty of time for more destruction .
And even then , placement on the national register is symbolic ; it may create political pressure on the mayor , but it does n't stop him in his tracks .
Daley has already torn down four of the eight buildings in question , even though the city lost its bid for the 2016 Olympics ; the Reese site would have housed the Olympic Village .
With no clear plan for the site now , preservationists are apoplectic that the mayor is continuing the demolition .
The state historic advisory council accuses him of committing " cultural vandalism . "
Daley said over the weekend that " We can not save all buildings .
It costs a tremendous amount of money .
How are you going to reuse it ?
Who 's going to pay for it ? "
Somehow there 's always money for the projects the mayor wants to fund , though .
But Daley is n't the only bad guy here , according to ArchitectureChicago Plus blogger Lynn Becker .
Despite its vote last week , Becker says the state advisory council fell down on the job .
" [ I ]s all a bit of a scam , " Becker writes .
" The IHPA had their opportunity to act all the way back in May , months before the demolition , but they did nothing , finding on a convenient technicality that they had no standing in the case .
Now the Friends building is gone .
The Serum Center is gone .
The Laundry building is gone .
The Power Plant is gone , or almost gone .
" And , surprise , surprise !
With half of the buildings ground into dust and the rest halfway into the grave , the IHPA bravely takes a stand . "
You can visit the website of the Gropius in Chicago Coalition for a taste of what we 're losing .
Steve Rhodes is the proprietor of The Beachwood Reporter , a Chicago - centric news and culture review .
[ Haskell ] Announce : adaptive - tuple 0.1.0
Hello , I am pleased to announce the initial release of adaptive - tuple , a library that aims to combine the variable - length convenience of lists with the smaller space requirements of tuples .
Using the AdaptiveTuple class , computations can be constructed in a manner very similar to the ZipList Applicative instance .
The final computation is passed to a reification function with an initial input to generate an output .
adaptive - tuple is similar in conception to adaptive - containers .
Where adaptive - containers uses specialized data types based upon the type of the elements , adaptive - tuple uses specialized containers based upon the number of elements .
Using adaptive - tuple is similar to using a type - sized vector library such as parameterized - data , but with much lower runtime space requirements .
Adaptive tuples are designed to be used when a very large number of small variable - sized containers are needed and using lists degrades performance .
Available on hackage at http://hackage.haskell.org/package/adaptive-tuple.
Comments , patches , and bug reports are welcome .
In addition to Don Stewart , Alfonso Acosta , and others responsible for the type - level and adaptive - containers libraries , this package would not have been possible with Bulat Ziganshin 's excellent Template Haskell tutorials .
Cheers , John
A four centuries - old mosque minaret has collapsed in Morocco , killing at least 41 people and injuring 71 worshippers , hospital officials and witnesses said .
Parliamentarian Dr Abdallah Bouanou confirmed the death toll .
" The number of dead reached at least 38 , " he said .
" I have this death toll from rescuers and doctors and officials at the hospital .
" I counted myself 13 dead .
Their corpses were pulled out of the rubble by rescuers . "
Local civil defence commander Alaoui Ismaili said the rescue operation was slow because of the narrow streets in the old city medina district where the collapsed mosque minaret is located .
" We are using only manpower , not equipment , as we cannot bring heavy equipment through these streets , " he said .
" We are moving with great cautiousness also because the walls of houses and shops adjacent to the mosque are fragile especially after the heavy rains of the past days . "
The state news agency MAP , citing an official provisional toll , said 36 were killed and 71 more injured in the incident .
Khaled Rahmouni , whose home is hear the mosque , says the building collapsed as the imam ( preacher ) was beginning his sermon .
" About 300 worshippers gathered inside the mosque for the Friday afternoon mass prayers , " he said .
" When the imam was about to start his sermon , the minaret went down . "
The Lalla Khenata mosque minaret collapsed in the old Bab el Bardiyine neighbourhood of Meknes , which is about 140 kilometres southwest of Rabat .
Neglected old buildings in the old quarters of Morocco 's cities collapse fairly often , but the fall of a minaret is rare .
- Reuters
The oil row has prompted Argentina to impose new shipping controls After Argentina increased its opposition to planned British oil drilling around the Falkland Islands , the BBC's Rajesh Mirchandani finds the islanders hopeful of a lucrative future .
Low clouds scud through a bright blue sky .
They seem to bounce off rugged green hills that frame the slate grey channel of Port Stanley .
In the water by a deserted jetty a dolphin frolics , while yards away in the governor 's house it 's humans who are merrymaking .
Here in the windswept southern Atlantic , a very British garden party takes place : gin and eccentricity flow freely ; effervescent children play croquet on the lawn ; ladies in large feathery hats mingle .
This could be a summer 's day in Berkshire .
Instead we 're 300 miles from the coast of Argentina , a country many Falkland Islanders regard as a neighbour , but not neighbourly .
Continuing tension
Yet few here are worried about shipping restrictions imposed by Argentina in protest at imminent oil drilling by British companies .
Betty Turner , who works in the Islands ' social services sector , said : " There 's always been a political tension .
I was born and brought up with that and it's just still there - it's in the background .
It 's sad . "
The Argentine government is attempting to tighten the noose - it 's certainly not good neighbourly relations
Lewis Clifton
Byron Marine managing director
Falklands drilling set to start " Oil is oil at the end of the day , " said Phil Kerney , a vehicle technician , " and governments always fight about oil - no matter where it is in the world . "
Argentina claims territorial rights over the Falklands and the seabed around them ; similar claims led to war in 1982 .
Then , hundreds of British and Argentine troops died fighting over the sovereignty of these islands .
Now it 's what may lie off their shores that has sparked another dispute .
Revenue hope Lewis Clifton wo n't tell me how much oil he thinks there may be .
But it 's clear he 's banking on a bonanza .
Mr Clifton is the managing director of Byron Marine , one of several British and Falkland Islands companies involved in the exploration .
He took me to the dock where tonnes of equipment lie stockpiled , destined for the drilling rig which arrived last week and which is now anchored some 100 miles offshore .
Geologists think the South Atlantic could be rich in energy reserves
On the dockside were giant anchors , some made of iron , some yellow plastic .
There were also metal tubes called risers , through which the drill will travel to the seabed and beyond .
In a warehouse were huge bags of cement : drill holes will be plugged with concrete when the work is finished .
It 's expected to last until October .
Mr Clifton says he wo n't bow to what he sees as interference from Argentina .
" The Argentine government ... have attempted an economic blockade for the last six to seven years .
They 're attempting to tighten the noose further .
" That 's not good and it 's certainly not good neighbourly relations either - and they wo n't succeed . "
According to the Falklands ' government , the islands could certainly use the oil revenue .
Development fears " Everybody 's been struggling through the recession , " said Emma Edwards , a member of the Islands ' Legislative Assembly with responsibility for mineral resources .
She told me the islands ' investment portfolio lost a lot of money when stock markets plunged , and there were growing concerns about existing industries .
The UK says it wants to co-operate with Argentina on South Atlantic issues " For the Falklands , it would mean security , " she says of potential oil wealth .
" It would mean we 'd end up with enough money in the reserves not to have to rely solely on the fishing and the tourism and the farming that we currently do rely on . "
Back at the Governor 's garden party , a lone piper plays as children dance around him .
In the distance the sea shimmers in a perfect blue sky made startlingly bright by lack of pollution .
A yacht sails lazily past .
Some here worry if oil starts to flow , people and industry will soon follow , destroying this unique way of life .
But in the face of Argentine pressure , they remain stoical and undeterred .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Obama has had a rough few weeks .
His proposed health care overhaul is in trouble and voters are saying he's not doing enough to improve the economy , according to a new poll conducted by Republican researcher Glen Bolger and Democrat Stan Greenberg .
The one bright spot for Obama is his proposed " TARP tax . "
Bolger 's and Greenberg's ...
David and I scanned through Fox News last night and surprisingly , Glenn Beck , Bill O'Reilly , Sean Hannity and Greta Van Susteren did n't mention the very controversial and pro-corporatist Citizens Untied ruling by the Supreme court .
Not a word .
It reminds me of how they pretty much ignored the Haiti earthquake .
Bret Baier 's " All Star Panel " discussed it with Charles Krauthammer and Fred Barnes loving it , while Mara Liaisson admitted that the ruling would benefit Republicans in 2010 and 2012 because corporations have much more money than the labor unions .
Shepard Smith had a short report on it that just recapped the decision and added a few sound bites from Chuck Schumer and Mitch McConnell .
But it 's really clear that while the big opinionators loved the ruling off air -- because now corporations are being viewed as individuals who have the freedom to pour tons of money into the political system , a fact that will heavily favor conservatives -- they must understand that Americans will not love this ruling , because it gives Big Corp an even more unfair advantage in our election process .
Americans are fed up with the influence these money - changers and powermongers have on the process .
How can they defend this ruling when they have been promoting a phony right - wing populism ?
If the teabaggers are truly as opposed to corporate power as they claim , they logically would hate this ruling .
Or will their producerism overwhelm them ?
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The Obama administration might think Climategate is a nonevent , but on Monday , Pennsylvania State University announced it was launching an investigation into the academic conduct of Michael Mann , director of the school ’s Earth System Science Center .
Yesterday , it was announced that Phil Jones , director of the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , would step aside while his university conducts an investigation .
With so much fraud being exposed in the academic community that studies and promotes global - warming theories , an example has to be made of someone .
There are dozens of researchers at other institutions involved in this scandal surrounding leaked e-mails that discuss covering up evidence of global cooling and destroying research that discounts global warming .
For example , in the United States , the National Center for Atmospheric Research is in the thick of the e-mail chain .
Mr. Mann is front and center in the debate over what constitutes unethical research .
In the current controversy , he is named in about 270 of the more than 1,000 leaked e-mails , many of which detail disturbing and improper academic behavior .
On Monday , he told the Penn State student newspaper that the controversy over the leaked e-mails was simply part of a systematic smear campaign to prevent climate researchers from doing their work and that the leaks were timed to derail next week ’s climate summit .
The evidence suggests that his troubles were not created by a smear campaign but are the result of his own shenanigans .
In an e-mail titled “ IPCC & FOI ” ( referring to the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the Freedom of Information Act ) , Mr. Jones wrote to Mr. Mann , asking : “ Mike : Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith [ Briffa ] re [ the IPCC ’s Fourth Assessment Report ] ?
Keith will do likewise . …
Can you also email Gene [ Wahl ] and get him to do the same ?
I do n’t have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar [ Amman ] to do likewise . ”
Although Mr. Mann acknowledges that he received this message , he claims that neither he nor anyone else actually deleted any e-mails to hide information from a Freedom of Information request on how the United Nation ’s IPCC report was written .
His e-mail response at the time , however , is quite damning because the language makes it seem that he went along with Mr. Jones ’ proposed initiative to destroy evidence .
Far from criticizing the request , Mr. Mann wrote back : “ I ’ll contact Gene about this ASAP .
His new email is : generwahl@yahoo.com .
Talk to you later , Mike . ”
This disturbing willingness to participate in skullduggery is consistent with other leaked communications with Mr. Mann , including his now notorious e-mail about how “ to hide the decline [ in temperature ] , ” which demolishes leftist claims that global temperatures are increasing .
Untold millions in federal funds have been granted to American academics and institutions ensnared in Climategate .
Congress and the administration should be investigating the charges of destroyed documents and data as well as the general unwillingness to share data funded by taxpayers .
An academic investigation is a start , but it ’s not enough , considering the role of many institutions in this cover -up .
With so much federal money for academic research involved , trusting universities to get to the bottom of this scandal is akin to leaving a fox in charge of the henhouse .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
POLICE will be able to destroy computers carrying suspected child pornography even where the material is highly encrypted and impossible to access , under a tightening of federal sex offence laws .
But police are also understood to be pressing the government for greater powers against suspects who refuse to reveal passwords .
At present , offenders who refuse to reveal passwords can be jailed for up to six months but are able to avoid potentially longer sentences for incriminating material .
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Tony Negus said yesterday the new laws would give the police the ability to destroy computers - not just files - to ensure that potentially criminal material is not returned to offenders .
'' When we seize computer hard drives we are talking about enormous volumes of data that is stored , '' he said .
Enlarge By Michael Muller , A&E
Not above the law : Steven Seagal has been an unpaid volunteer deputy since the 1980s .
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
Out for Justice , Under Siege and Above the Law .
Now , the action star is the law on A&E channel 's Steven SeagalLawman ( premiering tonight , 10 ET / PT ) .
On the big screen , he has beenand .
Now , the action starthe law on A&E channel 's ( premiering tonight , 10 ET / PT ) .
Seagal has quietly served as an unpaid reserve deputy in Louisiana 's Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office since the mid-'80s , when he befriended the late Sheriff Harry Lee .
But Seagal 's law enforcement career is no longer under the radar .
Seagal , who is juggling a resurgent film career and wrapping up his second blues album ( he plays guitar and sings ) , agreed to have his sheriff 's exploits documented to highlight the plight of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina and support local law enforcement .
" I 'm nervous about the way things may be interpreted ; I do n't want people to think I 'm doing this for attention or to benefit me , " says Seagal , who co-stars with Robert De Niro in the Robert Rodriguez film Machete next year .
" I just hope this gives a shot to New Orleans and the police who need help .
They need a voice for the fine work they 're doing . "
Seagal , 58 , who has a second home in bayou country , is a fully commissioned deputy and spends several months a year in Louisiana .
While on the force , he usually works five - day shifts .
Jefferson Parish Col . John Fortunato , who partners with Seagal on the 13 - episode series , says Lawman captures deputies in a high - crime arena – interrogating suspects , breaking up fights , chasing bad guys and making arrests .
" It just so happens that Steven Seagal is a movie star , but this is not made for TV , where there are second takes or things staged , " Fortunato says .
" He 's out patrolling areas where there 's a considerable amount of crime .
This is for real . "
Longtime fans are familiar with Seagal 's martial - arts exploits , but Lawman demonstrates Seagal 's marksmanship .
In tonight 's episode , while providing shooting tips , he nonchalantly clips the top off a Q - tip and a wooden match from a distance of about 15 feet .
" Usually , I can make the match light , " Seagal says .
" But it was wet out that day . "
Seagal also assists with martial - arts training and community outreach .
But he says he prefers night patrols , riding shotgun in squad cars : " I love getting out on the streets and helping people . "
Suspects and bystanders alike are often surprised to find Seagal along with similarly armed , bulletproof - vested deputies .
" When we 're in the middle of something , jumping people , I 'll ignore that , " Seagal says .
" But the real bad guys do n't give a ( darn ) who you are . "
Still , some observers are starstruck .
" We were at one home prevalent for drug activity , and we 're in the process of arresting people , " Fortunato says .
" Some ( bystanders ) were more interested in autographs than they were in their loved ones getting carted off to jail . "
Seagal 's film career has been indelibly marked by a tough - guy , in - your - face persona .
But real police work , Seagal says , involves more diplomacy that muscle .
" You try to be a friend instead of an enforcer , " he says .
" On my team , I make sure there are good guys who do n't want trouble , but are willing and able to deal with it if they have to . "
A&E programming exec Robert Sharenow says Seagal 's sheriff 's role " screamed out to be documented . "
" When we heard about his police work , it was a no - brainer , " Sharenow says .
" This is the real thing .
He 's patrolling one of the most dangerous areas of the country .
But he is n't out there to kick butt , grandstand or show off .
He 's a peace officer , looking to protect people . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
OTTAWA – Twenty activists from Greenpeace have been arrested after they breached Parliament Hill security and unfurled giant banners blaming politicians for failing to tackle global warming .
At 7:30 a.m. , 19 Greenpeace protesters scaled the roofs of two buildings where federal MPs come to work each day .
Five were quickly arrested when they displayed small banners just east of the Peace Tower , said Jessica Wilson , a Greenpeace spokesperson .
The job of bringing down the remaining 14 , including six dangling from ropes on the roof of the West Block , home to politicians ' offices , took a little longer .
In the end , all 19 plus one organizer on the ground were arrested .
About 90 minutes after they set up , then dropped massive white sheets that read : " Harper / Ignatieff : Climate Inaction Costs Lives , " Ottawa police and Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers arrested a number of spotters perched on the roof .
That left six hanging on the walls beside the banners .
They wore yellow and orange hard hats and blue overalls identifying them as members of the " Climate Rescue Team . "
Fire crews first cut down the banners before starting the laborious task of bringing each activist down with an aerial ladder , one that was just wrapping up shortly after 10:30 a.m. as the protesters were lifted down to the ground to cheers from a number of onlookers .
An RCMP spokesperson , Cpl. Caroline Poulin , spoke to reporters directly in front of where the protest was taking place , but could not offer much detail on how the activists scaled the supposedly secure building .
She said that charges could include mischief and trespassing .
The Ottawa event was designed to put pressure on federal politicians as a global climate change summit opened across the Atlantic Ocean in Copenhagen .
There , 192 countries are attempting to reach agreement on a plan to cut the world 's emissions of greenhouse gases .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper , whose climate policy is designed to allow the continued expansion of energy production in Alberta and Saskatchewan , is a well - established target for environmental protesters .
Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff has been applauded by the environmental movement in Canada in the past for proposing , during the party 's 2006 leadership campaign , to implement a carbon tax .
But since taking leadership of the party one year ago , his intentions have become fuzzier , Wilson said .
" Right now Ignatieff is talking out of both sides of his mouth .
On one hand he 's talking good climate policy , on the other hand he 's full steam ahead in support of tar sands expansion .
The two just do n't mesh .
You can't have a good climate policy and rapid tar sands expansion at the same time . "
But Ignatieff said today that the protesters have it wrong about his party 's position on climate change , which he says is far more ambitious than the Conservative government 's proposals .
" Look , we 've proposed an extremely ambitious cap - and - trade system , based on 1990 targets , with Canada as a leader to make sure our climate does n't go up above two degrees ( Celsius ) .
" We 've proposed a huge set of initiatives in respect of protecting the boreal forest , protecting our water , " Ignatieff told reporters .
" It seems to me we 've got our act together . "
The protesters are right , however , Ignatieff said , to point an accusing finger at the Prime Minister and the Conservative government .
" This is a government that for four years has had three plans , has had three environment ministers , westill do n't know what their targets are , we still do n't know what their proposals are , " Ignatieff said .
" The world is beginning to say , ' where 's Canada ? ' "
Ignatieff said he could not endorse the tactics of the demonstration .
" No one can approve of what they 've done and we will have to ask those who are responsible for parliamentary security to explain . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Greenpeace has achieved a sort of fame over the years for their in - your - face approach to protesting .
Members have displayed their messages from the CN Tower in Toronto , oil sands operations in Alberta and giant bridges across the country .
This was a first for Parliament Hill , though in October a Greenpeace team in London scaled the rooftop of the British Parliament with a similar message .
Thirty protesters camped out on the Palace of Westminster overnight , snacking on energy bars , and waited for British politicians to return from their summer break before starting their show
February 6 , 2010 – Dr. Browntorious
Manu Ginobili is one crafty veteran .
And by using that craftiness he embarrasses his fellow NBA ’ers on the court from time to time .
Latest victim ?
Juwan Howard of the Blazers .
As Ball Do n’t Lie put it in good ol ’ Canadian fashion , Ginobili went ‘ five - hole ’ on Howard for the circus assist .
Damn , I love the NBA :
While most of the investment world focuses on the various “ senior officials ” ( none of whom seem to have actual names or positions ) commenting on whether Greece will or will not be bailed out / receive an emergency loan / offered moral support , etc , a far more significant debt story is emerging in the US .
On Wednesday the US offered $ 16 billion worth of 30 - year Treasuries ( US debt that will mature in 30 years ) .
Before we get into the details of how much of a disaster the auction was we ’re going to do a brief review of how US debt issuances work .
US Debt is issued by the US Treasury .
You can bid as much as 30 days in advance of a debt auction .
When the auction actually takes place investors can buy directly ( Direct Buyers ) by buying Treasuries themselves OR they can buy indirectly ( Indirect Buyers ) by using a Primary Dealer : one of 18 Banks and Securities Brokers who do business directly with the US Federal Reserve Bank of NY and so HAVE to buy Treasuries at auctions to insure liquidity .
Direct buyers buy “ off the radar ” meaning you cannot track who the buyer is .
If an investor buys indirectly , he or she has to notify the Primary Dealer of his / her intentions in advance .
This might sound a bit like showing your hand while playing poker .
And it is .
The only reason to go through a Primary Dealer ( make an Indirect Purchase ) is because you want to buy a sizable load of Treasuries ( remember , Primary Dealers have a special relationship with the Fed and so can insure you get the amount you require ) .
Historically , Foreign Governments ( China , Japan , etc ) have made up the majority of Treasury purchases .
Because of this , the Indirect Buyer purchases are typically thought to represent just how demand Foreign Governments have for US debt .
I realize this sounds complicated so simply think of it this way :
Direct Buyers : folks who buy straight from the Treasury , typically comprising a minor stake in US debt purchases Indirect Buyers : folks who buy LARGE chunks of US debt , typically Foreign Governments Primary Dealers : banks that HAVE to buy US debt to insure an auction does n’t fail .
You do n’t want to see a lot of Primary Dealer purchases as this means that those who can CHOOSE to buy US debt DON ’T want to .
On Wednesday , February 10 2010 , the US Treasury issued $ 16 billion in 30 - year Treasuries .
Here are the buyer data points :
First of all , we see Direct Buyers hit a RECORD percentage of purchases .
This is extremely bizarre and somewhat disconcerting given that we have no way of know who these buyers are .
For all we know they could be the Federal Reserve itself or other US - Government entities buying “ off the radar . ”
Indeed , on that note we know that the US Federal Reserve accounted for 11 % of the total purchases .
Folks , you ’re not dealing with a healthy debt auction when the Fed accounts for 10 % of purchases .
However , far , FAR more worrisome is the pathetic Indirect Buyer takedown : 28 % .
Historically this number has been more around 40 % ( Tyler at ZeroHedge notes that the average Indirect purchase of the last four long - term Treasury auctions was 39.9 % ) .
To see such a MASSIVE drop off in Indirect Buyers ( 40 % down to 28 % ) is a MAJOR warning sign that Foreign Governments are no longer willing to buy long - term US debt .
This auction was a very small step away from a failed auction .
To see Primary Dealers buying so much ( remember they HAVE to buy it ) and Indirect Buyers so little , only confirms what I ’ve been saying for months , that the US is entering a Debt Spiral : a situation in which it must issue more and more debt ( while rolling over trillions of old debt ) at the very time that fewer and fewer investors are willing to lend to the US for any lengthy period of time ( more than ten years ) .
Folks , forget Greece , the US has its own debt problems .
And they ’re MAJOR .
The fact that stocks RALLIED on this news tells you how disconnected stocks are from reality .
The Debt Spiral has started and is now accelerating .
It ’s only a matter of time before it becomes a full - fledged Crisis .
And this one will make 2008 look like a cakewalk .
If you ’re not already taking steps to protect yourself now , I strongly urge you to give my Private Wealth Advisory a try .
We ’ve already positioned our portfolio for the coming carnage .
And five of our last six picks have been winners , despite a plunge in the S&P 500 .
Out of all the places you can visit in the world , one of the hardest for being vegetarian must be Japan .
In Japan you will find it hard to find restaurants where you can get vegetarian food , and you will find your options for vegetarian food in supermarkets more limited then they will be in most other countries .
The Japanese vegetarian problem
The problem for vegetarians in Japan is caused largely by the Japanese love of fish .
You will find fish , fish extracts , fish sauce ( dashi ) , or other fish derivatives in all kinds of food .
Most Japanese food will contain some fish , even if it does not look like a fish dish .
Many restaurants serving foreign food will sneak fish into their food as well to make the taste more appealing to the Japanese .
A fishy tale
To illustrate how difficult it can be to avoid fish listen to this .
I went to Tokyo and found a review of a vegetarian restaurant that sounded good on a vegi website .
It was a restaurant serving tofu – a popular choice for vegis !
On getting to the restaurant my friend and I thought we ’d double check what was in the food .
We asked in Japanese and it turned out that they put fish dashi ( fish sauce ) in ALL their tofu dishes :(
That ’s right , even a tofu restaurant which had been recommended by a well know vegetarian website turned out not to be vegetarian .
Ground up beef
There are other difficulties .
The Japanese sometimes put ground up meat into their food .
For example you may find that a tomato pasta dish which looks perfectly innocent actually contains ground up beef inside it .
You wo n’t find it on the menu .
You ’ll only find out if you can talk to the waiting staff in Japanese .
Even bread is n’t safe .
Some wholemeal breads in Japan contain Gelatin !
Muzukashii
Another difficulty is caused by the unwillingness of Japanese restaurants to do custom orders .
In most other countries , if you ask for your food to be prepared without a certain ingredient ( something you have to a lot as a vegetarian ) the restaurant will agree to do it .
And why should n’t they .
If there is a pasta with bacon on the menu it is pretty easy to prepare it without the bacon is n’t it ?
Well not always to the Japanese .
You ’ll find that if you ask for a modification to be made to a dish on the menu , they will think for a moment and then say ‘ muzukashii ’ .
This is the Japanese word for ‘ difficult ’ .
This is their way of saying they ca n’t do it .
I do n’t understand why it is so difficult not to place one of the ingredients onto a dish which has to be prepared from scratch , but if you are in Japan you have to get used to it .
That is not to say that it ca n’t be done .
I ’ve been in many restaurants that were happy – or at least willing to make changes to items on the menu .
You just have to ask them politely and then explain very carefully .
So what can you eat as a vegetarian in Japan ?
Your range of vegetarian options in Japan will depend on where you are in the country , how much research you have done , and whether you can communicate in Japanese .
If you do n’t speak Japanese then you will be safest eating in foreign restaurants .
I found that real Indian restaurants offered the best vegetarian food throughout Japan .
Note that I ’m talking about foreign Indian restaurants such as Nepali Indian restaurants and not the Japanese style Curry restaurants where you are unlikely to find any options .
Indian – the world ’s safest vegetarian food
India is the world ’s most vegetarian friendly country and this becomes obvious when you go to a real Indian restaurant .
You will usually find multiple vegetarian options in an Indian restaurant .
You will also find that the staff in these restaurants that are from India will often speak English .
This is a double bonus for the hungry vegetarian in Japan .
If the chefs are Indian then it is unlikely that any fish sauce or flakes will be put into your food .
Italian – an often safe option
After Indian restaurants the next best option is the Italian restaurant .
You will usually be able to find a margarita pizza , or a tomato pasta in the menu .
Sometimes you might even find a mushroom pasta .
If there is no margarita pizza then you might be able to get them to remove the meat from a bacon or ham pizza .
Something a bit more authentic
Of course if you come to Japan it is nice to try something more authentic than Indian and Italian .
If you want to do this however you ’ll need to speak enough Japanese to explain your dietary requirements , ask what food is suitable , discuss modifications to the items on the menu , and you ’ll need to understand what your waiter is saying !
Or if you have a Japanese friend bring them along .
If you handle the Japanese language then you may be able to get them to make you a vegetarian okonomiyaki ( a sort of savoury pancake ) , or a vegetarian yakisoba ( fried noodles ) .
These dishes are n’t usually vegetarian , pretty much always containing some fish dashi and fish flakes , but some restaurants may be willing to make them vegi for you .
You can ask them to leave out the fish flakes , and put soy sauce in the dish instead of fish dashi – if they have soy sauce , sometimes they do n’t .
Another good option is yudame or zaru udon .
These types of udon are boiled in water and will be served plain .
You ’ll probably get a fish dipping sauce with them , but can just leave it .
You can add soy sauce , tofu , and spring onions to your udon to make them taste good .
The lunch ‘ set ’ menu
‘ Set ’ lunches are very popular in Japan .
Unfortunately if you are vegetarian you wo n’t like them !
At lunch many restaurants do these set menus which offer a very limited set of choices .
If you do manage to find a restaurant that does a vegetarian option , you can bet that it wo n’t be there on the set lunch menu .
And when it comes to set lunches the Japanese are even less willing to make modifications to the food than at dinner time .
Whereas Italian restaurants can be a good choice for dinner , they may well have nothing to offer you at lunch .
The one place that might have a vegetarian option for lunch will be Indian restaurants .
Katakana and Kanji
If you want to stay vegetarian you will find it very useful to learn the Japanese katakana alphabet , and selected food kanji .
Katakana is a phonetic alphabet .
Each ‘ letter ’ makes a sound .
The good thing about katakana is that it is used for imported foreign words – usually English words .
That means if you can read the katakana you may be able to understand the words without having to know any Japanese vocabulary .
If an English menu is n’t available at a foreign food restaurant such as an Italian or Indian you will probably find that much of the menu is written in katakana .
Katakana is n’t difficult to learn and you should be able to learn it in a few weeks if you put your mind to it .
Below is an example menu snippet , mostly written in katakana , with a few kanji thrown in too .
Learning selected food kanji will also help you out , both with understanding menus , and knowing which food in the supermarket or convenience store is vegi safe .
The two main ‘ danger ’ kanji to avoid are the ones for meat 肉 , fish 魚 , and a bug / insect 虫 .
You will find that many types of meat , fish , and seafood words in Japanese contain these kanji .
Here are some examples of non-vegetarian foods .
牛肉 – Beef .
Did you spot the meat kanji ?
豚肉 – Pork .
羊 – Lamb / sheep .
鶏 / とり – Chicken / bird .
Here bird is written in the hiragana phonetic alphabet rather than kanji .
蝦 – Shrimp or prawn .
Look very carefully at the left half of the kanji .
You should be able to spot the kanji for bug / insect ( 虫 ) in there .
海老 – Shrimp or prawn .
The first kanji means ‘ the sea ’ .
Food ordering going wrong in Japan
Here are some examples of what could go wrong when you order your food in Japan .
I include them so you see just how easy it if for Japanese waiting staff to get your vegetarian order wrong .
No meat please – You get given a meal with fish .
Japanese people do not usually see fish as being a type of meat .
No meat or fish please – You get seafood in your dish .
Such as prawns , prawn flavouring , fish sauce , fish flakes .
In Japan seafood is often seen as being different to meat or fish .
Even if you say no fish they might still think that fish sauce or fish flakes are fine .
No meat , fish , or seafood – You get a dish with bacon on it !
Yes I have seen this happen .
How could the Japanese possibly think that bacon is not a type of meat .
My theory is that it is because bacon is written as バーコン which does not contain the meat kanji .
Therefore some Japanese people do n’t think of meat when they think of bacon .
Research your restaurants
If you do n’t do research in advance you will just have to take your chance wherever you are .
If you are lucky you ’ll find Italian or Indian .
If you are in Japan for a long time then this will get boring .
Therefore you should do research into vegetarian restaurants before you go .
Find vegetarian places that sound good , and make sure you know where the restaurant is on the map .
Also make sure you know the opening days and hours , as restaurants in Japan can sometime be closed at unexpected times .
The one place to research your restaurants is on Happy Cow .
There you ’ll find vegetarian restaurants ( or at least restaurants with a few vegi options ) in all Japan ’s big cities .
Many smaller cities will have a few vegi friendly restaurants as well .
If you should happen to be going to Takamatsu on Shikoku Island , then I have a guide to Takamatsu ’s vegetarian restaurants .
You ’ll also find a Japan survival guide on this blog .
If you like this post please consider linking to it using this code : < a href= " https://www.reviewmylife.co.uk/blog/2010/02/09/how-to-be-a-vegetarian-in-japan/ "
> How to be a vegetarian in Japan </a>
Related
Tags : japan , japanese , travel , vegetarian
Son of a BITCHNo racing was involved and no one was hurt
If you have ever flown into New York City , you probably think of John F. Kennedy Airport as a bustling , chaotic place representative of the pace of life in the city it serves .
For a diverse array of insect communities , however , JFK airport may be one of the last places in the metropolitan New York City area where they can call home .
As a new study in the Journal of Insect Conservation shows , the 305 hectares of semi-natural grasslands that cover much of the airport grounds provide habitat for a wide variety of arthropods .
Lisa Kutschbach - Brohl and fellow researchers surveyed insects from 2003 - 2004 using a sweep net collector and vacuum sampler on four different grassland areas of the airport .
Over the two years , they collected a total of 8532 arthropods representing 5 taxonomic classes , 18 orders , and 125 families .
Hemiptera , Orthoptera , and Diptera were the most common families which is consistent with surveys in natural and agricultural areas .
Based on these results the authors write ,
" Our results suggest the JFKIA airfield represents a large , semi-natural grassland area that has the ability to support diverse and dynamic populations of terrestrial arthropods , although the airfield is isolated from other semi-natural grassland habitats by marine and urban environments …
These anthropogenically influenced grassland habitats are unique within this highly urbanized landscape which might serve as a refugium for grassland insects that require these habitats to persist .
Consequently , such areas might have significant value for the conservation of terrestrial arthropods within urban areas . "
Unfortunately , semi-natural grasslands are rare in New York City and most urban and suburban areas .
In these places , turfgrass dominates open areas - whether it be lawns , office parks , or golf courses .
The study results bolster the argument of those calling for more semi-natural areas in cities through habitat restoration in parks , the installation of green roofs , the use of native landscaping , etc .
Beatles at JFK Airport in New York .
The study results also show that we need to better understand the biological value of existing semi-natural areas in cities and manage accordingly .
In the case of JFK airport , the four grassland areas all had distinct vegetation communities , which the authors believe may have helped promote arthropod diversity .
However , some management actions at the airport ( e.g. mowing , applying pesticides ) could have negative consequences for insects .
-- Reviewed by Rob Goldstein
Kutschbach - Brohl , L. , Washburn , B. , Bernhardt , G. , Chipman , R. , & Francoeur , L. ( 2010 ) .
Arthropods of a semi-natural grassland in an urban environment : the John F. Kennedy International Airport , New York Journal of Insect Conservation DOI : 10.1007/s10841-010-9264-8
Windows 7 is shaping up to become the first version of Windows that will see widespread deployment before the customary reassurances of a first service pack .
According to a new survey , more than half of all Microsoft shops have decided to move to Windows 7 - either because they think the new OS is already stable enough for the move or because they 're acting on a pent - up desire to get the features they missed out on by avoiding Windows Vista .
Preliminary results from a survey of 923 Windows users by desktop management specialist Kace Networks show that 42 per cent will move to Windows 7 during 2010 , while 43 per cent wo n't wait until Microsoft delivers SP 1 , which is expected this summer .
Kace polled large and small companies .
Eighty per cent are in the US .
The majority of organizations are already getting hands - on time with Windows 7 , after deploying it to test machines or purchasing new hardware running the OS .
Wynn
White ,
Kace vice president of world - wide marketing , told The Reg that his company had n't seen this level of interest in a new release of Windows during the last decade .
The first SP for a Microsoft operating system generally updates security and solves performance problems or other bugs that came to light during the first few months of the operating system 's life in the field .
In the past , mega analyst Gartner has advised Microsoft 's business customers not to upgrade to new versions of Windows until the first SP is delivered .
" Bypassing SP1 for Windows 7 is a big deal , " White said .
" There is a lot of pent up demand for a new Windows operating system since so many organizations bypassed Vista .
" Most of them are running a nine - year - old operating system that lacks major rudimentary security controls .
They have known for some time they 've needed to upgrade , but there was no way they were going to make that move with Vista .
" Windows 7 has significantly upgraded security , power management , and some performance enhancements , but most importantly it has the confidence of users and administrators who view it as solid and what they 've been waiting for that Vista could n't deliver . "
Early results from Kace 's poll , due to be released next month , also indicate that more businesses would be willing to consider Mac if they were to switch to a non-Windows platform .
Thirty - two per cent said they 'd pick Mac , up from 27 per cent when Kace last conducted the poll .
Based on these numbers , Kace predicted OS X will double its current market share by the end of 2010 .
Mac OS
X has 5.11 per cent of the operating - system market according to Net Applications .
Meanwhile , IDC said last week that Apple scored eight per cent of the market for all PCs shipped in 2009 , up from 7.9 per cent .
Kace cited unhappiness with Windows Vista and growing popularity of Apple products in the home for organizations ' increasing willingness to use Macs at work . ®
The Iraqi official in charge of a commission that blocked more than 300 politicians from running in next month ’s elections is working closely with Iran ’s Quds Force , prompting the top U.S. general in Iraq to voice concerns about Tehran ’s meddling in Iraq ’s fragile democracy .
Gen. Raymond T. Odierno , in a speech , accused Ali Faisal al - Lami , the executive director of the Accountability and Justice Commission along with Ahmad Chalabi , the panel ’s chairman , of being “ clearly influenced by Iran . ”
Gen .
Odierno said both men , according to intelligence reports , were in close contact with Abu - Mahdi al - Muhandis , the top Iraqi adviser to Iran ’s Quds Force commander .
The Quds Force comprises Iran ’s unconventional military units , which have orchestrated anti-U.S. paramilitary and political operations in Iraq .
In July , the Treasury Department issued a notice to designate Mr. al - Muhandis as an insurgent leader , saying he “ facilitated the entry of trucks — containing mortars , Katyusha rockets , [ explosively formed penetrators ] and other explosive devices — from Iran to Iraq that were then delivered to JAM Special Groups in Sadr City , Baghdad . ”
U.S. officials in the past have quietly criticized the decisions of the Accountability and Justice Commission to disqualify a little more than 350 candidates from the election based on suspected ties to Saddam Hussein ’s Ba’ath Party , but Gen .
Odierno ’s remarks represent a rhetorical escalation .
Mr. al - Lami , Gen. Odierno said , “ has been involved in very nefarious activities in Iraq for some time .
It is disappointing that someone like him is put in charge of the de-Ba’athification commission . ”
The Washington Times reported in August that Mr. al - Lami was arrested in 2008 on suspicion that he was a liaison for Mr. Chalabi with an Iranian - backed militia group in Iraq known as the League of the Righteous .
Gen . Odierno said intelligence reports suggested that Mr. al - Lami had planned an attack on U.S. and Iraqi officials in Sadr City .
Mr. al - Lami said he was tortured in a special prison run by foreign contractors and that he was innocent of the charges against him .
“ He was released in August 2009 .
We did not have the prosecutorial evidence in order to bring him in front of a court of law .
All we had was intelligence on this , ” Gen. Odierno said .
Francis Brooke , the Washington adviser to Mr. al - Lami ’s patron , Mr. Chalabi , said Gen. Odierno showed a “ profound lack of understanding of Iraqi politics . ”
Mr. Brooke added , “ Every senior Iraqi politician , particularly the Kurdish and Shi’ite parties , has diplomatic relations with Iran and concerning Ali Faisal al - Lami , Gen .
Odierno acknowledges that he had no evidence to demonstrate this charge .
The Iraqi National Congress and the Iraqi parliament has complete confidence in Ali Faisal al - Lami ’s management of the Accountability and Justice Commission . ”
Marisa Cochrane Sullivan , the research manager at the Washington - based Institute for the Study of War , said Gen .
Odierno ’s remarks were significant .
“ The revelation that Chalabi and al - Lami had several recent meetings with Abu Mahdi al - Muhandis , a close aide of Quds Force commander Qassem Soleimani , is further evidence of what has long been suspected — that Iran is a driving force behind the decision to ban the candidates from the election , ” she said .
Gen. David H. Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , has said Mr. Soleimani told him personally in 2008 that he set Iran ’s foreign policy for Iraq , Lebanon and Gaza .
Also at the event Tuesday , Gen. Odierno said he would re-evaluate the pace of troop reductions in Iraq within 60 days after the March 7 elections in Iraq .
The Army announced that troop levels Tuesday fell below 100,000 for the first time since the 2003 Iraq invasion .
There are now 98,000 troops on the ground in Iraq .
President Obama has ordered all but 50,000 troops to leave Iraq by Aug. 31 , with the remainder pulling out by the end of next year under an Iraqi - American security agreement .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
BitTorrent 's future might look grim to some , as torrent sites increasingly draw the short straw in legal cases brought on by copyright holders .
But even if all torrent sites on the net were shut down tomorrow , the sharing wont stop .
People could simply switch to P2P - powered torrent search engines .
In part due to legal troubles , BitTorrent could , in time , be forced to move away from a centralized approach where torrent files are stored on a central sever , and centralized trackers are used to facilitate communicate between peers .
Last November
The Pirate Bay shut down its own trackers , arguing that they have been made redundant by DHT and PEX .
At the same time , The Pirate Bay team said that they might move away from torrents entirely and switch to offering Magnet links instead .
These are all interesting developments , but to really decentralize BitTorrent one has to take it up a notch .
The way most torrent sites are setup makes them vulnerable to legal action from copyright holders , so the real solution might be to move away from web - based torrent indexes .
A rather primitive way to do this is to share torrents over another file - sharing network , and this is exactly what the Gnutella / BitTorrent client Frostwire has now made possible .
Without any public announcement and stuffed away in the changelog of FrostWire ’s upcoming release we find the following lines :
– New Feature : Gnutella Torrent Search .
FrostWire now can search for . torrent metadata files in the Gnutella network .
– Upgraded feature : Optionally FrostWire will copy all . torrent meta files to a shared torrent folder .
Technically speaking these are just minor adjustments to the file - sharing application , but the implications could trigger a revolution in how torrents are shared in the future .
When FrostWire users start downloading a torrent with FrostWire , the client will keep and share the .torrent file on Gnutella .
The idea is that as time goes by and more users download more torrents , even if torrent websites are shutdown , all the torrents will live on the P2P network forever .
To make it easier to find torrents on Gnutella , FrostWire also added a specialized “ Torrent Search Mode ” .
As more users install this and later versions – and keep downloading more torrents – the richer these search results will be .
Now FrostWire only needs to offer support for trackerless torrents and they will have completely decentralized the BitTorrent operation with just a few simple adjustments .
Although we believe that FrostWire ’s approach is interesting , it will also introduce one major problem .
It is relatively easy to make a P2P - powered torrent index , but keeping it clean and malware - free will prove to be very difficult .
Most people might not even be aware of it , but one of the benefits of most torrent sites is that they remove thousands of torrents linking to spam and fake files every day .
This will be much harder to do in a P2P - based environment , but not entirely impossible .
Over the last five years the Tribler BitTorrent client has been working on a decentralized torrent index that would make BitTorrent sites obsolete .
Unlike simply sharing the torrent files among users , the upcoming release of the Tribler client has built in several spam control and moderation options that allow users to keep the network clean .
In addition , newly created torrents can be shared with peers , instead of uploading it to a central server .
We do n’t know if FrostWire has plans to implement similar moderation options , but they are absolutely required for a fully decentralized BitTorrent environment .
It will be interesting to see if the idea of a P2P powered and searchable BitTorrent index takes off .
For now there are still plenty of good and reliable torrent sites out there , but with continued pressure from the entertainment industry they are not to be taken for granted .
Disclaimer : FrostWire is a TorrentFreak sponsor .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The number of unemployed people per U.S. job openings rose to the highest on record in November , the Labor Department reported .
There were 6.35 unemployed people for every open job in November .
Job openings in the United States fell 6.1 % in November to a seasonally adjusted 2.42 million from 2.57 million in October .
Openings were down 27 % compared with November 2008 .
Hirings rose to 4.18 million in November while job separations rose to 4.34 million , despite a decline in layoffs to a 14 - month low .
The number of people quitting their jobs rose to 1.96 million , the highest since January .
# Get acceleration data from Chronos watch .
# Taken from info posted at : http://e2e.ti.com/support/microcontrollers/msp43016-bit_ultra-low_power_mcus/f/166/t/32714.aspx
#x , y , and z values may not be " in order " .
The first three bytes from the packet
# of data sent from the watch seemed to be different than what was listed
# on the page , though the datatype byte was in the correct place .
So YMMV .
#
# Written by Sean Brewer ( seabre )
#seabre986@gmail.com
#
import serial
import array
def startAccessPoint ( ) :
return array .
array ( ' B ' , [ 0xFF , 0x07 , 0x03 ] ) . tostring ( )
def accDataRequest ( ) :
return array .
array ( ' B ' , [ 0xFF , 0x08 , 0x07 , 0x00 , 0x00 , 0x00 , 0x00 ] ) . tostring ( )
# Open COM port 6 ( check your system info to see which port
#yours is actually on . )
#argments are 5 ( COM6 ) , 115200 ( bit rate ) , and timeout is set so
# the serial read function wo n't loop forever .
ser = serial .
Serial ( 5 , 115200 , timeout = 1 )
# Start access point
ser . write ( startAccessPoint ( ) )
while True :
# Send request for acceleration data
ser . write ( accDataRequest ( ) )
accel = ser. read ( 7 )
if len ( accel ) != 7 or ( ord ( accel [ 0 ] ) == 0 and ord ( accel [ 1 ] ) == 0 and ord ( accel [ 2 ] ) == 0 ) :
continue
print " x : " + str ( ord ( accel [ 2 ] ) ) + " y : " + str ( ord ( accel [ 1 ] ) ) + " z : " + str ( ord ( accel [ 0 ] ) )
print " Datatype : " + str ( ord ( accel [ 3 ] ) )
Mr. Bloomberg owns a helicopter and two jets , both Falcon 900s .
He flies everywhere on private jets , by far the least efficient form of transportation on or above the earth .
He takes his jet to Bermuda many weekends .
He has flown around the globe on it .
He uses it to go to Washington .
He is planning to get to Copenhagen for the climate conference by private jet , too .
The carbon math works out like this : by taking his Falcon 900 to Denmark , Mr. Bloomberg will be responsible for the release of 37 times the carbon dioxide than if he and his entourage flew on a scheduled commercial flight .
The calculations were done at my request by Dimitri Simos , the developer of software used by the airline industry to assess aircraft emission and performance .
Mr. Simos said that a Falcon 900 carrying eight people from Newark to Copenhagen would produce 21.6 tons of carbon dioxide .
By adding eight people to the scheduled Scandinavian Airlines flight , the aircraft , usually an Airbus A330 - 300 , would produce an additional 0.58 tons of carbon dioxide .
Mr. Bloomberg ’s routine trips to Bermuda are even more carbon costly : the private jet produces 130 times more emissions than going commercial .
On those jaunts , Mr. Simos said , the Falcon produces 4.3 tons of carbon dioxide ; putting another two people on an American Airlines Boeing 757-200 that flies to Bermuda would produce only 66 more pounds .
This is not Bloombergian hypocrisy ; it is a paradox , shared by most of humankind .
I ’ve lived within a block or two of a subway station since birth , yet owned a car since I got a driver ’s license .
There is a long list of public figures  from movie stars to politicians to journalists  who preach conservation for everyone else , while living in mega - homes and flying in Gulfstreams .
It is probably not a good idea for the rest of us to look down our noses at people who cannot resist such temptations until we can afford them ourselves .
In the case of Mr. Bloomberg , his addiction to private jets is striking because in so many other parts of his life , he appears fastidious about shared resources .
The lighting and electronic gear in his family foundation building use 20 percent less energy than typical offices ; the foundation recycles rainwater to irrigate a green roof ; even most of the construction and demolition debris were recycled .
As the Android kernel code is now gone from the Linux kernel , as of the 2.6.33 kernel release , I 'm starting to get a lot of questions about what happened , and what to do next with regards to Android .
So here 's my opinion on the whole matter ...
First off , let me say that I love the Android phone platform .
[ Until last week ] [ ^1 ] , I used my developer G1 , that I bought , every day .
It worked wonderfully for me , and as a user , I was more than happy .
I 'm also very happy about Android from a technical perspective .
It 's amazing that Google has taken the Linux kernel , and nothing else from a " traditional " Linux system , and created a portable and robust phone platform .
It 's so different that you can drop in a " real " Linux system image on top of the Android system , and they both work just fine with no changes needed .
Android also solves the problem that the phone manufacturers had been having for many years : a free version of Java , and a unified application layer that programmers can write to that will work on all phone platforms that integrate it .
Because of this , all of the existing " Linux Phone Consortium " groups are doomed and will probably close up silently very soon now , if they have n't already .
What 's wrong ?
So , what happened with the Android kernel code that caused it to be deleted ?
In short , no one cared about the code , so it was removed .
As I 've stated before , code in the staging tree needs to be worked on to be merged to the main kernel tree , or it will be deleted .
But there 's a much bigger problem here .
The Android kernel code is more than just the few weird drivers that were in the drivers / staging / android subdirectory in the kernel .
In order to get a working Android system , you need the new lock type they have created , as well as hooks in the core system for their security model .
In order to write a driver for hardware to work on Android , you need to properly integrate into this new lock , as well as sometimes the bizarre security model .
Oh , and then there 's the totally - different framebuffer driver infrastructure as well .
This means that any drivers written for Android hardware platforms , can not get merged into the main kernel tree because they have dependencies on code that only lives in Google 's kernel tree , causing it to fail to build in the kernel.org tree .
Because of this , Google has now prevented a large chunk of hardware drivers and platform code from ever getting merged into the main kernel tree .
Effectively creating a kernel branch that a number of different vendors are now relying on .
Now branches in the Linux kernel source tree are fine and they happen with every distro release .
But this is much worse .
Because Google does n't have their code merged into the mainline , these companies creating drivers and platform code are locked out from ever contributing it back to the kernel community .
The kernel community has for years been telling these companies to get their code merged , so that they can take advantage of the security fixes , and handle the rapid API churn automatically .
And these companies have listened , as is shown by the larger number of companies contributing to the kernel every release .
But now they are stuck .
Companies with Android - specific platform and drivers can not contribute upstream , which causes these companies a much larger maintenance and development cycle .
What would be needed to get the Android core code merged ?
When the Android code was merged into the staging tree , a number of kernel developers reviewed the code and pointed out places that needed to be cleaned up , and changed , in order for it to be accepted .
A number of these changes will affect the kernel / userspace boundry , so some changes to the Android userspace logic would also need to be changed if these kernel changes are made , preventing anyone except a Google employee from making the changes necessary .
So , what to do ?
I really do n't know .
Google shows no sign of working to get their code upstream anymore .
Some companies are trying to strip the Android - specific interfaces from their codebase and push that upstream , but that causes a much larger engineering effort , and is a pain that just should not be necessary .
Hope
I do hold out hope that Google does come around and works to fix their codebase to get it merged upstream to stop the huge blockage that they have now caused in a large number of embedded Linux hardware companies .
I 've privately offered in the past to help this work get done , and am doing again here publicly .
But I need the help of the Google developers to make it happen , without them , nothing can change .
The good news is that it looks like all of the kernel / userspace api changes will have no affect at all on any Android code higher up the stack ( like applications ) , so all of this work can be done with no problem in the overall system .
As for me , I think I 'll look into getting a Nokia N900 .
It looks much more open , with the code mostly all upstream , and a much more active developer community .
[ ^1 ] : footnote text goes here
posted Thu , 09 Dec 2010 in [ / linux ]
Dieters can't believe everything they read :
The food at many popular chain restaurants and in the freezer section of the supermarket may contain a lot more calories than advertised .
A study of 10 chain restaurants , including Wendy 's and P.F. Chang 's , found that the number of calories in 29 meals or other items was an average of 18 percent higher than listed .
The oil market is well supplied , with inventories at record levels globally , and the market continues " to be a bit soft , " but prices are getting a big boost from the dollar 's fall , Exxon Mobil CEO and Chairman Rex Tillerson told CNBC Friday .
" Inventory levels are at historic highs levels — especially in the U.S. , " Tillerson said .
But " a foreign exchange effect " is keeping prices higher , despite the amount of oil available .
" If you put the price of oil , which is priced in dollars around the world , and if you look at what some of the currency effects are with the weak dollar — in our view that is contributing about $ 20 - 25 a barrel to the price , " he said .
The weakness in the dollar is one of the key reasons for this year 's move higher in commodities , analysts told Reuters .
The greenback 's weakness makes dollar - priced commodities like oil and gold more attractive as a physical hedge for investors , analysts said .
Analysts told CNBC higher oil prices and a weaker dollar could affect the global economy 's fragile recovery .
The World from Berlin ' De Boer 's Resignation Is Catastrophic '
Yvo de Boer , the UN 's climate chief , has announced his resignation .
In the wake of an unsuccessful summit in Copenhagen he plans to leave diplomacy altogether and join a big - business consultancy as a climate expert .
German papers are n't sure what 's worse -- his departure from the UN , or the disappointments of Copenhagen .
NOTE : Video AFTER THE JUMP is NSFW due to thong .
I told you it was a special bonus -- AND I DON'T LIE !
This is a video of Robin Williams on ' Late Night with Jimmy Fallon ' talking about getting " OWNED " by 10 year - olds playing Call of Duty and naming his daughter after Princess Zelda .
Respect ( I loved you in Mrs. Doubtfire ! ) .
And , since it 's Friday ( and I feel kinda bad about the Lara Croft thing ) , I included a video of a girl in a thong crushing a watermelon between her thighs that I found on the same site after watching the Robin Williams video .
The sound alone was enough to give me the chills .
Just like fingernails on a chalkboard , except a woman crushing a melon with her hooha .
Hit it for the watermelon crushing fright - fest .
Robin Williams talks about getting owned in Call of Duty [ noob ]
and
Classy lady crushes a watermelon using her thighs [ noob ]
Thanks to Gerbos , who
Palin put her War Bonnet back on and dragged Bristol into the battle through her Facebook public relations agent , calling the episode a " kick in the gut . "
" People are asking me to comment on yesterday ’s Fox show that felt like another kick in the gut .
Bristol was one who asked what I thought of the show that mocked her baby brother , Trig ( and / or others with special needs ) , in an episode yesterday .
Instead of answering , I asked her what she thought .
Here is her conscientious reply , which is a much more restrained and gracious statement than I want to make about an issue that begs the question , " when is enough , enough ? "
" When you ’re the son or daughter of a public figure , you have to develop thick skin .
My siblings and I all have that , but insults directed at our youngest brother hurt too much for us to remain silent .
People with special needs face challenges that many of us will never confront , and yet they are some of the kindest and most loving people you ’ll ever meet .
Their lives are difficult enough as it is , so why would anyone want to make their lives more difficult by mocking them ?
As a culture , should n’t we be more compassionate to innocent people – especially those who are less fortunate ?
Should n’t we be willing to say that some things just are not funny ?
Are there any limits to what some people will do or say in regards to my little brother or others in the special needs community ?
If the writers of a particularly pathetic cartoon show thought they were being clever in mocking my brother and my family yesterday , they failed .
All they proved is that they ’re heartless jerks .
- Bristol Palin "
Did Palin know that the actor who provided the voice for Chris ' date was Andrea Friedman , a relatively successful performer who happens to have Down Syndrome ?
Friedman has appeared on " Saving Grace , " " Law & Order , " " ER , " and " Life Goes On , " among other television shows .
Palingates.com , a Website devoted to exposing Sarah Palin ( and , yes , engaging in rumor - mongering ) , published an e-mail sent to them by Andrea Friedman 's father , who told the person he sent it to to " circulate it on the Web or in any manner that you choose , " so I am doing my part to spread the word of what Andrea Friedman thinks of Sarah Palin 's attack :
http://palingates.blogspot.com/...
My name is Andrea Fay Friedman .
I was born with Down syndrome .
I played the role of Ellen on the " Extra Large Medium " episode of Family Guy that was broadcast on Valentine 's day .
Although they gave me red hair on the show , I am really a blonde .
I also wore a red wig for my role in " Smudge " but I was a blonde in " Life Goes On " .
I guess former Governor Palin does not have a sense of humor .
I thought the line " I am the daughter of the former governor of Alaska " was very funny .
I think the word is " sarcasm " .
In my family we think laughing is good .
My parents raised me to have a sense of humor and to live a normal life .
My mother did not carry me around under her arm like a loaf of French bread the way former Governor Palin carries her son Trig around looking for sympathy and votes .
Whatever does she mean ?
Friedman sent the letter to the New York Times .
I am not sure whether it will be published , but it deserves to be .
Go Andrea !
She is not the first person to call Palin out on her use of Trig as a prop .
As the daughter of a mentally challenged woman , I find it offensive the way that Sarah Palin presents it as though all people with mental challenges are dolls that we " brainy people " must think for , instead of as many are -- people with drives , independent thoughts , capable of so many things , who just happen to be mentally challenged .
That is more insulting than Rahm 's stupid comment .
I wonder if Palin will next attack Friedman on her Facebook machine .
UPDATE :
Andrea 's e-mail was discussed in the New York Times , who printed an excerpt of an interview she did with ArtsBeat :
http://artsbeat.blogs.nytimes.com/...
Q. When did you find out about the reaction that the episode elicited from Sarah Palin and her family ?
A.[ laughs ]
That I did not even know about until my mom told me , " You ’re on Channel 4 ! "
And when I watched on Channel 4 , on " Extra , " and I saw Sarah Palin with her son Trig .
I ’m like , " I ’m not Trig .
This is my life . "
I was making fun of Sarah Palin , but not her son .
Q.Do you agree with what she and her daughter Bristol were saying , that the character and the jokes were insulting to people with Down syndrome ?
A. It ’s not really an insult .
I was doing my role , I ’m an actor .
I ’m entitled to say something .
It was really funny .
I was laughing at it .
I had a nice time doing voiceover .
It was my first time doing a voiceover , and I had fun .
I think Andrea makes it clear that one person ( or character ) with Down Syndrome does not equal ALL people with Down Syndrome anymore than any actor or character represents all people .
Palin sees Trig as a symbol of Down Syndrome , not a person .
So any thing she sees as critical of Down Syndrome is an attack on Trig personally .
You ’ve heard about the canary in the coal mine .
And frogs as signals of environmental degradation .
The latest animal to serve as a harbinger of toxic exposures to humans may be : monkeys .
That ’s according to research in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
Macaques live in close quarters with people in parts of Nepal .
So scientists thought that the monkeys might be “ sentinels ” for human lead exposure .
Lead can have multiple deleterious health effects , from impairing neurological development to kidney , liver , and circulatory and respiratory problems .
The research team wanted to avoid stressing the animals , so they took a few strands of hair from individuals living around a temple in Katmandu .
It ’s in a densely populated area that contains old lead batteries , flaking lead - based paint , and lead - contaminated soil , a by - product of leaded gas .
Lead levels varied in the macaques , but the highest concentrations were in the young — like human children , young macaques tend to pick up objects and stick them in their mouths .
Scientists say they ’ll next try to nail down whether macaque lead levels are indeed predictive of lead poisoning in humans .
The hope is that monitoring macaque lead can improve conditions for humans and monkeys alike .
— Cynthia Graber
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Show full PR text
FREMONT , Calif - January 7 , 2010 - Spring Design and Borders Group , Inc. ( NYSE : BGP ) today announced an agreement in principle to feature the upcoming Borders eBook store powered by Kobo on the new dual display Alex™ eReader later this year .
The agreement in principle follows a recent announcement that Borders will launch a new eBook store on Borders.com as well as Borders - branded mobile eBook applications , powered by Kobo .
The new Borders - branded eBook store will offer more than two million titles .
" The combination of Borders ' leadership in the book industry and Spring Design 's innovation and experience in consumer electronics will create a world class service for eBook readers , " said Dr. Priscilla Lu , chief executive officer of Spring Design .
" This partnership delivers one of the critical foundations of our business growth going forward , " Lu added .
" Our agreement with Spring Design represents another step in our digital strategy , which continues to focus on offering book lovers - including our more than 35 million Borders Rewards loyalty program members - high quality content on the device of their choosing , " said Borders Group Chief Executive Officer Ron Marshall .
" We look forward to bringing a world class eBook experience to Alex users . "
The Alex eReader will initially be available February 22 , 2010 for $ 359 in the online store at www.springdesign.com.
About Spring Design :
Spring Design Inc. , founded in 2006 , designs and delivers eReader products to the e-book market .
Its Alex is the first eBook with full function browser on Android with dual screen , interactive multi-media eReader .
It offers a hyper link publishing tool , " Link Notes " that links eBook text to related video , audio , notes or web addresses .
Spring Design Inc. is located in Fremont , California with engineering offices in Taiwan and China .
Spring Design 's innovative patented technologies incorporate the seamless interaction of dual display and multi-online access in a single device , benefiting and leveraging the technology and resources of the Web to enhance the reading experience .
For more information please see www.springdesign.com .
About Borders Group :
Headquartered in Ann Arbor , Mich. , Borders Group , Inc. ( NYSE : BGP ) is a leading specialty retailer of books as well as other educational and entertainment items .
The company employs approximately 25,000 throughout the U.S. , primarily in its Borders ( R ) and Waldenbooks ( R ) stores .
Online shopping is offered through borders.com .
Find author interviews and vibrant discussions of the products we and our customers are passionate about online at facebook.com / borders , twitter.com /borders and youtube.com/bordersmedia .
For more information about the company , visit borders.com / media .
About Kobo , Inc. :
Kobo is a global eReading service backed by majority shareholder Indigo Books & Music , Borders Group , REDgroup Retail , and Cheung Kong Holdings .
Kobo believes consumers should be able to read any book on any device .
With a catalog of over two million eBooks , and an open platform , Kobo enables retailers , device manufacturers and mobile operators to bring the joy of eReading to customers everywhere .
For more information , visit www.kobobooks.com.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Staten Island
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I fix computers for under $ 100 .
Completely confidential , i do n't even look at your files .
I just wipe out the hard drive and and reinstall windows .
Your computer will be as good as new .
La emergencia suscitada por la pandemia del Covid - 19 nos dejará aprendizajes valiosos que debemos aquilatar en esta época de farsantes y mesías .
Poco a poco , nos empezamos a dar cuenta de manera empírica que la economía la mueven los individuos y el empeño diario de cada uno de nosotros y que al Estado lo sostienen las empresas e individuos que pagamos impuestos .
Sin nosotros , el Estado y sus clientelas son nada .
El Estado es necesario para garantizar la seguridad , la justicia , la educación y la salud .
Nada más .
Mientras estos cuatro objetivos no estén plenamente satisfechos , cualquier desviación de recursos es un fraude .
Los políticos no sirven para nada , o para casi nada : no producen , no resuelven , dividen y son la encarnación misma de la corrupción .
De los populistas ni se diga : se pudren cuando no tienen dinero que repartir .
Por último , la burocracia es una especie en extinción .
No será inminente pero sí acelerada .
Muchos de los servicios que presta el Estado se podrán realizar de manera más eficiente e instantánea a través de las telecomunicaciones y las tecnologías de la información .
En el ya lejano 1990 y en el marco de las reformas que impulsó el expresidente Salinas de Gortari , el despacho de abogados en el que entonces trabajaba fue contratado por la hoy Secretaría de Economía para crear un registro único de la propiedad y del comercio para todo el país , con criterios uniformes , y utilizando sistemas informáticos que después se pudieran escalar a lo que hoy es Internet .
Los beneficios para la certeza jurídica de la propiedad inmobiliaria y del comercio son evidentes .
Atrás quedarían los tediosos libros a los que se les arrancan hojas con inscripciones de hipotecas o los folios físicos que desaparecen y que dejan a propietarios o acreedores en estado de indefensión .
Evidentemente , se requería hacer algunas reformas a la constitución , pero ése no fue el problema .
El problema fueron los sindicatos y los burócratas que habían hecho de la corrupción un negocio muy rentable .
Los sindicatos , porque sus agremiados , que hacían trabajos manuales que ya no eran necesarios , se quedarían sin empleo , y los funcionarios , bueno , por corruptos .
El día de hoy , cuando yo puedo saber de dónde vienen todos mis ancestros con una simple muestra de saliva y consultando los resultados por Internet , no puedo encontrar las propiedades que tiene una persona que ha sido condenada a pagarme una indemnización sin perder cuando menos 20 días en trámites presenciales en una oficina maloliente .
Hace décadas que el registro público debería ser consultable por Internet y de manera gratuita .
Aún no lo es .
Seguimos con libros medievales y folios que tienden a desaparecer .
Ningún gobierno , hasta ahora , ha dado impulso a una verdadera Estrategia Digital Nacional que permita al ciudadano acceder a los trámites y servicios gubernamentales de manera eficiente por Internet .
Sólo hay esfuerzos aislados ; particularmente , en aquellos casos en los que el gobierno cobra contribuciones .
En donde no , prefiere mantener a una burocracia parasitaria y sus fuentes de corrupción .
No tenemos una Estrategia Digital Nacional porque los políticos y los burócratas no quieren que la tengamos .
Ahora que el Covid - 19 nos está obligando a usar las herramientas digitales , es momento de abrir los ojos y ponerle un alto a estos zánganos .
Spirit's Rear View After Parking for Fourth Winter
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this fisheye view with its rear hazard - avoidance camera after completing a drive during the 2,169th Martian day , or sol , of Spirit 's mission on Mars ( Feb. 8 , 2010 ) .
The drive left Spirit in the position where the rover will stay parked during the upcoming Mars southern - hemisphere winter .
Spirit moved about 34 centimeters ( 13 inches ) toward the south southeast in a series of drives beginning on Sol 2145 ( Jan. 15 , 2010 ) .
The left - rear wheel ( on the right in this rear - facing view ) moved out of a rut that it had dug in soft soil in April 2009 .
The drive motor for the right - rear wheel ( on the left in this view ) stopped working in late 2009 , leaving the six - wheeled rover with only four functioning wheels .
The top of the image shows the underside of Spirit 's solar array .
The rover 's solar array is tilted 9 degrees toward the south for the winter .
In the three previous winters that Spirit has spent on Mars , its parked positions tilted toward northward , a better attitude for drawing energy from the sun in the northern sky .
Engineers anticipate that , due to the unfavorable tilt for this fourth winter , Spirit will soon be out of communication with Earth for several months .
A low - power hibernation mode will shut down almost all functions except keeping a master clock running and checking periodically on Spirit 's power status until it has enough power to reawaken .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
› Full resolution jpeg ( 536 Kb )
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
While many articles try to dissect the process of designing a logo itself , I will attempt to share tips from my experiences with branding - focused logo design for the real world .
Photo by lpwines
With the surge of " stock " logos , the quality of branding for new companies is literally going downhill .
Many new designers fail to see that a logo , unlike any other design element , is literally the face of a company , and hence attached to a much larger beast .
You ca n’t peel it off from a book and slap it onto things like a sticker .
A logo versus a brand
Let ’s begin with the fine difference between a logo and a brand :
Logo
" The logo ( ideogram ) , is the image embodying an organization . [ … ]
Logos are meant to represent companies ’ brands or corporate identities [… ] "
– Logo as defined by Wikipedia
Brand and identity
" [ A ] burning scar [ with ] bankable value "
– From BusinessWeek
1. Research , research , research …
Research is everything .
It ’s your first and last name , as well as your food and bed , when you are creating a brand .
Research is the most important part of designing a logo , and branding as a whole .
Logo design with strong branding focus can easily push the limits of a five - figure budget primarily due to extensive research .
Whether you are a solo freelancer or part of a branding team , your client ’s target audience will heavily influence the decisions you make and the direction your design goes towards .
Understanding a company ’s marketing strategy is as important as placing the keystone in a building foundation .
Research encompasses everything from typography selection to presenting to a focus group .
2 . A strong name is recognizable
Photo by Stuart Chalmers
Giving an identity a name and then giving the name a face .
These are your bottom line goals when planning out your design .
In that order .
A strong name , with or without a mark , has to be recognizable without any taglines .
It must carry weight of its own .
For the life of me , no one can remember my last name , much less how to pronounce it ( it ’s Mekkaoui by the way ) .
But , say for example , I had you write it and pointed out that it included all the vowels in the alphabet , then you might remember me next time you come across it .
In branding however , we do n’t have that luxury .
I would have to be able to catch your attention as you zipped down the supermarket aisle .
Hence , I made a short , rare name that I identify myself with and use persistently all over the web : Imokon .
When Coca -Cola briefly changed their formula in 1985 , people flipped over sabotaged history .
Can you imagine their reaction if Coca - Cola changed their name to Sanscoca Fizzola ?
Exactly .
Coming up with a strong name can either be fun or a complete burden .
Regardless of whether it ’s made up ( Skype ) , a misspelling ( Google ) , or a simple word ( Borders , Apple ) ; it all goes back to marketing strategy .
You can read more about brand name types here .
3 . A good logo builds trust
The logo is the first impression , of not just who a company is , but how trustworthy it is – and in turn , how much a consumer will open up .
Let ’s say you point your browser to go.com .
It is very probable that one of three thoughts will go through your mind :
This place has a crappy Disney - esque logo .
Is this a Disney company too ?
What ’s the point ?
… to which I ’ll answer : the first two possible answers are exactly what I mean about " face " .
That bubbly calligraphy used in the signature Walt Disney logotype is so well branded that the word " Disney " is all that you would think of .
This is the difference between " This is a trustworthy site because it ’s obviously Disney ’s " or " This is a spam site and they could n’t have made it more obvious " .
4 . A good logo is distinctive and unique
Photo by pshutterbug
A strong logo , like a handsome face , does not tell you what ’s inside ; rather , it is a strong distinction amongst the masses , despite impersonation .
Another way to look at it is :
So …
You probably did n’t read the word cup in the second logo .
Your eye stopped at " Coffee " .
The first three , especially if rendered in grayscale , look very similar .
The green caught your eye more than all the brown .
You blinked at the Starbucks logo because it was n’t really a Starbucks logo … but you still heard Starbucks in your head .
The creativity in designing a logo is not focusing on the subliminal — or the art — it ’s in making an impact .
The subtle hints ( like the FedEx arrow for example ) come naturally after the fact .
5 . Details can make or break your design
Now that we got the big items out of the way , let ’s focus on the nitty - gritty stuff .
You can waste a lot of time going back and forth with ideas , but in the end , simplicity is always a win -win solution .
If you ’ve never applied the KISS principle ( keep it simple , stupid ) , you can be rest assured that you will in your logo project .
Typography :
If you have it made as a branding firm , you will have a very experienced typography expert on your team .
If not , you ’re still not completely out of luck .
Reflecting back on the client ’s target market – you ’ll want to see what kind of fonts are common in that industry and what fonts are used by top competitors .
Hint : one of the best ways to do this is looking at movie posters and magazine covers .
For example , the Bank Gothic typeface is mainly seen in action or sci- fi movies like X - men Origins : Wolverine or Hancock , but it ’s been used in bad taste in Chipotle and Capital One Bank buildings .
Now the ITC Avant Garde Gothic typeface is almost a default fashion industry standard .
Yet , I ’ve seen Bank Gothic font used for a designer swimwear brand .
Go figure – the fact that it was active clothing in nature might have made all the difference .
For a more " antique " impression , many go with Trajan Pro , which traces back to ancient Roman columns and works wonders anywhere from Micheal Jackson ’s " This is it " to law firms or universities .
However , you would never want to use this on packaging for baby products .
It ’s simply does n’t give off a good vibe .
Another note on picking out a font : you want to implement some form of customization such as kerning ( see Fedex example above ) .
At the same time , you want to be able to provide your client with a font they can use to make matching items down the road , such as presentations , invitations , and brochures .
A full branding package includes a chosen font family as well as recommended measurements that are eventually enforced on all branded objects / materials such as folders , envelopes , business cards , etc .
Type is everywhere .
Make sure your choice ties in psychologically with your client ’s goals .
Color :
If anything , the " Starbucks green " example we discussed above must have given you a clue that color is a very huge deal .
You do n’t make a logo a certain color because of the obvious product , but you choose based on — yet again — psychology .
There is no straight to the point color picker for logos , but researching the target market will get you there .
Blue , for example , is a favored corporate color because it buys a calming factor , yet when asked to make a sexy logo for a stylish company , I ’ve pulled in the reds and blacks .
This combo makes your blood rush and gives off an aloof aura all at once .
Even so , the actual hue of red can make a huge difference in impact when it comes to print and paper stock .
More on color psychology here and see it in action here .
Shape :
Speaking of blue , boxes are also ever so popular ( make sure to read the comments on that page ) .
As well are circles .
In fact , it has unintentionally become too easy to assume that the letter ‘ M ’ in a circle can indicate a public transit service .
So , you might want to think hard next time you think of working with a logo that consists of a letter in a shape .
Another note on shape , aside from standard geometry … please make sure there ’s no phallic undertones in your logo .
Unless that is indeed your intention .
Scale :
Scale matters .
When you are going to make a logo , you have to assume that it will be blown up to the entire side of a building wrap and printed as small as a quarter of an inch in height .
Now you ca n’t satisfy everybody , but …
Please do yourself and everybody a favor and design in vector .
Regardless of your opinion on this , it will cost you and your client down the road if you do n’t .
Make sure all of your art is clean ; no extra and unnecessary points .
If you see it , then it will be seen by someone else .
Gradients are a new trend , but do n’t abuse them and make sure it can be replicated in one color .
Some things just wo n’t play nice with them .
Conclusion
Many of the above principles affect more than just logo design , as branding encompasses everything that has to do with a company ’s image .
Yet , everything else seems like another extension of what the logo does for a company .
Information is beyond plentiful and you have no excuse not to do your homework .
Other good reads
Best Brands of the World
Learn logo design from top brands
Fake Logo Designs : Revisited
The ‘ O ’ in Obama
Show and tell
What are your experiences with designing logos ?
What other tips and thoughts would you like to share ?
What are some of your thoughts on current branding trends ?
Related Content
Chicago Bears defensive end Gaines Adams died Sunday morning of cardiac arrest , the Greenwood , S.C. , county coroner said .
He was 26 .
Greenwood County coroner James T. Coursey told ESPN that Adams , a Greenwood native , was taken to the emergency room at Self Regional Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 9 a.m .
Adams , who had just completed his third season in the NFL , went into cardiac arrest at his family 's home early Sunday morning , said Marcia Kelley - Clark , chief deputy coroner for Greenwood County .
The autopsy showed Adams had an enlarged heart , a condition Kelley - Clark said can often lead to a heart attack .
But Adams ' relatives did n't know about it .
" Nobody was aware of any kind of medical condition , " Kelley - Clark said .
Toxicology tests are being run by the State Law Enforcement Division , though drug use was not suspected as a factor in Adams ' death .
However , those results probably will not be available for at least two months , Kelley - Clark said .
" I remember him at the 2007 draft as a fine young man , " NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said of Adams on Sunday .
" Our condolences to Gaines ' family , his teammates on the Bears and Buccaneers , and their organizations on their loss . "
In 47 games over three seasons with the Bears and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Adams had 67 tackles , including 13.5 sacks .
" We are stunned and saddened by the news of Gaines ' passing , " the Bears said in a statement .
" Our prayers are with his family during this difficult time . "
In what 's surely an attempt to spite high fructose corn syrup haters everywhere , Coke has redesigned their plastic bottle to contain what was once sugar cane .
They call it a " PlantBottle . "
( It 's not this thing . )
Advertisement
70 % petroleum , 30 % sugar cane leftovers ( converted to a plastic after several chemical processes ) , the plantbottle is debuting in regions of high profile first , like Denmark for the convenient United Nations Climate Change Summit .
Advertisement
Through a commissioned study , Coke found their PlantBottles to have a 12 % - to - 19 % smaller carbon footprint than their plastic classic .
To put that metric into perspective :
Coke used to be polluting the Earth with millions of bottles yearly that would expend our limited resources while filling our our oceans with endless filth .
But with their new bottle , Coke is doing pretty much the same thing while being super pretentious dicks about it .
[ WSJ via Grub Street Chicago ]
Become a fan of the NAMM Oddities on facebook and see occasional audio - related strangeness all year long .
You 'll also be the first to hear when the Oddities go online each year .
Welcome to the 2020 edition of the NAMM Oddities .
This may very well be a modern era record for getting the Oddities published .
I needed to go down to Mexico for about about nine days so I scheduled it for the week following NAMM with the intention sequestering myself and knocking out the Oddities .
Last year I enjoyed single malt whiskey while I was writing but this year I thought that when in Rome should apply and I found a very nice tequila to partner up with .
If it was " 99000 Dollars " instead of " 99000 Horas " then in pesos it would qualify as Tres Comas .
Thanks again goes out to Tracy for catching typos , fixing incomplete thoughts , and improving the humor .
- Barry
St. Louis Fed economist Kevin Kliesen opens the unmentionable Pandora 's box of what happens if all the Fed 's actions to date have been , gasp , flawed , and while containing the fallout of the financial crisis , the Fed may have well started on a new , and more dangerous path of a " destabilizing " liquidity driven inflationary explosion .
Of course , to inflationists everywhere , this is a given .
Deflationists may need some more convincing .
Foremost among the concerns of many is how to design a strategy that does not on the one hand raise interest rates prematurely , thereby prematurely nipping the economic recovery in the bud , while on the other hand does not keep rates too low for too long , thereby creating conditions that lead to a surge in inflation or inflation expectations .
What ’s needed is an effective policy to prevent the unprecedented monetary stimulus from becoming a destabilizing influence on price stability .
Another key is accurately predicting inflation over the next few years .
More from Kliesen :
Some analysts believe that inflation will remain low as long as the unemployment rate stays well above its natural rate of unemployment ( a measure of slack ) .
Others , by contrast , believe that the risk of higher inflation has risen sharply because of the Fed ’s large - scale asset purchase program and the advent of large , and possibly protracted , budget deficits .
In Figure 1 , the path of the FOMC ’s federal funds interest rate target is plotted along with the monetary base .
The monetary base , which is sometimes called “ high - powered money , ” can be thought of as the raw material for creating money .
Since both series are denominated differently , the chart indexes the series to be 1.0 in January 2007 .
The chart also includes vertical lines at August 2007 , March 2008 and September 2008 , when key events occurred in the financial crises .
A considerable amount of disagreement seems to exist among economists about the inflation outlook over the next few years .
Some economists are quite worried about the potential for much higher inflation , while others are more concerned about the potential risk of inflation falling to uncomfortably low levels — or even the possibility of deflation ( a fall in the aggregate price level ) .
Much of this disagreement reflects , on the one hand , the Federal Reserve ’s aggressive response to the deep recession , the financial crisis and the exceptionally large federal budget deficits , and on the other hand , the downward pressure on wages and prices that typically occurs in the aftermath of a deep recession .
Figure 2 depicts one way to gauge this disagreement .
In Figure 2 , the history of the Blue Chip forecasts of the average Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) inflation rate over the next five years is presented .
The chart shows the average of the least optimistic inflation forecasts and the most optimistic inflation forecasts , as well as their difference ( disagreement ) .
During periods when inflation tends to be relatively high and variable , such as the late - 1980s and early 1990s , there tend to be some sizable differences among forecasters about the medium - term inflation outlook .
By contrast , during periods when inflation tends to be relatively low and stable , such as the mid-1990s to mid-2000s , forecasters tend to disagree less about the inflation outlook .
Since early 2007 , though , the level of inflation disagreement among forecasters has increased .
Indeed , and not only increased but is now at 20 year highs .
Yet possibly the most relevant topic in the paper is the discussion of the output gap .
Zero Hedge previously presented thoughts from the St. Louis Fed , in " Why the " output gap " inflation model may be fatally flawed " which speculated that due to the bubble nature of the economy the excess slack as perceived by Bernanke may be completely irrelvant .
It is notable that the it is the same regional Fed that created the underlying paper in that post .
Could the St. Louis
Fed be the biggest opponent to Bernanke 's favorite metric of determining inflationary capacity in the economy ?
These two papers sure highlight that .
It is highly likely that this recession will induce considerable structural change in the economy .
Indeed , this development already appears to be in train since many economic resources — labor and capital — that were employed in the automotive , housing and financial industries will need to migrate to industries that offer higher rates of return .
One way to gauge the evolving structural change is by viewing the percentage of the labor force that is often characterized as the long - term unemployed ( persons unemployed for 27 weeks or longer ) .
As of November 2009 , this percentage had risen to 3.8 percent , its highest rate in the post - World War II period .
Those who believe that the Phillips Curve framework can adequately capture the evolution of the inflation outlook over the near term must adequately account for structural changes that might have occurred in the boom and bust in asset prices .
In its 2009 Annual Report , the Bank for International Settlements discussed these “ bubbleinduced distortions ” to current estimates of trend output growth and , hence , potential real GDP .
Thus , it is conceivable that estimates of potential real GDP at the start of the recession were too large and that the structural adjustments noted above may have subsequently reduced potential real GDP from its artificially high level .
While it is probably unlikely that the fall in actual real GDP during the recession has been matched by the fall in potential real GDP , the size of the output gap might be smaller than conventional wisdom might believe .
If so , those who foresee little risk to the near - term inflation outlook because of a large , persistent output gap may be too optimistic .
To borrow a Bushism , make no mistake : the last sentence is squarely directed at the Chairman , and reading between the lines indicates that the St. Louis Fed has become significantly more of an inflation hawk than previously expected .
The cautionary observations from Kliesen :
Policy is extraordinarily accommodative ( see Figure 1 ) , and the FOMC has said that “ economic conditions
are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period . ”
Although low interest rates are a key part of the FOMC ’s strategy to boost economic growth and cement the health of the economic recovery , there might still be a danger of inflating asset prices by encouraging investors and speculators to shift out of low - yield assets like Treasury securities into higher - yielding assets like commodity contracts or other tangible financial assets .
But we thought the Fed 's monetary policy has no impact on asset price bubbles .
Did n't the Chairman himself say so a few days go .
The St. Louis
Fed squarely disagrees with this assesment :
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and other senior
Fed officials are quite confident that they have the tools and the determination necessary to prevent an unwelcome acceleration in inflation or inflation expectations .
Unlike previous episodes , though , the magnitude of the policy responses to the financial crisis and the Great Recession suggests that the FOMC ’s margin of error seems much smaller than at any time in the Fed ’s history .
And if history is any indication , it is a virtual certainty that Bernanke will commit an error once again in his monetary policy calculations .
The only question is what the magnitude of the error will be , and how dire the bubble - popping implications become once the asset - price inflation episode comes to an abrupt end .
Full St. Louis Fed paper :
It is strange that we do not speak about Hitlers in the plural , as we speak about Quislings .
The small Hitlers are around us every day , tormenting us with their promises , rejoicing in our weaknesses , demanding our trust , our lives , while remaining totally indifferent to everything except their thirst for power .
— Robert Payne , The Life and Death of Adolf Hitler Answering a knock at the door of his Lake Charles , Louisiana , home about 8:30 a.m. on September 17 , 2003 , the man found three U.S. marshals with semiautomatic weapons who wanted to know if he was Greg Caton .
When he said yes , they asked him to step out of the house and handcuffed his hands behind his back , claiming they had a warrant to search his home .
“ Search for what ? ” he asked .
“ First of all , we need to know where the battery acid is , ” one marshal replied .
“ Battery acid ? ” Caton exclaimed .
“ I do n’t have any battery acid in my home . ”
The marshals entered the house , taking him along , and sat him down , handcuffed , while they searched .
Other marshals assisted , until , Caton estimates , eight of them were going through his home .
He asked no fewer than four times to call his attorney , but they refused to allow it .
When he asked why , since he ’d been arrested , their reply was , “ You ’re not arrested — you ’re a detainee . ”
“ This , to me , was the most amazing thing of all , ” Caton says , “ as if somehow that wording changes what is in fact happening .
When I brought that up to my defense attorney , he said , ‘ They ’re not supposed to do that . ’
I said , ‘ Well , ca n’t we do something about it ? ’
He said , ‘ No , because it ’s your word against theirs — they can do whatever they want . ’ ” * * * Greg Caton was a victim of “ Operation Cure .
All , ” an initiative begun in 2001 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Trade Commission .
A press release on the FTC ’s web site says , “ FTC , FDA and other law enforcement agencies move to stop Internet scams for supplements and other products that purport to cure cancer , HIV / AIDS and countless other life - threatening diseases . ”
Unfortunately , the FDA has used this as an excuse to shut down businesses and arrest people whose products , though not recognized by conventional medicine , actually work — and are inexpensive and have few , if any , side effects .
At the time of the raid , Greg Caton , an herbalist and inventor , was founder and president of three companies .
One , Lumen Foods , made soyfood products .
Another , Preservx , made a food preservative Caton invented and patented that can be used in much smaller quantities than other preservatives .
The third , Alpha Omega Labs , sold what the FDA and conventional medicine call “ unproven ” remedies for cancer and other health problems .
Many of these remedies Caton and his wife , Cathryn , a naturopathic doctor , had developed , some based on old formulas registered with the U.S. Patent Office .
His web site , www.altcancer.com, contains extensive information and advice on dealing with cancer and other illnesses .
The site says , “ our primary focus is on ‘ plant medicines ’ that are proven to meet three criteria : ( 1 ) They must work , ( 2 ) They must be safe , and ( 3 ) They must be sufficiently inexpensive so that the average worker can afford the product (s ) without distress . ”
He offered a money - back guarantee on everything he sold .
Alpha Omega ’s first product and one of its most popular , Cansema Salve , contains chaparral , a traditional remedy for cancer , along with zinc chloride and other ingredients to facilitate its action .
Starting with that one product , Caton built up his line to 350 or so items , some of which he had traveled the world to find .
He had about a hundred thousand customers worldwide and grossed about a million dollars a year .
One product he carried was called hydronium , or H3O , a weak solution of “ scalar energized ” sulfuric acid used for a variety of topical applications , such as skin funguses , bites and burns , sore throat , and disinfectant .
Caton is refreshingly candid on his web site , and in the case of H3O , this may have gotten him into trouble .
In an extensive discussion , he says , “ This is a solution you can easily swallow ( more comfortably if diluted to a pH of 2.0 , granted ) at acidic levels , which , if we were talking about any other acid in the 0.0 to 0.5 pH range , would have potentially severe health consequences . ”
Caton ’s web site has testimonials about H3O — as it does about many of his products .
He sold thousands of bottles to customers all over the world and had n’t received a single complaint .
Until , that is , a woman in Indiana used Alpha Omega ’s Cansema Salve and H3O and a product from another company for what appeared to be a cancer on her nose and suffered damage .
She filed a lawsuit against both companies , but an affidavit filed eight months after the raid does n’t mention Alpha Omega or its products .
Alpha Omega ’s records indicate that a year and a half after the incident with her nose , she attempted to return the H3O and another product , H3x , unopened .
Alpha Omega declined , because the product was more than three months old , but the question arises how she could have suffered harm from the H3O if she never opened it .
She also bought two more jars of Cansema Salve more than a year after the incident with her nose and returned them unopened for a refund two months later .
Caton ’s attorney points out , in a document filed with the court , that of the two companies involved , Alpha Omega “ is the only insured party . ”
Around the same time , a surgeon in Texas used H3O as a disinfectant to rinse out the site of a partial hysterectomy he performed .
The patient developed “ various complications , ” according to the lawsuit she filed , which she blamed on the H3O “ as well as the care and treatment ” by the surgeon , the hospital , and the holding company that owned the hospital .
In an August 2002 letter , a year before the raid on Alpha Omega , the Texas State Board of Medical Examiners cleared the doctor of wrongdoing after an investigation , saying “ the evidence does not indicate a violation of the Texas Medical Practice Act . ”
These were the only lawsuits filed against Alpha Omega during its decade in business .
From the FDA ’s point of view , however , Caton was cynically selling battery acid and other dangerous products to unsuspecting customers , and he had to be stopped .
Caton says that the manufacturer ’s safety data sheet ( MSDS ) and skin sensitivity test for H3O show that on human tissue , the product has the same corrosivity or causticity as water .
Although neither document says this in so many words , the erythema / edema ( skin redness / swelling ) test , done on six rabbits by a testing laboratory in New Jersey , does show no discernible effect in two cases and a “ very slight ” or “ barely perceptible ” effect in four cases after twenty - four hours .
After seventy - two hours , no effect is discernible in any of them .
The report says that the product “ is not considered a primary skin irritant according to 29 CFR , Section 1910 .1200 .
App A ( 1 ) , 2001 . ” H3O was sold as a concentrate and was used in this form for the tests .
Used as directed , it would be diluted approximately one hundred twenty - eight times ( one ounce to a gallon of water ) .
The MSDS presumably intends to convey the same message but does n’t do it quite so clearly .
It says the product is “ Non corrosive per 49 CFR 173.136 , ” that no labels are required , and that it “ Contains no hazardous ingredients according to these citations . ”
Under “ Effects of chronic over exposure , ” it says “ None ” for eyes , skin , and inhalation and that ingestion is “ Not a likely source of exposure .
Dilute with milk or water . ”
On the other hand , the sheet also says , “ May be harmful if swallowed ” and “ Keep out of eyes and off skin . ”
It says users should wear safety glasses or goggles and impermeable gloves and that “ A well ventilated work environment is recommended . ”
This appears to be boilerplate language that would be reasonable for any chemical one worked with on a regular basis , as opposed to something used occasionally for therapeutic purposes .
Again , this applies to the concentrated version .
* * *
At the same time the FDA was searching Caton ’s home , other marshals were searching his business premises and several properties he owned in Lake Charles , much to the consternation of his employees and tenants .
The government brought in trucks to Alpha Omega and confiscated large quantities of raw materials and finished products , which they subsequently destroyed — essentially finding him guilty before his case was even heard .
The centerpiece of the operation was a special truck for transporting hazardous materials , with “ Sulfuric Acid ” signs on the sides , which they used to haul away the H3O .
Cathryn Caton had been at the gym that morning for a workout , along with the Catons ’ seven - year - old son , and arrived home just as Caton was being arrested .
A neighbor who saw what was happening came out and took charge of their son , so Cathryn could respond to the situation inside .
The Lake Charles police chief , a former FBI agent , had also arrived , Caton says in a letter , and “ told me to my face that he could ‘ rip up the floors and tear out the walls ’ if ‘ we do n’t get what we ’re looking for . ’
I will never forget this as long as I live .
I was sitting at the West facing end of my dining room table with handcuffs on behind my back when he told me .
I was really , really concerned that they were going to destroy our home . ”
As it turned out , Caton was not only a detainee but an arrestee , and he was sent to the parish jail .
“ Jail ” conjures up the image of a couple of cells in a police station or behind the sheriff ’s office in an Old West frontier town , but in fact , Lafayette Parish Correctional Center is a prison , where Caton was held for two months without being charged and for another six after that , without bail , on the premise that he was a flight risk .
The government threatened to arrest Cathryn Caton and to file Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization ( RICO ) charges against her , Greg , and their employees , on the basis , Caton says , “ that AO labs was huge conspiracy to hurt the public with dangerous drugs . ”
They also threatened to arrest his employees as unindicted co-conspirators .
( In fact , two of his Lumen Foods employees were subsequently arrested on drug charges .
Caton does n’t know if these were justified or not . )
The prospect of both Catons in prison carried the implicit threat of foster care for their seven - year - old son .
Because of this , the Catons signed papers appointing Cathryn ’s brother , in Texas , guardian for their son .
They then sent their son to live with him for the entire fall school semester .
Caton was a flight risk because , the FDA contended , he had three passports and a pilot ’s license and had flown as recently as the previous month ( August 2003 ) .
They also claimed two guns he had in his home were for the purpose of harming federal agents .
They made these claims in court , under oath , Caton says .
However , he did n’t have three passports — he had two , one of which had expired and was punched “ VOID . ”
He did n’t have a pilot ’s license — he had taken flying lessons , and the last time he had flown , according to the pilot ’s log , was in August 2001 , not 2003 .
The two guns were in his wife ’s name , and they were purchased , he says , before Y2 K , as a precaution .
Nevertheless , when all the charges were added up , he potentially faced a long stretch in prison .
“ They used perjurious statements to even raid my house to begin with , ” Caton says .
“ They told a judge I was telling people to drink battery acid , and I ’ve got the Department of Justice report to show that . ”
FDA agent John Armand was insistent about this in a meeting , Caton says , recounting their conversation .
“ Yes , it ’s battery acid .
You know it ’s battery acid .
It ’s sulfuric acid — it must be battery acid . ”
“ Would you like to see the MSDS sheet ? ” Caton asked .
“ No , we do n’t need to see that . ”
“ Would you like to see the skin sensitivity tests that were done in New Jersey , showing that this is completely noncaustic , noncorrosive ? ”
“ You know that ’s not what it is . ”
Ultimately , the government offered Caton a plea bargain : one count of mail fraud , one count of introducing an unapproved new drug into interstate commerce , and forfeiture of all his commercial property .
The mail fraud charge was for selling the H3O .
Despite the absurdity of the government ’s claim that he was selling battery acid , why did they insist he plead to it ?
Caton has an answer for that .
“ It ’s like the story of the guy who gets caught lying , and he looks you in the face , and he says to you , ‘ That ’s my story , and I ’m sticking to it . ’ ” This obtuse , maddening attitude of a bureaucrat caught in an error or an outright lie ultimately came to be something of a grim joke for the Catons , illustrating the groundlessness of the government ’s case .
Caton recounts that the FDA contacted the manufacturer of the H3O , asking how to dispose of the battery acid .
The owner of the company told them it was n’t battery acid and asked how they got that idea — a question they did n’t answer .
The owner subsequently received a call from the hazmat disposal company the FDA had retained , asking how to dispose of it .
His reply was that the easiest way was probably to drink it .
The charge of introducing a new drug into interstate commerce was for shipping a bottle of Cansema Tonic III to Plantation , Florida .
The recipient was n’t specified , but the FDA happens to have a field office there .
The government ’s pièce de résistance was its demand that Caton forfeit all his commercial property , plus $ 950,000 .
The rationale was that funds from Alpha Omega had been commingled with those of his other two companies and had “ tainted ” them .
The FDA arrived at the amount from an analysis of his financial records , which they ’d also seized — it was ostensibly what he ’d defrauded customers out of .
His assets were worth only about half what they demanded , so they agreed to settle — for everything he had .
Caton owned three buildings .
He ’d already had to sell a building in which he had $ 500,000 in equity , as well as the Preservx company ( now called Global Preservatives ) and its associated patent , for “ pennies on the dollar ” to pay his legal bills .
Of the remaining three buildings , one was where Alpha Omega and Lumen Foods were located .
Another was a storefront building .
The third was a house , worth about $ 45,000 , that he ’d intended to sell to one of his assistants .
Altogether , the buildings were worth about $ 400,000 , although he owed about $ 180,000 on the mortgages .
The FDA was going to let him keep his home and the processing equipment for Lumen Foods .
Caton was n’t sure whether the government would sell the buildings or let him continue to lease from them .
He estimated that if they sold , they might end up with $ 150,000 — not much for all the paper shuffling involved .
However , it had emerged earlier that the FDA believed Caton had large sums of money stashed in offshore accounts .
In fact , Caton has reliable information that the night before the raid , fourteen federal and local agents had a party at a local casino , celebrating what they thought would be a large haul the next day — which , he says , their departments would have shared in .
As it turned out , there were no offshore accounts .
Caton is not a rich man , although he probably could have become one from his cancer remedies alone .
He had fulfilled the three criteria he and his wife had established when they founded the company : his products worked , they were safe , and he charged reasonable prices .
His customers ’ many testimonials confirmed this .
Ironically , his generosity had cost him dearly , because he ’d had to scramble just to cover his legal expenses .
On the other hand , of course , if he ’d had more money , the FDA would have just taken it .
The belief that he had large offshore bank accounts may actually have been one of the factors motivating the FDA ’s raid .
Caton , who has become something of an unwilling expert on the subject ( his eight months in jail gave him a lot of time to read ) , points out a quotation in a book by William Blum , Rogue State : A Guide to the World ’s Only Superpower : “ The DEA , other federal and state agencies and police are seizing houses , boats , cars , airplanes , real estate , furnishings , bank accounts and other assets belonging to people suspected of involvement in drug trafficking , or belonging to their spouses , often without a conviction and whether or not the assets seized were tied to the alleged crime .
...
The government agencies are selling these assets and using the proceeds for anything from patrol cars to parties .
The expected value of forfeitures is at times a determining factor in the question of who to raid .
Police are routinely planting drugs and falsifying police reports to establish probable cause for cash seizures .
...
As of early 1999 , there was $ 2.7 billion in the federal government ’s ‘ Asset Forfeiture Fund ’ alone . ” ( p. 270–1 ) Caton also points to a letter in the the April 15 , 2004 , Wall Street Journal that quotes former judge John Yoder , first head of the Justice Department 's Asset Forfeiture Office in the Reagan administration : “ When I set up the Asset Forfeiture Office , I thought I could use my position to help protect citizens ’ rights , and tried to insure that the U.S. Department of Justice went after big time drug dealers and big time criminals , rather than minor offenders and innocent property owners .
Today , overzealous government agents and prosecutors will not think twice about seizing a yacht or a car if they find two marijuana cigarettes in it , regardless of where they came from .
I am now ashamed of , and scared of the monster I helped to create . ” * * * Reading through the thirty - eight pages of the eight - part plea agreement , one cannot but be struck by the monstrous fabrications , profound cynicism , and complete imperviousness to reason they display .
The agreement claims Caton knowingly created “ a scheme and artifice to defraud purchasers ” and that “ to facilitate the scheme and the artifice to defraud , the defendant purchased buildings at the two locations described . ”
So he did n’t just own the buildings — he purchased them deliberately to defraud people .
It ’s hard to decide which is worse — that the government actually believes this or that they knew it was ridiculous and went ahead with it anyway .
One thinks of Bob Dylan : “ How many times can a man turn his head and pretend that he just does n’t see ? ”
Can one seriously believe , looking at the depth of information on Caton ’s web site , the extent of the knowledge it reflects , the variety of products , the hundreds of testimonials , that he ’s out to defraud people — unless one were already predisposed to view any alternative treatment as a fraud ?
The potential prison time for the plea bargain was five years for the mail fraud and three years for introducing an unapproved new drug , but the government told him that realistically , he was looking at 41 – 47 months , less time served .
Also , his cooperation with the FBI gave the judge considerable downward discretion .
Cathryn Caton had sent out an appeal to Alpha Omega customers , asking for letters — testimonials , character references , requests for leniency — to present to the judge .
She received a barrage of emails that , when printed out , yielded a two - inch - thick stack of letters .
The judge was already quite sympathetic .
At the hearing where Caton entered his plea — after eight months in the parish jail — the judge pointed at him and said to the prosecutor , “ Why is this man still in jail ? ” ( Caton had previously appeared before two other judges . )
The judge then released him on bond .
As Caton put it , “ This judge does not like prosecutorial misconduct , and this thing has got misconduct written all over it . ”
Not content with destroying Caton ’s livelihood and holding him in prison , the FDA proceeded to assail his reputation by giving the Associated Press a story that ran in Lake Charles and Lafayette papers .
It gave the FDA ’s version , quoting government officials and the attorney for the woman who had named Caton in her complaint but omitted him from her affidavit .
The articles made him look only slightly less reprehensible than an axe murderer .
Neither Caton nor his lawyer was contacted for their side .
At the sentencing hearing , the judge rejected the prosecution ’s contention that Caton had intended to cause harm with his products and sentenced him to the minimum possible under the sentencing guidelines : 33 months , which he 'll do in a minimum - security prison .
With time served and good behavior he ’ll do 20 , of which the last six may be in a halfway house .
In all , Greg Caton estimates , the FDA took $ 250,000 worth of materials and $ 400,000 worth of buildings .
This does n’t include what he lost in the distress sale of Preservx and the one building he sold , his legal fees — which amounted to $ 50,000 for the criminal charges alone — or the ongoing revenue from Preservx and Alpha Omega .
After Caton was arrested , his wife had T - shirts made up .
The front says , “ I survived an FDA raid on September 17 , 2003 . ”
The back is like a rock band ’s tour schedule , but instead of concert dates , it says “ Other FDA survivors , ” then “ In remembrance of Dr. Royal Rife , Harry Hoxsey and all others that have contributed to alternative healing methods and for the freedom of choice . ”
This is followed by the names of eight victims of FDA raids , the last being Greg Caton’s .
At the bottom is a picture of Uncle Sam pointing outward , with the caption “ Coming soon to a city near you . ”
“ One of the sacred principles of American life is that private property is respected , ” Caton says .
“ I do n’t even want citizenship in a country that ’s capable of doing this .
I ’m a manufacturer .
I have equipment , I have inventory — raw goods , finished goods , goods in process , goods already prepared to ship that are on the bay door waiting to go out .
You ca n’t run a business if the principle of private property is n’t respected .
“ If you ’re an herbalist and you do what we do for a living , and you have extensive knowledge and you ’re very good at what you do , if at any given time they can just come in and take your property , real property , take equipment , take inventory , take goods — just take it all , like they did in my case — you ca n’t operate in that kind of an environment .
“ We ’ve reached a point in our journey on the road to becoming a police state where federal agents can get up on the stand , they can raise their hand , they ’re under oath , they can lie in the most egregious ways , and I guess judges are n’t going to do anything about it .
I brought this up to two different defense attorneys , and it was like , blasé — looking at me as if , ‘ Are you naïve ?
So what ?
They lied — so what ?
Do you never get out of the house ?
Do n’t you know what ’s going on ? ’
That was the real mindblower in this whole situation : there ’s nothing special about me or my case .
This goes on all the time . ”
While Greg Caton was in jail , FDA agent John Armand told one of Caton ’s lawyers that he ’d been getting calls from all over the world , from people who had used Alpha Omega ’s products , protesting what had happened .
Cathryn Caton had been getting calls too , from customers crying , saying nothing else worked and that it was a matter of life and death .
She referred them to the FDA .
* * * Although asset forfeiture may have been on the FDA ’s mind when they went after Caton , they ’ve been raiding proponents of alternative remedies for decades — since long before asset forfeiture was an option or the term “ alternative remedies ” even existed .
The FDA , in fact , has a long and distinguished history of ruthlessly exterminating anything that competes with conventional treatment , particularly for cancer .
It ’s been observed that the FDA is heavily influenced by the medical and pharmaceutical industries .
Its favoritism had become so flagrant that , as James Carter , M.D. , points out in Racketeering in Medicine , “ In June , 1990 , Marvin Seife , the former head of the FDA ’s generic drug division , was the fifth FDA official to be indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of perjury .
...
Four of Seife ’s former employees at FDA have already been convicted on corruption and racketeering charges .
Five industry executives , three companies and one consultant have been convicted of similar charges . ” ( p. 165 ) Conflicts of interest are still rampant , as a September 25 , 2000 , article in USA Today points out : “ More than half of the experts hired to advise the government on the safety and effectiveness of medicine have financial relationships with the pharmaceutical companies that will be helped or hurt by their decisions . ”
And as Shannon Brownlee reports in the April 2004 Washingtonian , “ More than 60 percent of clinical studies — those involving human subjects — are now funded not by the federal government , but by the pharmaceutical and biotech industries .
That means that the studies published in scientific journals like Nature and The New England Journal of Medicine ... are increasingly likely to be designed , controlled , and sometimes even ghost - written by marketing departments , rather than academic scientists . ”
Considering the FDA ’s enforcement efforts , or lack thereof , toward pharmaceutical manufacturers , its insistence on a mail fraud charge for Caton ’s H3O seems more than a little hypocritical , A study in the April 15 , 1998 , Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) reports that 76,000 – 137,000 people die each year from adverse drug reactions .
Despite this , according to the February 2003 Consumer Reports , the number of warning letters the FDA sends to drug manufacturers “ about false or misleading drug ads has dropped precipitously , from more than 100 per year in the late 1990s to just 24 as of November 2002 . ”
A drug company ’s misleading ad campaign may have run its course before the FDA gets around to sending a warning letter , if it does at all .
The listing of warning letters on the FDA ’s web site shows that the downward trend has continued to the present .
( The Consumer Reports article also details a number of other questionable practices by the industry . )
Even drugs with proven harmful or fatal effects are merely taken off the market .
The manufacturer is not raided , its assets are not seized , and its officers do not do time .
Like the pharmaceutical industry , the medical establishment is not blameless in attempting to suppress alternative remedies .
In 1976 , in what came to be known as the Wilk case , several Chicago - area chiropractors sued the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , which they claimed had conspired to destroy their profession .
The case went on for fifteen years , in the course of which nearly a million pages of documents , many from the AMA ’s files , were disclosed .
As author John Robbins put it , “ It was revealed quite clearly that , for many years , the AMA had deliberately and systematically conspired to destroy not only chiropractic , but midwifery , homeopathy , naturopathy , and herbalism .
The whole collection of what we call wholistic and alternative medicine had been the AMA ’s target for destruction . ”
The case ultimately went to the U.S. Supreme Court , and the chiropractors won .
The medical and pharmaceutical industries ’ interest in disparaging alternative treatment is understandable .
Several studies published in medical journals point out that the number of visits per year to alternative practitioners now exceeds visits to conventional physicians , with most people paying out of their own pockets .
This has been going on since at least 1990 and is due to more people “ seeking alternative therapies , rather than increased visits per patient , ” according to a 1998 study in JAMA .
Clearly , all these people ca n’t be dupes of scam artists .
* * * Considering that half of American men and a third of American women will come down with cancer , the question must be asked : whom is the FDA “ protecting ” ?
The agency has effectively become the enforcement branch of the medical and pharmaceutical industries , which want to preserve the status quo .
The pharmaceutical industry can’t make any money on natural remedies , and the doctors do n’t want to lose the vast amounts of funding poured into cancer research .
It ’s been said that those with serious illnesses are vulnerable to fraud , and some may be — although they ’re equally vulnerable to a doctor ’s pitch for conventional treatment that does n’t work .
But unlike in decades past , virtually everyone now has access to a wide variety of health information on the Internet — and they ’re using it .
A survey in 2000 by the Pew Internet & American Life Project shows that “ fifty - two million American adults , or 55 % of those with Internet access , have used the Web to get health or medical information . ”
Of these , 91 % “ have looked for material related to a physical illness . ”
And “ for the 21 million health seekers who say they were swayed by what they read online the last time they sought health information ... 70 % said the Web information influenced their decision about how to treat an illness or condition . ”
People are looking elsewhere because they ’re realizing that the Western approach is expensive , debilitating , and often ineffective — that it treats the symptoms rather than the cause .
We ’re in the middle of a changing paradigm — changing from the concept of attacking disease to one of eliminating it by restoring balance .
Surely we , as adults , have the right to choose the type of healthcare treatment available to us without the government unilaterally eliminating our options .
Is n’t it time for the FDA to heed what the patient at one alternative cancer clinic said to them during a raid ?
“ We ’re all adults here , making free - will choices .
Why do n’t you get out of here and leave us alone ? ”
Aside from restricting our healthcare choices , what justifies the FDA ’s gestapo / KGB tactics in smashing , intimidating , demoralizing , and bankrupting its targets , even before a trial to determine their guilt or innocence ?
What justifies seizing their assets , impounding their computers and business records , confiscating their personal papers and effects , destroying their products and ingredients , and holding them in prison for extended periods ?
Very few people can do what Caton and others like him have done .
It takes tremendous initiative to come up with a product that works , make it available commercially , and assume the risks of being put out of business and perhaps imprisoned by the FDA .
Perhaps most important , Caton resisted the temptation to get rich on other people ’s suffering , which ca n’t be said of the pharmaceutical industry .
He could have made much more money and put enough away to cover his eventual ruinous legal expenses — but he did n’t .
Should n’t we be encouraging and rewarding people like this rather than persecuting them and destroying their lives ?
Update ( 2008 ) : Greg Caton served his time , then moved with his family to South America , where he reopened Alpha Omega Laboratories .
NEW YORK – Newly elected city Comptroller John Liu is taking action to help protect communities from big developers and corruption .
Liu , the first Asian American elected to a top New York City office , has announced that he will set up a task force to establish more oversight over so - called Community Benefit Agreements between developers and community groups .
CBAs are generally supposed to ensure that a developer provides services agreed upon by both sides in exchange for community support for a particular project .
Residents are in theory able to win such things as a certain percentage of affordable housing , jobs , parks and so on .
Developers can receive zoning changes , no - bid contracting , tax subsidies – even the right to invoke eminent domain and seize private property for their project .
While such agreements are in use worldwide , New York City CBAs have drawn scrutiny .
Questions have arisen as to who represents a community and how enforceable an agreement is .
Developers here have used CBAs to gain an upper hand in many communities and , in some cases , as a way to divide and even radically alter neighborhoods against the wishes of local residents .
Echoing concerned New Yorkers , Liu said , “ In the absence of standards … these agreements will become more problematic and ultimately irrelevant . ”
In Brooklyn , a CBA was signed in 2005 between Forest City Ratner , a multi-billion - dollar private developer which had already been guaranteed huge subsidies from the city , and a number of groups purporting to represent the community .
The agreement was for Ratner ’s proposed Atlantic Yards project , which will , through eminent domain , throw people out of their homes and businesses and radically alter downtown Brooklyn .
Critics of the project note that it will displace thousands of local residents and replace decent existing housing with luxury condos in a neighborhood where the current median income is less than $ 30,000 .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced the agreement in a flurry of press releases , .
However , neither Bloomberg nor any city agency were signatories .
Only Forest City Ratner and eight civic groups that do n’t directly represent the area were signers .
Develop Do n’t Destroy Brooklyn , a coalition that came together to oppose Atlantic Yards , and others charged that the mayor had tried to hoodwink the community by making it appear that there was an agreement between the city and the developer .
Many felt that even the stipulations spelled out in the CBA were not enough to protect the neighborhood .
The Develop Do n’t Destroy coalition charged that “ misleading statements appeared in the mayor ’s press release , including the claim that the FCR proposal ‘ will create 8,500 permanent new jobs , 4,500 mixed - income apartments .
FCR themselves only claim 6,000 jobs and have admitted at a City Council hearing that they cannot guarantee that any new permanent jobs would be created or that local residents would get the jobs .
FCR said at the same Council hearing that they now plan on building 6,000 or even 7,300 housing units , with no commitment to make those additional units affordable . ' ”
Astonishingly , Forest City Ratner official Mary Anne Gilmartin admitted in a July 2009 meeting that “ Forest City has funding obligations and commitments to each of the organizations [ that signed the CBA ] , and they ’re reviewed on an annual basis . ”
In other words , though the mayor and FCR attempted to give the agreement a veneer of grassroots involvement , all the singers had received funding from the developer .
Further , the agreement , while technically binding , has no actual enforcement mechanism .
Atlantic
Yards may be considered the most egregious case of abuse , but , Liu said , “ the public has seen a string of broken promises to communities and questionable involvement by some government officials . ”
He added that studies have singled out the city ’s community benefit agreements “ as examples of what not to do . ”
Saying that it is “ time for the embarrassment to end , ” Liu announced that his office would form a task force that includes business , labor and grassroots organizations , to examine the issue and propose proper procedures .
Findings and regulations would have to be approved by the City Council .
According to Liu , “ It is simply common sense to have clear standards that ensure benefits for the public when private developers receive benefits from the public . ”
Photo : John Liu , elected New York City Comptroller this past November .
http://www.liutransition2010.com/sites/default/files/feature/files/slide_thank-you_0.jpg
People who spend a lot of time browsing the net are more likely to show depressive symptoms , according to the first large - scale study of its kind in the West by University of Leeds psychologists .
Researchers found striking evidence that some users have developed a compulsive internet habit , whereby they replace real - life social interaction with online chat rooms and social networking sites .
The results suggest that this type of addictive surfing can have a serious impact on mental health .
Lead author Dr Catriona Morrison , from the University of Leeds , said : " The internet now plays a huge part in modern life , but its benefits are accompanied by a darker side .
" While many of us use the internet to pay bills , shop and send emails , there is a small subset of the population who find it hard to control how much time they spend online , to the point where it interferes with their daily activities . "
These ' internet addicts ' spent proportionately more time browsing sexually gratifying websites , online gaming sites and online communities .
They also had a higher incidence of moderate to severe depression than non-addicted users .
" Our research indicates that excessive internet use is associated with depression , but what we do n't know is which comes first - are depressed people drawn to the internet or does the internet cause depression ?
" What is clear , is that for a small subset of people , excessive use of the internet could be a warning signal for depressive tendencies . "
Incidents such as the spate of suicides among teenagers in the Welsh town of Bridgend in 2008 led many to question the extent to which social networking sites can contribute to depressive thoughts in vulnerable teenagers .
In the Leeds study , young people were more likely to be internet addicted than middle - aged users , with the average age of the addicted group standing at 21 years .
" This study reinforces the public speculation that over - engaging in websites that serve to replace normal social function might be linked to psychological disorders like depression and addiction , " added Dr Morrison .
" We now need to consider the wider societal implications of this relationship and establish clearly the effects of excessive internet use on mental health . "
This was the first large - scale study of Western young people to consider the relationship between internet addiction and depression .
The internet use and depression levels of 1,319 people aged 16 - 51 were evaluated for the study , and of these , 1.2 % were classed as being internet addicted .
While small , this figure is larger than the incidence of gambling in the UK , which stands at 0.6 % .
The research will be published in the journal Psychopathology on 10th February .
Explore further Internet addiction more serious than OCD
More information : ' The relationship between excessive internet use and depression : a questionnaire - based study of 1,319 young people and adults , ' Psychopathology .
Poker theoreticians and PokerTracker / Hold 'emManager users will definitely want to stop by Outflopped.com and pick up ~ 70 gigabytes ( GB ) of online poker hand histories covering Absolute Poker , Full Tilt , IPN , ONG , PokerStars , and Party .
While you 're there , do yourself and the rest of the poker community a favor and sign up for an account .
Powered by the same StackExchange engine that powers the ( okay , arguably ) most popular programmer Q&A site in the world , Outflopped.com is organized poker Q&A .
If that sounds like a sales pitch , it is .
I 'm not affiliated with Outflopped.com in any way , shape , or form ; but I do have an ulterior ( and selfish ) motive here .
I want Outflopped.com to succeed because I ask and answer dozens of poker - related questions a month , and Outflopped provides a formal and user - friendly mechanism for airing and resolving poker - related questions in a way that makes them easy to ask , easy to answer , easy to search for , and easy to link to .
It 's a resource I want , and it's a resource you should want .
It 's like ...
A giant candy store full of all the unanswered questions you always wondered about but never bothered to ask .
Oh , and the candy is 100 % free .
If you can dream it up , and if it 's relevant to poker , you can ask it .
I know from experience how well the Outflopped.com discussion format works in other domains , like programming , and ever since StackOverflow.com went public I 've been thinking somebody should do this for poker .
Although traditional forums like Two Plus Two and PokerAI.org will remain the source for hard - hitting up - to - the - minute poker information — because that 's what the traditional forum format encourages —
Outflopped.com provides a different and complementary service .
Outflopped.com allows you to ask questions about poker without getting sniped at by a twelve - ring circus of demented leprechauns cartwheeling from the trees in crotch - hugging leotards and homemade Superman capes .
You can ask a simple question or an obscure question without getting carpet - bombed and projectile - vomited into shag - carpeted oblivion with snarky rejoinders .
without getting sniped at by a twelve - ring circus of demented leprechauns cartwheeling from the trees in crotch - hugging leotards and homemade Superman capes .
You can ask a simple question or an obscure question without getting carpet - bombed and projectile - vomited into shag - carpeted oblivion with snarky rejoinders .
Outflopped.com rewards you for answering ( and asking ) questions with an engaging reputation system based on points , badges , and abilitites ( such as the ability to edit other people 's questions ) .
with an engaging reputation system based on points , badges , and abilitites ( such as the ability to edit other people 's questions ) .
Outflopped.com does n't force you to register or sign up for an account unless you want to and until you 're ready .
unless you want to and until you 're ready .
Outflopped.com organizes questions into distinct keywords giving you a clean way to see all questions on a particular topic .
giving you a clean way to see all questions on a particular topic .
Outflopped.com exposes all questions and keywords via RSS allowing you to see new questions / answers as they roll in .
So I was happy when I got an email , a few months back , informing me that Outflopped.com was going live .
Finally !
The StackExchange model has been applied to many , many , many walks of life , from business travel to video gaming , but I think it 's particularly well suited to poker .
Poker inspires a freakishly large number of questions , some of which are complex and nuanced , almost all of which are helpful to people other than the person asking the question .
Outflopped.com provides a pipeline for those questions , which would otherwise swamp a typical forum , where many questions ( especially simple or off - topic ones ) are regarded as " noise " and a violation of RTFM or RTFFAQ anyway .
I liked the format so much I left my hermit cave and signed up for an account .
And even though , as always , I stand before you today beholden to no human corkdangler , and even though I have zero connection with or vested interest in the site , I 'm hoping you 'll do the same .
Because of all the questions I 'd like to see asked on Outflopped.com ...
Where the hell is everybody ?
... isn't one of them .
So stop by , say hello , unburden yourself of those burning questions , contribute some of that hard - won wisdom and studied technique , complete the circle , improvise , adapt to the environment , Darwin , shit happens , I Ching , whatever man , we gotta roll with it , before plunging back out into the poker wilderness to do battle with those pesky - but - profitable Rush Poker heathens .
And I 'll see you there .
Lookin ' like a fool , perchance , with your pants on the ground ?
[ Disclaimer : Needless to say , I 'm not employed by or affiliated with Outflopped.com .
I 'm recommending it ( Outflopped.com ) because it 's a useful site based on the Stackoverflow / StackExchange format of which I 've been a long - time fan . ]
Part of the benefit of being in a network like SBNation is that we get some opportunities that a lot of other bloggers and writers might not get .
One of those is that sometimes we can get interviews with players and prospects of your team .
Some of those opportunities have started to come my way lately , but as with many things you have to start small .
That 's why we 've just started breaking into some of the Major Junior leagues to get player interviews .
I realized something though when I started seeing these chances come in , and that 's the fact that I know nothing about junior hockey .
I know that they play hockey .
That 's really about it .
Here in Arizona we do n't get a whole lot of exposure to that area of the game .
I also figured I was n't the only one that had no idea what Junior Hockey was all about .
In an effort to educate all of us Junior deprived fans , I got an interview ( with help from Derek Zona of Copper & Blue ) with the Western Hockey League 's ( WHL ) Manager of Player Development and Recruitment , Tyler Boldt , to talk anything and everything Junior Hockey .
It 's a pretty long interview , but I learned a ton about how juniors work and hopefully you will too .
The quick highlights are that the WHL provides an astounding 21 % of all the NHL 's players ( See complete list here ) including our own Shane Doan who played for , and now owns part of , the Kamloops Blazers .
Another important thing to read about is the amazing education opportunities that many do n't realize these kids get .
So read on for the entire interview .
Travis Hair :
Here in the United States we have a pretty clear idea of how the progression for kids to get into pro sports works for baseball , basketball and football in that they play little league , go to high school , usually go to college and then get drafted from there .
Can you explain how the process is different for hockey when kids go through juniors ?
Tyler Boldt : Sure , for us in the Western Hockey League we 're obviously the Western Provinces and then everything west of Minnesota down to Texas .
The progression basically works the same in both countries where players will play in their minor hockey leagues , whether that 's midgets or bantams .
From there we have the WHL bantam draft , which takes place when the players are 15 years old .
It works the same way as the NHL draft , obviously not the same media attention , but the same round by round procedure where all the 15 year old players that are wanted are picked team by team .
You can start playing in the league when you 're 16 , and play right through until you 're 20 , so 5 years .
Then if you 're a blue chip prospect you get picked by an NHL team when you 're 17 or 18 and sign shortly thereafter .
Then start playing in the NHL or go through the minor pro leagues like the AHL .
Hair :
So how does it work for a kid who 's 17 or 18 that gets drafted by an NHL team that comes to camp at the beginning of the season ?
Typically they come to camp and do n't make the team right away and we return them to their WHL team .
Is there a difference between prospects that have been drafted and the other players ?
Boldt :
There 's really very little difference , other than skill level , between the guys that get returned and the other guys on the team .
For players that get drafted into the NHL , nothing changes in terms of their status in our league .
For instance if a guy got drafted when he was 17 the team would have his rights for two years while he tries to make the team and get a pro contract .
If they do n't sign him in those two years then the team would just continue to scout him while he comes back and continues to play .
What we usually see is that once they play their 19 year old season , either they 'll sign their entry level deal and go to the NHL , or more likely AHL , or if they do n't sign then they 'll just come back as a free agent and play their 20 year old season .
Hair :
But once they do sign their entry level deal they can no longer play in junior ?
Boldt : Nope , nope .
They 're still eligible to play for us .
For example , Josh Gorges , who went to San Jose 's camp as a free agent when he was 18 and they signed him right out of camp , but he still came back and played for Kelowna for a couple more years after .
You can play in the WHL under an NHL contract .
Hair :
What about how life works for the kids in your league ?
A lot of them are 16 , 17 years old , still high school age .
How does education work for those guys ?
Boldt : Yeah , they 're still in high school full time .
There 's an expectation that they graduate on time , with good marks .
Each team in our league has an individual education adviser that works in the school .
The guys attend regular classes , they do n't have their own classes or anything like that .
They do have an individual team adviser though that helps them make sure they 're choosing the right classes .
The big thing with parents too is making sure that these classes will transfer back to the players ' home high school .
So the education adviser is working closely with each player to make sure they 've got the right courses and the time table works .
On the actual marks side of things we actually have , a co-worker of mine who 's the Director of Education Services , Jim Donlevy .
He works with each individual adviser and we watch transcripts of each kid and we make sure everyone is online to graduate on time .
So we expect them to graduate at the end of their grade 12 year , if not before , and their expected to at least retain the grades they come into the league with and if they begin slipping they 'll get a little pat on the back to make sure they keep working on it .
Hair :
The WHL is obviously the Western Hockey League is Western Canada , but what are the other leagues up in Canada ?
Boldt :
There 's the WHL and then you 've got the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) which is Ontario and then a few teams in the States .
Two in Michigan and one in Erie Pennsylvania .
And then there 's the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) which is in Quebec and the Maritime provinces as well as one team in Maine .
The three leagues make up the Canadian Hockey League ( CHL )
Hair :
How many teams then is that in the CHL ?
Boldt :
There are 60 total teams , but we do n't all play each other in league play .
The WHL plays the team in its own league and then the individual league champions meet each year at the Memorial Cup , which is the CHL Championship .
Hair : So It 's a fairly large number of kids then that are playing Major Junior hockey ?
Boldt : Absolutely , stretching across coast - to - coast .
Each of the leagues operate independently , with their own constitutions and their own guidelines , but there is a general set of rules set by the CHL that we all follow .
Hair :
To tie that back into the education questions , when you 've got that many kids , obviously they are n't all going to make it to the NHL .
How do the leagues help them if they want to go to college , or transition into a life after hockey ?
Boldt :
One thing we think makes the WHL unique is that it 's the number one league to get kids ready for professional hockey .
But besides that is our post - secondary scholarship program .
How that works is that for each year that you play in the league you get one year books and tuition to a post secondary institution .
So for a kid , or a player like myself , I played in the league from when I was 16 until I was 20 years old , the full 5 years .
I did n't really have any professional teams that were really super interested in me other than some tryouts , so instead I went to school .
I went for 4 and a half years , and I could have gone for 5 .
Fully paid for books included .
That 's how we set our guys up , because like you said , the competition is so intense .
I think there have been studies on the actual percentage of kids that actually make it .
So what this does is it 's more or less a plan B .
If you do n't make it to pros , then you get your school paid for .
It amazing , our teams spend millions and our league spends more than a million every year just for the scholarship program .
Hair : I 've got some other questions sent in by readers that I 'll try and put in some logical order here .
First , were do the players live when they come to play for your teams ?
Boldt : Each kid would be billeted with a family in the town where they 'll be playing .
Each team has a billet coordinator that works around town finding families involved .
For young players like rookies and high schoolers , they 'll be paired with a roommate , another player on the team , and they 'll live with a family .
All the players go to the same high school so they 're all in the same area .
The families get paid by the club to make sure that the players are getting fed and all that kind of stuff .
Hair :
Some of the other bloggers on the network have talked to college programs about why going that route was a better choice in their opinion .
So I 'll kind of turn that question around , what are the benefits of going through juniors rather than maybe to college right away ?
Boldt : I wo n't comment directly on the college programs , but I 'll outline a few major points about us .
In our league we play a 72 game schedule from September to March and then playoffs after that .
So we believe that sets up our guys that are looking to play professionally to be ready for a longer schedule .
And with a frequent practices on your days off and play 3 days a week .
We think that really suits players that are looking to play professionally .
As well , the coaching in our league .
In our league we have 22 teams , 9 of which have head coaches with extensive NHL experience .
We think that sets us apart from most leagues .
We just actually did a press release that stated 21 % of the NHL came directly from the WHL .
So if you think of the grand scheme of things that 's 1 in 5 of the NHL players come from our league .
So we think the coaching in the league as well as the developmental atmosphere best suits the guys to play in the NHL .
And then as well when you combine that with the scholarship program we talked about they still get that college education if it 's something they want to do .
Those are just the big reasons , I could talk at you for hours about what makes our league so good .
Those are the major points though , top end facilities , coaching the schedule and the scholarships are what really set us apart .
Hair :
How do teams go about finding the players that they want to pick for their teams ?
With all the Midget and Bantam teams in Western Canada and the United States that has to be a huge undertaking .
With how many kids are drafted that has to be a lot to go to all these rinks scouting trying to find the kids you want to pick .
Boldt : I 'll tell you what , our teams have very extensive scouting teams that go to Manitoba , British Columbia and the provinces as well as down into the United States .
They do exactly what you say .
They go to a ton of rinks .
It 's amazing just how much hockey those guys watch .
We 're coming up to the Bantam Draft here at the end of April .
Coming up to that date , each of the four Western Provinces will hold a camp for draft eligible players .
Obviously our scouts will be sent to each of those camps .
Then April 9th to 11th we 're holding a United States camp in Anaheim and so that gets a lot of top end U.S born players and that gives all our staff a good weekend to see the players .
Aside from that though all it is a ton of hard work by our staffs working all over Western North America .
Our scouts get a lot of little tournaments and things to go to , but a lot of the work is just going to individual games from Arizona , Dallas , Denver and then to Minnesota , Washington and the Provinces .
It 's just an amazing amount of work put in by our scouts and our staffs .
Hair :
All of your players receive stipends .
How much do the players get ?
Is it just enough to kick around town ?
Or is it a substantial amount ?
Boldt : [ laughing ]
It 's about enough to go to the movies once a week .
The amount changes year by year .
A 16 year old player gets $ 160 a month .
So they get 80 dollar checks every 2 weeks less taxes .
And then it goes up so that by the time you 're 19 you get $ 240 a month .
Basically we call it an allowance because it 's really just enough money so that the players are n't bugging their parents for money too much .
So they 're not really making any money .
Hair :
Well with them not really making much money , how do you handle player injuries ?
It 's hockey and they 're trying to learn the NHL game , injuries happen .
How to teams handle the healthcare of the guys ?
Boldt : Everything is fully covered through Hockey Canada ( the US has a similar program through USA Hockey ) everybody is fully insured for absolutely everything .
That includes dental and as well as any other injuries that they get .
Obviously we also have a full time training staff for every team that takes care of things .
Each team also has the team dentist and team doctor that they have in town to help any time there 's an injury .
Cost wise it does n't cost our players a dime for any of the injuries .
Whether it's a broken bone or a torn ligament or a lost tooth , nobody pays a dime for anything .
Then they 're worked on by the staff specifically set up for the team so when the guys need an x-ray or an MRI they can get them right away .
Same for the kids coming from U.S. markets , they do n't pay a dime for their medical care .
Hair : Another reader question here .
When rule changes happen in the NHL , like adding the trapezoid to limit goalie movement , do the Junior leagues also alter their rules to better prepare the players ?
Boldt : Absolutely .
We follow just about every NHL rule change that comes through .
We 're under that obstruction memorandum right now , which calls an awful lot of hooking penalties now .
Our rink dimensions are the same as the NHL , with the exception of a couple of our rinks .
We do though have a no - touch icing which is one difference , but we do have the delay of game penalty when a guy shoots the puck over the glass from his own end .
We follow the icing restrictions where you can't change when your team has iced the puck .
So we do follow the NHL rules as close as we can .
Like you said , for the exact reason of preparing our players for the NHL .
We also follow the same overtime format and the same playoff format .
Hair :
So when we talked about the Memorial Cup earlier , that 's not the only playoff ?
Each league has its own playoffs and champion from those ?
Boldt :
Oh yeah .
When we talk about the Memorial Cup , a lot of sports people say it's one of the hardest trophies to win because not only do you have to play four rounds in your own league , but then another week and a half long tournament with the other league champions to get the Memorial Cup .
Hair :
So it 's the three league champions as well as the host city 's team is that right ?
Boldt : Yep .
This year it 's Brandon , Manitoba hosting it .
They 're a WHL franchise and they 're hosting it for the first time in a real long time .
So they 'll host and then each league will have a representative .
Hair : Okay , one last question , though it might be a long one .
How exactly do trades and transfers work in your league ?
Boldt :
All trades will be within the same league , unless there 's some sort of extenuating circumstances .
But generally we just stay within our league .
You can trade a player for a player or a player for draft picks .
It works pretty similar to any of your other professional leagues .
When we 're dealing with school - age kids though , teams are as respectful as possible .
There are some times where school age guys are traded , but again teams try to be respectful of players that are in school and the younger players you do n't want to move around too much .
The clubs though do have the freedom to , for the most part , to make any transactions they need to .
Hair :
So the sense that I 'm getting then is that while the teams in the league are a business and want to make money , the bigger issue is that they want to make sure that they 're taking responsibility for the kids get getting them ready to play professionally .
Is that pretty accurate ?
Boldt : Absolutely .
There is outside competition between teams for players .
Both between leagues and internal competition in the league between the teams to get the players they want .
So wants to be known as a team that prepares players and treats them respectfully , doing things right for both the players and the team .
If a team does n't think a player is a good fit , they do what they can to make that player happy .
In the end the track record of players that used to play for your team are the best recruiting tools .
That 's , like with college recruiting , why you see the teams that are perpetually better than other teams because of their track record .
So in our league teams do their best to treat players well because when it comes down to recruiting you want to have those stories .
You want to limit bad press , which fortunately our teams do n't really get any of that .
So a lot of it comes down to recruiting and wanting to set themselves up for that .
I 'd like to thank Tyler for taking the time to talk to me and teach me a bit about the WHL .
If you have more questions drop a comment or an email and if we have enough we 'll run another Q&A with your questions .
You 'd have to question the wisdom of those in charge of the Guardian sports section .
Each week they hand over the keys to this here prime piece of real estate to a man who wo n't get to do any building on it done until late on a Thursday night , after he 's already been on stage for a couple of hours and has then drunk off the adrenaline .
It 's only at this point that attention gets turned to the major sporting issues of the day .
This is not the time to be making good decisions , after all .
And that would explain that while my head is saying , " Write the kind - hearted , gently funny piece about the Winter Olympics ! " , my heart is screaming , " No , do the piece you 'd really enjoy ; the one with the headline ' What is the conspiracy of silence about Steven Gerrard 's inner ear problems ? ' "
This would be the piece that wonders why the British sports media are so shy to point out that the Liverpool captain has the tendency , in the latter stages of a match , in the deeper recess of the opposition 's half , and at moments of great need , to lose his balance .
I believe the term used is " went down easily " .
This is harsh , though , as whenever he goes down , even as he falls , his arms are already outstretched , as if to say " Why me ?
Why must I be the victim of this terrible inner ear problem ?
What redress can I get for this terrible affliction to my cochlear canals ?
A free - kick maybe ? "
Obviously there is n't anything more to it than that , what with English players being " too honest " to dive ( copyright : John Terry ) .
And for the record ; Cesc Fábregas handled the ball .
Deliberately .
Saw it coming , did n't want it to go in the net , stopped it with his hand .
Shame on him .
Shame .
So let 's move on to the Winter Olympics , shall we ?
Forty kinds of sliding !
An entire global sporting festival based on the absence of friction !
Albeit one with no snow !
I say global event .
Obviously , even the quadrennial winter sports devotee like myself has to admit , the Winter Olympics is probably the Biggest Thing in the world which is n't actually a Big Thing .
It must drive devotees of golf , say , or cricket , crazy to see the kind of marginal stuff that makes the cut in the Winter Olympics , when they can't get a sniff of the summer Games .
This is n't the most interesting thing about them , though .
No , what makes the Winter Olympics compelling is the bizarre and unique culture clash at its heart .
For many years , snowy sports were the preserve of the central European set , the Gstaad crowd .
It was Mittel - European aristos and 70s socialites .
It was like the Olympics for David Niven and Roger Moore , with Alan Whicker doing the commentary .
" And the winner of the Grand Slalom is … Baron von Frühstuck III ! "
That sort of thing .
Then the x - treme sports crowd moved in .
It was all half - pipes and 720s .
Suddenly the anthems being played during the medal ceremonies were by Nirvana and the air had taken a distinctly herbal smell .
Now , the Winter Olympics is like some sort of crazy buddy movie .
He 's … the stuck - in - the - mud Swiss blueblood with the downhill skis !
And he's … the stoner dude who wo n't play by the rules !
How can they possibly get along ?
Very well , actually .
Nothing works better with the munchies than some melted cheese .
Hence the easy coexistence of marijuana and fondue .
There may be some lessons , though , in how the events themselves have changed in the new era .
Essentially , the big innovation has been to take stuff that used to be against the clock and make it head - to - head .
Hence the ski cross and the short - track speed skating .
In each , a previously purist sport has been improved by the simple addition of a handful of other competitors under the same starter 's gun .
Where once the course was clear and technique was king , now the elbows are flying .
What a model it would make for the summer Games .
This is the dream .
A summer Olympics where the show - jumpers leave six at a time and nudge each other into the walls , hooves flying .
Where the asymmetric bars have a queue .
And as the starter 's gun fires , a hushed stadium watches , open - mouthed , as four pole - vaulters set off down the runway , sticks aloft .
As they build up speed , their eyes focus on the one small hole in front of them .
Who will get there first ?
Melted cheese anyone ?
New York Based .
Nationally Active .
A grassroots organization established in 2000 dedicated to advancing and protecting the interests of adults who choose to smoke cigarettes or enjoy other forms of tobacco or use electronic cigarettes .
Our goal is to end the discrimination against smokers by exposing the anti-smoking lies .
" The sensitive person 's veto was born in the anti-smoking campaign and has spread to other fields . "
John Leo , Dec. 2001
* ACTION ALERT *
PUBLIC HOUSING SMOKING BAN
( posted May 19 , 2018 / updated July 23 , 2018 )
Maybe you 've found C.L.A.S.H. because you are a person who lives in any of the public housing complexes across the country and have received notice that you will be forced outside of your private apartment because the U.S. Dept. of Housing has dictated that smoking ( cigarettes , cigars , hookahs , electronic cigarettes ) will be banned inside your home effective July 31 , 2018 ( or sooner at the will of each local Public Housing Authority ) .
So in your anger and frustration you have searched for help and discovered C.L.A.S.H .
Whether you are a directly affected resident or someone who simply , and rightfully , finds this intrusion into private homes by a federal agency to be one of the most egregious assaults on and threat to everyone 's fundamental right to privacy to engage in a legal activity within the confines of one 's own home , know that C.L.A.S.H. is fully aware of the situation and has been since C.L.A.S.H. objected to it when HUD first proposed it at the end of 2015 .
C.L.A.S.H. agrees that HUD 's rule is fraught with serious constitutional questions .
To quote the editorial board of the NY Observer who wrote at the time : " It may be the most far - reaching , intrusive and over - reaching executive order of the entire Obama administration . "
That is why C.L.A.S.H. has filed a lawsuit challenging this rule .
C.L.A.S.H. receives no funding from any industry .
It survives on the kindness of private citizens who donate their nickels and dimes .
It 's barely enough to cover the cost of maintaining this web site .
To find out more about the details of this lawsuit and to please help us help you by contributing to the legal fund ( every dollar counts ! ) visit our PRIVACY IN THE HOME LEGAL FUND page ... and then share it far and wide .
Today it 's smoking in public housing apartments .
Tomorrow it 's a state law in apartments in privately owned buildings and homes .
The day after that it's no beer drinking ( creates rowdy drunken behavior ) , no peanuts ( the dust will attack allergic children in the next apartment ) and anything else government wants to conquer next after slaying their demon du jour .
This is not about smoking or whether or not you like it .
This is about keeping the idea that anything traditionally legally used in the home can be banned from taking root .
Thank you !
WEAR A T- SHIRT & MAKE A STATEMENT
It 's the perfect message to show the anti-smokers that you will not be intimidated .
No amount of harassment will stop you from enjoying your cigarette .
SM
KING
SECTION
T- Shirts come only in white with black lettering .
Sizes are M - L - XL
T-SHIRTS CAN BE PURCHASED FOR $ 17 ( including shipping ) .
( In Conjunction With OPERATION TAKE BACK )
COMMEMORATE FREEDOM WITH A MUG
You can REQUEST to receive a coffee mug for every donation of $ 30 ( includes $ 5 for shipping ) or more .
( $ 60 will get you two mugs , etc. , but you must specify that you expect a mug(s )
or else it will be assumed that you are simply making a donation
since we 've experienced such kindness in the past . )
Both Sides of the Mug are Shown Here
IF YOU FEEL INCLINED TO DONATE MORE THAN THE REQUESTED AMOUNT OF AN ITEM
IT WILL BE GRATEFULLY ACCEPTED
Make Check or Money Order Payable To : NYC C.L.A.S.H. Mail To : NYC C.L.A.S.H. P.O. Box 1036 Brooklyn , New York 11234
Some people wish to donate and do n't want anything in return .
But if you are requesting an item you 're entitled to with your donation , please remember to specify which item and : T - Shirt : Number of shirt (s ) and the size (s )
Mug : Number of mugs Credit Card
Make your payment using the safe and secure PayPal method For T - SHIRT ( S ) ( click on the button to begin ) Review instructions below For COFFEE MUG( S ) ( click on the button to begin ) Review instructions below Some people wish to donate and do n't want anything in return .
If so , do n't note anything in the note section provided ( other than any personal thoughts you 'd like to include ) .
But if you are requesting an item you 're entitled to with your donation , please remember to : 1 . Specify in the note section either " T - Shirt " or " Mug . " 2 . T - Shirts : Include the number of shirt (s ) you are ordering and the sizes (s ) 3 . Mugs : Include the number of mugs
Become a Member
Please join NYC C.L.A.S.H .
Click here to submit membership form .
I f you have trouble with our membership form , simply email us and provide your name , city , state and email address
We do NOT share your private information with third parties .
NYC C.L.A.S.H. is a grassroots organization .
There are no membership fees .
Donations are gratefully accepted .
As a member you will be alerted to smoking - related news and activities in New York and elsewhere .
Suggestions will be included as to how you may assist in trying to defeat these anti-smoking campaigns .
Becoming a member simply adds your name to the growing number of individuals who are tired of being treated as second - class citizens and who are willing to speak out against excessive restrictions .
Individually we are not being heard .
Acting as a group will force those in office to take our concerns into consideration just as the anti-smoking groups have had their concerns addressed to our detriment in the past .
Silence is interpreted as agreement and the willingness to bend .
I think we have bent far enough .
It 's time to have our voices heard loud and clear .
That endeavor is best accomplished as a group that stands together .
We invite nonsmokers to participate also .
It is not only about the imposition of will on smokers but what that may ( and has already begun to ) lead to .... those who believe they are more morally correct in their views forcing others to behave by their standards in all areas of life choices .
Do you like your beer ?
Your steak ?
Your SUV ?
Wearing perfume or cologne ?
Be forewarned that the nannies have you in their sights already .
If you believe in freedom of choice then it is in your interest to assist in alleviating the pressure being applied to smoking so that an activity you enjoy will not be so easily targeted next .
Twenty - five percent of the nation smokes , seventy - three percent are nonsmokers ( those who are willing to compromise or do not care that others smoke around them ) and the other two percent are the self - righteous , morally imposing anti-smoking zealots .
Ninety - eight percent of the population are in agreement that in all areas of life - style choices , everyone should be accommodated and should enjoy the right to be left alone .
Freedom is not a matter of popularity .
The true measure of our society is how we protect the freedoms of the minority .
( Note : Joining the Facebook Group is NOT a substitution for membership to C.L.A.S.H. )
Contact us at nycclash@nycclash.com
Phone : 1-917-888-9317
Or Write To :
NYC C.L.A.S.H .
P.O. Box 1036
Brooklyn , New York 11234
Founder : Audrey Silk
http://www.nycclash.com
It would be cool if the Ubuntu One acted kind of like other software with Ubuntu where you could add other ' repositories ' or music stores and access them from one hub .
And when they say ' downloaded 3 times ' will it still be treated as a normal mp3 that you could download more than once in the case you lost everything or like the ' old ' iTunes DRM that you had to activate computers and was a pain ?
When asked by his teacher to write to a contemporary artist as part of a school project in 1997 , 13 - year - old Green Day fan Austin Kleon immediately opted to contact collage artist Winston Smith – the man responsible for creating the artwork for the band ’s 1995 album , Insomniac – and after finding his address via a gallery curator , Austin sent his letter to the artist and hoped for the best .
A few months later when nearly all hope was lost , the stunning 14 - page reply seen below , along with pages and pages of artwork , arrived at the teenager ’s home .
He was ecstatic :
To me , it was the equivalent of Rilke writing back to the young poet .
He told me about his life and his methods .
He urged me to always question authority , stay away from drugs , and keep getting straight As so one day I could pay the bills .
( An artist — a real artist ! — was telling me it was okay to get straight As ! )
I ’d never heard anybody talk about the kind of things he wrote about — art , America , growing up in a small - town — it was like a time - bomb that went off in my brain .
Naturally the 13 - year - old replied and to this day – 13 years later – they still correspond .
Austin Kleon is now an artist and writer .
Enormous thanks to both Austin , whose fantastic work can be seen at his website , and Winston Smith himself , whose stunning artwork can be viewed at his site .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
7 March , 1997
Hiya Austin !
Thanks for the cool letter .
Sorry for the delay in writting back but I ’ve finally got time to sit and scribble , so here goes :
That ’s good that you ’re a straight - A student .
That will come in handy later in life for little things like earning a living and other luxeries like food and shelter .
Unfortunately I can speak from bitter experience .
I was a straight - F student and I ’ve been broke most of my life ( as a result ) .
So keep up the good work pal .
Actually — a couple times I got D’s or even a D+.
They let me have that just because I occasionally turned in my homework .
I used to wish I had a dog just so I could blame him for eating my homework ( — a lie most teachers never bought anyway . )
I guess I could have rented a dog and then feed him my homework — but it was cheaper just to not do the homework in the first place .
The result was I never finished High School and , having no education or marketable skills , I was forced to become an artist .
That ’s a really cool name for your band “ Insult to Injury ” .
It covers two of my favourite things .
( to do , not to get . )
Yeah , I saw Kathy Spiering just a couple days ago and told her I ’d heard from you .
She was busy setting up a show — an art exhibit .
She wanted me to add some pieces to it .
The web site ( Cyborganic ) is pretty extensive — if you get to a certain part there are about a dozen or so pictures .
At least that ’s how it used to be .
I ’ve only seen it 2 or 3 times .
There ’s also a pretty long article in an internet magazine called “ Addicted to Noise ” .
I do n’t know how to locate it but I reckon it wo n’t be too hard to find on the internet .
It also features “ movies ” — kinda .
Short kinetic clips from a stop-action animation I did for a Green Day video for European MTV .
By the way — if you want to order my book you can call Last Gasp ( the publisher ) .
I think it ’s $ 25 plus shipping — probably $ 3 or $ 4 — so about 28 or 29 total .
Their number is toll free — 1-800-848-4277 .
I do n’t have any spares around or I ’d send you one .
But I will send you stuff not in the book .
So as for your questions :
1 . My collages have a 50’s look to them because most of my source material is from war - time and post war era magazines — 1940 ’s to late 50’s .
That was the period of lush , exagerated color illustration .
Then in the late 60 ’s color fotografy took over and the rich color illustrations faded from use .
Too bad .
( so if you ever come across a nice stash of 1940 ’s to mid 1950 ’s Life magazines or Saturday Evening Post , etc , and you can get ’em cheap $ 2 each or less let me know and I ’ll buy them from you .
I ’m always on the look out for new ( old ) stuff .
A friend of mine is sending me a set of old mags from the late 40’s all about the future — all the cool stuff we going to have “ in the future ” , like flying cars and picture - fones and mom bringing the groceries home in her own private Whirly - Bird ( helicopter ) .
It never happened , did it ?
Instead people drive the same bent - up cars ( with gasoline costing ten times more ) to the same lousy jobs ( where they have to work twice as hard for half as much money ) and their kids ride to school on the same old yellow school bus they rode 30 years before .
That ’s the American Dream .
As you can probably tell , I have kind of a cynical attitude about the future — and the present .
I had no idea there was even going to be a future .
I was 10 years old durring the Cuban Missile Crisis ( 1962 ) and I had a flashlight and a bag of M+M ’s and a transistor radio packed up in a little bag so in case World War III happened I could go hide in the sewer .
( I even used the threat of World War III as an excuse not to do my home work .
I told that teacher that since the world was going to end anyway then what ’s the point of wasting time on homework ?
— she did n’t buy that either .
And she seemed disturbed that I pointed out this rather obvious point in front of the whole class .
Yeah , if I ’d known I was going to be around this long I would have taken better care of myself .
So drive safely and do n’t abuse alcohol , drugs or candy .
There ’ll be plenty of opportunity for that later .
Question / Answer # 2 : I do n’t care much for music as I ’m too visually oriented to pay much attention to music .
And I do n’t watch TV at all .
I stopped that when I was 16 or 17 .
Television is bubble gum for the brain .
It ’s the most dangerous drug in the world — worse here in America than anywhere else , but the rest of the world is fast catching up .
And unfortunately I do see papers — most mainstream papers are owned by corporations that control what ’s printed in them so they are largely useless .
I think it was Thomas Jefferson who noted that the more one reads newspapers the less one is informed .
( in our day it would be : the more one is mis-informed . )
So papers are a bit of my inspiration .
More information is available from non-corporate sourse — such as lefty mags like “ The Nation ” or “ In These Times ” or “ The Progressive ” & “ Utne Reader ” — to name but a few .
But actually most of my inspiration comes from my own sick mind and my own bizare personal experiences .
Lots of my work is largely meaningless ( outside of that which is clearly social satire or political satire )
So much of it is just interesting new arrangements of images that may iether be funny , pretty or just weird .
3 . The seamlessness ?
That ’s tough .
I just cut as carefully as possible .
It takes lots of time .
( keeps me out of trouble … )
And I try my best to match up images that will be in proper proportion with each other .
That is very time consuming , locating them and sorting through them .
# 4 : My history — well — I grew up in the middle of nowhere — in Oklahoma , you ’re lucky , you live in Circleville .
I lived in Squaresville .
So when I turned 17 I split .
I flipped to Italy and studied art and remained there for over 6 years .
When I returned to America I hitch - hiked out to San Francisco ( only because the only person I knew in America happened to live in California ) .
Then for a couple of years ( 1976 - 1977 )
I was a roadie for different Bay Area bands like Santana , Journey , Tower of Power , The Tubes , Quick Silver Messenger Service , and other washed - up nobodies .
Then the punk scene began to rear its ugly head and I started making posters for bands — some did n’t even exist .
I just made them up as a joke to illustrate my particular style of art .
Then I met up with Biafra and Dead Kennedys and the rest is history .
( or mystery . )
Question # 5 : My art — well , like I say , try to order my book and also in about 3 months ( I hope ) there will be a second book out that I ’m working on right now .
It ’s called , “ Been wrong so long it looks right to me ” .
I ’ve also got some other LP art out there an stuff in various magazines .
I do a thing each month for the last year or so in Spin Magazine .
It ’s an illustration for a monthly editorial page called Topspin . ( usually page 14 or 18 ) .
Your discription of the “ Insult to Injury ” record cover is great .
While reading it I got an image in my head and then saw your sketch and it was exactly the same .
I was imagining this poor beat - up , tired - out rat staring blankly out the window as the wreking ball is just about to hit his only shelter , and the rat ’s thinking —
” Oh swell , I had a really crappy day and now this . ”
I know the feeling .
The wierd thing is — I know I do n’t have any images of a wrecking ball and crane — I showed your sketch to my girlfriend and she liked it too .
But a day later I was going through a magazine when I was waiting for Kathy Spiering to hang my artwork for her show at this cyber cafe and guess what I found : — yep — a wrecking ball .
Too wierd , huh ?
“ There are no coincidences . ”
So I ’ll do my best to cook up a piece that resembles your idea .
Now I gotta locate a rat .
I can do that .
I like rats .
Enclosed are some recent pieces I did plus some old things .
There ’s a ( slightly trimmed ) better color version of the Green Day LP cover .
Its original title is : God Told Me To Skin You Alive .
Speaking of Green Day — I was sitting in a pizza joint in Oakland with a friend not too long ago when this guy with green hair came up and kissed me !
— I looked up in shock and realized it was Tre ( the drummer in the band who I ’ve known since he was about your age — and now he ’s a millionaire , so keep practicing your music ! )
I had n’t seen him since I visited backstage in Florence , Italy when we all happened to be in Italy at the same time .
He said they have 30 new songs and may be doing a new record very soon .
Tre ’s a good egg , as are Bill and Mike .
Mike ’s wife just had a baby .
They all have kids now .
Also enclosed is a ( kinda long ) interview w/ me that just came out in a punk ‘ zine called “ All The Answers ” out of Arizona .
The guy who wrote it up spells worse than I do and he left out quotation marks that would make it much clearer , but it ’s ok .
Like I say , I ’ll try to come up with some good imagery so you and your band can use it as a poster or ( maybe ) even a CD cover .
So I ’ve looked about for stuff that might help on your project for the art class .
This is probably too much to use but you can sort through it and pick out what will work .
By the way — it may take me quite some time to get finishing that CD cover so I hope it ’s nothing you need right away .
I ’ve got some projects coming up I have to work on so sit tight .
I ’ll eventually get round to it .
Ok pal , hang in there .
Keep up the straight - A’s and always think for yourself .
Good luck on the art class project — let me know how it turns out .
Do n’t get lost or killed .
And remember , you can lead a horse to water but a pencil must be lead .
Cheers !
Winston
What people reveal on Facebook says a lot about them .
It also says a lot about our culture .
When news broke this fall that male students at the University of Sydney had created a “ pro-rape ” Facebook group , it broke the silence around the culture of sexual assault and rape that for years has been allowed to fester on that campus and at many other Australian universities .
The group has been removed from Facebook , and the controversy around it has subsided .
But the culture that condones all kinds of sexual misconduct against women continues to thrive on college campuses across the Western world .
I wish I could say that the news from Sydney surprised me , but it did n’t .
Sydney is my hometown , and I know several young men who joined exclusive residential colleges like St. Paul ’s , a stately cluster of buildings separated from the rest of the University of Sydney campus by high walls and green lawns .
These men had graduated from Sydney ’s best and most expensive private boys ’ high schools .
In my interactions with them – I confess I dated one or two – I was appalled by what I saw : a culture in which sexism , racism , and homophobia were rampant , and where class privilege and an almost laughable sense of male superiority combined to make women like me feel deeply uncomfortable .
On their own , most of these young men were lovely .
When they got together , something truly awful was created .
En masse , the way these young men talked about women , about women ’s bodies , and about sex could have been lifted from Tom Wolfe ’s highly unflattering depiction of fraternity brothers in “ I Am Charlotte Simmons . ”
On one occasion , one of my boyfriend ’s friends , drunk on the booze he had smuggled into a school dance , saw fit to explain to my boyfriend , in explicit detail , exactly what he liked about my breasts – as I sat opposite him , speechless with disbelief and discomfort .
So when I heard that members of St. Paul ’s college had created a “ pro-rape ” Facebook group , my initial reaction was n’t surprise or shock , but sadness .
I was saddened by just how little shock I felt .
In Australia , we ’ve become accustomed to hearing about young privileged men “ behaving badly . ”
A seemingly never - ending stream of alleged sexual assaults by Rugby League players in recent years – and the tendency for coaches and fan communities to defend those players to the hilt – has apparently set a powerful precedent :
When you ’re young , rich , and important , there ’s very little you wo n’t get away with .
How else to explain the hubris with which these young men displayed their membership in this Facebook group , a group that lauded and encouraged illegal and inhumane behavior ?
Australia ’s culture of condoning rape and protecting rapists is not unique , of course .
In the past few months alone , we ’ve seen multiple examples of that very same culture here in the US , from Roman Polanksi apologists to fraternity date - rape coverup attempts and even a crowd of spectators standing idly by as a 15 - year - old girl was gang raped at a homecoming dance .
In both countries , we ’ve become accustomed to hearing about rape almost on a daily basis , and new findings suggest that violence against women is increasingly being offered up as a form of entertainment .
The sad truth is that I was n’t that shocked by what happened at St. Paul ’s because it conformed to my expectations of what happens when young privileged men get together .
The ugly reality is that neither Australian nor American culture holds its young men to a high enough standard .
When things like this happen , we wave their actions aside with a shake of the head and a resigned sigh of “ boys will be boys . ”
We rush to their defense when a woman accuses them of sexual misconduct , putting her – her wardrobe , her sexual history – on trial instead .
We allow them to make rape jokes or to refer to particularly grueling exams or interviews as having “ raped ” them .
It should not come as a shock that the men of St. Paul ’s thought they could get away with creating a Facebook group that explicitly condoned rape .
After all , they live in a culture that implicitly does the very same thing .
The young men in question defended themselves by insisting that they had been using “ rape ” metaphorically , to describe defeating a rival team on the football field .
But at Sydney University , on college campuses here , and in the broader cultures of Australia and of the United States , rape is no metaphor , no joke .
It ’s real , and it happens alarmingly often .
We need to demand better of our young men , especially those young men who stand poised to fill positions of power and influence once they leave the forgiving bubble of the college campus .
Their humanity , and women ’s lives , depends on it .
Chloe Angyal is a writer from Sydney , Australia , who now lives in New York .
A version of this essay originally appeared at Feministing .
In a most interesting article posted by The Sports Courier , it is speculated TNA Wrestling will blast out during its first unopposed hour this Monday January 4th during the 1st Monday Night Wrestling Wars in 9 years .
Vince McMahon's WWE will be challenged by a new version of TNA , lead by former WCW President Eric Bischoff , WWE Wrestlemania and All Time Legend Hulk Hogan , TNA President Dixie Carter , and surprises they will unveil on Monday Night .
According to the article , which was written by Fred Richani and posted here ( http://thesportscourier.com/content/tsc-exclusive-huge-names-debut-tna-monday-night-special), there is a 95 % that former WWE superstar Ken " Mr. Kennedy " Anderson will make his TNA debut this Monday night .
Before you discredit this source , think about it .
Anderson has been relatively quiet .
He took some Nu-Wrestling Evolution and Hulkamania Tour international bookings , but has not popped up much , if at all stateside in a wrestling capacity .
Anderson even said on his Twitter that he was n't a free agent .
This was in response to a fan mentioning he was “ the hottest free agent in wrestling . ”
Now here comes the big surprise .
From the article :
Here 's the real bombshell .
We are told there is a 75 % chance , if not better , that former ECW owner , WWE manager / commentator , and creative genius Paul Heyman will debut for TNA on Monday night .
In fact , it is believed that he may be the first person you see on your television screen , assuming the now non-WWE contracted Shane McMahon does n't decide to take a stroll ( now that would freeze hell over ) to Orlando , Florida .
On a side note , if Heyman does debut for TNA on Monday night , it further pieces everything together .
RVD and Anderson did the Hulkamania Tour. RVD is tight with Hogan .
Heyman is loyal to Anderson and RVD .
Heyman can provide the creativity and sense that has been lacking in TNA 's booking for quite some time .
And here 's some food for thought .
Tommy Dreamer left WWE 's ECW brand .
He is actually not contracted by WWE anymore .
In fact , he can't appear on television for a major promotion until a designated 90 - day period ends .
I ask you readers this .
Who said Dreamer would go to TNA as a wrestler ?
If Heyman shocks the world Monday night , expect Dreamer to be backstage and involved in some creative / road agent capacity in the very near future ( aka a non-televised / non - active wrestling role ) .
Lastly , we were told that none of us should be surprised if Booker T returns to Raw this Monday night for WWE , as a way of Vince McMahon letting TNA know “ I wo n't acknowledge you , but I know you 're there . ”
Hulk Hogan seems to be doing what he 's said since joining TNA : I 'm shaking things up .
A government minister , not parliament , will decide on the maximum period for which people found guilty of illicit filesharing can have their accounts suspended if the Digital Economy bill becomes law .
Although the government insists that it would only implement " temporary suspension " of internet accounts of people deemed to have broken copyright law , it has not defined how long " temporary " is – and the definition does not appear in the bill now before Parliament .
Instead , the secretary of state at the Department of Business , Innovation and Skills ( DBIS ) will decide on how long it should be , based on a recommendations from the Ofcom , although the regulator 's suggestions are not binding .
Presently , the person responsible would be Lord Mandelson , who has been particularly vociferous about the need to take action against persistent illicit use of the net .
The only brake on the " temporary " suspension being of unlimited length would be the Human Rights
Act – whose applicability to internet access is untested – and the definition offered by DBIS was that " temporary suspension can't effectively mean termination of an internet connection " .
But there is no definition in the bill of what marks the legal difference between " suspension " and " termination " .
On Monday the Guardian noted that Downing Street had responded to a petition calling on it to reject plans to disconnect people found guilty of illicit file sharing by saying : " We will not terminate the accounts of infringers ... [ but ] ...
We added account suspension to the list of possible technical measures which might be considered . "
The Department of Business , Innovation and Skills ( DBIS ) on Tuesday said that " suspension " meant " temporary suspension " .
But the Open Rights Group said that this was " semantics " and that the government had simply chosen a different form of words to mean the same thing .
Asked for clarification , a DBIS spokesperson said : " Any move to using technical measures on internet connections would only be made as a last resort and only if our initial measures to deal with unlawful filesharing did not have the desired effect .
" If government decides to use technical measures the Secretary of State would be required to consider an independent report from Ofcom on whether they should be imposed , and on the most effective and proportionate measures . "
The secretary of state would then decide the upper limit for a " temporary " suspension – which the DBIS indicated would be at least a few days .
The implementation of the upper limit would then be laid before parliament in the form of an order constituting secondary legislation amending what would be the Digital Economy act .
However , an Order can not be amended by parliament ; it can only be accepted or rejected .
Any government with a working majority will be able to get an order passed – and so would be able to implement a " temporary " suspension of indeterminate length without any legislative review .
Ministers have repeatedly referred to " temporary suspension " rather than cutting off internet abusers , for example in a speech by Treasury secretary Stephen Timms on 21 January at the Oxford Media Convention .
TalkTalk , the ISP which has been most vocal in its opposition to the government plans over filesharing penalties , said on Tuesday : " The government 's latest announcement on its copyright protection proposals is nothing more than semantics .
" It is still the case that on the say - so of record labels and film studios people will have their internet connections suspended ( ie disconnected ) .
All that the Government seems to be saying is that permanent disconnection will be reserved for the very worst offenders .
But they have been saying that since day one .
There is no change .
" This is simply spin which masks the real issue .
The detection system will implicate innocent people whose connections have been hacked into .
They will still be deemed ' guilty ' and then have to prove their innocence .
" The Digital Economy Bill will give rights holders the power to act as a judge and jury , allowing them to demand that ISPs disconnect their customers without having to prove their case in a court of law .
TalkTalk is the only major ISP that has said it will simply refuse to do this and will fight its case in every court in the land and in Europe if it has to .
" The proposed copyright protection measures are utterly futile .
Determined filesharers will find other , undetectable ways to access material , leaving innocent people to bear the brunt of this oppressive legislation . "
On Feb 4th the FDA and local police raided Bouncing Bears Botanicals and arrested its owner Jonathan Sloan .
He is currently charged with 8 felonies .
- Unlawful manufacturing of controlled substances : Dimethlyltryptamine ( DMT ) -
Unlawful manufacturing of controlled substances : Mescaline - Unlawful manufacturing of controlled substances : Lysergic Acid Amide - Unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances : Mescaline - Unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances : Dimethlyltryptamine ; Chacruna ; Illinois Bundleflower ; Epena ; Cebil Seeds .-
Unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances : Bufotenine , Epena , Chaliponga , Cebil Seeds , Colorado River Toads .-
Unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances : Lysergic Acid Amide , Morning Glory Seeds , Rivea Corymbosa .-
Unlawful possession of certain drug precursors and drug paraphernalia : Plastic jugs and filters used or intended for unlawful use to manufacture , cultivate , plant propagate , harvest , test , analyze or distribute a controlled substance .
More theater , more injustice , more kickbacks .
We demand Mary Schapiro 's immediate resignation for gross dereliction of assigned duty .
From WSJ :
In a statement Monday , the SEC said it did n't find evidence that individuals at the Charlotte , N.C. , bank executives deliberately concealed information from Bank of America 's lawyers or that internal or outside counsel intentionally sought to mislead shareholders .
" For these reasons , the SEC 's proposed complaint does not seek charges against any individual officers , directors or attorneys , " according to the statement .
" SEC staff has advised the Commission that , after a careful assessment of the evidence and all of the relevant circumstances , it has determined that charges against individuals for their roles in connection with proxy disclosure are not appropriate . "
The Burj Dubai tower officially opened yesterday , six years after construction began on the $ 4.1 billion , half - mile - high skyscraper .
Conceived as a monument to the Arab city - state 's economic ambitions , the Burj today looks more like a modern - day Tower of Babel .
Dubai has been wracked by a debt crisis , and the building stands mostly empty and unwanted by the international tenants for whom it was supposedly built .
But then , the main argument for these monuments has never been purely economic .
In early ...
President Barack Obama on Wednesday will unveil a $ 250 - million teacher training program aimed at improving math and science education nationwide .
The effort , which aims to train more than 10,000 new teachers over five years , is part of the White House 's " Educate to Innovate " campaign -- a series of programs and grants designed to address the growing gap between the United States and other countries in the fields of science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
The training and funding arrive by way of partnerships with private institutions , and Wednesday 's announcement doubles the president 's previous commitment of about $ 250 million to the philanthropic program .
Obama will announce the boost , and honor educators who have demonstrated key achievements in those academic areas , at an event at the White House this afternoon .
" The quality of math and science teachers is the most important single factor influencing whether students will succeed or fail in science , technology , engineering and math , " Obama said in a statement .
The goal , the White House has said , is to train 10,000 new math and science teachers over five years , and to provide on - the - job assistance for about 100,000 educators already working in the STEM fields .
Wednesday 's commitment , however , will not be the White House 's first foray at improving math and science education .
Obama introduced the " Race to the Top " program earlier this year , to mixed reactions from both states and education experts .
That campaign , which asks states to apply for a share of $ 4 billion in new , highly competitive grants , plans to award school districts and states ' that propose to improve STEM education quite well , the White House has previously signaled .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper is shown outside Ottawa 's Rideau Hall on Dec. 4 , 2008 , after Gov. Gen Michaëlle Jean approved his recommendation to prorogue Parliament .
(( Tom Hanson / Canadian Press ) )
The Conservative government has shut down Parliament for two months , until after the Vancouver Winter Olympics .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper telephoned Gov. Gen. Michaëlle Jean on Wednesday to ask her permission to end the parliamentary session .
Jean signed the proclamation later that day , granting his request .
The move triggered immediate condemnation from opposition MPs who labelled the Conservative government 's move an " almost despotic " attempt to muzzle parliamentarians amid controversy over the Afghan detainees affair .
Harper 's spokesman , Dimitri Soudas , said the government sought the suspension to consult with Canadians , stakeholders and businesses as it moves into the " next phase " of its economic action plan amid signs of economic recovery .
" This is quite routine but it is also important to give Canadians an overview of where we will be taking the country over the next little while , " Soudas told CBC News from Ottawa .
He said a speech from the throne will be delivered March 3 , followed by presentation of the budget the next day .
The session had been scheduled to resume Jan. 25 after the holiday break .
The move to prorogue , or suspend , Parliament is widely seen as a strategic move by Harper to gain a majority on Senate committees while possibly also avoiding criticism over the Afghan detainee issue .
Proroguing ' a tradition ' for PM : Duceppe
PMO spokesman Dimitri Soudas gives an interview with CBC News in Ottawa on Wednesday .
( ( CBC ) )
Opposition parties have already warned that prorogation would disrupt the inquiry of a parliamentary committee looking into accusations that the government ignored warnings about the torture of Afghan detainees .
Strategically , prorogation also prevents question period criticisms from the opposition parties during the Olympics .
Liberal House Leader Ralph Goodale called the government 's move " beyond arrogant " and its justifications for it " a joke . "
" It 's almost despotic , " Goodale told CBC News in an interview from Phoenix , Ariz .
" Three times in three years and twice within one year , the prime minister takes this extraordinary step to muzzle Parliament .
This time it ’s a coverup of what the Conservatives knew , and when they knew it , about torture in Afghanistan .
So their solution is not to answer the questions but , rather , to padlock Parliament and shut down democracy . "
NDP House Leader Libby Davies said she was " appalled " by Harper 's decision and accused the prime minister of " running from " opposition demands for a public inquiry into what and when the government knew about allegations of torture of detainees transferred into Afghan custody by Canadian soldiers in 2006 .
" By proroguing Parliament , he is unilaterally making a decision to stop any kind of disclosure from happening , " Davies told CBC News from Vancouver .
On his Twitter account , Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe wrote that prorogation has become " a tradition for Harper . "
" Instead of facing the music , he prorogues , " Duceppe wrote .
Before Wednesday 's announcement , NDP House leader Libby Davies said there 's no legitimate reason to prorogue Parliament and to do so would be a " political scam . "
Soudas hit back at Goodale 's accusations , saying the opposition parties have been " unable to prove any wrongdoing on the part of our military , on the part of our diplomats , on the part of the Canadian Forces . "
" If the opposition wants to spend 2010 talking about Taliban terrorists , we 'll let them do that .
We 're going to be focusing on the economy . "
Harper to fill Senate seats by March
By the time Parliament resumes , Harper would have had time to ask Jean to name five new senators , which would give the Conservatives a majority on the newly formed Senate committees and greater control for passing their own legislation .
Soudas confirmed the prime minister will seek to fill the Senate vacancies between now and March , while the Tories will also push forward on Senate reform , including ending the appointment process in favour of elected senators .
Prorogation also effectively scuttles all bills before the current Parliament , including the government 's vaunted anti-crime legislation , which the Conservatives had accused opposition parties of trying to stall .
But private member 's bills , such as Manitoba Tory backbencher Candice Hoeppner 's bill to scrap the decade - old federal long - gun registry , would not be affected .
Shortly after Soudas ' announcement , the government sent out an email saying it would reintroduce , in original form , the consumer safety bill and the anti-drug - crime law that the Tories claimed the Liberals " gutted " in the Senate .
Harper successfully appealed to Jean to prorogue Parliament last December , thwarting all three opposition parties in their attempt to defeat his government in a no-confidence vote and replace it with a proposed coalition between then Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion 's party and the NDP , with support from the Bloc Québécois .
After Jean granted Harper 's request , the proposed coalition collapsed and Dion was replaced by current Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff , who gave his party 's conditional support to the Conservatives ' budget last January .
I have to ask , why do fantasy owners downgrade Nick Markakis on their draft boards ?
Is it because that he has n’t fully realized the potential that everyone thought he would ?
Is it because he ’s a steady option that you know what you are going to get ?
Let ’s just look at his 2009 statistics :
642 At Bats
. 293 Batting Average ( 188 Hits )
18 Home Runs
101 RBI
94 Runs
6 Stolen Bases
. 347 On Base Percentage
. 453 Slugging Percentage
. 323 Batting Average on Balls in Play
What exactly is wrong with that line ?
Is it the power ?
Well , I truly believe that number is an aberration , not the rule .
Just look at his HR / FB rates the past four seasons :
2006 – 13.1 %
2007 – 11.6 %
2008 – 12.6 %
2009 – 8.0 %
Which of these things are not like the others ?
It ’s hard for me to believe that his power , now at 26 - years old , has dropped like that , especially when his flyballs were at a career high ( 40.6 % ) .
Throw in his doubles totals from the past three years ( 43 , 48 and 45 ) and there are a lot of reasons to believe he should enjoy a renaissance in the power department .
Would I expect him to be a 30 HR guy ?
No , but he certainly should be in the low - to - mid 20s in ’ 10 .
He ’s a career .298 hitter , so he was n’t very far off last season .
In fact , his worst average was the .291 he hit in his rookie year and his best was .306 in ’08 .
He ’s been extremely consistent , so why should we expect anything different ?
The runs and RBI are a function of a lineup , something the Orioles have done a great job of improving , both through developing young talents and supplementing it with veteran free agents .
The days of it being Markakis , Brian Roberts and everyone else are certainly well in the past .
Now , the lineup is fairly loaded from top to bottom , with Miguel Tejada and Garrett Atkins being brought in to help supplement Matt Wieters , Nolan Reimold and Adam Jones .
It ’s a solid group of guys that should allow him to both drive in and score close to 100 runs .
No , he does n’t have elite speed , but he ’s shown the potential to steal double - digit bases in the past .
He set a career high in ’07 with 18 and also had 10 in ’08 .
It ’s certainly not a definite that he reaches that level , but that ’s his upside .
Let ’s take a look at what I ’d expect from him in 2010 :
.300 ( 186-620 ) , 22 HR , 100 RBI , 95 R , 9 SB , .333 BABIP , .363 OBP , .487 SLG
He ’s a player that contributes across the board , so what exactly is it that fantasy owners do n’t like ?
The .300 average ?
The 100/100 potential ?
The home runs with a little bit of speed ?
We know what he is and for some reason people consider that a bad thing .
Maybe because he ’s not elite in any one category , but he contributes everywhere and that ’s alright with me .
He ’s certainly a player I want on my teams and one that I consider a low - end number one outfielder ( I have him ranked ninth ) and worth taking in the late fourth or early fifth round ( his ADP is right around 50 and is the twelfth outfielder off the board ) .
What about you ?
Is Markakis a player you ’d like to own ?
Would you take him at the end of the fourth round ?
Make sure to order your copy of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Make sure to check out some of our 2010 projections , including :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
LeBron James has committed himself to being “ More than an Athlete , ” and the small army of poll volunteers he ’s assembled to work the election in November is the latest sign that he ’s doing just that .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
One of the UK's most influential fashion designers , Alexander McQueen , has been found dead at his London home .
The death of Mr McQueen , 40 , is not being treated as suspicious , the Metropolitan Police said .
Reports that the four - time British designer of the year had taken his own life have not been confirmed .
His family are said to be " devastated " at the " tragic news " , according to a statement which added that they shared " a sense of shock and grief " .
In a message on his Twitter page on 3 February , Mr McQueen said his mother had passed away .
Mr McQueen won the distinction of being named British designer of the year four times between 1996 and 2003 and was also awarded the CBE .
' Shock and grief '
The London - born designer started his career as an apprentice in Savile Row with Anderson and Sheppard before going on to work for Gieves and Hawkes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In 1996 , the man nicknamed " the hooligan of English fashion " , with his close - cropped hair and Doc Martens , was named head designer at the Paris couture house of Givenchy .
Mr McQueen 's close friend and fashion icon Isabella Blow , who helped kick - start his career , killed herself in 2007 .
A statement released by his office - referring to the designer by his given first name , Lee - read : " On behalf of Lee McQueen 's family , Alexander McQueen today announces the tragic news that Lee McQueen , the founder and designer of the Alexander McQueen brand , has been found dead at his home .
Mr McQueen wrote of his mother 's death on Twitter " At this stage it is inappropriate to comment on this tragic news beyond saying that we are devastated and are sharing a sense of shock and grief with Lee 's family .
" Lee 's family has asked for privacy in order to come to terms with this terrible news and we hope the media will respect this . "
His death came days before London Fashion Week , and as final preparations were being made for a spring collection to be unveiled in Paris .
On 3 February , he wrote on his Twitter page that his mother Joyce had passed away the day before , adding : " RIP mumxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx . "
Four days later he wrote that he had had an " awful week " but said " friends have been great " , adding : " now i have to some how pull myself together " .
His brilliant imagination knew no bounds
Alexandra Shulman
British Vogue
Tributes paid to designer McQueen Obituary : Fashion king McQueen Send us your comments Tributes have been paid to Mr McQueen from across the fashion world and beyond .
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said he had " made an outstanding contribution " to British fashion .
A statement released on behalf of the model Kate Moss said she was " devastated " .
The designer Katherine Hamnett said : " He was a genius .
What a terrible , tragic waste . "
Alexandra Shulman , editor of British Vogue , said Mr McQueen had influenced a whole generation of designers .
She added : " His brilliant imagination knew no bounds as he conjured up collection after collection of extraordinary designs .
Mr McQueen 's mother Joyce died days before him " His death is the hugest loss to anyone who knew him and for very many who did n't . "
Designer Matthew Williamson said he was " shocked and deeply saddened " .
Paul Smith paid tribute to " a very talented and creative designer " .
Mr McQueen 's body was removed from the house and taken away in a private ambulance at 1646 GMT .
A man with short blond hair , who said he was Mr McQueen 's boyfriend , had been allowed inside at 1615 GMT .
Staff were in tears at his company headquarters in Farringdon , central London .
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said : " We were called by London Ambulance Service at about 10.20 am this morning to reports of a man found dead at an address in Green Street , W1 .
" He is believed to be 40 years old and from London .
Next of kin have been informed , however we await formal identification before releasing the name of the deceased . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eat breakfast like a king , lunch like a prince , and dinner like a pauper .
– Adelle Davis
Breakfast has always been the man ’s meal .
It ’s usually men who are in charge of whipping up glorious fire cooked breakfasts on camping trips , and dad who ’s flipping pancakes on Saturday morning .
I ’m not sure why this is .
Maybe the hard working cowboys and frontiersmen of yesteryear understood the value of a hearty breakfast in the morning and always gave that meal extra attention .
Perhaps back in the day when women were expected to make dinner , cooking breakfast on the weekend was a way for the man to take a turn in the kitchen .
Maybe it ’s because men have always had an affinity for greasy spoon establishments and have a deep appreciation for the diner breakfast .
Or maybe it ’s just because we love sausage and bacon .
Most likely it has to do with the nature of breakfast food .
It ’s simple and straightforward - never fancy or fussy .
There are no five star gourmet breakfast restaurants , no wine pairings with your pancakes , and no foie gras omelettes .
Breakfast is food without affectation .
At any rate , men love breakfast .
We love to make it and we love to eat it .
And there ’s no better time for a good breakfast than the winter months .
It ’s cold , dark , and dreary , and you want something in the morning that will stick to your ribs and fuel your day .
Food so hearty and tasty that the anticipation of it actually gets you out of bed in the morning .
Punxsutawney Phil has predicted 6 more weeks of winter .
So here are 5 hearty breakfasts to power you through to spring .
Cajun Breakfast Casserole
Breakfast casseroles are awesome .
Their possibilities are limited only by your imagination .
They can accommodate any combination of eggs , vegetables , meat , and bread ; you can thus concoct one from anything you have hanging out in the fridge .
But if you want a specific recipe , here ’s a good one .
Prep : 20 minutes , Bake : 40 minutes
Serves 6
Ingredients :
12 to 16 ounces smoked andouille sausage , thinly sliced
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup chopped red pepper
1/2 cup chopped green bell pepper
1 finely diced jalapeno pepper
1 medium tomato , diced
6 large eggs
1 1/2 cups milk
1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
dash of hot sauce
4 slices bread torn in 1 - inch pieces
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
salt and pepper
Preparation :
Heat oven to 400° .
Butter a 2 - quart baking dish .
1 . In a large skillet , cook sliced sausage with the onion and bell peppers until vegetables are translucent .
As they near completion , throw in the tomatoes and let them cook a minute or two .
2 . Whisk eggs with milk in a bowl with the Cajun seasoning , pepper , and any other spices you want to use .
Add a few dashes of hot sauce to taste .
3 . Arrange the torn bread over the bottom of the buttered baking dish .
Sprinkle with the sausage and vegetables .
Top with cheddar cheese and then pour the egg mixture evenly over the top .
4 . Bake for 40 minutes , or until puffy and lightly browned .
Apple - Pecan Baked Oatmeal
If you love oatmeal , but have never tried it baked , then you ’re really missing out on a whole lot of deliciousness .
This recipe is like a hearty , good for you version of apple cobbler .
It makes a ton too , so if you ’re a single guy or childless couple , you ’ll have tasty leftovers for several mornings after you make it .
Prep : 20 min , Bake : 45 minutes Serves 8 - 10 Ingredients 3/4 cup chopped pecans
5 Granny Smith apples
1 ( 18 - oz . ) container regular oats
3 large eggs , beaten
1 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 cup unsweetened applesauce
3 teaspoons cinnamon
3 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
4 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 1/4 cups water
1 cup milk
1/4 cup melted butter Preparation 1 .
Toast the pecans in a pan over medium heat until they are fragrant .
2 . Peel and chop apples into 1 inch chunks .
Spread the apples on the bottom of a lightly greased 13 - x 9 - inch baking dish ( make sure the pan is pretty deep - the oats need a lot of room ) .
Sprinkle toasted pecans over apples .
3 . Combine oats and next 10 ingredients in a large bowl , stirring until well blended .
Pour oat mixture evenly over apples and pecans .
4 . Bake covered at 400° for 30 minutes ; uncover and bake 15 more minutes or until golden brown and set .
If you ’re feeling a bit wild in the morning , it ’s extra good when topped with whipped cream .
Green Chili Breakfast Burrito Casserole Breakfast burritos make a great morning meal .
Fry up some eggs , sausage , onions and so on and wrap it in a tortilla .
This casserole offers a twist on this standby , turning it into a green chili wet burrito layered lasagna - like thing .
Trust me - it ’s awesome .
Prep : 20 min , Bake 25 min Serves 4 - 5 Ingredients 1/2 pound sausage
4 eggs scrambled
3 medium potatoes , diced
1/2 onion , diced
1/2 green pepper , diced
1 can of green chili sauce
2 cups of Mexican cheese
Flour tortillas Preparation 1 .
Fry up the sausage until it ’s browned .
Set aside .
2 . Fry up the potatoes .
When they ’re almost done , add the peppers and onions , and fry everything until done .
Season with whatever spices strike your fancy .
I like to throw in paprika , salt , pepper , garlic powder , and fajita seasoning .
3 . Spray a baking dish with cooking spray .
Cut the tortillas in half and create a layer on the bottom of the pan .
You can tear them in various pieces to cover the bare spots , but do n’t do too much overlap .
Sprinkle in a layer of veggies , sausage , and eggs .
Ladle on some of the green chili sauce .
Sprinkle on some cheese .
The depth and width of your pan and your desire will dictate how many layers you can make .
But repeat the process at least once more , finishing with tortillas , sauce , and cheese on top .
4 . Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 25 minutes .
Nutty Buckwheat Buttermilk Pancakes
No matter what you call them - flapjacks , hotcakes , or pancakes , they are the quintessential breakfast food .
Pancakes are a blank canvas that you can transform into a hundred different varieties of fried flour goodness .
Chocolate chip pancakes , blueberry pancakes , banana nut pancakes - the sky ’s the limit .
This is one of my favorite pancake recipes .
It produces pancakes that are hearty , nutty , and filling .
And the buckwheat makes you feel like you ’re eating something healthy .
Prep : 5 minutes Cook : 10 minutes Makes 8 large , filling pancakes Ingredients
3/4 cup buckwheat flour
3/4 cup unbleached white all - purpose flour
3 tablespoons sugar
1.5 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup pecans or walnuts , chopped
1.5 cups buttermilk
3 tablespoons unsalted butter , melted
2 eggs Directions 1 . Whisk together the dry ingredients in one bowl and the wet ingredients in another .
2 . Mix the wet and dry ingredient together .
It ’s okay for the batter to be a little lumpy .
Overmixing the batter will result in tough panackes .
3 . Grease and heat up a skillet over medium heat .
Drop 5 inch circles of pancake batter into the pan .
4 . Wait for bubbles to emerge on the top of the pancakes and then flip them over .
5 . Top with butter and real Vermont maple syrup .
The use of Aunt Jemima and her syrup impostor kin is punishable by 30 lashes .
Biscuits and Gravy Looking for some good Southern comfort food ?
Look no further than biscuits and gravy .
Nothing else can warm your belly like hearty gravy filled with savory sausage .
My tip :
As much as you might like sausage , do n’t go overboard on it .
As you can see , my sausage gravy turned out more sausage than gravy .
But I love sausage , so I really did n’t care .
I ’m not yet confident enough in my culinary skills to make my own biscuits and thus used the refrigerator roll variety .
But if you ’d like to make your own biscuits , more power to you brotha .
Sausage Gravy
Ingredients
1 - pound package pork sausage
Flour
About 1 quart of 2 - percent milk
Salt and pepper
Directions
1 . In a large skillet , brown sausage over medium heat .
2 . Add flour — enough to coat the sausage .
Stir until it absorbs the grease from the sausage .
3 . Add milk ( 1 quart or more , as needed ) , salt and pepper .
Stir until thickened .
If it ’s too thick , add more milk .
4 . Pour over your biscuits .
Enjoy .
The Wu - Tang Clan has been one of pop culture 's most comics - friendly groups since its inception .
Method Man adopted Johnny Blaze and Ghost Rider as aliases early in his career , and still reads comics .
Ghostface Killah christened himself Tony Stark ( sometimes spelled Tony Starks or Toney Starks ) .
His debut album was 1996's " Ironman . "
Ghost even made it onto the soundtrack for Marvel 's hit movie " Iron Man , " and into the film itself in a brief deleted scene .
The Wu have added another notch into their comics - cred belt with the release of the official album art for " Wu - Massacre , " Method Man , Ghostface Killah , and Raekwon 's upcoming full - length collaboration .
Comics artist Chris Bachalo took a break from drawing some of the most engaging comics stories in recent memory to provide some dope art for the trio , with art direction by Alex Haldi .
The cover is done in the style of old comics , with an info box in the top left corner , a stylized mini-logo ( the Wu - Tang W turned on its side to look like a 3 ) , and even a little " DIRECT EDITION " box and barcode .
Method Man , true to his Johnny Blaze moniker , is holding a fireball , Ghostface is draped in kung - fu robes and masked once again , and Raekwon looks like a mafioso that 's ready for war .
Bachalo is n't the first artist to grace a Wu - Tang album cover , mind you .
Denys Cowan , known for Milestone Comics and DC's " The Question , " drew the cover for GZA 's " Liquid Swords , " which played into the the kung - fu , chess , and lyrical themes of that album .
Comics legend Bill Sienkiewicz provided the visuals for RZA 's " Bobby Digital In Stereo " album .
Designed to be a fusion of rap culture , superhero aesthetics , and '70s exploitation films , the cover depicts a van outracing an explosion , scantily clad women , and the RZA himself as Bobby Digital holding an enormous gun .
It 's not all fantasy , of course .
From " The Wu - Tang Manual , " we know that RZA had his own superheroic adventures as Bobby Digital .
I decided to become Bobby Digital for real .
I had the car and I had the suit .
I was getting ready to go out at nighttime and right some wrongs . [...]
I had this suit built for me that 's basically invulnerable to AK fire .
The car was a black Suburban that I had made bulletproof and bombproof up to government - security - level standards .
I called it the Black Tank . [...]
I even had a good butler almost ready to go .
He was going to be like my Kato , but he was n't old enough yet .
So , while Sienkiewicz might have the best story to tell about his album cover , Chris Bachalo 's not exactly coming in at second place .
Method Man , Ghostface , and Raekwon are among the most commercially successful of the Wu - Tang Clan , giving Bachalo a good chance of having his art out in front of several million people .
Look for " Wu - Massacre " in stores on March 30th .
For Immediate Release
WASHINGTON – As the Conservative Political Action Committee ( CPAC ) holds its annual conference , Libertarian Party Executive Director Wes Benedict offered the following statement :
I ’m sure we ’ll hear an awful lot about “ limited government ” from the mouths of CPAC politicians over the next few days .
If I had a nickel every time a conservative said “ limited government ” and did n’t mean it , I ’d be a very rich man .
Unlike libertarians , most conservatives simply do n’t want small government .
They want their own version of big government .
Of course , they have done a pretty good job of fooling American voters for decades by repeating the phrases “ limited government ” and “ small government ” like a hypnotic chant .
It ’s interesting that conservatives only notice “ big government ” when it ’s something their political enemies want .
When conservatives want it , apparently it does n’t count .
If a conservative wants a trillion - dollar foreign war , that does n’t count .
If a conservative wants a 700 - billion - dollar bank bailout , that does n’t count .
If a conservative wants to spend billions fighting a needless and destructive War on Drugs , that does n’t count .
If a conservative wants to spend billions building border fences , that does n’t count .
If a conservative wants to “ protect ” the huge , unjust , and terribly inefficient Social Security and Medicare programs , that does n’t count .
If a conservative wants billions in farm subsidies , that does n’t count .
It ’s truly amazing how many things “ do n’t count . ”
Conservatives like Rush Limbaugh can’t ever be satisfied with enough military spending and foreign wars .
Conservatives like Mitt Romney want to force everyone to buy health insurance .
Conservatives like George W. Bush — well , his list of supporting big - government programs is almost endless .
Ronald Reagan , often praised as an icon of conservatism , signed massive spending bills that made his the biggest - spending administration ( as a percentage of GDP ) since World War II .
Some people claim that these big - government supporters are n’t “ true conservatives . ”
Well , if a person opposes the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , opposes the War on Drugs , opposes border fences , and opposes mandatory Social Security and Medicare , it ’s hard to believe that anyone would describe that person as a conservative at all .
Most people would say that person is a libertarian ( or maybe even a liberal ) .
Obviously , most liberals do n’t want limited government either .
It ’s just that their support for big government leans toward massive handout and redistribution programs .
The fact is , liberals and conservatives both want gigantic government .
Their visions sometimes look different from each other , but both are huge .
The only Americans who truly want small government are libertarians .
When shooting your top hand should be holding the top of the stick , and your lower hand should be no more than half way down your stick , many players hand position differs and your hand position will vary depending on different types of wrist shots ( close to the net , cutting in , angle , etc . . ) .
Some guides say to have your hands about twelve to fifteen inches apart , but this depends on how old ( and tall ) you are .
A good guide is to touch your elbow of the bottom hand to your top hand and then grab the stick .
You do n’t want your hand any higher than that .
How to take a Wrist Shot Video
In this video I take you through the steps of the first type of wrist shot you should learn .
When taking a wrist shot you can transfer your weight onto the foot closest to the blade of your stick , or the one furthest from the blade of your stick .
You get the most power if you transfer the weight to the foot furthest from the blade , so that is the technique I show below .
( other method shown below the video )
Now that you have watched the How to take a wristshot video check out shooting from the “ off foot ” below , the points about weight transfer and stick flex are the same for both methods of the shot
Wrist Shot From the Off Foot
There are two types of wrist shots , the method below shows you how to shoot from the off foot , you should practice both methods .
You can see my article and video for more info on the two types of wrist shots .
Weight Transfer
When you begin to take the shot most of your weight or power should be on your front leg , while taking the wrist shot you should move even more weight to your front leg , and push off with your back and front leg , thus putting more power and energy into your wrist shot .
Stick Flex
Some people do not know that the stick actually adds a lot of speed and power to your shot .
When you are shooting if you lean into the shot you will load the stick , putting energy into the shaft , which is then transferred to the puck when you release your shot .
Follow Through
Your follow through is very important , when you follow through you are essentialy aiming where the puck is going .
A good follow through also ensures that you are getting full power from your wrist shot .
By continuing to push through with your shot you will keep the puck on the blade of your stick longer , thus transfering more energy onto the puck , and building more speed on your shot .
Practice a good hard shot , along with a powerful follow through .
When you are following through you should roll your wrists over , and point at where you want the puck to go .
After shooting it should look like you are looking down the scope of a rifle
How to execute the Wrist Shot
To take the wrist shot have the puck drawn back , your hands in the proper position , and the puck near the heel of the blade of the stick .
When you are properly set up begin to take the wrist shot , pull the puck towards the net with the blade of the stick .
When the puck has moved a bit on the ice , you want to pull with your top hand , while pushing with your bottom hand , this generates flex on the stick and lifts the puck off of the ice .
While the puck is off the ice and on the blade of your stick you will want to roll , or flick your wrist in order to get full power from the shot , and also get more accuracy from your wrist shot .
You should point the toe of the blade of the stick at where you are shooting , and follow through .
Learning to take a wrist shot can feel very awkward as it is an unnatural movement for the human body .
When explained in words it sounds very complicated , however once you learn how to do it , you will never forget !
A good way to learn the basics is to start with a light puck , once you have the basic motion and muscle memory of how to take a wrist shot , then try with a normal puck .
Wrist Shot
I hope you enjoyed this article , how to take a wrist shot .
I will be adding more articles , pictures and videos regularly .
You can subscribe to my posts using the box to your left , or an RSS reader if you would like helpful hockey tips on a regular basis .
I have also included a video to show you exactly what to do .
Wrist Shot Video for Beginners
In this video I show you every step involved in taking a wrist shot .
How to Take a Wrist Shot From Your off - foot
In the video below I show you how to take a wrist shot from your off foot .
The photosynthetic sea slug Elysia chlorotica appears like a dark green leaf as a result of retaining chloroplasts from its algal prey , Vaucheria litorea , in cells lining its digestive tract .
Image credit : Mary S. Tyler / PNAS .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Scientists from the University of South Florida in Tampa have found a green sea slug is able to synthesize chlorophyll like a plant , which makes it the first animal known to be capable of the feat .
Researcher Sidney K. Pierce said the super green sea slug , Elysia chlorotica , which lives in waters on the east coast of the USA and Canada , is known to steal genes and photosynthesizing organelles called chloroplasts from its favorite intertidal algae species , Vaucheria litorea , but it now seems it has developed an entire chemical pathway to manufacture the green pigment " chlorophyll a " itself .
Chlorophyll is the pigment that captures energy from sunlight in photosynthesis .
Pierce and his team used radioactive tracing techniques to determine the slugs were manufacturing the chlorophyll themselves and it did not originate in the algae they ate .
A number of animals ( such as corals ) host microbes and algae and benefit from their photosynthesis , but in most of these associations the cells remain whole .
In Elysia chlorotica , in contrast , the cells are broken down and chloroplasts are extracted and held inside the slug 's own cells , where they remain active for the slug 's lifetime of almost a year .
Researchers have shown that once a young slug has eaten a meal of Vaucheria algae it never has to eat again as long as it has access to light and supplies of chlorophyll and other chemicals used in photosynthesis .
In 2007 scientists , including Pierce and his team , found genes related to photosynthesis in the slugs , and these genes , apparently originally from the algae , were even found in unhatched slugs that had never eaten algae .
In the latest research Pierce found more algal genes , and some of them were for enzymes required for the chemical process manufacturing chlorophyll .
Pierce and his team studied slugs that had not eaten anything for at least five months and had stopped eliminating waste digestive products .
They contained chloroplasts taken from the algae , but Pierce said that any other part of the algae should have long ago been digested .
They gave the slug an amino acid labeled with radioactive carbon and found that the radioactive carbon turned up in the chlorophyll a molecule after the slugs had been sunbathing , but not if they had been in the dark .
The findings were reported at the annual meeting of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology in Seattle , Washington on 7 January and will be published in the journal Symbiosis .
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
You probably do n’t analyze the chatter or quality of your social media connections , but creditors may be doing just that .
In their quest to identify creditworthy customers , some are tapping into the information you and your friends reveal in the virtual stratosphere .
Before calling the privacy police , though , understand how it ’s really being used .
Data rich discussions
According to NielsenOnline , 67 percent of the global online population uses Facebook , Twitter , Linkedin or a similar social media network to stay in touch with friends , grow their business or just have fun .
If you ’re among them and your settings are turned to “ public , ” who you ’re talking to and what you ’re discussing is available to those wanting to sell their wares — and that includes banks and other credit issuers .
Marketing effort
“ It ’s a marketing trend as opposed to a credit score trend , ” says Joel Jewitt , vice president of business development of Rapleaf , a San Francisco , Calif. , company specializing in social media monitoring .
Rapleaf hunts and gathers social networking transmissions , turning the conversations you have in your network into consumer profiles called social graphs .
These graphs provide companies with insight into behavior patterns : what you like and dislike , want and do n’t want , do well and do poorly .
Pretty much everything you and your network reveal may be compiled , including status updates , “ tweets , ” joining online clubs , linking a website or posting a comment on a blog or news website .
“ In the past , marketing products to people was primarily done via demographics — age , sex , location , education , etc. , ” says Jewitt .
“ That data is n’t always so accurate , though . ”
Demographics have given way to multidimensional behavioral targeting that allows creditors to draw conclusions about what type of credit customer you maybe .
The idea is “ like follows like ” — so if your online friends express curiosity about something , so too may you , whether you say so or not .
According to Michael Gorman , vice president of Acxiom , a company that builds and maintains databases creditors use to market products , joining social networks can work to your advantage .
“ A big part of what credit card companies do is make decisions about what to offer different people — who to send a balance transfer offer to or offer credit protection . ”
Jesse Torres , president and CEO of Pan American Bank in Los Angeles , agrees that Rapleaf and other online information aggregators fill a need within the banking community .
“ They ’re able to scour the social media universe .
They are constantly listening and reporting back . ”
By knowing what people are saying , financial institutions can make the most of their marketing dollars , says Torres , and provide consumers with what they want .
We use social chatter as a way tobring risk down .
It ’s a wealth of information about a person .
Rob Garcia , Lending Club
Lowering lending risk
Another reason credit issuers are looking to this data is to reduce lending risk .
Social graphs allow credit issuers to know if you ’re connected to a community of great credit customers .
Creditors can see if people in your network have accounts with them , and are free to look at how they are handling those accounts .
The presumption is that if those in your network are responsible cardholders , there is a better chance you will be , too .
So , if a bank is on the fence about whether to extend you credit , you may become eligible if those in your network are good credit customers .
“ Credit card companies have been stung very hard during this downturn , and they ’re going to work that much harder to avoid extending credit to people with a high level of predictable losses , ” says Ken Clark , author of “ The Complete Idiot ’s Guide to Boosting Your Financial IQ . ”
“ Social graphs can pre-emptively cut the amount of charge - offs by not giving high - risk people a card .
It may translate into hundreds of millions of dollars industry wide . ”
The Lending Club , a peer - to - peer lender , uses multiple sources of “ social information collateral ” for its decision - making processes .
According to Rob Garcia , senior director of product strategy , the company incorporates social media and network information into its identity verification and fraud detection mechanisms .
“ We use social chatter as a way to bring risk down .
It ’s a wealth of information about a person , ” says Garcia , who gives the example of a Facebook user who posts a home address .
“ If a person says he lives in a different area than the one on the application , it could be a flag .
But if it matches , it greatly increases confidence . ”
Having a robust online social network can also expedite loan acceptance .
“ When people have large networks , they get funded two to three times faster than without , ” says Garcia .
Why ?
“ We notice that good credit people invite good credit people ; bad invite bad . ”
To be clear , creditors are n’t accessing the credit reports or scores of those in your social network , nor do those friends affect your personal credit rating .
Jewitt asserts that the graphs are n’t being used to penalize borrowers or to find reasons to reject customers , but quite the opposite : “ There is an immediate concern that it ’s going to affect the ability to get a financial product .
But it makes it more likely “ that it will work in their favor , ” says Jewitt .
It ’s rotten , it ’s really not something they should be doing .
They may be gaining information from people who are naive and not understandinghow their profiles are set .
It verges on privacy violation .
Linda Sherry , Consumer Action
Privacy concerns
Not everyone in the industry is jumping on the bandwagon .
“ It ’s difficult to make a judgment about an individual ’s credit based on the people around them , ” says Gregory Meyer , community relations manager for Meriwest Credit Union in San Jose , Calif .
Meriwest only assesses credit report and application data to make lending decisions .
“ [ Social media ] is a great way to keep up with what my 10 - year - old nephew is up to , but it does n’t have a place in the credit process . ”
Still , he does say that business loans may be an exception .
“ I can see how Facebook would come into play — it would be useful to look at comments about a person ’s business , see what the complaints are and how they respond to them . ”
Linda Sherry , spokeswoman for consumer advocacy organization Consumer Action , accepts that social media data could help with marketing , but doubts its efficacy in risk management .
“ When you get outside of a personal credit report , it does n’t seem like social graphs would help anyone , ” says Sherry .
All of this gives way to a lot of worry about how what you make public can be used and who will see it .
Jewitt says institutions using Rapleaf ’s social graphs have made it clear they want to use the data positively .
Still , concerns about how a company uses social media information may be justified .
What you divulge can have unintended impact .
“ We ’ve seen this with applicants not getting jobs and employees getting fired for their Facebook and Twitter - based escapades , ” says Clark , “ so we should n’t imagine this to be any different . ”
Consumer advocate Sherry , however , says this about personal - though - public conversations being surreptitiously gathered and distributed .
“ It ’s rotten .
It ’s really not something they should be doing .
They may be gaining information from people who are naive and not understanding how their profiles are set .
It verges on privacy violation . ”
Jules Polonetsky , co-chair and director of Future of Privacy Forum , supports behavioral marketing but considers this an extreme use of if it .
“ It ’s shocking to users .
It goes beyond the kind of data use that people feel comfortable with . ”
More , he says , this application of behavioral marketing risks driving legislative action .
“ The general use of data is the subject of hot debate in Washington .
The Federal Trade Commission is examining its view of behavioral data , trying to get to the appropriate rules .
The entire future of behavioral marketing use is up in the air and this could upset the apple cart . ”
The general use of data is the subject of hot debate in Washington .
Jules Polonetsky , Future of Privacy Reform
What social network users can do
If you ’re not wild about the prospect of being prospected , take steps to guard your privacy .
“ I think it is crucial that everyone visit the privacy notices for the sites they use , read them , and change their settings to limit who can see their information , ” says Clark .
“ For example , on Facebook , you can change your privacy settings so that only your acknowledged friends can see the vast majority of your information . ”
You can also enable “ private filtering ” on your browser .
Do so and your activity will be entirely out of the Web profiling system .
Scott Stevenson , president and CEO of EliminateIDTheft.com has further tips :
Do n’t accept invitations to your social networking sitefrom people until you check their profiles out first .
Be acutely aware of what you write .
Do n’t make publicanything you do n’t want public .
Take an annual inventory of all your social networkingsites and delete people and information that can potentially damage you inthe eyes of a creditor or employer .
While Jewitt is firm that credit issuers are using your online chitchat for marketing purposes only , he agrees that consumers should be cognizant about what they expose online .
Ultimately , he says , “ The custodian of the information is you . ”
So while you have the power to opt out of chatting on social media networks entirely , do n’t forget that one of the beauties of social media is that it allows people and organizations to find you .
Go offline or keep your settings totally classified and you reduce that valuable connection benefit .
See related : Credit card issuers dip a toe into social media , What are your friends buying ?
Use Blippy to find out , 10 ways to protect yourself from data breaches
Lucidpress is a design & brand templating platform that empowers non-designers in your company to create and distribute marketing collateral all on their own ( without going off brand ) .
Lockable templates protect your brand while allowing colleagues to make small design tweaks and customizations , easing the workload off your creative team .
Say goodbye to rogue branding forever with Lucidpress -- the brand templating platform trusted by over 7 million users worldwide .
Could storing carbon set us up for future disasters ?
It 's unlikely , say an increasing number of industry figures who want governments to embrace CCS as the most pragmatic response to climate change .
Bjorn Berger , a research adviser to Norway 's Statoil , says using CCS is a no-brainer .
" It has been staying where we put it , " he says of the carbon there .
" We study it very carefully and know exactly what it does .
If we get realistic about the fact that we need the fossil fuels in the development of places like China and India , then this is a way to make that acceptable .
" Otter , CEO of the GCCSI , says , " The only way to understand CCS is to actually do it . "
Addressing the energy summit , he urged governments to move quickly .
" We can not do without this , in my view .
We 're looking for really positive and quick action ...
Deployment is what we 're talking about .
Not research . "
Labels : Carbon capture and storage
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A German robber held up the same bank in Hamburg twice within 24 hours just a week after being released from jail -- for the same crime .
A police spokesman said on Friday the 50 - year - old man went into a savings bank in the center of the northern port city and flashed a pistol , saying : “ I was here yesterday , and I want money again today ! ”
The repeat offender made off with 450 euros ( $ 600 ) but with the help of video surveillance cameras , police were able to detain him three hours later .
They said he had been in jail for robbing banks in Hamburg in 2002 and 2004 .
The sentence follows a fall from a rarefied perch where he wielded power with a signature mix of brash confidence and tough - guy charm .
He was a close ally of former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , whom he served as a bodyguard and driver .
Mr. Giuliani then tapped him for a senior position in the Correction Department , and he went on to become the agency ’s commissioner .
As testament to his clout , Mr. Kerik had a jail named after him in downtown Manhattan .
( The name has since been changed . )
Mr. Kerik later served as police commissioner , and his performance after the 9/11 attacks turned him into a national figure , earning him the respect of President George W. Bush , who nominated him to lead the Department of Homeland Security .
That bid quickly collapsed in scandal , marking the beginning of the end of Mr. Kerik ’s career .
The case against Mr. Kerik centered on charges that a New Jersey construction company , the Interstate Industrial Corporation , which was suspected of ties to organized crime , had paid for renovations at his home in the Riverdale section of the Bronx .
Prosecutors said company officials had hoped Mr. Kerik would help them obtain a city license .
In June 2006 , Mr. Kerik pleaded guilty in State Supreme Court in the Bronx to two misdemeanors tied to the renovation of his apartment .
He paid $ 221,000 in fines and penalties but avoided any jail time .
In the more recent federal case , Mr. Kerik pleaded guilty to two counts of tax fraud , one count of making a false statement on a loan application and five counts of making false statements to the federal government while being vetted for senior posts .
Judge Robinson ordered him to pay restitution of $ 187,931 to the Internal Revenue Service .
Prosecutors had called for Judge Robinson to make an example out of Mr. Kerik , and to punish him for his “ egotism and hubris . ”
Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) is shown on Capitol Hill in this Oct. 13 , 2009 , file photo .
FBI gets involved in Ensign affair
The Justice Department and the FBI have begun what appears to be a preliminary criminal investigation into events surrounding Sen .
John Ensign ’s affair with a staffer , sources tell POLITICO .
In recent days , FBI agents have contacted former aides to the Nevada Republican in Washington and Las Vegas , said several sources familiar with the matter .
The sources also said that a Justice Department prosecutor has been assigned to the case but has not yet convened a grand jury .
Advertisement
“ Yes , the FBI has contacted witnesses — in this case , former aides , ” said one source familiar with the matter .
“ We ’ll see where it leads . ”
Ensign announced last summer that he had carried on a nine - month affair with campaign aide Cynthia Hampton , herself the spouse of Doug Hampton , a top Senate aide of Ensign .
Since admitting to the affair , Ensign has been the subject of a series of damaging revelations about his conduct — including the fact that his parents paid the Hamptons $ 96,000 after the couple left their jobs with the senator .
The Senate Ethics Committee is already investigating ; it issued its own subpoenas for former Ensign aides last month .
But a criminal investigation raises the stakes and , whatever its outcome , could take long enough that it would hurt Ensign ’s chances of winning a third term in 2012 .
Ensign spokeswoman Rebecca Fisher declined Tuesday to say whether the senator has been contacted by FBI agents .
“ Sen . Ensign believes he has fully complied with all ethics laws and rules and plans to cooperate with any official inquiries , ” Fisher said .
A Justice Department representative declined to comment .
Sources familiar with Justice Department probes say it ’s unlikely that investigators have yet spoken with Ensign .
Investigators typically wait to question the main players in an investigation until after they ’ve built up their evidence — essentially forcing a target to choose among telling the truth , risking prosecution for making false statements or refusing to talk altogether .
While it ’s not clear what the FBI agents are asking , one subject of inquiry could be Ensign ’s efforts to help Doug Hampton get lobbying work after he left the senator ’s office — despite a one - year ban on lobbying by former congressional aides .
Another could be whether the $ 96,000 should have been reported as a severance payment , as required by law .
Among other former Ensign aides , the FBI has been in contact with former chief of staff John Lopez , who reportedly served as an intermediary between Hampton and Ensign after Hampton left the senator ’s office .
Lopez has denied that those contacts broke the law , and he has downplayed the significance of the handful of informational conversations he had with Hampton .
“ Yes , they have contacted John Lopez .
I do n’t think he ’s unique in having been contacted , ” one source told POLITICO .
Robert Kelner , an attorney for Lopez , said Lopez “ is well - known on Capitol Hill for integrity and professionalism .
During his many years of public service , he complied with the law and worked hard for the people of Nevada . ”
Melanie Sloan , head of the government watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said the risk of an FBI investigation is that no one can be sure where it will lead .
“ The big thing , I think , is they have opened an investigation , ” Sloan said .
“ It ’s very unlikely that they ’re not going to investigate everything . ”
But Sloan and other sources noted that turmoil within the Justice Department ’s Public Integrity Section , which botched the corruption case against former Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) that was vacated last year , may mean that investigators would move extremely deliberately in considering whether to bring charges against a sitting U.S. senator .
That section remains the most likely to take the case , particularly since the U.S. attorney in Nevada , Daniel Bogden , has signaled that he would recuse himself from any inquiry given his prior relationship with Ensign .
Peter Zeidenberg , a former official in the Public Integrity Section and now a Washington - based attorney , said cases like these may cause “ angst and anxiety ” within the office , but “ they better be able to [ handle them ] ; otherwise , who ’s going to do it ? ”
After POLITICO broke the news Tuesday morning of the FBI contacts , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee began a campaign targeting in - cycle Republicans , pressuring them to return campaign donations from Ensign .
Brian Walsh , a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , called the tactics “ silly political games . ”
Still , Chuck Muth , a GOP strategist in Las Vegas and former Nevada Republican Party executive director , said that while news of an investigation may not hurt Ensign now , it could be damaging in this year ’s race to defeat Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid .
Democrats and allies of Reid are already making the case that replacing a leader with a freshman will weaken Nevada ’s influence , particularly because the state ’s other senator is something of an outcast on the Hill .
“ This will certainly hurt Nevada Republicans further , especially the GOP nominee , who will go up against Harry Reid , ” said Muth , who has previously called on Ensign to step down .
“ The Ensign scandal is an ongoing albatross around the necks of every Republican candidate up and down the ballot . ”
As a result , thanks to technology , one of the core functions of a university - distributing information through its professors - is no longer entirely in its control .
It ’s a potentially unsettling development for universities and professors , and it has found its way into court , as professors take on commercial note services and grapple with how much to limit the recording and even filming of their lectures .
And as it grows easier to publish online and as more and more people gain ready access to the Web , the issue seems likely to only grow .
But in combining the two - by relying on students , rather than professors , for material and then posting it for free - Finalsclub , along with a few larger sites like GradeGuru and StudyBlue , raise issues of their own .
Because the site does not charge , the material Finalsclub posts is widely available , and , unlike with open courseware programs like MIT ’s , Harvard has little say in the process .
Finalsclub is not the first website to offer elite university course notes , for free , to a wider audience - other universities , most prominently MIT , have set up so - called open courseware sites of their own , and the largest dwarf Finalsclub ’s offerings .
Nor is the site the first to publish student lecture notes :
A mini-industry of lecture note vendors has long existed around the campuses of large state universities , and it has migrated online in recent years .
“ I ’m a big believer that educational resources should be free , or as free as possible , and in a sense I would like to do it not only at Harvard but at every top institution in the world , ” he says .
Magliozzi , however , insists that there ’s a higher purpose .
He is taking the substance of Harvard courses , information previously sequestered within the ivory tower , and offering it free to anyone with an Internet connection .
The website ’s name was borrowed from the school ’s Final Clubs - insular all - male social clubs reputed to keep old lecture notes on file to help their less diligent members cram for exams .
And just like the Final Clubs ’ files , the site serves as a crutch for students who have n’t bothered to attend class or take their own notes .
Then , two years ago , Magliozzi started up a side project called Finalsclub.org .
The site bills itself as “ the premier Web portal for interactive education , ” allowing Harvard students to join online study groups and read annotated versions of the Great Books .
But its most notable characteristic is that it pays Harvard students to post their lecture notes online .
Plenty of Harvard graduates have traded on the fame and prestige of their alma mater , but few have done so the way Andrew Magliozzi has .
The year he graduated , 2005 , he started a tutoring company located steps from Harvard Yard , with a name , Veritas , that is the motto of his storied alma mater .
The basic legal question of whether a professor or university has any claim over the notes a student takes in a lecture is , it turns out , not a simple one to answer .
According to copyright scholars , it depends on how the lecture was given and what the notes look like .
Copyright only protects works of authorship that are fixed in a “ tangible medium of expression ” - at the very least there need to be notes that the lecture was read from , or a Powerpoint presentation .
And the closer the student notes are to an exact transcript of the lecture , the more likely they are to be infringing the professor ’s copyright .
“ It is fair to say that a number of these issues are n’t exactly new , but the accessibility of the Web makes us conscious of them in a way that we were n’t before , ” says Corynne McSherry , author of the 2001 book “ Who Owns Academic Work ? ” and a lawyer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
“ The question of people taking notes in lectures and reselling them is old , but now if you make them available online , the reach is so much broader that people get concerned in a different way . ”
But the debate over who gets to set the terms by which classroom information spreads is well underway : A lawsuit by a University of Florida professor against a for - profit note company is going forward , and academics around the country have begun to examine how much can , and should , be done to control the posting of notes , videos , recordings , and the like .
Like many online start - ups , Finalsclub is in something of a holding pattern .
Magliozzi sees little prospect of outside funding in the current economic climate , and there have been few new lecture notes posted in recent months .
Harvard itself has taken no action against the site , but some of the professors whose lectures Magliozzi has wanted to post notes on have refused .
For universities , the fact that the raw material of an education is , increasingly , easily available means they may have to rethink how they pitch themselves to applicants , perhaps concentrating more on their “ value - added ” features - their facilities , the opportunities for collaboration with faculty and students , the social scene they provide , or the fact that , for the time being at least , paying tuition and showing up on campus still gets one a diploma , while teaching oneself online does not .
The emergence of sites like Finalsclub is part of a larger incursion of the outside world into the university classroom : Students today can anonymously post videos of lectures to Youtube or report the details of a small seminar discussion on chat rooms that anyone can read .
Universities , at least in some sense , are content providers , and the content that they provide - the lectures and course materials - is created for a sharply limited audience paying a lot of money .
Record labels , newspapers , movie studios , and other content providers have been seismically shaken by the Web , and now universities are getting a glimpse of its disruptive potential .
“ It ’s very hard , if you have students sitting in the classroom , to control what they ’re going to do with what you tell them , ” says Harry Lewis , a computer science professor and former Harvard dean .
And “ it ’s very hard to keep control of material that finds its way onto the Web . ”
The few times courts have weighed in have produced contradictory decisions : A 1969 lawsuit in California in which a UCLA professor sued a notes service found that the professor did indeed have the intellectual property rights to his lecture , but the University of Florida lost a 1996 suit against a similar company .
And while the basic issues are not new , the amplifying scope of the Internet gives them a new sharpness .
Jim Sullivan is the attorney for a University of Florida biology professor named Michael Moulton who is suing the same notes provider that the university unsuccessfully sued in 1996 .
“ There ’s a whole new raft of these companies out there , ” Sullivan says .
“ It basically amounts to an online clearinghouse for stolen intellectual property . ”
Still , part of the reason that there have n’t been more lawsuits around the intellectual property of lectures is that professors and universities see their mission as fundamentally different from that of a music label or movie studio .
“ Harvard and MIT and Stanford and Princeton , we ’re not Decca records .
Our job in life is to provide enlightenment to the world , ” says Lewis , an outspoken critic of the way content providers have used copyright law online .
“ We have to make a living doing it and all the professors have to be paid for their labors , but the notion that universities would inherit the oppressive picture of the way intellectual property is treated by the music industry is really a fundamentally warped view of what the ultimate purpose of universities are . ”
Finalsclub has so far avoided legal trouble by being a nonprofit , by not charging students for notes , and , most importantly , by making sure to ask professors for permission to post lecture notes .
Most , says Magliozzi , have been fine with it , including some of the biggest names at Harvard , like the political philosopher Michael Sandel and the cognitive scientist Steven Pinker .
For his part , Pinker says he was excited about the interactive promise of the site ’s online study groups but agnostic about the class notes aspect .
“ There ’s nothing that I would say in class that I would n’t say in any other public forum , so I kind of had nothing to hide , ” says Pinker .
Several professors , including the English professor and writer Louis Menand and the economist Greg Mankiw , have refused .
Mankiw says he did n’t want to make it easier for students to cut class .
“ Listening to lectures and taking your own notes is part of the educational process , ” he wrote in an e-mail .
Other professors expressed reservations about the accuracy of the notes and the fact that students were paid to take them .
Lurking in the background , McSherry argues , is also the issue of intellectual control .
Academics today are increasingly itinerant - tenure is harder to come by , and even tenured scholars are more likely to switch institutions than in the past .
And protecting intellectual assets like lectures - both from the university and from students - takes on a heightened importance .
Part of what the university hires a professor for is his lectures , material that has often been honed over years of delivery , feedback , editing , and research .
The value of a college education has never been entirely about the content of the classes .
People go to college to make connections with ambitious peers and eminent professors , for the social life , for the facilities and , of course , for the credential .
The exclusivity of an elite education is a great part of its value , and the fact that anyone can click through a Harvard biology class online is unlikely to change that .
What it may do , however , is subtly change the mission of such schools .
Champions of online learning see in the rise of open courseware sites like MIT ’s what they call the “ unbundling ” of higher education .
With the actual class content widely available at no cost , and with some programs looking into ways to make such programs more individualized to particular students , what happens in the actual physical classroom may become less about ingesting information and more about interaction and putting that information to use .
Magliozzi has such ambitions for his still small site .
He envisions not only a far more exhaustive catalog of course notes , but a deep and broad interactivity , so that students can collaborate on notes and create documents far more comprehensive than anything any individual could do , participate in moderated discussions with far - flung peers , and ask questions through the site to professors at distant institutions .
“ Basically , in a nutshell , I ’d like to be a meta - membrane that sits on top of all colleges and unifies them , a meta- academic institution , ” he says .
Drake Bennett is the staff writer for Ideas .
E-mail drbennett@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
UPDATE : YouTube has taken down the clip because of a " copyright claim " from Channel 7 .
Fail
Blog still has it up , link in the comments , but in case it disappears from there , it 's a capture of Bouchard talking about snow totals on Jan. 18 .
He points to a listing for Princeton and says " the biggest amount that I could find , almost as big as me , about nine inches . "
And then he glances off to the side , as if he 's expecting a giant hook to come pull him off the set .
Pete Bouchard puts together a pretty impressive weather package :
Via Wicked Gay Blog .
Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) 
An instructor at a public community college in Fresno has been presenting his religious views on homosexuality , abortion and global warming as fact to students in an introductory health science class , the American Civil Liberties Union alleged Monday .
ACLU staff attorney Elizabeth Gill said at least two students at Fresno City College have complained that instructor Bradley Lopez quoted the Bible as proof that human life begins at conception , characterized homosexuality as a mental illness , and discussed apocalyptic Christian prophesies during a lesson on climate change .
If the students ' descriptions are correct , Lopez 's teaching methods would violate California laws protecting gays from discrimination and prohibiting religious indoctrination at public schools , Gill said .
She sent a letter to college president Cynthia Azaria on Monday asking the school " to act immediately to ensure that all its health classes provide only accurate and unbiased information . "
An e-mail to Lopez and a telephone message left at his office were not returned .
The college president issued a statement in response to media inquiries .
" The College takes its non-discrimination and prohibition of harassment policies seriously , investigates alleged violations and takes appropriate actions to enforce compliance , " Azaria said .
" Beyond that , we do n't comment on personnel matters for confidentiality reasons . "
Lopez is one of several Fresno City College instructors who teach the Health Science I course , which the college catalog describes as a survey of " contemporary science concepts and medical information designed to promote health . "
Topics covered in the course include sexuality , nutrition , substance abuse , physical fitness and heredity .
" Someone should realize you can't have a class like this presenting deeply held , and I 'm sure honestly held , religious views as science , " Gill said .
" This is not a situation where people are taking a seminar on religion .
Folks taking this class think they are getting Health Basics 101 . "
Jacqueline Mahaffey , 24 , who had Lopez as a teacher last semester , said his personal beliefs became apparent on the first day of class when he made a point of contradicting their textbook , which listed cancer as the leading cause of death .
Lopez told the class that abortions killed more people than cancer .
During the second week , Lopez allegedly gave the students a genetics assignment that involved studying the Bible to research Jesus Christ 's biological makeup .
He also told students that " evolution is a dead theory " and invited them to visit him in his office " if you want to know about your Creator . "
Mahaffey said she and another student filed complaints with Lopez 's dean about halfway through the semester following a lecture in which he said that sexual behavior involving less than 5 % of the population should be classified as a mental disorder and that homosexuality " degrades " society .
Mahaffey said she nonetheless stayed in the class and earned an A .
Gill said that as a college instructor , Lopez is free to express his opinions but that because Fresno City College is publicly funded , his teaching cannot become " religious inculcation . "
Fresno City College is a two - year school with an enrollment of about 25,000 .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Below we offer a checklist that can help guide your inquiry , as well as an extended explanation of why the answers to these questions matter .
Not surprisingly , some of the issues overlap .
For example , Digital Rights Management , or " DRM , " matters not only because of the limits it places on users , but because of its impact on innovation and competition .
Yet by separating out the various issues , we hope to spur a more rigorous consideration of the various digital book offerings .
Our goal is not to tell authors , publishers , vendors , libraries , or anyone else what strategies they must adopt , or tell book purchasers what options they must choose .
We hope that a robust marketplace emerges , with various business models and technologies .
Instead , this checklist represents the key questions that readers should ask of each new digital book product or service to evaluate whether it adequately protects their interests .
That sort of rigorous inquiry will help us decide which digital book future we want — and how to vote with our feet until we get it .
1 . Does it protect your privacy ? ^
Why it matters :
The ability to read privately and anonymously is essential to freedom of expression , thought and inquiry .
In the world of physical books , bookstores , libraries , and individuals have long fought against the chilling effect of someone , especially someone from the government , looking over your shoulder as you read .
As Pulitzer Prize - winning author Michael Chabon stated when he joined EFF 's efforts to insist that Google Books provide adequate protections for reader privacy :
If there is no privacy of thought — which includes implicitly the right to read what one wants , without the approval , consent or knowledge of others — then there is no privacy , period .
Unfortunately , reader privacy has often been attacked .
At the McCarthy hearings in the 1950s , people were questioned on whether they had read Marx and Lenin .
They were asked whether their spouses or associates had books by or about Stalin and Lenin on their bookshelves .
And these efforts did not end with the McCarthy era .
Between 2001 and 2005 , libraries were contacted by law enforcement seeking information on patrons at least 200 times .
Physical books have many natural protections for reader anonymity .
For example , you can : browse through the stacks of your local library or bookstore without anyone tracking what you are looking at , what you pull off of the shelves as you browse or what pages you review ;
walk into a store and buy a book with cash , thereby avoiding any record of your purchase ;
hide a book under your bed so no one knows you 're reading it ;
throw a book away after reading it and no one will ever know you had it ;
give a book to someone else without anyone knowing it ;
read a key part of a book that you own or borrow from the library multiple times , or not at all , with no one knowing .
Digital book practices may threaten these traditional protections .
Digital book providers have the potential to track , aggregate , analyze , and disclose reader activity to an extent far beyond anything possible with physical books .
Both book download services ( like the Kindle ) and those like Google Book Search ( where the user accesses a book stored on a server ) can continue tracking during and after the initial transaction , as well as maintain records of every book purchased over the lifetime of the reader .
That means digital book providers can collect data on what books you search for , what books you browse , what pages you view , and for how long — and they can keep that data for a very long time .
Most of this tracking is something bookstores and libraries could never do short of hiring an agent to follow patrons around the stacks and then into their homes .
What to look for : Readers considering whether book products , tools or services adequately protect privacy should ask :
Does it limit the tracking of you and your reading ?
Just as readers may anonymously browse books in a library or bookstore , readers should be able to search , browse , and preview digital books without being forced to identify themselves .
To see whether a digital book provider is limiting tracking , ask whether it : Ensures that searching and browsing of books do not require user registration or the affirmative disclosure of any personal information ;
Connects any information collected from an individual reader with any other information the digital provider may know about the same individual from other sources without specific , informed , opt - in consent .
This is especially important for book providers like Google that have multiple services collecting other information about users ;
Purges all logging or other information related to individual uses as soon as practicable , which in most instances should be no less than every 30 days .
This purge should ensure that this information cannot be used to connect particular books viewed to particular computers or users ; and
Where possible , allows you to use anonymity providers , such as Tor , proxy servers , and anonymous VPN providers , when interacting with the service .
Does it protect you against disclosure of your reading habits ?
Readers should be able to read and purchase books without worrying that the government or a third party may be effectively reading over their shoulder .
To ensure that any stored information linking readers to the books they view or purchase is not disclosed to the government or third parties without proper protections , ask whether the provider will : Commit that it will not disclose information about you to government entities or others absent a warrant or court order unless required to do so by law ;
Notify you prior to complying with any government or third party request for your information ( unless forbidden to do so by law or court order ) , and provide you with sufficient time to seek court review of the request ; and
Guarantee that it will not tell any business partners , or affiliates which books you purchased .
Does it give you control over the information it collects about you ?
Readers of paper books can control information collected about them by , for example , buying books with cash .
That freedom should not disappear as books go digital .
Readers who want to assert some control over their own information should consider whether the provider will :
Allow you to delete your books and ensure that this deletion removes any record of the purchase ;
Allow you to control what other local or remote computer users can see about your reading , possibly through the use of separate password - protected " bookshelves " or other technical means ; and
Establish a method to allow private reading of purchased books and private giving of books , such as allowing you to anonymously transfer or " gift " purchases to someone else ( including transfer to other accounts you control ) , with no record of the fact of the original purchase .
Does it tell you what it 's doing with the information it collects and can you enforce its commitments to you ?
A provider committed to ensuring both transparency and enforceability in the protection of reader privacy will do some or all of the following : Provide a robust , easy - to - read notice of privacy provisions and policies ;
Ensure that any commitments it makes to protect reader privacy are legally enforceable by readers ;
Store all reader information exclusively in countries that have strong privacy protecting laws , especially as against demands for disclosure by law enforcement and private third parties ;
Ensure that any watermarks or other marking technologies used do not contain identifying information about users in a format that third parties can read or decipher .
Any watermarks with personally identifying information about users should be disclosed to users sufficiently to alert them to the existence of such marks and the type of information they include ; and
Annually publish online , in a conspicuous and easily accessible area of its website , the type and number of information requests it receives from government entities or third parties .
2. Transparency : Does it tell you what it 's doing ? ^
Why it matters :
In the physical world , it 's relatively simple to know everything you need to about the consequences of searching , buying , selling , and reading .
You buy a book — in cash if you like — take it home , read it at your leisure , put it on the shelf , pass it on , or throw it away .
Although , if you buy the book with a credit card you do n't always know what information booksellers are keeping , or for how long , for the most part it 's a simple , transparent process .
Not so for digital books .
Some electronic books come laden with DRM , as well as any number of other " features " that may or may not be disclosed .
For example , in 2009 Kindle users were shocked to learn that their readers included a feature that let Amazon delete their books remotely .
We 've seen where loading unexpected features onto consumer products can lead .
In 2005 , music fans learned ( as a result of the independent effort of computer researchers ) that Sony BMG had included copy - protection software in millions of music CDs that could create serious security and privacy problems on personal computers .
The software actually did much more than just preventing copying , including reporting customer listening habits .
This all happened to customers without appropriate notice and consent .
Readers of digital books have little reason to trust the private companies that sell them their books and devices , and they should n't have to .
Readers need to know what they are getting , so that they can make good choices about what to buy and how to use their books .
What to look for :
How clear are the disclosures ?
Will they be updated , and if so , how ?
Your vendor should tell you , in advance and in plain , prominent language , what the device or service will be doing and how it will be doing it , especially if it is interacting with your computer or other device or service .
What 's more , that disclosure should be an ongoing obligation ; if practices change , your vendor must make sure you can find out about it ( and opt for a different provider , if need be ) .
Does it let you or others investigate to confirm that the product , device or service is actually functioning as promised ?
Many companies limit users ' ability to tinker with the technology they buy , via contractual terms , technological measures , or legal threats against reverse engineering and security audits .
Others have cracked down on customers who publish reports about bugs and security flaws .
As with any other digital device , a provider should allow customers to test and tinker with their devices and services to ensure that the device is actually working in the way it was promised .
3 . What happens to your additions to the book like annotations , highlights , and commentary ? ^
Why it matters : Readers are accustomed to annotating physical books in any number of ways .
They make notes in the margin , " dog- ear " the pages , lard them up with sticky notes , cut out favorite images , and frame them , etc .
When they are done , the original book may be significantly altered and possibly more valuable .
At the same time , those notes — which can provide an important window into a reader 's thoughts — need not be shared with others if the reader prefers to keep them private .
Unfortunately , annotations to books kept " in the cloud " may disappear .
An e-book provider might decide it no longer wants to retain the information .
Upgrades to the service may interfere with your ability to access old notes .
And e-book providers may limit your ability to share your notes with others .
On the flip side , as long as a provider keeps information about you , that information could be subject to disclosure .
That means you may not be able to control whether your notes are made available to law enforcement , your boss , or the general public .
What to look for :
Can you keep your additions ?
Are annotations and additions kept " in the cloud " or locally where you can always have access to them ?
Can you make a local backup of annotations in usable form ( note that for some e-books readers like the Kindle that have unique pagination and similar differences from physical or other e-books , this would likely require a local backup of the book plus annotations ) ?
What happens if the provider 's servers go down ?
What happens if the provider decides that it is simply too expensive to support the additional material ?
What happens if the vendor decides not to provide the book any longer ?
Can you control who has access to your additions ?
Can you share your notes with others ?
Can your provider use your notes for other purposes ( such as behavioral advertising ) ?
Are annotations and additions shared with third parties by the provider either through marketing agreements or other partner arrangements ?
If your notes are stored remotely with the service provider , will the provider require a warrant or court order before turning those notes over to third parties ?
4 . Do you own the book ? ^
Why it matters : Purchasers of physical books always have the book and can lend or sell the book whenever and however they would like .
They do n't risk losing their book if they fail to pay an ongoing fee , violate the terms of a license agreement , or if the vendor simply decides not to continue the service .
Their reading and use of the book is not — and without undue difficulty cannot be — monitored in the name of ensuring they stay within the terms of a license or for any other reason .
Ownership of books provides many protections like these .
It protects readers from censorship , fosters secondary markets ( i.e. , used bookstores ) that help protect us from price gouging , and helps less popular authors find new fans .
It also ensures that your books stay yours : once you 've purchased a book no one from the bookstore can come to your house later and demand the book back or hit a remote kill switch and do the same .
Perhaps most importantly , thanks to copyright 's first sale doctrine , once you have lawfully obtained your copy , you are entitled to resell the book or give it away .
This is what makes libraries , used bookstores , and giving books as gifts legal , all of which help authors as well as readers .
Readers are more willing to shell out more for a new book if they know they fully control its use and can re-sell that book later .
Further , the used book market helps support a continuing vibrant book culture by making books available to readers who cannot otherwise afford them .
Finally , borrowing books from friends or receiving books as gifts are a crucial means by which readers discover unfamiliar authors — which leads them to buy those authors ' next books .
Many readers expect that the same rules will apply to their e-book purchases .
However , electronic books have often been treated as " licensed " content , subject to legal and technical restrictions ( primarily , DRM ) that block readers ' ability to resell , lend , or gift an e-book .
More ominously , last year Kindle readers realized that their provider ( Amazon ) could actually reach down into their devices and pull books from their virtual shelves .
We expect to see many different models for accessing books to develop .
But given the crucial benefits that ownership provides to readers and to the larger interests in privacy and freedom of expression , readers should not accept a world where all we can ever do is " rent " a book , subject to the whims of a digital " landlord . "
What to look for : Can you lend or resell ?
One of the basic rights of ownership is the ability to lend , give away , or re-sell your property .
Does your provider allow you to do that with books you buy ?
If so , how easy is it ?
DRM or other technological incompatibilities may inhibit your ability to transfer your book , so investigate these issues before you buy .
Is it locked down or do you have the freedom to move it to other readers , services or uses ?
Another basic right of ownership is control — over both the products you buy and the devices you use .
Find out if you can read your book on your laptop if that 's more convenient .
And , ask whether upgrades or other normal hardware adjustments might mean loss of your books .
Can the vendor take it away or edit it after you 've purchased it ?
Does the device allow a provider or anyone else to delete , delete access to , or alter the books on your device ?
If so , you bought it , but you do n't really own it .
A remote " delete " or " edit " switch for purchased books should not be built into e-book readers or other devices .
5 . Is it censorship - resistant ? ^
Why it matters : Censorship resistance is one of the key benefits of buying books ( as opposed to merely renting them , for example ) .
When you own a book , that means you have the power to access it , preserve it , share it , and , if need be , hide it .
Those same abilities must be preserved for digital books , lest digital book services become automated censors beyond George Orwell and Ray Bradbury 's wildest dreams .
Indeed , as Farhad Manjoo has noted , if a provider can delete an entire book , it can doubtless delete portions of a book as well .
What is worse , such deletions may not always be the provider 's own choice :
If Apple or Amazon can decide to delete stuff you 've bought , then surely a court — or , to channel Orwell , perhaps even a totalitarian regime — could force them to do the same .
Like a lot of others , I 've predicted the Kindle is the future of publishing .
Now we know what the future of book banning looks like , too .
What to look for :
How easy is it to remove or edit books once access or possession has been given to readers ?
Every new technology for sharing information has been met with efforts by public and private entities to control and limit the information made available .
Censorship - resistant devices and services can make that effort harder by eliminating features that allow information to be deleted .
Is there a single entity that stores all the books , as in Google Books or the Kindle , such that political or legal pressure on that place might result in a loss of the work for all readers ?
By the same token , censorship - resistant devices and services will make sure information is dispersed , so there is no easy , central point of vulnerability .
Are the books stored in a location where censorship is historically a problem , such as China or Saudi Arabia , or in a place that is relatively free of censorship ?
A provider that cares about protecting access to knowledge will make sure its servers are located in a country with speech - friendly laws .
Are the copyright or other laws applicable to the books balanced , giving readers the protection of doctrines like fair use or copyright exceptions and limitations ?
Censorship can come in many forms — sometimes governments intervene to shut down speech , and sometimes copyright and trademark owners misuse their rights to do so ( e.g. , business tycoon Howard Hughes bought up newspaper and magazine copyrights in order to suppress access to interviews he gave ) .
To limit such " private " censorship , try to get books from providers located in countries that recognize speech - protecting doctrines like fair use .
6. Is It Burdened With Digital Rights Management ? ^
Why it matters : Early entrants in the digital books marketplace are already locking down their books with DRM , i.e. , technologies that limit what you can do with the content you buy , usually in the name of reducing copyright infringement .
Readers , authors , and publishers should take a hard look at the experience of DRM on digital music and reconsider the wisdom of this approach for digital books .
For readers , the lessons of DRM in digital music tell us that content restricted with DRM is less useful than content without DRM , and can even be dangerous .
As discussed above , DRM schemes applied to music have opened up security vulnerabilities on computers and spied on listening habits .
And , until its recent demise , DRM reduced consumer choice in music and music players .
Apple 's DRM scheme , for example , meant that purchases from Apple 's iTunes Store would only play on Apple 's own iPods .
For authors and publishers , the lessons are equally plain .
First , DRM will be no more effective at preventing unauthorized copying of books than it was for music .
In an era of inexpensive cameras and optical character recognition ( OCR ) technologies , scanning books will just get cheaper and easier over time .
Anything that can be read by humans can be photographed , OCR'ed , and uploaded — DRM will not change that .
Second , DRM inevitably alienates at least some potential customers .
Third , DRM will put the power in the hands of the technology companies that control the DRM standards , rather than authors and publishers , by locking customers and businesses into a proprietary platform .
Author Cory Doctorow sums up the problem : Imagine if , in addition to having control over what inventory they carry , [ the big box stores ] also carried your books in such a way that they could only be shelved on Walmart shelves , they could only be read in Walmart lamps , running Walmart light bulbs .
Imagine the lock - in to your customers and the lack of control over your destiny that you have signed up with if this is the path you pursue .
Well this is in fact what you get when you sell DRM'd ebooks or DRM'd music — in order to play back that DRM format , in order carry , manipulate or convert that DRM format , you have to license the DRM .
The company that controls licensing for the DRM controls your business to the extent that your business is reliant on this .
Some have argued that DRM is necessary for lending or leasing schemes .
In fact , there is already " digital loan " software in wide use by public libraries that does not bother to impose any DRM on e-books , opting instead to automatically delete the books after the load period has expired .
While users could defeat this by digging up and copying the underlying file , most users do n't bother , just like most Netflix subscribers do n't bother to copy the DVDs they rent , despite the ready availability of free software that can accomplish that goal .
Booksellers and publishers are still experimenting with digital book business models , and we support that experimentation .
But authors and publishers should heed the lessons that the music industry learned the hard way — DRM is bad for business .
What to look for :
Is there DRM ?
If so , how does it limit your use of the book ?
Can you still lend , gift or resell the book ?
What features are enabled and which have been disabled ?
DRM can come in many forms , some more pernicious than others .
It 's likely that vendors will experiment with different forms , which at least gives you an opportunity to vote with your wallets — just as music fans have .
Are you locked into a single reader technology or group of reader technologies , or can you choose any device you wish to read and otherwise use your book ?
As noted , readers ( not to mention authors and publishers ) should be especially wary of DRM that locks them into a particular proprietary technology .
Why would you want to give one company the ability to determine whether you 'll be able to access a book you love ?
Has the DRM been studied by independent researchers to confirm that it causes no security or other problems ?
Remember the rootkit .
Does it report on your activities or otherwise violate your privacy ?
As discussed above , some forms of DRM give the vendor ( or sometimes even a third party ) a window into the customer 's device .
Your reading habits are nobody 's business but your own , and selling you a book should n't become an excuse to monitor your activities .
7 . Does it promote access to knowledge ? ^
Why it matters : Digital books have the potential to transform access to knowledge , in the U.S. and abroad .
With physical books , access to books can be impeded by three barriers : archiving ( physical books are expensive to preserve ) ; indexing / search ( even where catalogues are available online , searching for relevant books on a given topic can be difficult , and many books are not yet indexed ) ; and obtaining books ( once you find a book you think you want , you may need to buy it , borrow it or , if you have access to a library with the right relationships , attempt to order it via interlibrary loan ) .
These barriers have traditionally hampered access to paper books ; in areas without resources or first - class libraries , access to books can be well - nigh impossible .
Digital books offer hope of reducing these traditional barriers to access .
But digital books will only live up to that promise if readers demand it .
What to look for :
Can authors and publishers easily dedicate their books to the public domain or Creative Commons or other flexible licensing schemes ?
Rights - holders should be able to dedicate their books to the public domain and / or have the option to license the books via a Creative Commons ( " CC " ) license or similar flexible licensing model .
For example , after pressure from academic authors and others , Google and the Authors Guild announced that authors and publishers of books included in Google Books would be able to dedicate their books to the public domain or have the option to use a CC - license .
For many rights - holders , promoting access and re-use of a work via a free CC license may be more valuable than charging readers .
But in order for authors and rights - holders to make this choice , technology companies have to design their systems to accommodate and support public domain and CC license options .
Can you trust your " digital librarian " to enable access to as many works as possible ?
Traditional libraries frown on limiting access to books unnecessarily .
The proposed Google Book Search service reserves to Google the right to exclude any book " for editorial reasons . "
If , as is possible , Google becomes the only viable source for digital orphan works , this means that Google will have extraordinary influence over public access to those works .
Is it available to people without money , as public libraries are ?
Digital book providers should ensure that readers in resource - poor areas have options for engaging with new digital resources .
For example , Google has , as part of its proposed Google Book Search settlement with authors and publishers , proposed offering a free public access terminal for the Google Books collection to every public library in America .
Is it cost - effective for people of limited means ?
The vast majority of global readers will never be able to afford the $ 300 Kindle 2 .
The best way to bring down costs is to foster vibrant , free - market competition in these technologies .
This is one reason we should fear DRM for books ; to the extent it impedes reverse engineering and interoperability ( either by code or by contract ) , it is also likely to impede innovation and competition .
( See below for a more detailed discussion of this . )
Is it available to people with disabilities ?
Booksellers , publishers , and authors must work together to enable accessibility features so that people with print disabilities can enjoy the vastly expanded world of books on the same terms as the rest of us .
Already , several leading e-book purveyors have taken steps to foster accessibility for digital books .
Other vendors , such as Amazon , have limited their accessibility features , bowing to pressure from misguided copyright owners .
U.S. Marshals have arrested a woman accused of shooting at a home and a vehicle in Salem and driving away Feb. 16 .
Kara Joye Ouderkirk , 20 , was taken into custody about 6:30 p.m. Monday in Portland .
Don Thomson , spokesman for the Marion County Sheriff 's Office , said marshals found in her vehicle a . 25 - caliber handgun thought to be used in the shooting .
Police allege that Ouderkirk got into an altercation with residents of a house in the 300 block of 47th Avenue Northeast in Salem the afternoon of Feb. 16 .
She threatened them and challenged them to a fight , but left after the residents refused to go outside .
As she drove away , witnesses told police , Ouderkirk fired several shots , hitting the house and a vehicle parked in front of it .
No one was injured , although the shots entered the house and shattered several of the vehicle 's windows .
Ouderkirk was booked into the Marion County Correctional Facility on counts of attempted murder and being a felon in possession of a firearm .
She also faces a Clackamas County warrant on theft of services .
Her bail was set at $ 95,000 .
Arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday in Marion County Circuit Court .
-- The Oregonian
Jeff Zucker was a fearless news producer and fast - rising entertainment executive who was just 41 when he became head of NBC Universal .
But in the last few years , the onetime whiz kid behind the “ Today ” show -- he turned Katie Couric into a star -- has made several costly miscalculations that have led to a spectacular fall by the country ’s premier television network .
Zucker ’s troubles were magnified this week when , with NBC facing a revolt by affiliate stations furious over their sinking ratings , he decided to move Jay Leno back to late night after less than four months .
The unusual measure was an acknowledgment that Zucker ’s gambit to shift the comedian into prime time had failed .
NBC ’s Leno flip - flop , which is shaping up to be one of the biggest debacles in television history , underscores how Zucker , who views himself as a maverick and a champion of change , now faces a decidedly different legacy .
Instead of the mogul with moxie who transformed television -- he called for “ a re-engineering of our businesses from top to bottom ” --
Zucker might better be remembered as the guy who plucked the peacock .
How Zucker found himself in such a fix is a study in how a chief executive , confronting wrenching changes to his business , reacts to challenges .
Now the network is bracing for more fallout : Will Conan O’Brien , who last spring became host of the storied “ Tonight Show , ” leave the network when Leno moves from 10 p.m. back to 11:35 p.m. , which could happen as soon as March ?
Will Leno remain content with a half - hour show , signing off at 12:05 a.m. to make room for O’Brien , if he stays ?
And how will NBC plug five hours of programming each week in Leno ’s vacated time slot ?
Some veteran TV executives believe the Leno imbroglio could ultimately cost more than $ 200 million , including the damage inflicted on stations ’ local newscasts , their ad rates and NBC programs , such as “ Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , ” which lost millions of viewers when its time period was changed .
They predicted that it could take years for NBC to rebuild .
“ Everything about this decision seems to have been a disaster , ” said Jeffrey Cole , director of the Center for the Digital Future at the USC Annenberg School for Communication .
“ It looks like NBC shot itself in the foot , the arm , the neck -- and everywhere else . ”
Zucker declined to be interviewed .
A senior NBC executive defended Zucker , saying , “ I think Jeff ’s legacy will be that of an innovator who was not afraid to take risks .
Not all big swings will work , but many will .
For those that do n’t work , you have to be smart enough to know when to make a change , and that is what he has done . ”
For much of his career , the 44 - year - old Harvard graduate has been the master of the quick fix .
Not enough hit shows on the profitable Thursday night ?
“ Supersize ” the sitcoms “ Friends ” and “ Will and Grace ” to 45 minutes .
Do n’t want to lose Jay Leno to a rival network ?
Give the late - night comedian his own show at 10 p.m .
That way , NBC could keep both Leno and O’Brien in the fold .
But while Zucker ’s facile management technique was suited for running a news operation , it ’s had different consequences on the entertainment side of the network , which Zucker took over a decade ago .
The implosion of NBC ’s prime time -- and potential damage to a TV institution , “ The Tonight Show ” -- can be traced to three major decisions :
In 2004 , assuming that the wry host Conan O’Brien was the future and Leno would be ready for retirement , Zucker agreed to give O’Brien “ The Tonight Show ” in 2009 .
At the time , it was a major coup for Zucker , the network ’s programming chief who was angling to be the next CEO .
But as 2009 approached , Leno continued to triumph in the ratings and was showing no signs of slowing down .
He groused on his show about his upcoming retirement , taking his unhappiness public .
Another blunder was when Zucker abruptly fired programming chief Kevin Reilly to hire the brash but inexperienced TV producer Ben Silverman to run NBC .
The network quickly discovered that Silverman was n’t cut out to be an executive , but instead of easing him out , Zucker staunchly defended him for two years .
Silverman created management turmoil and a string of duds that cost the network hundreds of millions of dollars .
Finally , in December 2008 , Zucker , fearful of losing a disgruntled Leno to rival ABC , wooed him into prime time , clearing the “ Tonight Show ” perch for O’Brien .
People close to Zucker said the decision was prompted by Zucker ’s desire to keep Leno at NBC and keep his 2004 promise to O’Brien .
Associates said Zucker boxed the network into an untenable position because of his tendency to focus on short - term gains and concern for perception .
In his eagerness to keep Leno and O’Brien from defecting to rival networks , he failed to anticipate the collateral damage a low - rated 10 p.m. show would inflict on the newscasts of NBC affiliates .
“ I think Jeff is a brilliant marketer and a brilliant tactician and a terrible strategist , ” said a former NBC executive who works in the TV industry and did not want to be named criticizing Zucker .
“ His view is , give people what they want at the time they want it .
He ’s not a long - term strategy guy . ”
Still , while Zucker ’s retreat on Leno may be embarrassing , few seem to think it will lead to his immediate ouster .
For one , General Electric signed a new three - year contract with Zucker in December , and no changes are expected until after NBC Universal ’s merger with Comcast Corp. closes .
“ The amazing thing about Jeff Zucker is nothing bad ever seems to stick on him , ” said Ethan Heftman , vice president and director of national broadcast at the ad buying firm Initiative .
“ He has a knack for whatever happens program - wise , he ’s able to deliver a level of profitability that appeases his bosses .
This is certainly a bigger deal than other things that did n’t work . ”
The network still may be able to reverse its fortunes if it uses the opportunity to reboot its prime - time lineup , television industry executives said .
“ It could be the silver lining in a season of dark clouds in that the network gets to start fresh with a creative and scheduling blank slate , which may be an unprecedented prime - time opportunity , ” said John Rash , senior vice president and director of media analysis at the Minneapolis - based advertising firm Campbell Mithun .
Indeed , TV writers who were dismayed when NBC turned the 10 p.m. hour over to Leno welcomed the notion that the network might once again be shopping for new programs .
“ I think we ’re all relieved , ” said veteran writer Tom Fontana , who has produced shows such as “ St. Elsewhere ” and “ Homicide , ” as well as last season ’s “ The Philanthropist . ”
“ We ’re going to get five hours of real estate back that we lost .
I ’m thrilled that NBC will be back in the drama business . ”
meg.james@latimes.com
matea.gold@latimes.com
Times researcher Scott Wilson contributed to this report .
While food and water was gradually arriving at the makeshift camps which have sprung up around the city , riots have broken out in other areas where supplies have still not materialised .
Three American soldiers injured in a scuffle at the airport yesterday lunchtime as they handed out food .
I ’m going to out on a limb and make the bold statement : the United States government wants you in debt , rather than you saving money .
Politics aside , I am going to discuss why I believe this statement to be true .
If you accept my premise , I will then discuss ways you can use it to your advantage .
Current Examples
Government taxes serve more than the purpose to fund federal obligations .
Taxes ( either increases or decreases ) have been a method in which a government can modify personal behavior .
If the government wants people to stop smoking , it creates a “ sin ” tax to make it more costly to smoke .
When a government offers tax incentives for acquiring debt , they are basically stating they want you to purchase things with debt .
The government then rewards you when you comply .
Why else would the government have implemented these policies to stimulate the economy ?
Federal Reserve policies have forced the average one - year CD interest rates to currently below 1.5 % APR .
In addition , the FDIC recently ruled banks that are not “ well capitalized ” will not be allowed to sell fixed investment products for more than 75 basis points ( or 0.75 % ) above the national average .
This effectively punishes savers and fixed income retirees , while rewarding people who have debt with lower loan rates .
Offering the Cash - for - Clunkers program rewarded people to buy new cars ( mostly likely with an auto loan ) , while trading in existing working cars ( more than likely these cars were debt free ) .
A tax credit of $ 8,000 to buy a home , originally just for first time homebuyers , now is for anyone .
Congress liked the plan so much , they have extended it into 2010 .
How many people bought a house with cash only ?
Why is it people who did not take on too much debt are indirectly punished , while others who over extended themselves are excused of their loans ?
Can you say moral hazard ?
It ’s been said many times over 70 % of the U.S. economy is consumer based .
If the consumer disappears what happens to the economy ?
This might be the core reason why the United States policy might be trying to continue spending any way possible .
Older Examples
You might be thinking , “ Investor Junkie , you must be a Republican , since you are mentioning policies of the current administration . ”
You 'd be wrong .
Examples have existed for many years regardless of which party controls government — some as long as the Federal Reserve has been in existence .
George W. Bush stated after 9/11 that we must go out and keep spending .
The Federal Reserve ’s economic policy has always favored inflation , while deflation is considered “ evil . ”
Deflation by itself is assumed to be bad , but that ’s not always the case .
Deflation helps savers as the value of your money saved increases .
Deflation when you have massive leverage ( as our government and many people on a personal level do ) makes debt cost more .
This causes the government to be in a bad situation ; so the goal of the Federal Reserve is to re-inflate what was deflated .
I personally believe the Federal Reserve is doing this at no cost spared , and will cause future ramifications .
Since the Federal Reserve has been created in 1913 the dollar has lost 95 % of its value .
Do n’t believe me ?
Visit The Inflation Calculator , and plug in one dollar , enter 1913 as the start year , and 2008 as the end year .
What cost $ 0.05 in 1913 now costs $ 1.00 .
Because of inflation the value of your money , if you do n’t do anything with it , decreases .
Would you rather save it , or immediately buy something with it ?
Better yet , if you buy with debt that debt will be worth less in the future .
Inflation causes you to make this decision .
Your home ’s mortgage interest is tax deductible .
Netherlands , Sweden , and Switzerland are the only other countries to offer a tax deduction , effectively saying you should not only buy a home , but also buy a home with debt .
Businesses can take on loans to purchase equipment and it ’s considered capital improvements .
When purchasing via a loan , you can take a tax deduction from the interest .
Freddie Mac , Fannie Mae , and banks were mandated by the federal government to make subprime loans .
Inflation , on average for the past 97 years , has been around 3.43 % .
This means any debt that ’s held for one year is worth 3.43 % less than it was the previous year .
The government taxes interest earned from most savings and investments .
Yet again you might be thinking , “ But Investor Junkie , the U.S. government offers tax deductions for retirement accounts . ”
Yes this is very true !
There are examples of tax deductions for savings , but it usually only delays taxes , and does not eliminate them .
Currently Roth IRAs are an exception to this rule .
Let ’s not forget about estate taxes .
If you have saved over the years and have a sizeable nest egg , a good portion of that nest egg could die with you .
By default , your heirs are taxed considerably on your inherited savings after a specific dollar amount .
Taxes are delayed , but usually never eliminated .
Use the U.S. government policy to your advantage !
From the many examples I have shown , the United States government wants you to acquire debt .
I ’m not sure this is a done on purpose or by accident .
Do n’t fret — not all is bad .
If you understand what ’s occurring , you can seize the opportunity .
How to take advantage of this situation :
Acquire fixed rate debt on assets that increase in value with inflation .
A perfect example is to own a home and real estate investments .
Use Bankrate.com web site to calculate your real interest rate after taxes .
Mortgage rates are at historic lows and probably will be higher in the future .
Where the government does offer incentives to save , use them .
This can include any of the following investments : 401K , 403b , IRA , Roth IRA , 529 .
If you believe we are going to have higher inflation in the next 10 - 30 years than the previous 30 years , you are best to purchase hard assets .
Commodities and real estate do very well in high inflation environments .
Plan methods to minimize or delay your taxes every step of the way , including at death .
For the more adventurous type , owning a business is another method to acquire debts that are tax deductible and earn income in the process .
In the end , it ’s been said the only sure things in life are death and taxes .
Having debt is also almost another sure thing , and best to use government policies to your advantage .
What are your thoughts on the topic ?
Do you think the government wants you in debt ?
Do you believe it ’s on purpose or by accident ?
Like this article ?
Pin it !
Dr Krugman said EMU had lured Spain into a debt bubble and left the country exposed to an " asymmetric shock " with no defence .
" If Spain had had its own currency , that currency might have appreciated during the real estate boom , then depreciated when the boom was over .
Since it did n't and does n't , however , Spain now seems doomed to suffer years of grinding deflation and high unemployment . "
He wants higher inflation to rescue eurozone deflators from their trap .
So does the IMF , implicitly .
But who in Europe will or can take that decision ?
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - A leading scientific journal will no longer publish research papers that receive any funding from tobacco companies , its editorial board said on Tuesday .
“ While we continue to be interested in analyses of ways of reducing tobacco use , we will no longer be considering papers where support , in whole or in part , for the study or the researchers come from a tobacco company , ” the PLoS Medicine ( Public Library of Science ) said in an editorial .
The magazine expressed concern at “ the industry ’s longstanding attempts to distort the science of and deflect attention away from the harmful effects of smoking .
“ That the tobacco industry has behaved disreputably - denying the harms of its products , campaigning against smoking bans , marketing to young people and hiring public relations firms , consultants and front groups to enhance the public credibility of their work -- is well documented . ”
Its new policy would be effective immediately .
PLoS Medicine is a well regarded journal covering the full spectrum of the medical sciences and belongs to the U.S. - based , non-profit organization Public Library of Science .
According to the Tobacco Atlas produced by the World Lung Foundation and American Cancer Society , there will be an estimated 6 million tobacco - related deaths in 2010 worldwide , rising to 7 million in 2020 .
The paper is availablehere .
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp ’s assault on search engine leader Google Inc took a major step forward on Thursday as U.S. and European regulators cleared the software company ’s search partnership with Yahoo Inc .
General view of Microsoft Corporation new headquarters in Issy - les- Moulineaux , near Paris in this October 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Charles Platiau / Files
The 10 - year deal , struck last July , is the biggest effort yet by Microsoft to establish an online business to rival Google , an area where Microsoft has lost $ 5 billion over the last four years .
“ Microsoft really has room to throw money at this , ” said Kim Caughey , senior analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group .
“ I think it can work .
If they can make inroads in specific target areas , they could have something positive to report . ”
Microsoft has already made some progress with its search engine , Bing , picking up 3.3 points of market share since its launch last June .
But Bing is not likely to “ push Google off a very big pedestal any time soon , ” said Caughey .
The battle for online search ads is only one front on a sprawling war for revenue between Microsoft and Google , which also encompasses operating systems and mobile phones .
But neither has yet managed to compete on equal terms in each other ’s core market .
“ In terms of our modeling , we really do n’t see any impact from Microsoft - Yahoo on our Google numbers , ” said Clayton Moran , an analyst at The Benchmark Co .
“ It does n’t change much in terms of the competitive dynamics of the industry right away , ” he warned .
“ From a Google perspective , looking out over the next couple of years , it ’s a nonevent . ”
The deal , cleared unconditionally by the U.S. Department of Justice and the European Commission on Thursday , is not expected to impact Microsoft ’s bottom line , but could lay the foundation of a profitable online business .
“ Really now , the goal is about share gain .
If we grow share , we will grow our way into profitability , and we have confidence we can do that , ” said Microsoft ’s Yusuf Mehdi , who is charged with making Bing and the MSN portal a financial success , in an interview with Reuters earlier this month .
Microsoft shares rose 1.2 percent and Yahoo ’s rose 0.7 percent on Nasdaq , in a broadly higher tech market .
The Justice Department ’s Antitrust Division said the deal was unlikely to substantially lessen competition .
U.S. market participants had expressed support for the partnership as a way to create a more viable alternative to Google , the division said in a statement issued late Thursday .
Google , which did not oppose the partnership , did not comment specifically on the regulatory approval but said that there has always been “ robust ” competition in the search ad business .
Its shares rose 1.1 percent .
HOW IT WORKS
The deal means Bing becomes the search engine for Microsoft and Yahoo sites , while Yahoo focuses on attracting big advertisers .
Microsoft will handle the automated auction of search ads for use on both companies ’ sites , and pay Yahoo a portion of search ad sales generated on Yahoo pages .
Microsoft is hoping that by making itself a single conduit for advertisers to access customers on both sites , it will become a credible alternative to Google .
Last month Yahoo handled 17 percent of U.S. Internet searches , while Microsoft took 11.3 percent , according to comScore .
Theoretically , that would now give Microsoft over 28 percent of search traffic , against Google ’s 65.4 percent .
“ At 30 points we are now a credible option , so that number matters , ” said Mehdi earlier this month .
Globally , Google is even more dominant , with 90 percent of the search market compared with 7.4 percent for a combined Yahoo and Bing , according to November data from Web research firm StatCounter .
FULLY COMPLETE EARLY 2012
The Microsoft - Yahoo deal was broadly expected to gain approval , but some had thought the companies might have to alter the deal ’s terms .
The partnership took months to hammer out last year .
It followed Microsoft ’s aborted $ 47.5 billion Yahoo takeover attempt the year before .
Google abandoned its own advertising deal with Yahoo in 2008 , which Microsoft opposed , under pressure from the U.S. Justice Department .
Approval means Microsoft can begin the task of putting its Bing search engine into Yahoo sites .
Neither company has laid out exactly how Yahoo ’s new search pages will look , but they will essentially be Bing searches with some customization of results by Yahoo .
The companies aim to get the partnership fully operational in the United States by the end of this year , with the transition of advertisers taking place before the holiday shopping season , if possible .
The partnership should be globally complete by early 2012 .
The deal had already been cleared by regulators in Australia , Brazil and Canada , but needed U.S. and European approval to take effect .
The companies said they are still working with regulators in Korea , Taiwan and Japan .
Neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have developed a powerful new class of tools to reversibly shut down brain activity using different colors of light .
When targeted to specific neurons , they could potentially lead to new treatments for abnormal brain activity associated with disorders including chronic pain , epilepsy , brain injury and Parkinson 's disease .
Such disorders could best be treated by silencing , rather than stimulating abnormal brain activity .
These new tools , or ' super silencers , ' exert exquisite control over the timing in which overactive neural circuits are shut down -- an effect that is not possible with existing drugs or other conventional therapies .
The National Science Foundation 's division of mathematical sciences supports the research through a grant to the Cognitive Rhythms Collaborative , which is comprised of four research groups in the Boston area focused on questions in neuroscience .
The collaborative brings together researchers with expertise ranging from experimental design to mathematical modeling .
The research paper , " High - Performance Genetically - Targetable Optical Neural Silencing by Light - Driven Proton Pumps , " appears in the Jan. 7 issue of the journal Nature .
" Silencing different sets of neurons with different colors of light allows us to understand how they work together to implement brain functions , " explains Ed Boyden , senior author of the study .
" Using these new tools , we can look at two neural pathways and study how they compute together , " he says .
The tools promise to help researchers understand how to control neural circuits , leading to new understandings and treatments for brain disorders .
Boyden , the Benesse Career Development Professor in the MIT Media Lab and an associate member of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT , calls brain disorders " some of the biggest unmet medical needs in the world . "
Boyden 's ' super silencers ' derive from two genes found in different natural organisms such as bacteria and fungi .
These genes , referred to as Arch and Mac , are light - activated proteins that help the organisms make energy .
When Arch and Mac are placed within neurons , researchers can inhibit their activity by shining light on them .
Light activates the proteins , which lowers the voltage in the neurons and safely and effectively prevents them from firing .
Arch is specifically sensitive to yellow light , while Mac is activated with blue light .
" In this way the brain can be programmed with different colors of light to study and possibly correct the corrupted neural computations that lead to disease , " explains co-author Brian Chow , postdoctoral associate in Boyden 's lab .
" Multicolor silencing dramatically increases the complexity with which you can study neural circuits , " says co-author Xue Han , another postdoctoral researcher in Boyden 's lab .
" We will use these tools to parse out the neural mechanisms of cognition . "
Determining whether Arch and Mac are safe and effective in monkeys will be a critical next step towards the potential use of these optical silencing tools in humans .
Boyden plans to use these ' super silencers ' to examine the neural circuits of cognition and emotion and to find targets in the brain that , when shut down , could relieve pain and treat epilepsy .
His group continues to mine the natural world for new and even more powerful tools to manipulate brain cell activity - - tools that he hopes will empower scientists to explore neural circuits in ways never before possible .
Additional funding for this research was provided by the National Institutes of Health , the McGovern Institute Neurotechnology Program at MIT , the Department of Defense , the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression , the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , Jerry and Marge Burnett , the Society for Neuroscience , the MIT Media Lab , the Benesse Foundation , the Wallace H. Coulter Foundation and the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation .
Hurray for our scientists ( Image : Hasan Sarbakhshian / AP / Press Association Images )
It might be the Chinese year of the tiger , but scientifically , 2010 is looking like Iran ’s year .
Scientific output has grown 11 times faster in Iran than the world average , faster than any other country .
A survey of the number of scientific publications listed in the Web of Science database shows that growth in the Middle East – mostly in Turkey and Iran – is nearly four times faster than the world average .
Science - Metrix , a data - analysis company in Montreal , Canada , has published a detailed report ( PDF ) on “ geopolitical shifts in knowledge creation ” since 1980 .
“ Asia is catching up even more rapidly than previously thought , Europe is holding its position more than most would expect , and the Middle East is a region to watch , ” says the report ’s author , Eric Archambault .
Advertisement
World scientific output grew steadily , from 450,000 papers a year in 1980 to 1,500,000 in 2009 .
Asia as a whole surpassed North America last year .
Nuclear , nuclear , nuclear
Archambaut notes that Iran ’s publications have emphasised inorganic and nuclear chemistry , nuclear and particle physics and nuclear engineering .
Publications in nuclear engineering grew 250 times faster than the world average – although medical and agricultural research also increased .
Science - Metrix also predicts that this year , China will publish as many peer - reviewed papers in natural sciences and engineering as the US .
If current trends continue , by 2015 China will match the US across all disciplines – although the US may publish more in the life and social sciences until 2030 .
China ’s prominence in world science is known to have been growing , but Science - Metrix has discovered that its output of peer - reviewed papers has been growing more than five times faster than that of the US .
Euro - puddings
Meanwhile , “ European attitudes towards collaboration are bearing fruit ” , writes Archambaut .
While Asia ’s growth in output was mirrored by North America ’s fall , Europe , which invests heavily in cross - border scientific collaboration , held its own , and now produces over a third of the world ’s science , the largest regional share .
Asia produces 29 per cent and North America 28 per cent .
Scientific output fell in the former Soviet Union after its collapse in 1991 and only began to recover in 2006 .
Latin America and the Caribbean together grew fastest of any region , although its share of world science is still small .
Growth in Oceania , Europe and Africa has stayed at about the same rate over the past 30 years .
Only North American scientific output has grown “ considerably slower ” than the world as a whole .
“ The number of papers is a first - order metric that does n’t capture quality , ” admits Archambaut .
There are measures for quality , such as the number of times papers are cited , and “ Asian science does tend to be less cited overall ” .
But dismissing the Asian surge on this basis is risky , he feels .
“ In the 1960s , when Japanese cars started entering the US market , US manufacturers dismissed their advance based on their quality ” – but then lost a massive market share to Japan .
The important message , he says , is that “ Asia is becoming the world leader in science , with North America progressively left behind ” .
W3C standards define an Open Web Platform for application development that has the unprecedented potential to enable developers to build rich interactive experiences , powered by vast data stores , that are available on any device .
Although the boundaries of the platform continue to evolve , industry leaders speak nearly in unison about how HTML5 will be the cornerstone for this platform .
But the full strength of the platform relies on many more technologies that W3C and its partners are creating , including CSS , SVG , WOFF , the Semantic Web stack , XML , and a variety of APIs .
W3C develops these technical specifications and guidelines through a process designed to maximize consensus about the content of a technical report , to ensure high technical and editorial quality , and to earn endorsement by W3C and the broader community .
If you are learning about Web technology , you may wish to start with the introduction below , and follow links for greater detail .
Blind dates
Remember Cilla ?
Our Graham ?
That moment when the screen rolled back and you wondered if the couple seeing each other for the first time would last ?
This is the real - life version .
Will your blind date be a charismatic future partner or a charmless buffoon ?
If a friend sets you up , the prospective date should be vetted and at least half decent .
But if you 'd prefer to put your love life in the hands of professionals , try agencies such as sittinginatree .
co.uk , where matchmakers meet you and ask what you want in a partner ( tall , dark , handsome etc ) .
The downside of blind dates is that you are privy to no information prior to the date , which can be liberating but can also lead to tedium .
Some people might use a blind date to reinvent themselves , so watch out for anything that seems fishy , and there 's always the chance you 'll have nothing in common ( check out our tips for making a quick getaway on page 19 ) .
Classified ads
If you 're a traditional romantic at heart , why not log on to a classifed site such as singlesclub .
co.uk , which ditches profiles in favour of old - skool personal ads .
Here , you 'll find a world of acronyms , talking about hobbies and stating who you WLTM .
The lack of photos makes deception much easier , so beware .
Another problem with classified sites is making your ad stand out .
With so many competing ads , it 's tempting to resort to shock tactics , which is probably ill - advised .
Dating websites
Online dating enables you to be picky and makes you really think about what you want in a partner .
It puts you in control , which can be helpful for people who are just entering the dating scene again after a while away .
E - flirting is fun , and the anonymity makes it easier to reveal things about yourself and not care so much about rejection .
It 's also a chance to meet people outside your circle of friends .
Potential drawbacks include people being dishonest in their profile , or simply finding there 's no chemistry once you log off and meet up .
Dating sites are booming , and they come in every shape and size .
Guardian Soulmates works well for many people because you 're more likely to find someone with a similar outlook .
But no matter your views , status or hobbies , there is a site for you - from those for the older dater ( fiftyalready.com ) and daters with children ( kno.org.uk ) to sites for veggies and pet lovers .
With specialist sites , you can be sure everyone else is in the same boat , although they are more likely to rule out the opposites attract law .
Hobbies
The more like - minded people you meet , the more likely you are to find someone special .
It 's that simple .
So instead of spending hours on end in bars and clubs , why not take up a hobby ?
Whether it 's dance classes , a language course , a book - swapping club or something completely different , surrounding yourself with people who have similar interests simply increases your chances of meeting someone you might like .
Since you 'll share common ground , it also means you wo n't have to agonise over how to break the ice .
As long as you 're honest and take up something you 're genuinely interested in ( ie do n't join a dance class just because you imagine there 'll be plenty of hot , single women attending ) , you really do n't have anything to lose .
Holidays
Travelling solo can be a bit intimidating unless you adore chatting to strangers .
Luckily , there are now a plethora of singles ' holiday sites , some specifically geared to encouraging romance and some that simply aim to give you a great time with like - minded people ( spiceuk.com , solosholidays.co.uk ) .
Holidays often involve outdoor or adventure activities , so they 're handy for finding partners that share your hobbies .
Also , group activities and organised dinners provide the perfect opportunity to find out more about people in a pressure - free environment .
The pitfalls ?
You could realise once the holiday is over that you do n't really feel a spark , or that back in the UK you live too far away to continue anything .
Office romance
We spend most of our time there , and statistically it 's the place where one in five of us will meet our wife or husband .
It 's easy to see how drinks after work can lead to a messy kiss with a colleague , but for those who decide to take it further , bear the following in mind : it 's more likely to succeed if you work in different departments ; make sure you keep up that professionalism ( no staring longingly at each other in meetings ) ; and avoid kissing in the office .
Meet for lunch , by all means , but refrain from discussing any relationship problems openly in the office .
If you can stick to those guidelines , and enjoy the convenience of having a loved one close by , go for it !
' Smirting '
Smirting ( flirting while smoking ) arrived with the introduction of the smoking ban , and has helped make flirting that little bit easier .
You 're outside , which eliminates the noisy din of the bar , and you get to chat to people outside your social circle .
Smoking is an instant conversation starter , and there 's something rather intimate about leaning in to light a cigarette ( forgetting what it will do to your health , of course ) .
Problems can arise , however , if you discover a smoker 's other half is sitting inside .
Social networking
Social networking sites such as Facebook can work wonders with your love life .
With more than 140 million active users , Facebook is great for getting back in touch with that guy you fancied at college , but it's also a tool for taking things further with someone you met at a party - and less obvious than asking for a phone number .
Unless the user has a private account , you can also check out , or vet , dates - to - be before you meet , which apparently is no longer taboo among the social networking community .
One downside is that people in relationships can use Facebook to cheat ( you need a password , so it 's easier to keep secrets ) .
Speed dating
Gone are the days of long walks in the park and candlelit dinners .
In their place ?
Speed dating , the wham - bam approach to courting .
It 's quick , fun and you get to do it with lots of people .
There 's also speed hating , which takes a similar idea - numerous three - to five - minute windows , allowing you to meet lots of prospective partners in one fell swoop - only instead of idle chit - chat , you bond over pet peeves .
On the plus side , speed dating is painless and a great icebreaker .
But if you were n't a fan of The Generation Game , this may not be for you ; speed dating is like being placed on a gigantic dating conveyer belt .
Will you be able to remember anything , let alone who you clicked with , 25 dates in ?
Where should we go ?
First date : Keep it simple by going for coffee or after - work drinks .
This is especially important on blind dates , when a quick getaway may be required .
If you 're feeling more adventurous , try something new such as a dance or craft class .
Whatever you do , keep it relaxed and make sure you 're able to chat freely .
Second date :
What about a cosy pub quiz or comedy club - maybe after a bite to eat somewhere simple ?
If you must take in a gig or movie , make sure you go for a quiet drink afterwards - conversation is key .
Third date :
It may be time to try a more unusual environment , which will help you discover more about each others ' interests .
A trip to the zoo or a special event at a local art gallery might be fun .
If you feel like dressing up , try a day at the races or night at the opera .
" You can't build a museum on the bones of our grandfathers and call it the Museum of Tolerance , " Mustafa Abu Zahra told me , as we walked round what remains of the largest Arab cemetery in West Jerusalem .
Beyond the trees and the stone tombs that cover the southern half of the cemetery , we could see the white metal fence that enclosed the construction site of a project that has aroused fierce opposition in the six years since its inception .
Even its name seems a mockery of the spirit of religious co-operation that the city of Jerusalem - so central to the adherents of three related faiths - is supposed to represent : " It 's not about tolerance or love between nations , ' said Abu Zahra .
' It 's about the violation of a sacred site . "
I 'd met Abu Zahra at his shop in the Musrara quarter .
When I arrived , customers were drinking coffee in the front , and Abu Zahra was receiving visitors at a desk in a storeroom piled high with sacks of rice and tinned goods .
Yet he is not just a shop owner and businessman : he is also mutawalli , or guardian , of Mamilla Cemetery .
When his guests had left , he drove me round the walls of the Old City to his diminishing realm , amid the air - conditioned shopping malls and upmarket hotels of West Jerusalem .
The journey took only five minutes , but it exposed some of the cultural contrasts that inform the debate about Mamilla 's future .
Abu Zahra 's shop sells everything from figs and spices to cornflakes and cleaning fluid , but once we'd left the market stalls and crowded streets around Damascus Gate , we found ourselves in a very different part of the city .
Mamilla used to lie on the edge of the impoverished no - man 's - land that divided the Israeli and Jordanian sections of the city , but since Israel conquered and annexed East Jerusalem in the Six Day War of 1967 , it has become a prime piece of land .
Jerusalem 's best - known hotel , the King David , is 200 metres up the hill ; the Waldorf Astoria group is investing $ 100 m ( £ 60 m ) in another luxury hotel on the street that runs along its southern border .
The American consulate in West Jerusalem and Mamilla Mall lie within sight of its gates .
It is probably not surprising that Mamilla 's paved avenues , dusty paths and open spaces have gradually been eroded .
In 1958 , ten years after the state of Israel came into being , its western half was appropriated for Independence Park , and in 1964 a multi-storey car park was built on its northern edge .
Yet it is the plan to build the Museum of Tolerance where the car park used to stand that has piqued those such as Abu Zahra , who sees it as nothing less than an attempt to erase the history of the Arab presence in Jerusalem .
The Museum of Tolerance is being developed by the Simon Wiesenthal Centre ( SWC ) , an " international Jewish human rights organisation " , named after the renowned Austrian Nazi- hunter .
It already owns the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles and the Tolerance Centre in New York ; in 2004 , it inaugurated the Museum of Tolerance in Jerusalem at a ceremony attended by Arnold Schwarzenegger , governor of California and the son of an Austrian policeman who joined the Nazi Party in 1938 .
The celebrity architect Frank Gehry designed a flamboyant building in steel and glass , but the initial phases of ground - breaking and construction unearthed several hundred skeletons .
Religious and civic organisations demanded that the SWC abandon work and seek another site .
The waqf , or religious trust , which is responsible for Mamilla , petitioned the high court to stop the building work , as did a human rights organisation representing three Jerusalem families whose ancestors are buried in the cemetery .
In February 2006 the court issued an injunction , and work stopped for two years .
But on 28 October 2008 the high court ruled that it could resume , and placed the onus on the Muslim authorities to accept the SWC 's offers to reinter the remains elsewhere , clean up the modern Muslim cemetery to the south of the site and establish an appropriate monument to those who were buried there .
Rabbi Marvin
Hier , the dean and founder of the SWC , claims that " all citizens of Israel " - Jews and non-Jews - would be the " real beneficiaries " of the decision .
" Moderation and tolerance have prevailed .
The museum . . . will be a great landmark promoting principles of mutual respect and social responsibility , " he says .
Others point out that the SWC campaigned for 15 years to remove a Carmelite convent from the grounds of Auschwitz , arguing that nothing should be built on the " single largest unmarked human graveyard in history " , and say Mamilla should be accorded similar respect .
Rabbi
Hier says the comparison is " ludicrous " , not least because " the Arabs " did not treat the site as a cemetery when it was a car park .
He maintains that the religious leaders of the Muslim community have ruled that the site was mundras , or abandoned , and says that in 1946 there were plans to build a university on the land .
But critics say he has misread the nature of such schemes .
According to Yehoshua Ben-Arieh , a professor of geography at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem who is one of the leading authorities on the city 's recent history , they were " curiosities " that were never likely to be implemented .
Shattered stone
Besides , what the Mufti of Jerusalem might once have sanctioned is not the point , Ben-Arieh says : what matters is the way in which Israel is treating an important Muslim site located within its sovereign territory .
Gershon Baskin , an Israeli Jew who runs a joint Palestinian - Israeli public policy organisation called Ipcri , recalls the reaction when Israel captured East Jerusalem in 1967 and discovered that many graves in the cemetery on the Mount of Olives had been damaged or destroyed .
“ Imagine the outrage if the Palestinians were building a Museum of Tolerance - or anything else - on what was once a Jewish cemetery , " he says .
" Would it matter if the cemetery was not active and in use since 1948 , or that it was being done legally ?
“ The Wiesenthal Centre project in Jerusa­lem is a disgrace to the Jewish people , the state of Israel and the city of Jerusalem .
Shimon Wiesenthal would be turning in his grave if he knew what is happening in his name . "
When construction at Mamilla resumed , several months after the high court verdict , hundreds more skeletons were exhumed and transferred to a mass grave .
It was n't possible to see what was going on behind the high white fence that sealed the perimeter of the site , but the British artist Sarah Beddington filmed from the windows of a nearby building for a video installation that featured in an exhibition called " The Other Shadow of the City " .
Abu Zahra estimates that Mamilla is now a tenth of its original size , and the erosion of its borders is still going on .
Recently , a section in the south - eastern corner of the cemetery , beyond the deep stone basin called Mamilla Pool , which was often used as a water source for armies besieging the Old City of Jerusalem , has been fenced off as a workman 's yard , and the Jerusalem Municipality has begun storing rubbish bins in the south - west corner .
Even the few remaining graves are not safe : many of the headstones have been defaced or destroyed .
" They have eliminated every stone here that has the name of the man inside , because they do n't want anyone to claim them , " says Abu Zahra .
He believes that if the museum is built , it will not be long before the rest of Mamilla is appropriated by developers .
" They will find a way to take more of the land , and step by step they will destroy the cemetery . "
As we walked , he pointed out the shattered headstones of some of the tombs and translated some of the inscriptions on the few that remain intact .
There was one commemorating the death of the " deceased martyr Ameen Abdelmo 'ti Abu al - Fdel al - Alami , Sheikh and Imam " who died in 1346AH or " after Hejira " ( AD1927 ) , a reference to the Prophet Muhammad 's journey from Mecca to Medina in AD581 , which marks the beginning of the Islamic age .
Some people claim that Mamilla has graves dating to the era of Salah ah - din ( or Saladin ) , who drove the Crusaders out of the Holy Land and recaptured Jerusalem , though archaeologists suggest most of them are no more than 400 years old .
What no one disputes is that it contains the graves of sheikhs , imams , scholars , military leaders and members of the city 's most important Arab families .
" The name means ' a piece of heaven on earth ' , and it was a great honour to be buried there , " says Raed Duzdar , whose ancestor is buried in the south - east corner of the plot , overlooking the site of the Waldorf Astoria hotel .
Ahmad Agha Duzdar was the Ottoman governor of Jerusalem between 1838 and the early 1860s .
In 2005 the Turkish consulate helped Raed Duzdar renovate his grave .
The tall , white stone , engraved with a red star and crescent and inscriptions in English and Arabic , was destroyed a few weeks later .
All that is left of it is a few fragments of shattered stone .
Duzdar does not know who committed the act of vandalism , but he blames the authorities that allowed the SWC to develop the northern part of the site .
" The government and the municipality say they 're preaching tolerance , but they are allowing this ugly thing to be done to us in Jerusa­lem . "
He says that the sanctity of the cemetery is eternal .
" No religion would accept the destruction of graves .
It 's very sinful . "
Project stalls
Since the high court 's verdict , Baskin has come up with various plans to stop the project .
He was a signatory to another suit filed at the high court , claiming that the Israel Antiquities Authority , which prepared the site for construction , had misled the court about the number of burials it unearthed .
Baskin has tried to persuade the Sephardi chief rabbi , Shlomo Amar , and his predecessor Ovadia Yosef , head of the ultra-Orthodox Shas party , to declare the site " unclean " because of the remains disinterred in the construction process .
Yet Baskin never held out much hope that any of the suits would succeed and began to fear that the museum was a " done deal " .
Yet last November , it seemed there had been an unexpected reprieve - work on the site appeared to stop , and the announcement that Gehry had left the project seemed to confirm it had begun to falter .
The SWC maintains that it has spent the past two months removing pipes from the site .
However , it has conceded that it is redesigning the project " to reflect today 's world economic realities " ; the budget has been cut from $ 250 m to $ 100 m , and the size of the complex has been halved .
Rabbi
Hier says that the SWC already has half the funds in place , and it will soon be holding a competition to find an Israeli architect to redesign the museum .
Gehry has denied that his decision to quit was prompted by " perceived political sensitivities " , and Rabbi Hier refuses to acknowledge the anger over the destruction of Mamilla , saying that SWC members intend to " refocus all of our energies on bringing to Jerusalem , and the people of Israel , a project of crucial significance to its future " .
Baskin believes it will be a disaster if the rabbi succeeds , and yet , in some ways , the damage has already been done - no matter what happens next , the SWC will not be able to reinter the human remains dug from Mamilla .
Nor will it be able to undo the offence it has caused the likes of Abu Zahra with its ill - considered attempts to spread " a message of tolerance between peoples " .
Edward Platt is a contributing writer of the NS
Ellen DeGeneres CoverGirl Ad , Idol Promo ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
Award winning daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres has filmed a new commercial for CoverGirl .
She shared some footage on her show yesterday and we 've got the photos and video .
Ellen is also featured in a new " American Idol " promo , giving fans a first glimpse at the popular show 's newest judge .
Ellen will appear alongside Randy , Kara and Simon on AI Season 9 .
Check out photos and video below .
Alpha , Beta , Delta , and the Nullstellensatz
A connection between the Nullstellensatz and definitions of injective maps
David Hilbert was one , if not the , greatest mathematicians whose career spanned the and centuries .
His famous 23 open problems shaped mathematics throughout the last century , and their effect is still felt today .
The address where he presented the problems started :
Who of us would not be glad to lift the veil behind which the future lies hidden ; to cast a glance at the next advances of our science and at the secrets of its development during future centuries ?
What particular goals will there be toward which the leading mathematical spirits of coming generations will strive ?
What new methods and new facts in the wide and rich field of mathematical thought will the new centuries disclose ?
Today , most of our presentations are informal : we use powerpoint ; we do not read from a written script , we get questions during the talk — it hard to imagine a talk like Hilbert ’s ever again .
What a beautiful opening :
Who of us would not be glad to lift the veil behind which the future lies hidden ;
An impossible act to follow .
Today I want to talk about a famous theorem of Hilbert ’s , called the Nullstellensatz .
This theorem has played an important role in many aspects of complexity theory .
However , I have a somewhat different view of why the theorem is important : it is all about the Greek letter .
I cannot resist telling you a story about the Greek alphabet .
When I first got to Georgia Tech , I was working with Mary Jean Harrold on a program testing project .
The project had a quite neat idea — all hers — but I was helping a bit .
One thing I really did not like was the name of the project : it was not very catchy nor was it descriptive .
One day it occurred to me what to call the project : call it the delta project .
My reasoning was there already was alpha testing and beta testing , so the natural next advance had to be delta testing .
I sent an email to Mary Jean , with my suggested name and why it was the right name for the project .
She sent back a short message : Dick , great idea on the name , but in the Greek alphabet it is : alpha , beta , gamma , She called the project Gamma .
So much for my understanding of the Greek alphabet .
Oh well .
Hilbert ’s Nullstellensatz
In German , according to Wikipedia , “ Nullstellensatz ” means the “ theorem of zeros , ” or more literally , “ zero - locus - theorem . ”
Theorem : Suppose that are polynomials in .
Then , they have no common zero if and only if there are polynomials also in so
As with many “ if and only if ” theorems one direction is easy and one is hard .
The easy direction is : if the equation ( 1 ) has a solution , then there can be no common zero .
For if
have a common zero , then
a contradiction .
The hard direction is : if the equations
have no common zero , why should the polynomials exist ?
This is the core of the theorem , and works because is an algebraically closed field .
Further , there are quantitative versions of the Nullstellensatz , where the degrees of the polynomials are bounded by an explicit function of , , and the maximum degrees of the ‘s .
These bounds are used in a moment .
An Application
Why is this theorem important ?
Usually a theorem is important if it has many applications .
There are other reasons , but this is the main one .
There are exceptions : Fermat ’s Last Theorem is probably more important for the proof technology used by Andrew Wiles , than for applications of the theorem .
Indeed , I believe that there are few applications of Fermat ’s Last Theorem — of course it is still one of the great results of number theory .
Why is this theorem , the Nullstellensatz , important ?
It is because it has many applications .
The application I will present in a moment is a complexity theory oriented one .
Consider a polynomial map .
An important property the map may have is : it is an injective map .
The definition of this property is simple :
Note , this is the usual definition of injective : a map is injective if any two distinct points map to distinct values .
In general there is not much more to say , but in the special case when the map is a polynomial mapping and the field is the complex numbers , one can say much more .
Because of the Nullstellensatz , there is completely different different characterization of being injective .
A mapping is injective if and only if
where is a conjunction of polynomial equations that depend only on the variables .
I will explain the details of , but the key is it uses only existential quantifiers .
Thus , the notion of “ injective ” can be expressed both as a universal formula and as an existential formula .
The former is the standard definition ; the latter is only possible because we have access to the Nullstellensatz .
The ability to express a universal property by an existential one is very special , and helps me understand why the Nullstellensatz is so powerful .
I hope it also helps you .
The Greek letter is used to denote the property of being representable as universal and existential formulas .
In complexity theory , for example , problems in both NP and co-NP are special , and this complexity class is denoted by .
Proving — in 1975 — that primality was unconditionally in , by Vaughan Pratt , was a beautiful result .
Proving — in the future ?— that graph isomorphism is in would be another beautiful result .
How to Express Injective as an Existential Formula
I owe you the description of .
To avoid excessive notation let be the map
where and are polynomials .
Then , consider the following equations :
They have a solution if and only if there are values so and .
There is a similar set of equations for the case where .
Let ’s restrict our attention to the first case : .
Then , by the Nullstellensatz the equations have no solution if and only if there are polynomials , , and so that
The effective version of the Nullstellensatz allows us to write out this equation in terms of the coefficients of the polynomials .
This finally yields a set of equations that have a solution if and only if the original 1 - 1 condition was true .
This defines the formula , .
Open Problems
Did this example application help with the understanding of why the Nullstellensatz is important ?
What are other applications of the Nullstellensatz to problems relevant to complexity theory ?
There have been few direct tests of the body - weight effect , said Hirofumi Tanaka , an exercise physiologist at the University of Texas at Austin .
Most of them were done in the 1970s and involved subjects who were asked to run with weights on their backs or ankles .
Sure enough , the heavier the people were , the tests showed , the harder they had to work to run at a given speed .
But the runners ’ forms were not affected by the extra weight , Dr. Tanaka said .
That means that you would probably run the same way if you were heavier .
But it would be a lot harder to run at your usual pace , and you ’d end up running more slowly .
How much is less clear .
Beth Parker , the director of exercise physiology research at Hartford Hospital in Connecticut , said that , for runners , the general rule is that a 1 percent reduction in weight leads to a 1 percent increase in performance .
So , why not just be as thin as you can be ?
The problem is that everyone has a point at which further weight loss actually makes their performance worse , said Dr. Mark Tarnopolsky , a muscle metabolism researcher and physiologist at McMaster University in Ontario .
Dr. Tarnopolsky , who is a nationally ranked athlete in winter triathlons , adventure racing and ski orienteering , said that people vary so much that there is no formula to figure out the perfect weight .
When Dr. Tarnopolsky was in graduate school , he saw the delicate balance between losing just enough and too much .
He and his friends would experiment , losing or gaining a few pounds and testing their VO2 maxes , a measure of the body ’s ability to get oxygen to muscles during exercise .
In theory , the less you weigh , the higher your VO2 max should be , relative to body weight .
A neuroscientist trained at an elite American university has been found guilty of two charges of attempted murder after she tried to kill US agents in Afghanistan in 2008
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A Pakistani neuroscientist trained at an elite American university has been found guilty of two charges of attempted murder after she tried to kill US agents in Afghanistan in 2008 .
The conviction , which could see Aafia Siddiqui sentenced to life in prison , is the latest chapter in a life story that has baffled observers and divided legal opinion .
The scientist has been accused of being an al - Qaida sympathiser , but has claimed that she was kidnapped and held in secret detention by the US for five years before her arrest .
She was never charged with terrorism , but prosecutors called her a grave threat who was carrying " a road map for destruction " bomb - making instructions and a list of New York City landmarks when she was captured .
As jurors left the courtroom following her conviction , Siddiqui raised her arm and shouted : " This is a verdict coming from Israel , not America . "
Then she turned to the public benches and said : " Your anger should be directed where it belongs .
I can testify to this and I have proof . "
Her lawyer , Elaine Sharp , said : " This verdict is based on fear , not on fact . "
Siddiqui , 37 , was found guilty of two counts of attempted murder , armed assault , using and carrying a firearm and assault of US officers and employees .
The jury found , however , that the crime had not been premeditated .
The charges related to her arrest at an Afghan police station in 2008 .
The prosecution alleged that as US agents were coming to interrogate her , she grabbed a military rifle and opened fire shouting " Allahu Akbar " , Arabic for God is great .
None of the officers were hurt , but they returned fire and Siddiqui was injured .
Siddiqui took a degree from MIT and then gained a PhD in cognitive neuro­science at Brandeis University .
She returned to Pakistan in 2002 , and a year later she mysteriously disappeared .
There 's been a lot written lately about the NYC startup scene .
It 's exploding .
It 's hot .
Etc.
And all that is true .
But as a first - time founder trying to raise capital and achieve product - market fit , the question for me is not " Is NYC hot ? " or even " Is NYC becoming a better startup hub ? " so much as it is " Is NYC the best place to locate my startup ? "
And on that question , I 'm not sure the answer is yes .
See , here 's the thing :
As far as I can tell , startups face two main environmental challenges :
1 ) Raising Capital
2 ) Finding Talent
Here 's how NYC scores on this ...
Raising Capital
Good : Folks like Chris Dixon , Betaworks and Fred Wilson are here .
Smart , visionary investors .
Bad : Folks like Chris Dixon , Betaworks , and Fred Wilson are a TINY fraction of the market .
In reality , the capital markets in NYC are flooded with Wall Streeters turned venture capitalists .
These are people who know how to analyze and pick in assets , not people who know how to build companies .
These are people who do dumb shit like ask about pricing for a premium version of a genuinely novel product ( in a category with no existing market ) that has n't even launched yet ... in the first meeting .
# VCFAIL
( Ok , there 's some exceptions , but not tons ... )
And in this environment , the entrepreneur - investors stand out in sharp contrast to the platoons of walking checkbook geniuses that roam Manhattan .
Yet the founder types are few and far between .
So what does this mean for the Founder / CEO trying to raise money in NYC ?
Well , from what I can tell , a few things ...
a ) Weak Angel Network
Good luck finding angels in NYC who understand early - stage tech investing .
Technically , they 're out there ... somewhere .
But they 're fucking hard to find .
And let 's get real : Smart founders want angels , not VC's !
Angels are the ones who invest at the earliest , most risky stage .
They 're the startup equivalent of breast milk .
And NYC has a big fat shortage .
( e.x. " NY Angels " is one of those pay - to - pitch schemes that Jason Calacanis is crusading against )
b ) Only a few bullets
A corollary to the weakness of NYC's angel network :
There 's only a handful of top - tier folks in the neighborhood and if you do n't get one of them excited , you 're SOL .
This means you better wow 'em right out the gates .
No learning on the job .
c ) Harder to create competition around a deal ***
As my peeps at Venture Hacks have so adamantly advised : Founders should ALWAYS try to create competition around a deal .
The more competitors in a market , the easier it is to get the swarm mentality going .
And of course , the converse is true as well : the smaller the number of players , the lower your chances of getting someone excited and tripping off the investor feeding frenzy .
This is especially true at the seed and angel stage , which remain stubbornly local as far as capital markets go .
Think of it like going to a party : the more women at the party , the more likely one of them likes you , the more likely it is you get laid .
Lesson :
Go to parties with more women ... err , VCs .
d ) Lower valuations
The logical outcome of this dynamic : lower valuations and shittier deal terms .
Now , to be clear , I 'M NOT SPEAKING FROM EXPERIENCE at this point .
But it makes sense :
If you 're a young startup with an unproven team targeting a big market , the good investors are investing as much in you as they are in the product / market / idea .
If you have fewer sources of capital investing in this type of good ( because so few of them made their money in tech , where this is normal ) , a simple economics model will tell you that the cost of capital will rise––ie lower valuations and shittier terms .
e ) Slower deal cycles
So ... if it 's harder to raise angel money and create competition around a sale of your startup 's equity ( ie a " deal " ) , then it 's probably gonna take more time to raise money .
f ) Competitive disadvantage
In startups and war , SPEED KILLS .
And let 's get real : Raising money is a gigantic waste of fucking time .
Each minute you spend hobnobbing with and strategizing RE : investors is a minute you do n't spend on product or customer development .
This is why at SpeakerText we 've developed a hierarchy regarding our priorities as a company ( actually , we just ripped it off from Johnson & Johnson ) : Customers > Employees > Society > Investors .
Essentially , raising capital is a gigantic - if - necessary waste of time .
Having to spend more time on this task puts you at a strategic disadvantage versus your competition .
Finding Talent
Good : NYC has gobs of technical talent from amazing schools .
Many now unemployed .
Bad : NYC has gobs of technical talent from amazing schools that are used to being paid inordinately high wages and do n't value stock options .
a) Wall Street has been a huge talent suck for a long time .
If you 're a hotshot software engineer , the default dream varies depending where you go to college :
- West Coast : Work for Google .
- East Coast : Work for Lehman .
So what 's the problem ?
Google 's a lot more entrepreneurial , gobbles up and spits out a lot more founders than our dearest Goldman Sachs ( birthplace of the CDS ) .
The mythology is all wrong .
b) Wall Street Quants make A LOT of money .
This is a problem because founders make barely earn a living wage before they exit .
While it might average out better in the end for startup Founders , the delta in wages is pretty hard to stomach .
It requires a fundamental change in lifestyle for people of who take the leap .
This is especially hard when there 's not a mythology of garage - to - riches built up in the engineers ' minds .
c ) Silicon Valley has a bunch of Googlers who got rich from stock options .
New York , not so much .
It 's about the existence of a mythology .
In the Valley , there are lots of engineers who just do startups .
They get it .
They understand it .
The huge payoff down the road is a very real prospect .
It 's their thing .
While there are definitely engineers in NYC who are into the whole startup mythology , they tend to be outliers as opposed to the mainstream .
d ) Specialized technical talent is harder to find in NYC than the Valley ( or Boston ) .
I hate Boston .
Would never live there .
So ignoring that city , where are you going to find , oh , let 's say Speech Engineers ?
Theoretically , you can find stragglers from the old Bell Labs days in New Jersey .
But they 're not exactly easy to find .
On the other hand , the Valley is teeming with peeps with specialized skill sets and advanced degrees who WANT to work for startups .
So if you 're shoping for talent ( as we are ) , it seems––yet again – –that the Valley is a better place to shop .
Conclusion
New York is great if you 're Chris Dixon or Dennis Crowley or anyone else who 's already built a successful company and had a real exit under their belt .
These people have their own angel and seed capital networks that transcend locality .
And since they have no problem raising capital , they have no problem attracting top tier talent .
Realistically , the amount of resources they have access to means they could be in any minor startub hub and make it work .
But if you 're a schmoe like me and you 've got a big , world - changing dream , NYC is not the best place for you .
The odds are already stacked against you .
Being outside the Valley just stacks them higher .
Ok , so I do n't know if this conclusion is actually true , so I 'm heading out the California on Monday to test it .
Honestly , I hope I 'm wrong , because I hate driving , hate the suburbs , and love urban living , but we 'll see .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The popular antidepressant drug Paxil may interfere with breast cancer treatments , making patients more likely to relapse and die , researchers in Canada reported on Monday .
Women who took GlaxoSmithKline ’s Paxil while taking tamoxifen at the same time were more likely to die of their breast cancer , the researchers found .
The longer the overlap between Paxil and tamoxifen , the more likely the patients were to die , they reported in the British Medical Journal .
It is likely because Paxil , sold generically as paroxetine , interferes with the compound the body uses to process tamoxifen , the researchers said .
“ There is probably a better choice of antidepressants for women taking tamoxifen but ( any change ) should be done gradually with a doctor , ” said Dr. David Juurlink of the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences and Sunnybrook Health Sciences Center in Toronto .
“ It is easy for women on tamoxifen to become alarmed by the results of this study , ” Juurlink added in a telephone interview .
“ People should n’t be stopping their tamoxifen .
It is an extremely important medication . ”
And he said no - one should immediately stop taking paroxetine either without first consulting a doctor because suddenly stopping an anti-depressant can be dangerous .
Juurlink and colleagues looked at the healthcare records of 2,430 breast cancer patients 66 or older who took tamoxifen between 1993 and 2005 .
About 30 percent of the patients also took an antidepressant at some time during their treatment with tamoxifen , and paroxetine was the most common one .
Fifteen percent of the patients died of breast cancer during the study .
After other factors were taken into the account , the researchers found that women who took Paxil and tamoxifen together for a quarter of the treatment time were 25 percent more likely to die of breast cancer .
This rose to a 91 percent risk for the women who took tamoxifen and Paxil together for 75 percent of the time .
“ In contrast , no such risk was seen with other antidepressants , ” the researchers wrote .
Tamoxifen can reduce the risk of breast cancer returning by 50 percent if women take it for five years , although the drug is often being replaced with a newer class of drugs called aromatase inhibitors .
For the body to use it , tamoxifen must be broken down by an enzyme called CYP2D6 .
A class of antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or SSRIs can interfere with CYP2D6 .
“ Paxil is a fairly potent inhibitor of that enzyme , ” Juurlink said .
So is fluoxetine , the first SSRI antidepressant .
His team did not find that fluoxetine , sold under the brand name Prozac , had the same effect , but it could be because so few women took that particular antidepressant , he said .
“ These results highlight a drug interaction that is extremely common , widely underappreciated and potentially life - threatening , yet uniformly avoidable , ” Juurlink said .
( CNN ) -- Afghanistan is prepared to begin taking over security from international forces in some parts of the war - torn nation by the end of the year , President Hamid Karzai said Sunday .
By the end of his five - year term in 2014 , Karzai said , " conditions permitting ...
Afghan forces will have full responsibility for security throughout the country , with international forces continuing to serve in the capacity of providing backup and assistance . "
Speaking at the Security Conference in Munich , Germany , Karzai said he planned to build up the army and the national police to some 300,000 by 2012 .
He also pledged to tackle corruption , calling it a key focus of his second term in office .
" We are currently reviewing the structure and capacities of the High Office of Oversight and Anti-Corruption and will make it into a stronger , more responsive organization to lead our fight against corruption , " he said .
" In reflecting about the war in Afghanistan today , we see tremendous success in many spheres but overshadowed by failure in one major field : that of defeating terrorism and safeguarding the security of Afghanistan , the region and the world at large , " Karzai said . " ...
The public in Afghanistan as well as in many of your countries are rightfully asking where this effort has led to .
They would like to see progress in the war and get a sense of when will , ultimately , the Afghan people themselves take charge of their own security .
" Of course , let it be clear to all that we Afghans wish to see the day sooner rather than later when we are able to defend our borders , [ our ] villages and towns , on our own , and when young men and women from other countries do not have to shed blood on our soil for our security . "
He described the conflict in his country as " a war of necessity . "
NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen also spoke at the conference , saying the organization remains committed to its mission in Afghanistan , but " Afghanistan is a sovereign country .
It has to stand on its own feet , and defend itself .
" So where and when conditions allow , we will start to transfer lead security responsibility to the Afghans .
And while I do n't know when the process will be complete , I know I think it should start this year . "
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , speaking on CNN's " State of the Union " on Sunday , said she believed Karzai " has really stepped up since his second inaugural address .
He laid out a road map there .
He is trying to follow that road map . "
But , she noted , the world is " five or six years into a new nation that has no history of democracy . "
Karzai said he welcomes a new approach by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , top commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , that emphasizes the need to protect Afghan citizens .
" Regrettably , local populations have suffered fairly often as a result of the way the war has been carried out .
...
To reverse the negative impact of this , we must make the protection of the lives and property of our people our top priority . "
Afghanistan is also working with NATO and coalition partners on the regulation of private security contractors in the country , he said .
In addition , Karzai plans to set up a National Council for Peace , Reconciliation and Reintegration which will set up a conference aimed at peace .
" We recognize that , without support from our neighbors , particularly Pakistan , the reconciliation and reintegration program will not bear fruit , " he said .
Clinton said the international community should be realistic about the support Karzai needs , but understand that he may not always be in complete agreement with other nations .
" He has asked for help , most recently at the London conference , " she said .
" But he also has his own ideas , as do the Afghan people .
So in any relationship with any country ... you 're not always going to get 100 percent agreement .
" But you work with the leaders , and you work with the people , " she told CNN 's Candy Crowley .
" We 're not yet turning the corner , but we are , you know , sort of inching our way forward to being able to do so .
So I think on balance we are in this with people and countries who are committed to the same outcome . "
September 's parliamentary elections will be " a huge milestone , " Karzai said .
" We look forward to free and fair parliamentary elections and expect the Independent Election Commission to work closely with the United Nations and the civil society to ensure the integrity of the elections and prevent irregularities and misconduct . "
Karzai emerged victorious from August presidential elections that were marred by widespread fraud .
Two months after the vote , a U.N. - backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly a third of his votes , citing fraud .
Left short of a majority , Karzai agreed to a runoff with challenger Abdullah Abdullah , but Abdullah withdrew just before the runoff vote .
# 76 - Consul
In this episode , we will checking out HashiCorps Consul for easy Service Discovery .
We will chat about common use cases , server architecture , how a service registry works , and more .
There will be demos too .
- 18 May 19 , 12:00 am -
# 74 - Nomad
In this episode , we will checking out HashiCorps Nomad for Application Orchestration .
We will chat about common use cases , server architecture , scheduling applications , containers , and more .
There will be demos too .
- 11 May 19 , 12:00 am -
# 75 - Industry News - Issue # 3
In this episode , we are going to review what is new in the world of DevOps over the past week .
Grab a coffee and we will walk through it together .
We will chat about Amazon S3 Batch Ops , keeping your Cloud costs under control , how Airbnb is using k8 s …
- 8 May 19 , 12:00 am -
# 72 - Vault
In this episode , we will checking out HashiCorps Vault for Secret Management .
We will chat about common use cases , server architecture , storing and retrieving secrets , dynamic secrets , and more .
There will be demos too .
- 2 May 19 , 12:00 am -
# 73 - Industry News - Issue # 2
In this episode , we are going to review what is new in the world of DevOps over the past week .
Grab a coffee and we will walk through it together .
We will chat about the unauthorized access to Docker Hub , how Shopify is benchmarking Istio , and look a …
- 2 May 19 , 12:00 am -
# 70 - DevOps Launch Checklist
In this episode , I wanted to raise awareness to a few great DevOps Launch Checklists .
These checklists can really save your butt , when you have a large event planned , where you expect huge amounts of traffic .
- 25 Apr 19 , 12:00 am -
# 71 - Industry News - Issue # 1
In this episode , we are going to review what is new in the world of DevOps over the past week .
Grab a coffee and we will walk through it together .
We will checkout PagerDutys Incident Response docs , Tinders move to Kubernetes , command - line tricks , Gi …
- 25 Apr 19 , 12:00 am -
# 69 - Cloud Run with Knative
In this episode , we will look at the recently launched Cloud Run Beta .
It is a managed service , that runs stateless containers , invocable via HTTP requests .
Also , we will look at differences between Cloud Run , Lambda , and Fargate .
There are demos too …
- 17 Apr 19 , 12:00 am -
# 68 - Oh My Zsh
In this episode , I wanted to quickly chat about my default shell and a few things I find useful about it .
I am using the Z Shell , with the Oh My Zsh framework scripts , and the Robby Russell theme .
- 16 Apr 19 , 12:00 am -
First published Wed May 12 , 2004 ; substantive revision Wed Mar 9 , 2016
Section 1 will describe the contemporary platonist view in detail .
Section 2 will describe the alternatives to platonism — namely , conceptualism , nominalism , immanent realism , and Meinongianism .
Section 3 will develop and assess the first important argument in favor of platonism , namely , the One Over Many argument .
Section 4 will develop and assess a second argument for platonism , namely , the Singular Term argument .
This argument emerged much later than the One Over Many argument , but as we will see , it is widely thought to be more powerful .
Finally , section 5 will develop and assess the most important argument against platonism , namely , the epistemological argument .
Platonism is the view that there exist such things as abstract objects — where an abstract object is an object that does not exist in space or time and which is therefore entirely non-physical and non-mental .
Platonism in this sense is a contemporary view .
It is obviously related to the views of Plato in important ways , but it is not entirely clear that Plato endorsed this view , as it is defined here .
In order to remain neutral on this question , the term ‘ platonism ’ is spelled with a lower - case ‘ p ’ .
( See entry on Plato . )
The most important figure in the development of modern platonism is Gottlob Frege ( 1884 , 1892 , 1893 –1903 , 1919 ) .
The view has also been endorsed by many others , including Kurt Gödel ( 1964 ) , Bertrand Russell ( 1912 ) , and W.V.O. Quine ( 1948 , 1951 ) .
Platonism is the view that there exist abstract ( that is , non-spatial , non-temporal ) objects ( see the entry on abstract objects ) .
Because abstract objects are wholly non-spatiotemporal , it follows that they are also entirely non-physical ( they do not exist in the physical world and are not made of physical stuff ) and non-mental ( they are not minds or ideas in minds ; they are not disembodied souls , or Gods , or anything else along these lines ) .
In addition , they are unchanging and entirely causally inert — that is , they can not be involved in cause - and - effect relationships with other objects .
[ 1]
All of this might be somewhat perplexing ; for with all of these statements about what abstract objects are not , it might be unclear what they are .
We can clarify things , however , by looking at some examples .
Consider the sentence ‘ 3 is prime ’ .
This sentence seems to say something about a particular object , namely , the number 3 .
Just as the sentence ‘ The moon is round ’ says something about the moon , so too ‘ 3 is prime ’ seems to say something about the number 3 .
But what is the number 3 ?
There are a few different views that one might endorse here , but the platonist view is that 3 is an abstract object .
On this view , 3 is a real and objective thing that , like the moon , exists independently of us and our thinking ( i.e. , it is not just an idea in our heads ) .
But according to platonism , 3 is different from the moon in that it is not a physical object ; it is wholly non-physical , non-mental , and causally inert , and it does not exist in space or time .
One might put this metaphorically by saying that on the platonist view , numbers exist “ in platonic heaven ” .
But we should not infer from this that according to platonism , numbers exist in a place ; they do not , for the concept of a place is a physical , spatial concept .
It is more accurate to say that on the platonist view , numbers exist ( independently of us and our thoughts ) but do not exist in space and time .
Similarly , many philosophers take a platonistic view of properties .
Consider , for instance , the property of being red .
According to the platonist view of properties , the property of redness exists independently of any red thing .
There are red balls and red houses and red shirts , and these all exist in the physical world .
But platonists about properties believe that in addition to these things , redness — the property itself — also exists , and according to platonists , this property is an abstract object .
Ordinary red objects are said to exemplify or instantiate redness .
Plato said that they participate in redness , but this suggests a causal relationship between red objects and redness , and again , contemporary platonists would reject this .
Platonists of this sort say the same thing about other properties as well : in addition to all the beautiful things , there is also beauty ; and in addition to all the tigers , there is also the property of being a tiger .
Indeed , even when there are no instances of a property in reality , platonists will typically maintain that the property itself exists .
This is n't to say that platonists are committed to the thesis that there is a property corresponding to every predicate in the English language .
The point is simply that in typical cases , there will be a property .
For instance , according to this sort of platonism , there exists a property of being a four - hundred - story building , even though there are no such things as four - hundred - story buildings .
This property exists outside of space and time along with redness .
The only difference is that in our physical world , the one property happens to be instantiated whereas the other does not .
In fact , platonists extend the position here even further , for on their view , properties are just a special case of a much broader category , namely , the category of universals .
It 's easy to see why one might think of a property like redness as a universal .
A red ball that sits in a garage in Buffalo is a particular thing .
But redness is something that is exemplified by many , many objects ; it 's something that all red objects share , or have in common .
This is why platonists think of redness as a universal and of specific red objects — such as balls in Buffalo , or cars in Cleveland — as particulars .
But according to this sort of platonism , properties are not the only universals ; there are other kinds of universals as well , most notably , relations .
Consider , for instance , the relation to the north of ; this relation is instantiated by many pairs of objects ( or more accurately , by ordered pairs of objects , since order matters here — e.g. , to the north of is instantiated by < San Francisco , Los Angeles > , and < Edinburgh , London > , but not by < Los Angeles , San Francisco > , or < London , Edinburgh > ) .
So according to platonism , the relation to the north of is a two - place universal , whereas a property like redness is a one - place universal .
There are also three - place relations ( which are three - place universals ) , four - place relations , and so on .
An example of a three - place relation is the gave relation , which admits of a giver , a givee , and a given — as in ‘ Jane gave a CD to Tim ’ .
Finally , some philosophers claim that propositions are abstract objects .
One way to think of a proposition is as the meaning of a sentence .
Alternatively , we can say that a proposition is that which is expressed by a sentence on a particular occasion of use .
Either way , we can say that , e.g. , the English sentence ‘ Snow is white ’ and the German sentence ‘ Schnee ist weiss ’ express the same proposition , namely , the proposition that snow is white .
There are many different platonistic conceptions of propositions .
For instance , Frege ( 1892 , 1919 ) held that propositions are composed of senses of words ( e.g. , on this view , the proposition that snow is white is composed of the senses of ‘ snow ’ and ‘ is white ’ ) , whereas Russell at one point ( 1905 , 1910 – 11 ) held that propositions are composed of properties , relations , and objects ( e.g. , on this view , the proposition that Mars is red is composed of Mars ( the planet itself ) and the property of redness ) .
Others hold that propositions do not have significant internal structure .
The differences between these views will not matter for our purposes .
For more detail , see the entry on propositions .
( It might seem odd to say that Russellian propositions are abstract objects .
Consider , e.g. , the Russellian proposition that Mars is red .
This is an odd sort of hybrid object .
It has two components , namely , Mars ( the planet itself ) and the property of redness .
One of these components ( namely , Mars ) is a concrete object ( where a concrete object is just a spatiotemporal object ) .
Thus , even if redness is an abstract object , it does not seem that the Russellian proposition is completely non-spatiotemporal .
Nonetheless , philosophers typically lump these objects together with abstract objects .
And it 's not just Russellian propositions ; similar remarks can be made about various other kinds of objects .
Think , for instance , of impure sets -- e.g. , the set containing Mars and Jupiter .
This seems to be a hybrid object of some kind as well , because while it has concrete objects as members , it 's still a set , and on the standard view , sets are abstract objects .
If we wanted to be really precise , it would probably be best to have another term for such objects -- e.g. , ‘ hybrid object ’ , or ‘ impure abstract object ’-- but , again , this is n't how philosophers typically talk ; they usually just treat these things as abstract objects .
None of this will matter very much in what follows , however , because this essay is almost entirely concerned with what might be called pure abstract objects -- i.e. , abstract objects that are completely non-spatiotemporal . )
Numbers , propositions , and universals ( i.e. , properties and relations ) are not the only things that people have taken to be abstract objects .
As we will see below , people have also endorsed platonistic views in connection with linguistic objects ( most notably , sentences ) , possible worlds , logical objects , and fictional characters ( e.g. , Sherlock Holmes ) .
And it is important to note here that one can be a platonist about some of these things without being a platonist about the others — e.g. , one might be a platonist about numbers and propositions but not properties or fictional characters .
Of course , platonism about any of these kinds of objects is controversial .
Many philosophers do not believe in abstract objects at all .
The alternatives to platonism will be discussed in section 2 , but it is worth noting here that the primary argument that platonists give for their view is that , according to them , there are good arguments against all other views .
That is , platonists think we have to believe in abstract objects , because ( a ) there are good reasons for thinking that things like numbers and universals exist , and ( b ) the only tenable view of these things is that they are abstract objects .
We will consider these arguments in detail below .
There are not very many alternatives to platonism .
One can reject the existence of things like numbers and universals altogether .
Or one can maintain that there do exist such things as numbers and universals , and instead of saying that they are abstract objects , one can say that they are mental objects of some sort ( usually , the claim is that they are ideas in our heads ) or physical objects of some sort .
Thus , the four mainstream views here are as follows ( and keep in mind that anti-platonists can pursue different strategies with respect to different kinds of alleged abstract objects , taking one view of , say , numbers , and another view of properties or propositions ) .
Platonism :
This is the view described in section 1 . Immanent Realism : Advocates of this view agree with platonists that there do exist such things as mathematical objects — or universals , or whatever category of alleged abstract objects we 're talking about — and that these things are independent of us and our thinking ; but immanent realists differ from platonists in holding that these objects exist in the physical world .
Depending on the kind of object under discussion — i.e. , whether we 're talking about mathematical objects or properties or what have you — the details of this view will be worked out differently .
In connection with properties , the standard immanent - realist view is that properties like redness exist only in the physical world , in particular , in actual red things , as nonspatial parts or aspects of those things ( this view traces back to Aristotle ; in contemporary times , it has been defended by Armstrong ( 1978 ) ) .
There is certainly some initial plausibility to this idea : if you are looking at a red ball , and you think that in addition to the ball , its redness exists , then it seems a bit odd to say ( as platonists do ) that its redness exists outside of spacetime .
After all , the ball is sitting right here in spacetime and we can see that it 's red ; so it seems initially plausible to think that if the redness exists at all , then it exists in the ball .
As we will see below , however , there are serious problems with this view .
In connection with numbers , one strategy is to take numbers to be universals of some sort — e.g. , one might take them to be properties of piles of physical objects , so that , for instance , the number 3 would be a property of , e.g. , a pile of three books — and to take an immanent realist view of universals .
( This sort of view has been defended by Armstrong ( 1978 ) . )
But views of this kind have not been very influential in the philosophy of mathematics .
A more prominent strategy for taking number talk to be about the physical world is to take it to be about actual piles of physical objects , rather than properties of piles .
Thus , for instance , one might maintain that to say that 2 + 3 = 5 is not really to say something about specific entities ( numbers ) ; rather , it is to say that whenever we push a pile of two objects together with a pile of three objects , we will wind up with a pile of five objects — or something along these lines .
Thus , on this view , arithmetic is just a very general natural science .
A view of this sort was developed by Mill ( 1843 ) and , more recently , a similar view has been defended by Philip Kitcher ( 1984 ) .
It should be noted , however , that while there are certainly physicalist themes running through the views of Mill and Kitcher , it is not clear that either of them should be interpreted as an immanent realist .
Kitcher is probably best classified as a kind of anti-realist ( I 'll say a bit more about this in section 4.1 ) , and it 's not entirely clear how Mill ought to be classified , relative to our taxonomy , because it 's not clear how he would answer the question , “ Are there numbers , and if so , what are they ? ”
Finally , Penelope Maddy ( 1990 ) has also developed a sort of immanent realist view of mathematics .
Concentrating mainly on set theory , Maddy maintains that sets of physical objects are located in space and time , right where their members are located .
But Maddian sets cannot be identified with the physical matter that constitutes their members .
On Maddy 's view , corresponding to every physical object , there is a huge infinity of sets ( e.g. , the set containing the given object , the set containing that set , and so on ) that are all distinct from one another but which all share the same matter and the same spatiotemporal location .
Thus , on this view , there is more to a set than the physical stuff that makes up its members , and so Maddy might be better interpreted as endorsing a nonstandard version of platonism .
Conceptualism ( also called psychologism and mentalism , depending on the sorts of objects under discussion ) :
This is the view that there do exist numbers — or properties , or propositions , or whatever — but that they do not exist independently of us ; instead , they are mental objects ; in particular , the claim is usually that they are something like ideas in our heads .
As we will see below , this view has serious problems and not very many people endorse it .
Nonetheless , it has had periods of popularity in the history of philosophy .
It is very often thought that Locke held a conceptualistic view of universals , and prior to the twentieth century , this was the standard view of concepts and propositions .
In the philosophy of mathematics , psychologistic views were popular in the late nineteenth century ( the most notable proponent being the early Husserl ( 1891 ) ) and even in the first part of the twentieth century with the advent of psychologistic intuitionism ( Brouwer 1912 and 1948 , and Heyting 1956 ) .
Finally , Noam Chomsky ( 1965 ) has endorsed a mentalistic view of sentences and other linguistic objects , and he has been followed here by others , most notably , Fodor ( 1975 , 1987 ) .
It should also be noted here that one can claim that the existence of numbers ( or propositions or whatever ) is dependent on us humans without endorsing a psychologistic view of the relevant entities .
For one can combine this claim with the idea that the objects in question are abstract objects .
In other words , one might claim — and some have claimed — that numbers ( or propositions or whatever ) are mind - dependent abstract objects , i.e. , objects that exist outside of the mind , and outside of space and time , but which only came into being because of the activities of human beings .
Liston ( 2003 –04 ) , Cole ( 2009 ) , and Bueno ( 2009 ) endorse views of this general kind in connection with mathematical objects ; Schiffer ( 2003 , chapter 2 ) , Soames ( 2014 ) , and King ( 2014 ) endorse views like this of propositions ; and Salmon ( 1998 ) and Thomasson ( 1999 ) endorse views like this of fictional objects .
Nominalism ( also called anti-realism ) :
This is the view that there are no such things as numbers , or universals , or whatever sort of alleged abstract objects are under discussion .
Thus , for instance , a nominalist about properties would say that while there are such things as red balls and red houses , there is no such thing as the property of redness , over and above the red balls and red houses .
And a nominalist about numbers would say that while there are such things as piles of three stones , and perhaps “ 3 - ideas ” existing in people 's heads , there is no such thing as the number 3 .
As we will see below , there are many different versions of each of these kinds of nominalism , but for now , we do n't need anything more than this general formulation of the view .
( Sometimes ‘ nominalism ’ is used to denote the view that there are no such things as abstract objects ; on this usage , ‘ nominalism ’ is synonymous with ‘ anti- platonism ’ , and views like immanent realism count as versions of nominalism .
In contrast , on the usage employed in this essay , ‘ nominalism ’ is essentially synonymous with ‘ anti- realism ’ , and so views like immanent realism will not count as versions of nominalism here . )
Prima facie , it might seem that nominalism , or anti-realism , is further from the platonist view than immanent realism and conceptualism are for the simple reason that the latter two views admit that there do exist such things as numbers ( or universals , or whatever ) .
It is important to note , however , that nominalists agree with platonists on an important point that immanent realists and conceptualists reject ; in particular , nominalists ( in agreement with platonists ) endorse the following thesis :
(S) If there were such things as numbers ( or universals , or whatever sort of alleged abstract objects we 're talking about ) , then they would be abstract objects ; that is , they would be non-spatiotemporal , non-physical , and non-mental .
This is an extremely important point , because it turns out that there are some very compelling arguments ( which we will discuss ) in favor of ( S ) .
As a result , there are very few advocates of immanent realism and conceptualism , especially in connection with mathematical objects and propositions .
There is wide - spread agreement about what numbers and propositions would be if there were such things ( namely , abstract objects ) but very little agreement as to whether there do exist such things .
Thus , today , the controversial question here is a purely ontological one :
Are there any such things as abstract objects ( e.g. , mathematical objects , propositions , and so on ) ?
It is worth noting that while there are only four mainstream views here ( viz. , platonism , immanent realism , conceptualism , and nominalism ) a fifth view deserves mention , namely , Meinongianism ( see Meinong ( 1904 ) ) .
On this view , every singular term — e.g. , ‘ Clinton ’ , ‘ 3 ’ , and ‘ Sherlock Holmes ’ — picks out an object that has some sort of being ( that subsists , or that is , in some sense ) but only some of these objects have full - blown existence .
According to Meinongianism , sentences that platonists take to be about abstract objects — sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ and ‘ Red is a color ’ — express truths about objects that do n't exist .
Meinongianism has been almost universally rejected by philosophers .
The standard argument against it ( see , e.g. , Quine ( 1948 ) , p. 3 , and Lewis ( 1990 ) ) is that it does not provide a view that is clearly distinct from platonism and merely creates the illusion of a different view by altering the meaning of the term ‘ exist ’ .
The idea here is that on the standard meaning of ‘ exist ’ , any object that has any being at all exists , and so according to standard usage , Meinongianism entails that numbers and universals exist ; but this view clearly does n't take such things to exist in spacetime and so , the argument concludes , Meinongianism entails that numbers and universals are abstract objects — just as platonism does .
It is worth noting , however , that while Meinongianism has mostly been rejected , it does have some more contemporary advocates , most notably , Routley ( 1980 ) , Parsons ( 1980 ) , and Priest ( 2003 , 2005 ) .
There are two mainstream arguments for platonism .
The first , which goes back to Plato , is an argument for the existence of properties and relations only ; this is the One Over Many argument .
The second is also present in some sense in the works of Plato ( at least on some readings of those works ) , but its first modern formulation , and certainly the first clear formulation , was given by Frege ( 1884 , 1892 , 1893 –1903 , 1919 ) ; I will call this the singular term argument , and unlike the One Over Many , it can be used in connection with all the different kinds of abstract objects , i.e. , numbers , properties , propositions , and so on .
In the present section , we will discuss the One Over Many argument , and in the next section , we will discuss the singular term argument .
The One Over Many argument can be formulated as follows :
I have in front of me three red objects ( say a ball , a hat , and a rose ) .
These objects resemble one another .
Therefore , they have something in common .
What they have in common is clearly a property , namely , redness ; therefore , redness exists .
We can think of this argument as an inference to the best explanation .
There is a fact that requires explanation , namely , that the three objects resemble each other .
The explanation is that they all possess a single property , namely , redness .
Thus , platonists argue , if there is no other explanation of this fact ( i.e. , the fact of resemblance ) that is as good as their explanation ( i.e. , the one that appeals to properties ) , then we are justified in believing in properties .
Notice that as the argument has been stated here , it is not an argument for a platonistic view of properties ; it is an argument for the thesis that properties exist , but not for the thesis that properties are abstract objects .
Thus , in order to use this argument to motivate platonism , one would have to supplement it with some reason for thinking that the properties in question here could not be ideas in our heads or immanent properties existing in particular physical objects .
There are a number of arguments that one might use here , and in section 4.3 , we will discuss some of these .
But there is no need to pursue this here , because there is good reason to think that the One Over Many argument does n't succeed anyway — i.e. , that it does n't provide a good reason for believing in properties of any sort .
In other words , the One Over Many argument fails to refute nominalism about properties .
Before proceeding , it is worth pointing out that the One Over Many argument described above can be simplified .
As Michael Devitt ( 1980 ) points out , the appeal to resemblance , or to multiple things having a given property , is a red herring .
On the traditional formulation , nominalists are challenged to account for the following fact : the ball is red and the hat is red .
But if nominalists can account for the fact that the ball is red , then presumably , they can simply repeat the same sort of explanation in connection with the hat , and they will have accounted for the fact that both things are red .
Thus , the real challenge for the nominalist is to explain simple predicative facts , e.g. , the fact that the ball is red , without appealing to properties , e.g. , redness .
More generally , they need to show how we can account for the truth of sentences of the form ‘ a is F ’ without appealing to a property of Fness . [ 2 ]
( One might also think of the argument as asking not for an explanation of the fact that , say , Mars is red , but rather for an account of what it is about the world that makes the sentence ‘ Mars is red ’ true .
See Peacock ( 2009 ) in this regard . )
There is a very well - known nominalist response to the One Over Many argument .
The heart of the response is captured by the following remark from Quine ( 1948 , p. 10 ) :
That the houses and roses and sunsets are all of them red may be taken as ultimate and irreducible , and it may be held that ...[ the platonist ] is no better off , in point of real explanatory power , for all the occult entities which he posits under such names as ‘ redness ’ .
There are two different ideas here .
The first is that nominalists can respond to the One Over Many with an appeal to irreducible facts , or brute facts .
The second is that platonists are no better off than such brute - fact nominalists in terms of real explanatory power .
Now , Quine did n't say very much about these two ideas , but both ideas have been developed by Devitt ( 1980 , 2010 ) , whose exposition we follow here .
The challenge to nominalists is to provide an explanation of facts of a certain kind , namely , predicative facts expressed by sentences of the form ‘ a is F’ , e.g. , the fact that a given ball is red .
Now , whenever we are challenged to provide an explanation of a fact , or alleged fact , we have a number options .
The most obvious response is simply to provide the requested explanation .
But we can also argue that the alleged fact is n't really a fact at all .
Or , third , we can argue that the fact in question is a brute fact — i.e. , a fact that does not have an explanation .
Now , in the present case , nominalists cannot claim that all predicative facts are brute facts , because it is clear that we can explain at least some facts of this sort .
For instance , it seems that the fact that a given ball is red can be explained very easily by saying that it is red because it reflects light in such and such a way , and that it reflects light in this way because its surface is structured in thus and so a manner .
So nominalists should not claim that all predicative facts are brute facts .
But as Devitt points out , there is a more subtle way to appeal to bruteness here , and if Quinean nominalists make use of this , they can block the One Over Many argument .
The Quine - Devitt response to the One Over Many begins with the claim that we can account for the fact that the ball is red , without appealing to the property of redness , by simply using whatever explanation scientists give of this fact .
Now , by itself , this explanation will not satisfy advocates of the One Over Many argument .
If we explain the fact that the ball is red by pointing out that its surface is structured in some specific way , then advocates of the One Over Many argument will say that we have only moved the problem back a step , because nominalists will now have to account for the fact that the ball 's surface is structured in the given way , and they will have to do this without appealing to the property of being structured in the given way .
More generally , the point is this : it is of course true that if nominalists are asked to account for the fact that some object a is F , without appealing to the property of Fness , they can do this by pointing out that ( i ) a is G and ( ii ) all Fs are Gs ( this is the sort of explanation they will get if they borrow their explanations from scientists ) ; but such explanations only move the problem back a step , for they leave us with the task of having to explain the fact that a is G , and if we want to endorse nominalism , we will have to do this without appealing to the property of Gness .
This is where the appeal to bruteness comes in .
Nominalists can say that ( a ) we can keep giving explanations of the above sort ( i.e. , explanations of the sort ‘ a is F because it is G , ’ or because its parts are Gs , Hs , and Is , or whatever ) for as long as we can , and ( b ) when explanations of this sort cannot be given , no explanation at all can be given .
The thought here is that at this point , we will have arrived at fundamental facts that do not admit of explanations — e.g. , facts about the basic physical natures of elementary particles .
When we arrive at facts like this , we will say : “ There 's no reason why these particles are this way ; they just are . ”
This gives us a way of understanding how nominalists can plausibly use an appeal to bruteness to respond to the One Over Many argument .
But the appeal to bruteness is only half of the Quinean remark quoted above .
What about the other half , i.e. , the part about the platonist being no better off than brute - fact nominalists in terms of real explanatory power ?
To appreciate this claim , let us suppose that we have arrived at a bottom - level fact that Quinean nominalists take to be a brute fact ( e.g. , the fact that physical particles of some particular kind — say , gluons — are G ) .
Advocates of the One Over Many would say that their view is superior to Quinean nominalism because they can provide an explanation of the fact in question .
Now , when they announce this , people who were interested in the question of why gluons are G , and who had been disappointed to hear from scientists and Quineans that this is simply a brute fact , might get very excited and listen eagerly to what advocates of the One Over Many have to say .
What they say is this :
Gluons are G because they possess the property of Gness .
This does n't seem very helpful .
The claim that gluons possess
Gness seems to do little more than tell us that gluons have some nature that makes it the case that they are G , and so it seems that no genuine explanation has been given .
After all , those who had been interested in learning why gluons are G would not be very satisfied by this so - called “ explanation ” .
Thus , to use Quine 's words , it seems that advocates of the One Over Many are “ no better off , in point of real explanatory power ” than brute - fact nominalists are .
Nominalists might try to push the argument a bit further here , claiming that the sentence
( P) Gluons possesses the property of Gness
is just a paraphrase of the sentence
(N) Gluons are G .
On this view , ( P ) is equivalent to ( N ) .
That is , it says the very same thing .
And neither sentence , according to this view , entails the existence of Gness .
We can call this a paraphrase - nominalist view of sentences like ( P ) .
But nominalists need n't endorse this view .
They can also endorse a fictionalist view of sentences like ( P ) .
On this view , ( P ) and ( N ) do not , strictly speaking , say the same thing , because ( P ) talks about the property of Gness and ( N ) does not .
According to this fictionalist view , ( P ) is strictly speaking untrue , because it talks about the property of Gness , and according to nominalism , there is no such thing as Gness .
In short , ( P ) is strictly speaking untrue , on this view , for the same reason that , e.g. , ‘ The tooth fairy is nice ’ is untrue .
But while ( P ) is not literally true on this view , it is “ for - all - practical - purposes true ” , or some such thing , because colloquially , it can be used to say what ( N ) says literally .
This idea is often captured by saying that ( P ) is just a manner of speaking , or a façon de parler .
( Notice that the dispute between fictionalism and paraphrase nominalism is best understood as a straightforward empirical dispute about the ordinary - language semantics of sentences like ( P ) ; the question is whether such utterances literally say the same things that the corresponding sentences like ( N ) say . )
Whichever view nominalists adopt here , they can respond to the One Over Many argument — i.e. , to the claim that we can explain ( N ) by endorsing ( P ) — in the same way , namely , by pointing out that as an explanation of ( N ) , ( P ) is completely uninformative .
Even if nominalists endorse a fictionalist view according to which ( P ) is not equivalent to ( N ) , they can still say that the above explanation is uninformative , because it really just says that gluons are G because they possess a nature that makes it the case that they are G .
Having made the point that the platonist explanation of ( N ) is uninformative , the nominalist 's next move is to appeal to Ockham 's razor to argue that we should n't believe in Gness ( or at least that we should n't believe in Gness for any reason that has anything to do with the need to explain things like ( N ) ) .
Ockham 's razor is a principle that tells us that we should believe in objects of a given kind only if they play a genuine explanatory role .
This principle suggests that if Gness does not play a genuine role in an explanation of the fact that gluons are G , then we should n't believe in Gness — or , again , we should n't believe in it for any reason having to do with the need to explain the fact that gluons are G .
The Quinean response to the One Over Many argument is often couched in terms of a criterion of ontological commitment .
A criterion of ontological commitment is a principle that tells us when we are committed to believing in objects of a certain kind in virtue of having assented to certain sentences .
What the above response to the One Over Many suggests is that we are ontologically committed not by predicates like ‘ is red ’ and ‘ is a rock ’ , but by singular terms .
( A singular term is just a denoting phrase , i.e. , an expression that purports to refer to a specific object , e.g. , proper names like ‘ Mars ’ and ‘ Clinton ’ , certain uses of pronouns like ‘ she’ , and on some views , definite descriptions like ‘ the oldest U.S. senator ’. )
More specifically , the idea here seems to be this : if you think that a sentence of the form ‘ a is F ’ is true , then you have to accept the existence of the object a , but you do not have to accept the existence of a property of Fness ; for instance , if you think that ‘ The ball is red ’ is true , then you have to believe in the ball , but you do not have to believe in redness ; or if you think that ‘ Fido is a dog ’ is true , then you have to believe in Fido but not in the property of doghood .
Three points need to be made here .
First , the above criterion needs to be generalized so that it covers the use of singular terms in other kinds of sentences , e.g. , sentences of the form ‘ a is R- related to b’ .
Second , on the standard view , we are ontologically committed not just by singular terms but also by existential statements — e.g. , by sentences like ‘ There are some Fs ’ , ‘ There is at least one F’ , and so on ( in first - order logic , such sentences are symbolized as ‘( ∃x ) Fx ’ , and the ‘ ∃ ’ is called an existential quantifier ) .
The standard view here is that if you think that a sentence like this is true , then you are committed to believing in the existence of some Fs ( or at least one F ) but you do not have to believe in Fness ; for instance , if we assent to ‘ There are some dogs ’ , then we are committed to believing in the existence of some dogs , but we are not thereby committed to believing in the existence of the property of doghood .
( Quine actually thought that we are committed only by existential claims and not by singular terms ; but this is not a widely held view . )
Third and finally , it is usually held that we are ontologically committed by singular terms and existential expressions ( or existential quantifiers ) only when they appear in sentences that we think are literally true and only when we think the singular term or existential quantifier in question can't be paraphrased away .
We can see what 's meant by this by returning to the sentence
( R) The ball possesses the property of redness .
In this sentence , the expression ‘ the property of redness ’ seems to be a singular term — it seems to denote the property of redness ; thus , using the above criterion of ontological commitment , if we think ( R ) is true , then it would seem , we are committed to believing in the property of redness .
But there are two different responses that nominalists can make to this .
First , they can endorse paraphrase nominalism ( defined a few paragraphs back ) with respect to ( R ) .
If they do this , they will claim that ( R ) does n't really carry an ontological commitment to the property of redness , because it is really just equivalent to the sentence ‘ The ball is red ’ .
This idea is often expressed by saying that in ( R ) , the singular term ‘ the property of redness ’ can be paraphrased away — which is just to say that ( R ) can be paraphrased by ( or is equivalent to ) a sentence that does n't contain the singular term ‘ the property of redness ’ ( namely , ‘ The ball is red ’ ) .
The second view that nominalists can endorse with respect to ( R ) is fictionalism .
In other words , they can admit that ( R ) does commit to the existence of the property of redness , but they can maintain that because of this ( and because there are no such things as properties ) , ( R ) is , strictly speaking , untrue , even if it is “ for - all - practical - purposes true , ” or some such thing .
Having said all of this , we can summarize by saying that the standard view of ontological commitment is as follows :
Criterion of Ontological Commitment :
We are ontologically committed by the singular terms ( that ca n't be paraphrased away ) in the ( simple ) sentences that we take to be literally true ; and we are ontologically committed by the existential quantifiers ( that ca n't be paraphrased away ) in the ( existential ) sentences that we take to be literally true ; but we are not committed by the predicates in such sentences .
Thus , for instance , if we believe that a sentence of the form ‘ a is F ’ is literally true , and if we think that it cannot be paraphrased into some other sentence that avoids reference to a , then we are committed to believing in the object a but not the property of Fness ; and , likewise , if we assent to a sentence of the form ‘ a is R - related to b’ , then we are committed to believing in the objects a and b but not the relation R ; and if we assent to a sentence of the form ‘ There is an F ’ then we are committed to believing in an object that is F but we are not committed to the property of Fness . [ 3 ]
The One Over Many argument is now widely considered to be a bad argument .
Ironically , though , the above criterion of ontological commitment — which Quinean nominalists appeal to in responding to the One Over Many argument — is one of the central premises in what is now thought to be the best argument for platonism .
We will call this argument the singular term argument , although one might just as well call it the sucker - punch - on - the - Quinean - nominalist argument , for as we will see , the strategy is to accept the above criterion of ontological commitment and turn it against the Quinean nominalist .
The general argument strategy here has roots in the work of Plato , but its first clear formulation was given by Frege ( 1884 , 1892 , 1893 –1903 , and 1919 ) .
We begin with a general formulation of the argument :
If a simple sentence ( i.e. , a sentence of the form ‘ a is F ’ , or ‘ a is R- related to b’ , or… ) is literally true , then the objects that its singular terms denote exist .
( Likewise , if an existential sentence is literally true , then there exist objects of the relevant kinds ; e.g. , if ‘ There is an F ’ is true , then there exist some Fs. )
There are literally true simple sentences containing singular terms that refer to things that could only be abstract objects .
( Likewise , there are literally true existential statements whose existential quantifiers range over things that could only be abstract objects . )
Therefore , Abstract objects exist .
Premise ( 1 ) follows straightaway from the criterion of ontological commitment that we discussed in the last section .
Again , this is widely accepted among contemporary philosophers , and for good reason — if you think that a sentence of the form ‘ a is F ’ is literally true and that it cannot be paraphrased into some other sentence , then it's hard to see how you can deny that there is such a thing as the object a .
Therefore , since ( 3 ) follows trivially from ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the central question we have to answer , in order to evaluate the above argument , is whether ( 2 ) is true .
( Below , I will discuss the possibility of denying ( 1 ) , but for now I want to focus on ( 2 ) . )
In any event , in order to motivate ( 2 ) , platonists need to provide some examples ; that is , they have to produce some sentences and argue that ( i ) they contain singular terms that can only be taken as referring to abstract objects ( and that ca n't be paraphrased away ) and ( ii ) they are literally true .
Platonists maintain that there are many different kinds of such sentences .
In what follows , we will consider versions of this argument that attempt to establish the existence of mathematical objects ( e.g. , numbers ) , propositions , properties , relations , sentence types , possible worlds , logical objects , and fictional objects .
Platonists about mathematical objects claim that the theorems of our mathematical theories — sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ ( a theorem of arithmetic ) and ‘ There are infinitely many transfinite cardinal numbers ’ ( a theorem of set theory ) — are literally true and that the only plausible view of such sentences is that they are about abstract objects ( i.e. , that their singular terms denote abstract objects and their existential quantifiers range over abstract objects ) .
This general stance toward mathematics goes back to Plato , but the first clear statement of the argument in this form was given by Frege ( 1884 ) ; other advocates include Quine ( see his 1948 and 1951 , though he does n't explicitly state the argument there ) , Gödel ( 1964 ) , Parsons ( 1965 , 1971 , 1994 ) , Putnam ( 1971 ) , Steiner ( 1975 ) , Resnik ( 1981 , 1997 ) , Zalta ( 1983 , 1999 ) , Wright ( 1983 ) , Burgess ( 1983 ) , Hale ( 1987 ) , Shapiro ( 1989 , 1997 ) , the early Maddy ( 1990 ) , [ 4 ] Katz ( 1998 ) , Colyvan ( 2001 ) , McEvoy ( 2005 , 2012 ) , and Marcus ( 2015 ) .
Let 's begin our discussion of the platonists ' argument here by considering their reasons for thinking that we have to take sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ to be about abstract objects rather than mental or physical objects of some kind .
And let 's start with a discussion of the psychologistic view that mathematics is about mental objects .
Frege ( 1884 , introduction and section 27 ; 1893 –1903 , introduction ; 1894 ; and 1919 ) gave several compelling arguments against psychologism .
First , it seems that psychologism is incapable of accounting for the truth of sentences that are about all natural numbers , because there are infinitely many natural numbers and clearly , there could not be infinitely many number - ideas in human minds .
Second , psychologism seems to entail that sentences about very large numbers ( in particular , numbers that no one has ever had a thought about ) are not true ; for if none of us has ever had a thought about some very large number , then psychologism entails that there is no such number and , hence , that no sentence about that number could be true .
Third , psychologism turns mathematics into a branch of psychology , and it makes mathematical truths contingent upon psychological truths , so that , for instance , if we all died , ‘ 4 is greater than 2 ’ would suddenly become untrue .
But this seems wrong : it seems that mathematics is true independently of us ; that is , it seems that the question of whether 4 is greater than 2 has nothing at all to do with the question of how many humans are alive .
Fourth and finally , psychologism suggests that the proper methodology for mathematics is that of empirical psychology ; that is , it seems that if psychologism were true , then the proper way to discover whether , say , there is a prime number between 10,000,000 and 10,000,020 , would be to do an empirical study of humans and ascertain whether there is , in fact , an idea of such a number in one of our heads ; but of course , this is not the proper methodology for mathematics .
As Frege says ( 1884 , section 27 ) , “ Weird and wonderful …are the results of taking seriously the suggestion that number is an idea . ”
Platonists do not deny that we have ideas of mathematical objects .
What they deny is that our mathematical sentences are about these ideas .
Thus , the dispute between platonism and psychologism is primarily a semantic one .
Advocates of psychologism agree with platonists that in the sentence ‘ 3 is prime ’ , ‘ 3 ’ functions as a singular term ( i.e. , as a denoting expression ) .
But they disagree about the referent of this expression .
They think that ‘ 3 ’ refers to a mental object , in particular , an idea in our heads .
It is this semantic thesis that platonists reject and that the above Fregean arguments are supposed to refute .
More specifically , they 're supposed to show that the psychologistic semantics of mathematical discourse is not correct because it has consequences that fly in the face of the actual usage of mathematical language .
Another argument for the superiority of the platonist semantics of mathematical discourse over the psychologist semantics is based on the fact that in ordinary usage , one way to say that something does n't exist is to say that “ it exists only in your head ” .
[ 5 ]
To say that mathematical objects exist only in our heads , it seems , is just to say that they do n't exist .
For to say that they ( as opposed to our ideas of them ) exist is to say that they exist independently of us and our thinking .
Quine put this point in a very compelling way in connection with a conceptualistic view of mythical objects like Pegasus .
He writes ( 1948 , p. 2 ) :
McX [ who maintains that Pegasus exists and is an idea in our heads ] never confuses the Parthenon with the Parthenon - idea .
The Parthenon is physical ; the Parthenon - idea is mental … We cannot easily imagine two things more unlike …
But when we shift from the Parthenon to Pegasus , the confusion sets in — for no other reason than that McX would sooner be deceived by the crudest and most flagrant counterfeit than grant the nonbeing of Pegasus .
The same argument can be run against the psychologistic conflation of 3 - ideas with 3 : you might doubt that there really is such a thing as the number 3 , existing objectively and independently of us , but you should not for that reason claim that your idea of 3 is 3 , for that is just a confusion — it is like saying that your idea of Pegasus is Pegasus , or that your idea of the Parthenon is the Parthenon .
Let us move on now to immanent - realist , or physicalist , views of mathematics , and let us concentrate first on views like Mill 's ( 1843 , book II , chapters 5 and 6 ) , i.e. , views that maintain that sentences about numbers are really just general claims about bunches of ordinary objects .
On this view , the sentence ‘ 2 + 1 = 3 ’ , for instance , is n't really about specific objects ( the numbers 1 , 2 , and 3 ) .
Rather , it says that whenever we add one object to a pile of two objects , we will get a pile of three objects .
Now , in order to account for contemporary mathematics in this way , a contemporary Millian would have to take set theory to be about ordinary objects as well .
This , however , is untenable .
One argument here is that set theory could not be about bunches of ordinary objects , or piles of physical stuff , because corresponding to every physical pile , there are many , many sets .
Corresponding to a ball , for instance , is the set containing the ball , the set containing its molecules , the set containing its atoms , and so on .
( And we know that these are different sets , because they have different members , and it follows from set theory that if set A and set B have different members , then A is not identical to B. )
Indeed , the principles of set theory entail that corresponding to every physical object , there is a huge infinity of sets .
Corresponding to our ball , for instance , there is the set containing the ball , the set containing that set , the set containing that set , and so on ; and there is the set containing the ball and the set containing the set containing the ball ; and so on and on and on .
Clearly , these sets are not just piles of physical stuff , because ( a ) there are infinitely many of them ( again , this follows from the principles of set theory ) and ( b ) all of these infinitely many sets share the same physical base .
Thus , it seems that claims about sets are not claims about bunches of ordinary objects , or even generalized claims about such bunches .
They are claims about sets , which are objects of a different kind .
Another problem with physicalistic views along the lines of Mill 's is that they seem incapable of accounting for the sheer size of the infinities involved in set theory .
Standard set theory entails not just that there are infinitely large sets , but that there are infinitely many sizes of infinity , which get larger and larger with no end , and that there actually exist sets of all of these different sizes of infinity .
There is simply no plausible way to take this theory to be about physical stuff .
( These arguments do not refute the kind of immanent realism defended by the early Maddy ( 1990 ) .
On Maddy 's view , sets of physical objects are located in spacetime , right where their members are .
Thus , if you have two eggs in your hand , then you also have the set containing those eggs in your hand .
Maddy 's view has no problem accounting for the massive infinities in mathematics , for on her view , corresponding to every physical object , there is a huge infinity of sets that exist in space and time , right where the given physical object exists .
Given this , it should be clear that while Maddy 's view says that sets exist in spacetime , it can not be thought of as saying that sets are physical objects .
So Maddy 's view is not a physicalist view in the sense that 's relevant here ( as was pointed out above , it is better thought of as a non-standard version of platonism ) .
Thus , in the present context ( i.e. , the context in which platonists are trying to undermine views that take mathematical objects to be physical objects ) , platonists do not need to argue against Maddy 's view .
Of course , in the end , if they want to motivate the standard version of platonism , then they 'll have to give reasons for preferring their view to Maddy 's non-standard version of platonism , and this might prove hard to do .
For some arguments against Maddy 's early view , see , e.g. , Lavine ( 1992 ) , Dieterle and Shapiro ( 1993 ) , Balaguer ( 1998a ) , Milne ( 1994 ) , Riskin ( 1994 ) , Carson ( 1996 ) , and the later Maddy ( 1997 ) . )
If arguments like the ones we 've been discussing here are cogent , then sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ are not about physical or mental objects , and therefore , psychologism and immanent realism are not tenable views of mathematics .
But that is not the end of the singular term argument for the existence of abstract mathematical objects , for we still need to consider nominalistic views of sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ .
In order for platonists to establish their view , they need to refute these nominalistic views as well as psychologistic and physicalistic views .
And it should be noted that this is the hard part .
There is a good deal of agreement among philosophers of mathematics that psychologism and immanent realism are untenable ; that is , most philosophers of mathematics are either platonists or nominalists ; but there is very little agreement as to whether platonism or nominalism is correct .
How can nominalists proceed in developing an account of sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ ?
One strategy is to reject premise ( 1 ) and the standard criterion of ontological commitment discussed above .
The most obvious way to do this is to endorse the following view : ( a ) simple mathematical sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ should be read as being of the form ‘ a is F ' and as being about abstract objects ( e.g. , ‘ 3 ’ should be taken as denoting the number 3 , which could only be an abstract object , and ‘ 3 is prime ’ should be taken as being a claim about that object ) ; and ( b ) abstract objects — in particular , mathematical objects like the number 3 — do n’t exist ( and the claim here is that they do n’t have any sort of being whatsoever , so this is not a Meinongian view ) ; but ( c ) sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ are still literally true .
Thus , on this view , a claim about an object a can be true even if that object does n’t exist at all .
Let ’s call this view thin - truth - ism .
Views of this general kind have been endorsed by Azzouni ( 1994 , 2004 ) , Salmon ( 1998 ) , and Bueno ( 2005 ) .
Thin - truth - ists endorse a similar view of existence claims .
For instance , on their view , the sentence ‘ There are infinitely many prime numbers ’ is literally true , even though there are no such things as numbers .
This might look like a contradiction , but it 's not , because according to thin - truth - ism , existential expressions ( or quantifiers ) like ' there is ' are ambiguous .
Most philosophers find this view extremely hard to believe .
Indeed , a lot of philosophers would say that it is simply confused , or incoherent .
But , in fact , thin - truth - ism is not incoherent .
A better way to formulate the problem with the view is as follows : in giving up on the standard criterion of ontological commitment , thin - truth - ists seem to be using ‘ true ’ in a non-standard way .
Most of us would say that if there is no such thing as the number 3 , and if ‘ 3 is prime ’ is read at face value ( i.e. , as being about the number 3 ) , then it follows trivially that ‘ 3 is prime ’ could not be true .
Or more generally , most of us would say that if there is no such thing as the object a , then sentences of the form ‘ a is F ’ can not be literally true .
This , of course , is just to say that most of us accept the standard criterion of ontological commitment discussed above , but the point here is that this criterion seems to be built into the standard meaning of words like ‘ true ’ .
Indeed , this explains why the standard criterion of ontological commitment is so widely accepted .
Another worry one might raise about thin - truth - ism is that it only differs from fictionalism in a merely verbal way .
Let ‘ thin - true ’ express the kind of truth that thin - truth - ists have in mind , and let ‘ thick - true ’ express the kind of truth that everyone else in the debate has in mind ( i.e. , platonists , fictionalists , paraphrase nominalists , and so on ) .
Given this , fictionalists and thin - truth - ists will both endorse all of the following claims : ( a ) platonists are right that ‘ 3 is prime ’ is a claim about the number 3 ; and ( b ) there is no such thing as the number 3 ; so ( c ) ‘ 3 is prime ’ is n’t thick - true ; but despite this , ( d ) ‘ 3 is prime ’ is thin - true .
Now , of course , thin - truth - ists and fictionalists will disagree about whether ‘ 3 is prime ’ is true , but this will collapse into a disagreement about whether thin - truth or thick - truth is real truth , and this is just a disagreement about what the word ‘ true ’ means in ordinary folk English , and it ’s hard to see why an empirical question about how the folk happen to use some word is relevant to the debate about the existence of mathematical objects .
In any event , if we reject thin - truth - ism — i.e. , if we accept premise ( 1 ) and the standard criterion of ontological commitment — then there are two general strategies that nominalists can adopt in giving a view of mathematical sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ .
First , they can endorse a paraphrase view , and second , they can endorse a fictionalist view .
Those who endorse paraphrase views claim that while sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ are true , they should not be read as platonists read them , because we can paraphrase these sentences with other sentences that do not commit us to the existence of abstract objects .
One view of this sort , known as if - thenism , holds that ‘ 3 is prime ’ can be paraphrased by ‘ If there were numbers , then 3 would be prime ’ ( for an early version of this sort of view , see the early Hilbert ( 1899 and his letters to Frege in Frege ( 1980 ) ) ; for later versions , see Putnam ( 1967a and 1967 b ) and Hellman ( 1989 ) ) .
A second version of the paraphrase strategy , which we can call metamathematical formalism ( see Curry ( 1951 ) ) , is that ‘ 3 is prime ’ can be paraphrased by “ ‘ 3 is prime ’ follows from the axioms of arithmetic ” . [ 6 ]
A third version , developed by Chihara ( 1990 ) , is that mathematical sentences that seem to make claims about what mathematical objects exist — e.g. , ‘ There is a prime number between 2 and 4 ’ — can be paraphrased into sentences about what it 's possible for us to do ( in particular , what it 's possible for us to write down ) .
Others to endorse paraphrase views include Hofweber ( 2005 ) , Rayo ( 2008 ) , Moltmann ( 2013 ) , and Yi ( 2002 ) .
One problem with the various paraphrase views ( not to put too fine a point on it ) is that none of the paraphrases seems very good .
That is , the paraphrases seem to misrepresent what we actually mean when we say things like ‘ 3 is prime ’ ( and by ‘ we ’ , I mean both mathematicians and ordinary folk ) .
What we mean , it seems , is that 3 is prime — not that if there were numbers , then 3 would be prime , or that the sentence ‘ 3 is prime ’ follows from the axioms of arithmetic , or any such thing .
And notice how the situation here differs from cases where we do seem to have good paraphrases .
For instance , one might try to claim that if we endorse the sentence
( A1 ) The average accountant has two children ,
then we are ontologically committed to the existence of the average accountant ; but it is plausible to suppose that , in fact , we are not so committed , because ( A1 ) can be paraphrased by the sentence
( A2 ) On average , accountants have two children .
Moreover , it seems plausible to maintain that this is a good paraphrase of ( A1 ) , because it seems clear that when people say things like ( A1 ) , what they really mean are things like ( A2 ) .
But in the present case , this seems wrong : it does not seem plausible to suppose that when people say ‘ 3 is prime ’ , what they really mean is ‘ If there were numbers , then 3 would be prime ’ .
Again , it seems that what we mean here is , very simply , that 3 is prime .
In short , when people say things like ‘ 3 is prime ’ , they do not usually have any intention to be saying anything other than what these sentences seem to say ; and because of this , it seems that the platonist 's face - value semantics for mathematical discourse is correct .
Some paraphrase nominalists ( e.g. , Chihara 1990 , 2004 ) maintain that it does n't matter what we really mean , that paraphrase nominalists are n't committed to the thesis that their paraphrases capture the real ordinary - language meanings of our mathematical sentences .
But this is false .
If paraphrase nominalists admit that platonists are right about the ordinary - language meanings of mathematical sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ , then their view will collapse into a fictionalist view , according to which sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ are not literally true .
For since paraphrase nominalists do n't believe in the existence of mathematical objects , if they admit that ordinary utterances of ‘ 3 is prime ’ are best interpreted as being about mathematical objects , or purporting to be about such objects , then they will have to admit that such sentences are literally untrue , as fictionalists maintain .
Thus , if the paraphrase nominalist view is going to be a genuine alternative to fictionalism , it has to involve the thesis that the paraphrases that nominalists are offering capture the real meanings of ordinary mathematical sentences .
On the other hand , paraphrase nominalists might try to argue that they are right about the ordinary - language meanings of sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ , even though this is not obvious or transparent to ordinary speakers .
This stance , however , would be extremely controversial and difficult to motivate .
One paraphrase view that has become somewhat popular recently holds that sentences that seem to be about numbers are best read as being about plurals .
For instance , we might read ‘ 2 + 2 = 4 ’ as really saying something like this : two and two are four ( or two objects and two ( more ) objects are four objects , or some such thing ) .
Views of this general kind have been endorsed or defended by , e.g. , Yi ( 2002 , forthcoming ) , Hofweber ( 2005 ) , and Moltmann ( 2013 ) .
This view fits better with ordinary usage than some of the other paraphrase - nominalist views , and for sentences like ‘ 2 + 2 = 4 ’ they can seem plausible .
But when we switch to sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ — and , even worse , ‘ There are infinitely many primes ’ — they can start to seem cumbersome and less plausible .
( For a good in - depth discussion and critique of some of the paraphrase - nominalist views , see Burgess and Rosen ( 1997 ) . )
Let 's move on now to a discussion of fictionalism , which is the last option for nominalists .
Unlike paraphrase nominalists , fictionalists admit that the platonist 's face - value semantics for mathematical discourse is correct ; but because fictionalists do n't believe in abstract objects , they think that mathematical sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ are not true .
In other words , fictionalists maintain that ( a ) platonists are right that sentences like ‘ 3 is prime ’ do purport to be about abstract objects , but ( b ) there are no such things as abstract objects , and so ( c ) these sentences — and , indeed , our mathematical theories — are untrue .
Thus , on this view , just as Alice in Wonderland is not true because there are no such things as talking rabbits , hookah - smoking caterpillars , and so on , so too our mathematical theories are not true because there are no such things as numbers and sets and so on . [ 7 ] .
( Fictionalism has been developed by Field ( 1980 , 1989 , 1998 ) , Balaguer ( 1998a , 2009 ) , Rosen ( 2001 ) , and Leng ( 2005a , 2005 b , 2010 ) .
One might also interpret Melia ( 2000 ) , Yablo ( 2002a , 2002b , 2005 ) , and Bueno ( 2009 ) as fictionalists .
Finally , Hoffman ( 2004 ) endorses a kind of fictionalism , but her view is very different from the one under discussion here ; for a bit more on her view , see the entry on fictionalism in the philosophy of mathematics . )
There are a few different ways that platonists might try to argue against fictionalism .
The most famous and widely discussed argument against fictionalism is the Quine - Putnam indispensability argument ( see Quine ( 1948 , 1951 ) , Putnam ( 1971 , 2012 ) , and Colyvan ( 2001 ) ) .
This argument ( or at any rate , one version of it ) proceeds as follows : it can not be that mathematics is untrue , as fictionalists suggest , because ( a ) mathematics is an indispensable part of our physical theories ( e.g. , quantum mechanics , general relativity theory , evolutionary theory , and so on ) and so ( b ) if we want to maintain that our physical theories are true ( and surely we do — we do n't want our disbelief in abstract objects to force us to be anti-realists about natural science ) , then we have to maintain that our mathematical theories are true .
Fictionalists have developed two different responses to the Quine - Putnam argument .
The first , developed by Field ( 1980 ) and Balaguer ( 1998a ) , is based on the claim that mathematics is , in fact , not indispensable to empirical science — i.e. , that our empirical theories can be nominalized , or reformulated in a way that avoids reference to abstract objects .
The second response , developed by Balaguer ( 1998a ) , Rosen ( 2001 ) , Yablo ( 2005 ) , Bueno ( 2009 ) , Leng ( 2010 ) , and perhaps Melia ( 2000 ) , is to grant the indispensability of mathematics to empirical science and to simply account for the relevant applications from a fictionalist point of view .
( A counterresponse to this second response has been given by Colyvan ( 2002 ) and Baker ( 2005 , 2009 ) , who argue that fictionalists can’t account for the explanatory role that mathematics plays in science ; responses to the explanatory version of the indispensability argument have been given by Melia ( 2002 ) , Leng ( 2005 b ) , Bangu ( 2008 ) , and Daly and Langford ( 2009 ) . )
There is no consensus on whether the fictionalist responses to the Quine - Putnam argument are successful .
But even if they are , there are other objections that platonists might raise against fictionalism .
For instance , one might argue that fictionalists cannot account for the objectivity of mathematics ( for responses to this , see Field ( 1980 , 1989 , 1998 ) and Balaguer ( 2009 ) ) .
Or , second , one might argue that fictionalism is not a nominalistically acceptable view because formulations of it invariably involve tacit reference to various kinds of abstract objects , such as sentence types , or stories , or possible worlds ( for responses to this , see Field ( 1989 ) , Balaguer ( 1998a ) , and Rosen ( 2001 ) ) .
For other objections to fictionalism , see , e.g. , Malament ( 1982 ) , Shapiro ( 1983a ) , Resnik ( 1985 ) , Chihara ( 1990 , chapter 8 , section 5 ) , Horwich ( 1991 ) , O’Leary - Hawthorne ( 1997 ) , Burgess and Rosen ( 1997 ) , Katz ( 1998 ) , Thomas ( 2000 , 2002 ) , Stanley ( 2002 ) , Bueno ( 2003 ) , Szabo ( 2003 ) , Hoffman ( 2004 ) , and Burgess ( 2004 ) .
For responses to these objections , see the various fictionalist works cited above , as well as Daly ( 2008 ) and Liggins ( 2010 ) .
And for a discussion of all these objections , as well as fictionalist responses to them , see the entry on fictionalism in the philosophy of mathematics . )
In the end , it 's not obvious whether platonists can successfully refute fictionalism , and more generally , it 's not obvious whether the version of the singular term argument rehearsed in this subsection provides a good reason for believing in abstract mathematical objects .
We turn now to a version of the singular term argument aimed at establishing the existence of propositions .
Once again , the most important figure in the development of this argument is Frege ( 1892 , 1919 ) .
Other relevant figures ( who would n't all endorse an argument like the one sketched below ) include Russell ( 1905 , 1910 – 1911 ) , Church ( 1950 , 1954 ) , Quine ( 1956 ) , Kaplan ( 1968 –69 , 1989 ) , Kripke ( 1972 , 1979 ) , Schiffer ( 1977 , 1987 , 1994 ) , Perry ( 1979 ) , Evans ( 1981 ) , Peacocke ( 1981 ) , Barwise and Perry ( 1983 ) , Bealer ( 1982 , 1993 ) , Zalta ( 1983 , 1988 ) , Katz ( 1986 ) , Salmon ( 1986 ) , Soames ( 1987 , 2014 ) , Forbes ( 1987 ) , Crimmins and Perry ( 1989 ) , Richard ( 1990 ) , Crimmins ( 1998 ) , Recanati ( 1993 , 2000 ) , King ( 1995 , 2014 ) , Braun ( 1998 ) , and Saul ( 1999 ) .
The relevant sentences here are belief ascriptions , i.e. , sentences like ‘ Clinton believes that snow is white ’ and ‘ Emily believes that Santa Claus is fat ’ .
The first point to note about these sentences is that they involve ‘ that ’- clauses , where a ‘ that ’- clause is simply the word ‘ that ’ added to the front of a complete sentence — e.g. , ‘ that snow is white ’ .
The second point to be made is that ‘ that ’- clauses , in English , are singular terms .
A common way to illustrate this point — see , e.g. , Bealer ( 1982 and 1993 ) and Schiffer ( 1994 ) — is to appeal to arguments like the following :
I. Clinton believes that snow is white .
Therefore , Clinton believes something ( namely , that snow is white ) .
This argument seems to be valid , and platonists claim that the best and only tenable explanation of this fact involves a commitment to the idea that the ‘ that ’- clause in this argument , i.e. , ‘ that snow is white ’ , is a singular term .
But if ‘ that ’- clauses are singular terms , what sorts of objects do they refer to ?
Well , it might seem that they refer to facts , or states of affairs .
For instance , it might seem that ‘ that snow is white ’ refers to the fact that snow is white .
This , however , is a mistake ( at least in connection with the ‘ that ’- clauses that appear in belief reports ) .
For since beliefs can be false , it follows that the ‘ that ’- clauses in our belief reports refer to things that can be false .
E.g. , if Sammy is seven years old , then the sentence ‘ Sammy believes that snow is powdered sugar ’ could be true ; but if this sentence is true , then ( by our criterion of ontological commitment ) its ‘ that ’- clause refers to a real object ; but then it cannot refer to a fact , because ( obviously ) there is no such thing as the fact that snow is powdered sugar .
These considerations suggest that the referents of the ‘ that ’- clauses that appear in belief ascriptions are things that can be true or false .
But if this is right , then it seems that the objects of belief must be either sentences or propositions .
The standard platonist view is that they are propositions .
Before we consider their arguments for this claim , we need to say a few words about the different kinds of sentential views that one might endorse .
To begin with , we need to distinguish between sentence types and sentence tokens .
To appreciate the difference , consider the following indented sentences :
Cats are cute .
Cats are cute .
We have here two different tokens of a single sentence type .
Thus , a token is an actual physical thing , located at a specific place in spacetime ; it is a pile of ink on a page ( structured in an appropriate way ) , or a sound wave , or a collection of pixels on a computer screen , or something of this sort .
A type , on the other hand , can be tokened numerous times but is not identical with any single token .
Thus , a sentence type is an abstract object .
And so if we are looking for an anti-platonist view of what ‘ that ’- clauses refer to , or what belief reports are about , we cannot say that they 're about sentence types ; we have to say they 're about sentence tokens .
A second distinction that needs to be drawn here is between sentence tokens that are external , or public , and sentence tokens that are internal , or private .
Examples of external sentence tokens were given in the last paragraph — piles of ink , sound waves , and so on .
An internal sentence token , on the other hand , exists inside a particular person 's head .
There is a wide - spread view — due mainly to Jerry Fodor ( 1975 and 1987 ) but adopted by many others , e.g. , Stich ( 1983 ) — that we are able to perform cognitive tasks ( e.g. , think , remember information , and have beliefs ) only because we are capable of storing information in our heads in a neural language ( often called mentalese , or the language of thought ) .
In connection with beliefs , the idea here is that to believe that , say , snow is white , is to have a neural sentence stored in your head ( in a belief way , as opposed to a desire way , or some other way ) that means in mentalese that snow is white .
This gives us two different anti-platonist alternatives to the view that belief reports involve references to propositions .
First , there is the conceptualistic ( or mentalistic ) view that belief reports involve references to sentences in our heads , or mentalese sentence tokens .
And , second , there is the physicalistic view that belief reports involve references to external sentence tokens , i.e. , to piles of ink , and so on ( versions of this view have been endorsed by Carnap ( 1947 ) , Davidson ( 1967 ) , and Leeds ( 1979 ) ) .
There are a number of arguments that suggest that ordinary belief reports cannot be taken to be about ( internal or external ) sentences and that we have to take them to be about propositions .
We will rehearse one such argument here , an argument that goes back at least to Church ( 1950 ) .
Suppose that Boris and Jerry both live in cold climates and are very familiar with snow .
Thus , they both believe that snow is white .
But Boris lives in Russia and speaks only Russian , whereas Jerry lives in Minnesota and speaks only English .
Now , consider the following argument :
II .
Boris believes that snow is white .
Jerry believes that snow is white .
Therefore , there 's at least one thing that Boris and Jerry both believe , namely , that snow is white .
This argument seems clearly valid ; but this seems to rule out the idea that the belief reports here are about sentence tokens .
For ( a ) in order to account for the validity of the argument , we have to take the two ‘ that ’- clauses to refer to the same thing , and ( b ) there is no sentence token that they could both refer to .
First of all , they could n't refer to any external sentence token ( or , for that matter , any sentence type associated with any natural language ) , because ( i ) if the first ‘ that ’- clause refers to such a sentence , it would presumably be a Russian sentence , since Boris speaks only Russian ; [ 8 ] and ( ii ) if the second ‘ that ’- clause refers to such a sentence , it would presumably be an English sentence , since Jerry speaks only English ; and so ( iii ) the two ‘ that ’- clauses cannot both refer to the same external sentence token ( or natural - language sentence type ) .
And second , they cannot refer to any mentalese sentence token , because ( i ) if the first ‘ that ’- clause refers to such a sentence , it would presumably be in Boris 's head ; and ( ii ) if the second ‘ that ’- clause refers to such a sentence , it would presumably be in Jerry 's head ; and so ( iii ) the two ‘ that ’- clauses cannot both refer to the same mentalese sentence token .
Therefore , it seems to follow that the ‘ that ’- clauses in the above argument do not refer to sentence tokens of any kind .
And since these are ordinary belief ascriptions , it follows that , in general , the ‘ that ’- clauses that appear in ordinary belief ascriptions do not refer to sentence tokens .
Now as it's formulated here , this argument does n't rule out the view that ‘ that ’- clauses refer to mentalese sentence types , but the argument can be extended to rule out that view as well ( e.g. , one might do this by talking not of an American and a Russian but of two creatures with different internal languages of thought ) .
I wo n't run through the details of this here , since , as we 've seen , anti-platonists can't claim that ‘ that ’- clauses refer to types anyway , because types are abstract objects .
But if we assume that that version of the argument is cogent as well , then it follows that ‘ that ’- clauses do n't refer to sentences of any kind at all and , hence , that they must refer to propositions . [ 9 ]
Now , notice that the issue so far has been purely semantic .
What the above argument suggests is that regardless of whether there are any such things as propositions , our ‘ that ’- clauses are best interpreted as purporting to refer to such objects .
Platonists then claim that if this is correct , then there must be such things as propositions , because , clearly , many of our belief ascriptions are true .
For instance , ‘ Clinton believes that snow is white ’ is true ; thus , if the above analysis of ‘ that ’- clauses is correct , and if our criterion of ontological commitment is correct , it follows that there is such a thing as the proposition that snow is white .
This version of the singular term argument might seem even more powerful than the mathematical - object version of the singular term argument sketched in section 4.1 , because in this case , it does n't seem that there is as much room for paraphrase nominalism .
We saw in section 4.1 that there are a number of programs for paraphrasing the statements of mathematics , but there are no obvious strategies for paraphrasing ordinary belief ascriptions .
One might think this could be done by taking sentences of the form ‘ S believes that p’ to mean ‘ If there existed propositions , then S would believe that p’ ; but this sort of view is even less plausible here than it is in the mathematical case .
It is just wildly implausible to suppose that when common folk say things like ‘ Clinton believes that his presidency was successful ’ , they mean to be making hypothetical claims about what the person in question would believe in some alternate situation .
However , while paraphrase nominalism seems hopeless in the case of propositions , Balaguer ( 1998 b ) has argued that fictionalistic nominalism carries over very well to the case of propositions .
More specifically , fictionalists can say that ‘ Clinton believes that snow is white ’ is strictly speaking not true ( because its ‘ that ’- clause is supposed to refer to a proposition , and there are no such things as propositions ) but that we can still use it to say something essentially accurate about Clinton 's belief state , because there are facts about Clinton that make it the case that if there existed propositions , then it would be true that he believes that snow is white .
One way to argue for a platonistic view of properties and relations is first to use the argument of section 4.2 to argue for a platonistic view of propositions , and then to claim that this argument already contains an argument for properties and relations , because properties and relations are components of propositions .
If we adopt a Russellian view of propositions , this is straightforward , because it is built into the Russellian view that propositions are composed of objects , properties , and relations ( see section 1 ) .
If we adopt a Fregean view of propositions , however , the situation is different .
On the Fregean view , propositions are composed of senses , which we can think of as meanings , or concepts .
Now , Frege himself did not use the word ‘ concept ’ to talk about these things — he used the German ‘ sinn ’ , which is usually translated as ‘ sense ’ — but we can use the word ‘ concept ’ here .
On this way of talking , we can say that on a Fregean view , if we have good reason to countenance the existence of , e.g. , the proposition that roses are red , then we also have good reason to countenance the existence of the concept red .
Now , some Fregeans might want to say that the property of redness just is the concept of redness , and if so , then they could maintain with Russellians that if there exist propositions , then there also exist properties and relations .
But most Fregeans would want to deny that properties are concepts , so in order to motivate a platonistic view of properties and relations , they would need an entirely different argument .
And since we have already found that the One Over Many argument for properties and relations is not cogent , this other argument would presumably be a version of the singular term argument , one that was aimed specifically at establishing the existence of properties and relations .
The most obvious way to formulate an independent property - and - relation version of the singular term argument would be to appeal to sentences like
( P1 ) Mars possesses the property of redness
and
( R1 ) San Francisco stands in the north - of relation to Los Angeles .
In order to make out a version of the singular term argument here , platonists would need to begin by arguing that these sentences commit us to the existence of the property of redness and the north - of relation , respectively , because ( a ) they have singular terms that denote those things , and ( b ) they are true .
In order to motivate claim ( a ) , platonists would have to refute the paraphrase - nominalist claim that sentences like ( P1 ) and ( R1 ) are equivalent to sentences like ‘ Mars is red ’ and ‘ San Francisco is north of Los Angeles ’ and that none of these sentences entails the existence of properties or relations .
And in order to motivate claim ( b ) , platonists would have to refute the fictionalist view that sentences like ( P1 ) and ( R1 ) are untrue because they do entail the existence of properties and relations and because there are no such things as properties or relations ( of course , fictionalists maintain that while ( P1 ) and ( R1 ) are n't literally true , they can still be used colloquially to say things that about the world that are essentially accurate — see section 3 ) . [ 10 ]
If platonists managed to establish the existence of properties and relations in this way , they would still need to argue that such things could only be abstract objects .
That is , they would have to argue that properties and relations are not ideas ( as conceptualists claim ) or universals inhering in physical things ( as immanent realists claim ) .
The arguments listed above against conceptualistic or psychologistic views of numbers also tell against conceptualism about properties and relations .
For instance , as Russell ( 1912 , chapter IX ) points out , property claims and relational claims seem to be objective ; e.g. , the fact that Mount Everest is taller than Mont Blanc is a fact that holds independently of us ; but conceptualism about universals entails that if we all died , it would no longer be true that Mount Everest bears the taller than relation to Mont Blanc , because that relation would no longer exist .
And , second , conceptualism seems simply to get the semantics of our property discourse wrong , for it seems to confuse properties with our ideas of them .
The English sentence ‘ Red is a color ’ does not seem to be about anybody 's idea of redness ; it seems to be about redness , the actual color , which , it seems , is something objective .
There are also some very famous arguments against the immanent realist view of properties and relations .
First , it is not clear that it is coherent to say that there is such a thing as redness and that this one thing exists in many different objects at the same time .
Second , it is not clear what it is for an object to possess a property on the immanent realist view .
Most immanent realists would not say that property possession is a full - blown relation , for this would just be another universal , and it is commonly thought that if immanent realists adopted this view , it would lead to an unacceptable infinite regress .
( If we 're told that an object a possesses Fness iff a stands in the possession relation to Fness , then one might ask , “ What is it for an object and a property to stand in the possession relation to one another ? ” , and so on .
For more on this , see the entry on properties . )
In light of this , many immanent realists maintain that when an object a possesses a property Fness , a and Fness are “ linked together ” in some non-relational way , e.g. , a way that is more intimate , or primitive , than ordinary relational connections .
But it is not clear what this really amounts to .
( Immanent realists might respond that platonists also have a problem here — i.e. , that platonists also have to provide an account of the relation , or “ connection ” , between objects and properties .
But some platonists might argue that the problem is n't as bad for them because platonistic properties are causally inert , and so they are not responsible in any way for objects having the natures they have , and they do not play any important role in our explanations of why objects have the natures they have .
For instance , if a is F , Fness is not responsible in any way for a having the nature that it has .
Thus , platonists might claim that a is simply an example of Fness and that there is no more to their relation than that . [ 11 ]
Immanent realists , however , think that ordinary physical objects are the way they are because they possess the properties they do .
Thus , they seem committed to the thesis that there is some sort of physically substantial connection , or link , between objects and their properties , and it is not at all clear what this could be .
There has been a lot of philosophy dedicated to this problem , but there is no consensus on how ( or whether ) it can be solved . )
It is worth noting that platonists who argue for properties and relations in conjunction with propositions — i.e. , by first arguing for propositions and then claiming that properties and relations are components of propositions — will have an easier time arguing that properties and relations could n't exist in our minds ( as conceptualists say ) or in things ( as immanent realists say ) .
In connection with conceptualism , platonists of this sort could claim that the argument given in section 4.2 for thinking that ‘ that ’- clauses do n't refer to mentalese sentence tokens suggests that propositions ( which are the referents of ‘ that ’- clauses ) could not be made up of properties that exist in our heads .
And in connection with immanent realism , platonists of this sort could argue that propositions could n't be composed of immanent - realist properties , because people can believe propositions that are composed of properties that are not instantiated in the physical world .
For instance , it seems that sentences like ‘ Johnny believes that there is a four - hundred - story building in Sally 's backyard ’ can be true , and so according to the above platonist argument for propositions , there must be such a thing as the proposition that there is a four - hundred - story building in Sally 's backyard .
But if propositions have properties as components , then this proposition has as a component the property of being a four - hundred - story building .
But if properties exist only in physical things , as immanent realists suggest , then there is no such thing as the property of being a four - hundred - story building , since presumably , nothing in the universe has this property .
Thus , the conclusion here is that if propositions have properties as components , then the properties in question have to be transcendent , platonist properties , not immanent properties . [ 12 ]
Linguistics is a branch of science that tells us things about sentences .
For instance , it says things like
( A) ‘ The cat is on the mat ’ is a well - formed sentence of English ,
and
( B) ‘ Visiting relatives can be boring ’ is structurally ambiguous .
The quoted sentences that appear in ( A ) and ( B ) are singular terms ; e.g. , “ ‘ The cat is on the mat ’ ” refers to the sentence ‘ The cat is on the mat ’ , and ( A ) says of this sentence that it has a certain property , namely , that of being a well - formed English sentence .
Thus , if sentences like ( A ) are true — and it certainly seems that they are — then they commit us to believing in the existence of sentences .
Now , one might hold a physicalistic view here according to which linguistics is about actual ( external ) sentence tokens , e.g. , piles of ink and verbal sound waves .
( This view was popular in the early part of the 20th century — see , e.g. , Bloomfield ( 1933 ) , Harris ( 1954 ) , and Quine ( 1953 ) . )
Or alternatively , one might hold a conceptualistic view , maintaining that linguistics is essentially a branch of psychology ; the main proponent of this view is Noam Chomsky ( 1965 , chapter 1 ) , who thinks of a grammar for a natural language as being about an ideal speaker - hearer 's knowledge of the given language , but see also Sapir ( 1921 ) , Stich ( 1972 ) , and Fodor ( 1981 ) .
But there are reasons for thinking that neither the physicalist nor the conceptualist approach is tenable and that the only plausible way to interpret linguistic theory is as being about sentence types , which of course , are abstract objects ( proponents of the platonistic view include Katz ( 1981 ) , Soames ( 1985 ) , and Langendoen and Postal ( 1985 ) ) .
Katz constructs arguments here that are very similar to the ones we considered above , in connection with mathematical objects ( section 4.1 ) .
One argument here is that linguistic theory seems to have consequences that are ( a ) true and ( b ) about sentences that have never been tokened ( internally or externally ) , e.g. , sentences like ‘ Green Elvises slithered unwittingly toward Arizona 's favorite toaster ’ .
( Of course , now that I 've written this sentence down , it has been tokened , but it seems likely that before I wrote it down , it had never been tokened . )
Standard linguistic theory entails that many sentences that have never been tokened ( internally or externally ) are well - formed English sentences .
Thus , if we want to claim that our linguistic theories are true , then we have to accept these consequences , or theorems , of linguistic theory .
But these theorems are clearly not true of any sentence tokens ( because the sentences in question have never been tokened ) and so , it is argued , they must be true of sentence types .
It is a very widely held view among contemporary philosophers that we need to appeal to entities known as possible worlds in order to account for various phenomena .
There are dozens of phenomena that philosophers have thought should be explained in terms of possible worlds , but to name just one , it is often argued that semantic theory is best carried out in terms of possible worlds .
Consider , for example , the attempt to state the truth conditions of sentences of the form ‘ It is necessary that S ’ and ‘ It is possible that S ’ ( where S is any sentence ) .
It is widely believed that the best theory here is that a sentence of the form ‘ It is necessary that S ’ is true if and only if S is true in all possible worlds , and a sentence of the form ‘ It is possible that S ’ is true if and only if S is true in at least one possible world .
Now , if we add to this theory the premise that at least one sentence of the form ‘ It is possible that S ’ is true — and this seems undeniable — then we are led to the result that possible worlds exist .
Now , as was the case with numbers , properties , and sentences , not everyone who endorses possible worlds thinks that they are abstract objects ; indeed , one leading proponent of the use of possible worlds in philosophy and semantics — namely , David Lewis ( 1986 ) — maintains that possible worlds are of the same kind as the actual world , and so he takes them to be concrete objects .
However , most philosophers who endorse possible worlds take them to be abstract objects ( see , e.g. , Plantinga ( 1974 , 1976 ) , Adams ( 1974 ) , Chisholm ( 1976 ) , and Pollock ( 1984 ) ) .
It is important to note , however , that possible worlds are very often not taken to constitute a new kind of abstract object .
For instance , it is very popular to maintain that a possible world is just a set of propositions .
( To see how a set of propositions could serve as a possible world , notice that if you believed in full - blown possible worlds — worlds that are just like the actual world in kind — then you would say that corresponding to each of these worlds , there is a set of propositions that completely and accurately describes the given world , or is true of that world .
Many philosophers who do n't believe in full - blown possible worlds maintain that these sets of propositions are good enough — i.e. , that we can take them to be possible worlds . )
Or alternatively , one might think of a possible world as a state of affairs , or as a way things could be .
In so doing , one might think of these as constituting a new kind of abstract object , or one might think of them as properties — giant , complex properties that the entire universe may or may not possess .
For instance , one might say that the actual universe possesses the property of being such that snow is white and grass is green and San Francisco is north of Los Angeles , and so on .
In any event , if possible worlds are indeed abstract objects , and if the above argument for the existence of possible worlds is cogent , then this would give us another argument for platonism .
Frege ( 1884 , 1893 –1903 ) appealed to sentences like the following :
(D) The number of Fs is identical to the number of Gs if and only if there is a one - to - one correspondence between the Fs and the Gs. ( E ) The direction of line a is identical to the direction of line b if and only if a is parallel to b. ( F ) The shape of figure a is identical to the shape of figure b if and only if a is geometrically similar to b .
On Frege 's view , principles like these are true , and so they commit us to the existence of numbers , lines , and shapes .
Now , of course , we have already gone through a platonistic argument — indeed , a Fregean argument — for the existence of numbers .
Moreover , the standard platonist view is that the argument for the existence of mathematical objects is entirely general , covering all branches of mathematics , including geometry , so that on this view , we already have reason to believe in lines and shapes , as well as numbers .
But it is worth noting that in contrast to most contemporary platonists , Frege thought of numbers , lines , and shapes as logical objects , because on his view , these things can be identified with extensions of concepts .
What is the extension of a concept ?
Well , simplifying a bit , it is just the set of things falling under the given concept .
Thus , for instance , the extension of the concept white is just the set of white things . [ 13 ]
And so the idea here is that since logic is centrally concerned with predicates and their corresponding concepts , and since extensions are tied to concepts , we can think of extensions as logical objects .
Thus , since Frege thinks that numbers , lines , and shapes can be identified with extensions , on his view , we can think of these things as logical objects .
Frege 's definitions of numbers , lines , and shapes in terms of extensions can be formulated as follows : ( i ) the number of Fs is the extension of the concept equinumerous with F ( that is , it is the set of all concepts that have exactly as many objects falling under them as does F ) ; and ( ii ) the direction of line a is the extension of the concept parallel to a ; and ( iii ) the shape of figure a is the extension of the concept geometrically similar to a .
A similar approach can be used to define other kinds of logical objects .
For instance , the truth value of the proposition p can be identified with the extension of the concept equivalent to p ( i.e. , the concept true if and only if p is true ) .
It should be noted that contemporary neo -Fregeans reject the identification of directions and shapes and so on with extensions of concepts .
They hold instead that directions and shapes are sui generis abstract objects .
For contemporary work on this issue , see , e.g. , Wright ( 1983 ) , Boolos ( 1986 –87 ) , and Anderson and Zalta ( 2004 ) .
Finally , a number of philosophers ( see , most notably , van Inwagen ( 1977 ) , Wolterstorff ( 1980 ) , and Zalta ( 1983 , 1988 ) ) think that fictional objects , or fictional characters , are best thought of as abstract objects .
( Salmon ( 1998 ) and Thomasson ( 1999 ) also take fictional objects to be abstract , but their views are a bit different ; they maintain that abstract fictional objects are created by humans . )
To see why one might be drawn to this view , consider the following sentence :
( G) Sherlock Holmes is a detective .
Now , if this sentence actually appeared in one of the Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle , then that token of it would not be true — it would be a bit of fiction .
But if you were telling a child about these stories , and the child asked , “ What does Holmes do for a living ? ” , and you answered by uttering ( G ) , then it seems plausible to suppose that what you have said is true .
But if it is true , then it seems that its singular term , ‘ Sherlock Holmes ’ , must refer to something .
What it refers to , according to the view in question , is an abstract object , in particular , a fictional character .
In short , present - day utterances of ( G ) are true statements about a fictional character ; but if Doyle had put ( G ) into one his stories , it would not have been true , and its singular term would not have referred to anything .
There is a worry about this view that can be put in the following way : if there is such a thing as Sherlock Holmes , then it has arms and legs ; but if Sherlock Holmes is an abstract object , as this view supposes , then it does not have arms and legs ( because abstract objects are non-physical ) ; therefore , it cannot be the case that Sherlock Holmes exists and is an abstract object , for this leads to contradiction .
Various solutions to this problem have been proposed .
For instance , Zalta argues that in addition to exemplifying certain properties , abstract objects also encode properties .
The fictional character Sherlock Holmes encodes the properties of being a detective , being male , being English , having arms and legs , and so on .
But it does not exemplify any of these properties .
It exemplifies the properties of being abstract , being a fictional character , having been thought of first by Arthur Conan Doyle , and so on .
Zalta maintains that in English , the copula ‘ is ’ — as in ‘ a is F ’ — is ambiguous ; it can be read as ascribing either property exemplification or property encoding .
When we say ‘ Sherlock Holmes is a detective ’ , we are saying that Holmes encodes the property of being a detective ; and when we say ‘ Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character ’ , we are saying that Holmes exemplifies the property of being a fictional character .
( It should be noted that Zalta employs the device of encoding with respect to all abstract objects — mathematical objects , logical objects , and so on — not just fictional objects .
Also , Zalta points out that his theory of encoding is based on a similar theory developed by Ernst Mally ( 1912 ) . )
Those who endorse a platonistic view of fictional objects maintain that there is no good paraphrase of sentences like ( G ) , but one might question this .
For instance , one might maintain that ( G ) can be paraphrased by a sentence like this :
‘ Sherlock Holmes is a detective ’ is true - in - the - Holmes - stories .
If we read ( G ) in this way , then it is not about Sherlock Holmes at all ; rather , it is about the Sherlock Holmes stories .
Thus , in order to believe ( G ) , so interpreted , one would have to believe in the existence of these stories .
Now , one might try to take an anti-platonistic view of the nature of stories , but there are problems with such views , and so we might end up with a platonistic view here anyway — a view that takes sentences like ( G ) to be about stories and stories to be abstract objects of some sort , e.g. , ordered sets of propositions . [ 14 ]
Which of these platonistic views is superior can be settled by determining which ( if either ) captures the correct interpretation of sentences like ( G ) — i.e. , by determining whether ordinary people who utter sentences like ( G ) are best interpreted as talking about stories or fictional characters .
It should be noted that some people who take fictional characters to be abstract objects ( e.g. , Thomasson 1999 ) would actually agree with the idea that ( G ) should be read in the above way — i.e. , as a claim about the Sherlock Holmes stories and not about Sherlock Holmes himself .
Thomasson ’s main argument for believing in fictional characters is based not on sentences like ( G ) but rather on sentences like the following :
( H) Some 19th century heroines are better developed than any 18th century heroines .
It ’s hard to see how to paraphrase this as being about a story , or even a bunch of stories .
But , of course , one could still endorse a fictionalist ( i.e. , an error - theoretic ) view of sentences like ( H ) .
In other words , one could admit that ( H ) is a claim about fictional characters and then one could claim that since there are no such things as fictional characters , ( H ) is simply not true , although of course it might be true - in - the - story - of - fictional - characters , where this just means that it would have been true if there had been a realm of fictional characters of the sort that platonists believe in .
( Brock ( 2002 ) endorses a fictionalist view of fictional characters that 's similar in spirit to the view alluded to here . )
Over the years , anti-platonist philosophers have presented a number of arguments against platonism .
One of these arguments stands out as the strongest , namely , the epistemological argument .
This argument goes all the way back to Plato , but it has received renewed interest since 1973 , when Paul Benacerraf presented a version of the argument .
Most of the work on this problem has taken place in the philosophy of mathematics , in connection with the platonistic view of mathematical objects like numbers .
We will therefore discuss the argument in this context , but all of the issues and arguments can be reproduced in connection with other kinds of abstract objects .
The argument can be put in the following way :
Human beings exist entirely within spacetime .
If there exist any abstract mathematical objects , then they do not exist in spacetime .
Therefore , it seems very plausible that :
If there exist any abstract mathematical objects , then human beings could not attain knowledge of them .
Therefore ,
If mathematical platonism is correct , then human beings could not attain mathematical knowledge .
Hum
I do n't know what more can be said about the problematic Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The very same individual who has protected Wall Street , the Big Banks and AIG .
It is these decisions that have the American Public currently red hot about tax payer money being used to save these industries , which put us in the bind we are in .
And the big banks ?
The very ones who used our money at 1 % interest , invested it , made a bundle , paid the government back and still are not lending to move this economy .
Again , when are we going to see some asses flying from posts under the Obama Administration .
This is a valid question , because this is all about changing Washington and not remaining the same , right ?
An arm of the Federal Reserve , then led by now - Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , told bailed - out insurance giant AIG to withhold key details from the public about overpayments that put billions of extra tax dollars in the coffers of major Wall Street firms , most notably Goldman Sachs .
The sordid tale unfolds in a series of e-mails between the company and the New York Fed obtained by Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) , the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , and first publicly disclosed by Bloomberg News .
The matter is the subject of an " ongoing review " by the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( SIGTARP ) , communications director Kristine Belisle said in an e-mail to the Huffington Post .
SIGTARP is headed by Neil M. Barofsky , a former federal prosecutor .
Taxpayers have committed about $ 182 billion to AIG .
The under - regulated firm developed and sold complicated derivatives products without having adequate capital in place if those bets went bad , which they eventually did .
The firm nearly single - handedly wrecked the entire financial system .
After the firm was given a taxpayer - funded backstop , one of its most controversial acts was to repay banks at 100 cents on the dollar for what was by that point nearly worthless insurance the banks had bought from AIG , known as credit - default swaps .
A brutal report issued in November by a government watchdog disclosed that AIG had actually been trying to negotiate better terms with the banks until - guess what ?
-- the New York Fed stepped in .
The report held Geithner personally responsible , and led to renewed questions about his fitness for the job .
read more here ...
Geithner , for me was too close for comfort with his direct involvement of AIG and Wall Street .
This disclosure to the public does not wear well on him nor the Obama Administration .
Again , when is this man 's resignation going to be on the President 's desk ?
Deaf children are having to resort to watching DVDs and reading dictionaries to learn sign language after the Government axed funding for teaching positions .
Four deaf teachers , who taught New Zealand Sign Language and deaf culture to more than 260 deaf children , were made redundant at the end of the last year when the Government cut funding .
Without classes to teach children how to sign , parents are angry and worried about how to help their deaf children .
Manawatu mothers Charmaine Strickland and Michelle Lyons - Papuni both have deaf sons who use both verbal and New Zealand Sign Language to communicate .
" They 're bilingual in language and in culture ... they fit into two worlds , the hearing and the deaf , " Mrs Strickland said .
" Are we , as parents , meant to sit our children in front of a DVD and hope they learn the language and culture and are we , as parents , left to access night classes , where available , at a cost of $ 150 per course to teach our children New Zealand Sign Language ? "
Jackie Davidson , of Feilding , had one of the deaf teacher positions , covering territory from Taranaki to Paraparaumu .
" I 'm quite emotional about it [ losing her job ] .
Within websites you can access sign language , but it 's not real and it's very different from communicating with a real person , " Mrs Davidson said .
She said if her position is not reinstated she will have to look for an alternative career .
" I may have to become a caregiver in a rest home .
I would like to continue working with deaf children , I really love it , so I hope all the parents of deaf children march on Parliament to advocate for this . "
Van Asch Education
Centre previously provided the funding for the teaching positions , also known as deaf resources personnel , from 2002 to June 2008 .
The Government filled the gap until now when the centre 's funds dried up .
With a push from Mrs Strickland and Mrs Lyons - Papuni , Rangitikei MP Simon Power was able to secure interim funding from the Ministry of Education for 18 months , but on December 15 the funding stopped .
Minister of Disability Issues Heather Roy said it would be " inequitable " for the Government to fund only one of New Zealand 's two sign language teaching providers .
The other service is Kelston Deaf Education Centre in Auckland .
" The Ministry continues to work with both Deaf Education Centres on a range of issues to improve education for deaf and hearing impaired children and students , " Mrs Roy said .
Labour Disability Issues spokeswoman Lynne Pillay said the cuts were shortsighted .
" The funding cuts are consistent with what 's happening across the board , like with the adult and community education funding ... the fate of New Zealand Sign Language should n't be at stake .
" It 's a devastation to us [ Labour 's Disability Issues department ] and I can't imagine what it 's like for the families and the deaf children , " Ms Pillay said .
She said all they could do was keep pushing and hold the Government to account .
Moving to Christchurch , where there is still a deaf resource teacher working for the Van Asch centre , is a possibility for Mrs Lyons - Papuni and her son .
" You do what you have to for your kids .
It 's not really a viable option , workwise and financially , but if we do n't stand up for our kids , who will ? "
Ok everyone , this is how it 's going to go down -
We 'll coincide the release of Stand By Me 2 : Walk Near You - The Prequel , with Office 2010 : The Commercial ( starring Jerry Seinfeld & Bill Gates ) , and then follow up later this year with the sequel to 2012 , 2013 .
Jared will help get us some government writeoffs , and the rest of you just blog and write about how great they all are and hopefully these abominations will distract people from the stuff going on in the middle east , again .
I call it " Wag The Dog Part Deux : Doggystyle "
In the 1880s , during the late Tokugawa Era in Japan that coincided with the Occidental Victorian period , photographer Adolfo Farsari documented the cultural costumes of a world that had theretofore only existed in the wildest imagination of Europeans .
Quazen has posted a host of Farsari ’s images — commercial prints hand - tinted with dyes — taken from a Flickr set comprising 47 photos taken circa 1886 .
The internet , it ’s a magical thing .
Step into our time machine after the jump .
“ He began his career as a military man and served for a while in the Union Army in the American Civil War .
Perhaps this image of Japanese warriors reflected his interest in the military but they are certainly resplendent in their heavy looking armor . ”
“ Something of a libertarian , Farsari had joined the Civil War as he was a fervent abolitionist and his photographs reflect his ideas of equality — women are portrayed as often as men and not in subservient positions . ”
“ His compositions were designed to be sold mostly to foreign visitors to Japan .
His landscapes often picture what we might call a slightly enhanced version — even romanticized — of Japan but were very highly regarded at the time . ”
“ A street scene from the late 1880s .
It can not be understated just how difficult it would have been to capture this scene at the time …
As a piece of social history this photograph is invaluable . ”
[ Via Quazen , who tells the complete , fascinating history of Farsari ’s work in Japan . ]
It all happened very quickly .
My friend Jimmy IMed me and asked what we were up to , we said nada , decided to all go to a movie but first , I invited him over for dinner .
“ It wo n’t be fancy , ” I warned .
“ Probably just some pasta . ”
( I had penne in the cabinet and cauliflower in the refrigerator , so I knew I could make this recipe , minus the broccoli . )
But after the plan was set , my hosting gene kicked in and I felt the need to also make a dessert and an appetizer .
The dessert ?
I ’ll tell you about that later .
But the appetizer came together in no time , and it had everything to do with having three ingredients on hand : spicy mustard , a box of Triscuits and a can of sardines .
Now if you ’re squeamish about sardines from a can , I thought I was right there with you .
I always think of “ Pee - Wee ’s Big Adventure , ” that scene where he ’s in the train car with a hobo and the hobo offers him a sardine .
It ’s meant to be gross , is n’t it ?
I ’ve had high - end sardines at fancy restaurants , where the sardines are not from a can but fresh sardines grilled right there in the kitchen .
But sardines from a can ?
No thank you , I ’d rather not .
That is until last week , at the grocery store , I saw sardines on the shelf and I thought to myself : “ These might be good to have around , would n’t they ?
Does n’t Gabrielle Hamilton , the chef at Prune ( one of my favorite restaurants in New York ) serve Triscuits , Mustard and Sardines as a bar snack ?
I think she does ! ”
So I bought them .
And I bought a box of Triscuits .
( I already had the mustard . )
And sure enough , with Jimmy coming over in just a few minutes , I now had the ingredients for a quick , unusual appetizer .
As for a recipe , do you really need one ?
I think it ’s kind of self - explanatory :
The sardines were n’t fancy sardines , but I bet if you went to a fancy store you could get fancy sardines .
The mustard was Roland French mustard , which I highly recommend .
And the Triscuits ?
Were , well , Triscuits .
Once assembled , I tasted one and a smile quickly alighted on my face .
“ These are good ! ” I said to no one in particular .
And they were .
Once out of the can , you ’d never know the sardines were sardines .
Their texture reminded me more of crab than any fish , and with the mustard and the Triscuit they make a cheap , delectable snack that pairs great with wine .
When Jimmy came , I warned him : “ You may be a little squeamish when I tell you what these are , ” I said , probably unnecessarily , as I offered him the plate .
“ It ’s not offal , is it ? ” he asked .
“ Nope ! ” I assured him .
“ It ’s sardines , Triscuits and mustard . ”
“ Oh , that ’s fine , ” he said , popping one into his mouth .
“ These are good ! ”
Craig thought so too .
And they were a cinch to make .
And did I mention cheap ?
So next time you ’re at the store , and you walk past the sardines with your nose in the air , do n’t be such a snob .
Buy a can , buy a box of Triscuits and some mustard .
When you get home , put them away .
Maybe you ’ll never touch them .
But more likely , you ’ll break ’em out one day , grateful that you had them on hand and surprised , when you taste them together , how good they are .
EUGENE , Ore. -- Oregon coach Chip Kelly announced Sunday he had dismissed Jamere Holland from the team , hinting it was because of the wide receiver 's expletive - filled post on the player 's Facebook page .
Kelly said in a statement released by the school that Holland was dismissed for violating team rules , but did n't elaborate .
Asked by The Oregonian if the violation was related to Holland 's Facebook post on Saturday , the coach said : " I wo n't get into the specifics , but you 're smart enough to figure it out . "
Holland updated his Facebook status after linebacker Kristian Kiko Alonso was arrested early Saturday on suspicion of driving under the influence of intoxicants .
Alonso is the fourth Oregon player to be arrested in the past month .
In his post , Holland mistakenly concluded Alonso had been kicked off the team and blasted the move as unfair and damaging to the Ducks .
Holland wrote in a later post : " I wish I could block whites as friends and only have blacks LOL , cause apparently I 'm misunderstood . "
School spokesman Dave Williford said Alonso remains on the team , " contrary to Internet reports , rumors and Jamere Holland . "
Athletic director Mike Bellotti , who was the football coach when Holland transferred to Oregon from Southern California after the 2006 season , told The Oregonian for a story posted on the newspaper 's Web site Sunday that he was frustrated with Holland .
" We 've given this guy so many chances , " Bellotti said while attending Oregon 's stunts and gymnastics meet .
" We 've had many sit - down , very serious talks . "
Holland had 17 catches for 252 yards and two touchdowns in two years with Oregon , which went 10 - 3 last season and lost to Ohio State in the Rose Bowl .
Alonso was the Ducks ' primary backup at middle linebacker and one of the top special teams performers last season .
The Associated Press sent an e-mail seeking comment to Alonso , who was stopped less than a day after Kelly held a news conference to talk about other off - field problems by his players .
Star running back LaMichael James , 20 , was arrested last week after his girlfriend told police he choked her and threw her to the ground during an argument .
James pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges of fourth - degree assault , physical harassment and strangulation .
Eugene police said last week that kicker Rob Beard had been cited with investigation of misdemeanor assault in a Jan. 24 street fight that left him seriously injured .
Police also cited defensive end Matt Simms for investigation of misdemeanor assault in that brawl .
Simms was dismissed from the team , while another kicker allegedly involved in the incident , Mike Bowlin , left the team last week .
Simms and Beard have pleaded not guilty .
Ben Bernanke ’s confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking Committee for his reappointment as Fed chairman is scheduled for this Thursday .
When CEOs preside over disasters , they are fired .
Captains go down with their ships .
And Bernanke needs to be replaced .
He was a major architect of the policies that created the crisis .
He ignored signs of the severity of the developing crisis and failed to prepare for obvious dangers , like the collapse of an investment bank .
He has turned the Fed into an off - balance sheet funding vehicle of the Treasury to circumvent constitutionally - mandated budgetary procedures .
He has fought all efforts to examine the central bank ’s conduct in the rescue operation .
Before , during , and after the crisis , he has put the interests of banks ahead of those of ordinary citizens .
He needs to go .
Tell your Senator that this vote matters to you and he needs to vote no on Bernanke .
Enlist the support of like - minded colleagues and friends to deliver the same message .
Keep it simple and to the point .
Bernanke has failed at his job .
The US public deserves and needs better .
Please sign
http://StopBailoutBen.com/
Be certain to concentrate your calls and e-mail messages on the members of the Senate Banking Committee , who are :
Christopher J. Dodd Chairman ( D - CT )
Tim Johnson ( D - SD )
Jack Reed ( D - RI )
Charles E. Schumer ( D - NY )
Evan Bayh ( D - IN )
Robert Menendez ( D - NJ )
Daniel K. Akaka ( D - HI )
Sherrod Brown ( D - OH )
Jon Tester ( D - MT )
Herb Kohl ( D - WI )
Mark Warner ( D - VA )
Jeff Merkley ( D - OR )
Michael Bennet ( D - CO )
Richard C. Shelby Ranking Member ( R - AL )
Robert F. Bennett ( R - UT )
Jim Bunning ( R - KY )
Mike Crapo ( R - ID )
Bob Corker ( R - TN )
Jim DeMint ( R - SC )
David Vitter ( R - LA )
Mike Johanns ( R -NE )
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX )
Judd Gregg ( R - NH )
As more time passes between graduation and the present I realize how good school was to me .
When it came to training opportunities I usually happened to be in the right place at the right time .
Whether that was due to luck , solid professors or even by dint of the Psychology Gods smiling upon my naïve , albeit incredibly good - looking face I got to see and experience a lot in a relatively short period of time .
In fact by the time I had my degree in hand there were few clinical populations or diagnoses that I had n’t worked with firsthand .
Compare that with my “ real doctor ” colleagues who had obtained their M.D. ’s yet had n’t even seen a spear through a patient ’s head or a gall bladder on their office floor netflix app auf laptop herunterladen .
How lame is that ?
When it comes to the human condition you do n’t learn all that much from textbooks .
You learn by doing .
You get into the room with the person and you interact .
While you try to remember what the books and the professors said and you memorize the jargon , the real learning is by trial and error .
Sometimes the training opportunities present themselves before a you have had any book knowledge whatsoever .
For me this occurred when I facilitated a support group for the spouses / significant others of sexual offenders , a group comprised entirely of women .
“ Support groups ” generally differ from “ therapy groups ” in the sense that they often do n’t have a specific outline for each session , the members of the group tend to have varying levels of participation and attendance , and that their purpose is exactly what it sounds like : to simply provide support to the members who are dealing with a particular issue phototan deutsche bank app herunterladen .
Sometimes they are facilitated by non-professionals .
Therapy groups , by contrast , are theoretically designed to treat a particular psychological problem .
They are run by professionals and usually have an overarching objective or goal for the participants .
The Significant Others of Sexual Offenders Group was unique in the sense that enrollment in the group was required .
If you wanted your partner to be treated for his sexual offending , you needed to be a part of the group .
If you were not there during the regular meeting times , your man was kicked out of treatment , plain and simple itunes auf windows pc herunterladen .
This requirement was based on certain theoretical principles :
1 ) Sexual offenders suffer from a psychological disorder that can , in some cases , be treated via a comprehensive program .
2 ) The process of becoming an offender involves experiencing various psychological problems such as low self - esteem , depression , anxiety , and substance abuse .
The process includes certain behavioral problems in addition to the offending , especially lying to both oneself and others .
3 ) Without complete disclosure of the offender ’s thoughts , feelings , actions , and history of his psychological growth , both sexually and non-sexually , rehabilitation is not possible herunterladen .
This disclosure needed to be done in the presence of the treatment team , other offenders in the treatment group , and the offender ’s significant other .
4 ) Without an adequate support system to help the offender deal with the purging of the innumerable lies and egregious actions , rehabilitation is not possible .
5 ) Unless the significant other was involved in the offending itself the complete understanding of offending behaviors and their consequences are simply overwhelming and cannot be tolerated on one ’s own herunterladen .
Support is required for the significant others to deal with numerous emotions that come with sex offender treatment , so that the significant other can be a useful resource for the treatment .
This benefits both the offender and the community who is considered at risk for future violation .
The philosophy behind these principles is that finding out that your significant other is a sex offender is incredibly difficult to deal with and it is unlikely that either of you will successfully cope with it alone .
If you ca n’t keep it together , there ’s no way your partner will , which puts the community at risk due to the increased likelihood of recidivism on his part youtube musikvideos herunterladen .
The group took place at a local community mental health center where I was completing a one - year externship program .
Some externships allowed you to pick and choose what type of work you do throughout the year .
This one did n’t and my leadership of the group was mandatory .
The supervisor for my work was a psychologically strong , confident and intimidating woman who pulled no punches and gave it to me straight .
She believed that every student should take on novel and challenging populations because a good Psychologist has “ experienced the world . ”
“ Like it or not , Rob , sex offending is a part of real life herunterladen .
Do n’t hide from the world , experience it . ”
At our first meeting together my supervisor broke down the possible dynamics involved in the support group .
“ Very few women are pleased , especially at the onset , to be ‘ going to fucking therapy ’ every week for a disorder that they do not have .
Many of the women – and much of society in general – do not even see the offenders as “ ill , ” at least not in the way one might view someone with Schizophrenia youtube videos online for free .
They are incorrect but that is their belief .
A male group leader , in this case you , will likely receive very strong transference reactions from the women who will see the facilitator - again , you – as an easy target for the gamut of negative feelings toward men that they understandably are experiencing .
In other words prepare yourself to be a punching bag for a lot of rage . ”
“ I really do n’t think I ’m qualified … ”
Dismissing me with a brief wave of her hand she continued .
“ You have to strike a balance between empathizing with their feelings of anger , betrayal , and embarrassment they have with a confident knowledge of the nature of sexual offending and its underpinnings as an illness that impacts not only the offender and victim but also the community at large youtube treiber kostenlos downloaden .
Can you do that ? ”
“ Actually I ’m pretty sure I can not do that .
I ’m not even sure what you are talking about . ”
“ Hold old are you Rob ? ”
“ I ’ll be twenty - six very soon . ”
“ How soon ? ”
“ Ten months . ”
“ And how much experience do you have with sexual offenders ? ”
“ About as long as this conversation . ”
“ Alright then .
You look like you ’re about 8 and have virtually nothing to offer in terms of life experience or knowledge to these women who are victims in their own right .
As your supervisor I will guide you along as best as I can but I do n’t have the time to watch you moment to moment like they do at the university clinic .
You ’re going to need to do a lot of this on your own . ”
I ’m sure I looked panic - stricken and in need of deep breathing exercises or wine or scotch or an illicit substance so she took my hand and her firm , clinical and almost cyborg - type voice softened somewhat .
“ Rob , you ’ll do this and will someday thank me for my tough love .
Remember , no matter how many books on support groups or Frotteurism you read , you need the growing pains of practicing as a professional . ”
“ What ’s Frotteurism ? ”
“ It usually involves sexually touching and rubbing against nonconsensual partners . ”
“ Who does that ? ? ”
“ Some of your clients ’ husbands so get comfortable with it .
I will tell you this again and again until it sticks : do n’t hide from what ’s different and scary . ”
I left that meeting confused and nervous with a lot of questions and hardly any answers .
I had n’t chosen to run the group and did n’t see what an amazing challenge and growth opportunity it was .
All I envisioned at the time were angry women who would see me as a possible enemy because of my gender .
I did n’t know what to think about them .
I ’m sure many of them had children and did n’t want to break up their families .
Others were probably scared to be alone .
Some probably truly loved their husbands and wanted to help them .
In all likelihood most of the women were a combination of all of those types and did n’t know what the hell to do about this issue .
That I could completely understand and I suddenly felt sorry for them for being in such a horrible place .
If I can just remember this feeling I ’ll be in a better position to help them .
Unfortunately the feeling did n’t last and anxiety returned .
I had the responsibility of helping a group of people with a problem I knew nothing about and who in all likelihood did n’t even want to be there .
On my own .
With my 8 year - old face .
Maybe I would get lucky and they would simply pity me for being a neophyte .
Doubtful .
On the night before the first group my final thought before falling asleep was “ Set the bar low .
If they do n’t castrate you consider the first session a success . ”
( Visited 1,618 times , 1 visits today )
CANNABIS CULTURE –
The severe new drug bill that would have brought mandatory minimum sentences for marijuana crimes to Canada , Bill C - 15 , has died as a result of the Harper government ’s decision to prorogue Parliament .
On Wednesday , Prime Minister Stephen Harper shut down the Canadian government for two months , effectively scuttling all bills before the current Parliament , including Bill C - 15 .
Though the Conservative Party is calling it “ routine ” , critics see the Prime Minister ’s decision to prorogue Parliament until after the Winter Olympics as an affront to democracy and a “ scam ” – a politically shrewd move to avoid criticism and inquiry into Canada ’s role in the torture of prisoners in Afghanistan .
It may be underhanded , but the move is a relief for Canadian cannabis activists and pot users who have been fighting to stop Bill C - 15 from becoming law .
“ It is a delay , ” says policy director of the Beyond Prohibition Foundation , Jacob Hunter .
“ It gives us more time to organize into an even more effective political force to stop this in the Parliament . ”
The bill , which includes draconian new measures including mandatory minimums of nine months for growing even one cannabis plant , had already been approved by the House of Commons .
In the Senate , the bill met some opposition and minor amendments were made and passed .
The bill was due for another House vote before it became Canadian law .
Though Bill C - 15 is dead for now , it is expected that Conservatives will reintroduce a similar bill in the new year .
CBC
News republished an email sent by the government to Conservative supporters claiming that the bill will be reintroduced soon , when the Conservatives will have more power in the Senate :
We will reintroduce in their original form the consumer safety law ( Bill C - 6 ) and the anti-drug - crime law ( Bill C - 15 ) that the Ignatieff Liberals gutted .
We will seek Opposition agreement to proceed expeditiously with other Government legislation — particularly laws urgently needed to fight crime — that the Ignatieff Liberals have blocked and obstructed .
The fight continues .
Visit Cannabis Culture for more updates on Bill C - 15 and its future incarnations .
Register on WhyProhibition .ca to find out about the latest anti-drug - bill campaigns and repost those campaigns to forums and social networks .
You can also contact your MP and tell them to vote on any future “ tough - on - crime ” bills from the Conservatives .
Watch on YouTube
First Transgender Presidential Appointee Fears Being Labeled ' Token '
Some see political rationale for appointment of Amanda Simpson to Commerce Dept .
Jan. 5 , 2010  --
For Amanda Simpson , believed to be America 's first openly transgender presidential appointee , the job she starts Tuesday in the U.S. Commerce Department is an honor and the culmination of a career dedicated to understanding military technology .
But what gnaws at her , she says , is the fear of being labeled a token who was hired because of her sexual identity rather than on her merits .
" Being the first sucks , " she told ABC News.com .
" I 'd rather not be the first but someone has to be first , or among the first .
I think I 'm experienced and very well qualified to deal with anything that might show up because I 've broken barriers at lots of other places and I always win people over with who I am and what I can do . "
Simpson has been named senior technical adviser in the Commerce Department 's Bureau of Industry and Security , a job in which she will monitor the exports of U.S. weapons technology .
She has 30 years in the industry but can't escape the feeling that some will see her appointment as a political maneuver .
" [ There will be ] questions like : Is this a token ?
Are you here to do a job or just to fill a quota or appease other people ?
In that regard it makes it a bit more difficult , " she said .
" I 'm sure I will have to do and intend to do a far superior job than any other person .
But I 'm sure I will always be second guessed . "
President Obama has walked a fine line when dealing with members of the gay and transgender community .
He was widely supported by gay voters in 2008 , but has since come under criticism from many of those same proponents for not acting fast or hard enough to expand their rights , in their view .
Obama opposes gay marriage and has made only vague commitments to ending the military 's ban on openly gay service members , aka " do n't ask , do n't tell . "
" The Human Rights Campaign believes this appointment represents meaningful progress for the LGBT community , in particular , transgender Americans who have faced significant and well documented discrimination in the workplace .
As the first transgender person appointed by the president , Amanda is not only eminently qualified for her new position in the Department of Commerce , but she is also a trailblazer for equality , " spokesman Trevor Thompson said in a statement .
Obama 's appointment of Simpson is being hailed by groups such as the Human Rights Campaign -- which endorsed Obama but condemned his support of the Defense of Marriage Act while other gay rights groups are taking a more measured approach .
Though careful to say Simpson 's appointment was not merely a bone thrown to the gay and transgender community , Mara Keisling , executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality , said the administration needed to do more to protect the rights of transgender people .
" There is certainly not enough being done by either the administration or Congress , " said Keisling .
" It is frustrating as hell things work as they work , and more needs to get done .
" This was not an appointment because they have to fill a transgender spot .
This is a real serious technical policy position and the job matches her resume .
Her being transgender had nothing to do with getting that job , " said Keisling .
Simpson sat on the NCTE board of directors for three years .
Though transgender advocates believe Simpson 's gender identity had no role in her hiring , conservative groups claim it was a political move .
" Simpson 's nomination was forwarded through to President Obama by a gay activist group , making it appear that this appointment of a male - to - female ' transgender ' activist to a high level Commerce Department position to be payback to his far - left base for their political support , " Monica Schleicher , spokeswoman for Christian group Focus on the Family , said in statement .
" Efforts to promote ' transgenderism ' in public policy deconstruct one of the most fundamental concepts known to mankind .
It renders gender , the most basic organization of social systems , completely meaningless .
In doing so , activists like Simpson are asking the rest of society to radically reorder the ways in which the culture makes reasonable and rational accommodation for the two genders , " she said .
Simpson , divorced with a 15 - year - old son , began her transition from male to female in 2000 .
A former test pilot , Simpson worked in the aerospace and defense industries for 30 years , mostly at Raytheon Missile Systems in Tucson , Ariz .
She holds degrees in physics , engineering , and business .
Simpson told ABCNews.com that much of her work will involve " licensing and enforcement for exports " of military technology .
In 2004 , she was named by the YWCA as one of their " Women on the Move , " and in the same year , she won the Democratic nomination to the Arizona state House of Representatives .
She lost in the general election .
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 29175 Posts # 1
Sources Fomos via PGR21.com
The finals between Flash and Jaedong that are to be held on the 23rd is booked for the D Auditorium at MBC ( MBCGame 's mother company , a national TV station ) .
However , the players will not play in front of a live audience .
Instead they will be playing from a " Virtual Studio " separated from the crowd , who will be watching via a screen at the auditorium .
MBCGame says this is for the benefit of the players , so they will be able to fully concentrate on the game .
Also , some fancy shmancy production techniques will probably be used .
The other wrinkle is that the D Auditorium , probably reserved months ahead following some MSL finals with very poor showings , holds only one thousand people .
300 of these seats will be given to the team , friends , and families of the players , leaving 700 for the fans .
However , these 700 seats will be given to the player 's fan clubs only .
As of now , you can only apply for seats through the two players fan clubs .
* Note :
It is almost certain MBCGame booked their finals venue FAR before they had any hints at what the final card could be .
MBCGame is being silly here , but they 're certainly not stupid enough to intentionally hold Jaedong vs Flash at a 1 k venue .
As someone who has loved MBCGame forever , it pains me to see them fuck up so much lately .
Right on the heels of the Flash controversy which infuriated Korean fans greatly ( they were greatly insulted , compared to the foreign response ) , MBCGame has decided to mess with their finals as well .
Sources Daily E- Sports
The finals between Flash and Jaedong that are to be held on the 23rd is booked for the D Auditorium at MBC ( MBCGame 's mother company , a national TV station ) .
However , .
Instead they will be playing from a " Virtual Studio " separated from the crowd , who will be watching via a screen at the auditorium .
MBCGame says this is for the benefit of the players , so they will be able to fully concentrate on the game .
Also , some fancy shmancy production techniques will probably be used .
The other wrinkle is that the D Auditorium , probably reserved months ahead following some MSL finals with very poor showings , holds only one thousand people .
300 of these seats will be given to the team , friends , and families of the players , leaving 700 for the fans .
However , these 700 seats will be given to the As of now , you can only apply for seats through the two players fan clubs .
* Note :
It is almost certain MBCGame booked their finals venue FAR before they had any hints at what the final card could be .
MBCGame is being silly here , but they 're certainly not stupid enough to intentionally hold Jaedong vs Flash at a 1 k venue .
Administrator
Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint ?
emucxg Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Finland 3654 Posts Last Edited : 2010-01-20 13:15:37 # 2
I heard that the " Virtual Studio " is known of 3D - technology
DoX. ) Profile Joined December 2008 Singapore 6164 Posts # 3
Words cannot express my disappointment
okum Profile Blog Joined February 2009 France 5776 Posts # 4
Is it April already ?
Flash fan before it was cool | Coiner of " jangbang "
NguN Profile Joined August 2009 Australia 1314 Posts # 5 wtf ?
what 's the point of going to see them live then if they 're going to be in a seperated room ...
From a player point of view , awesome .
Less nerves if they do n't see the massive crowd , but is n't that what makes the finals awesome ?
StarBrift Profile Joined January 2008 Sweden 1720 Posts # 6 ....
What to say ?
I do n't think players will regret playing in front of a huge ammount of people even if it makes them more nervous .
The winner will be doubly pleased when he sees all the spectator .
The start of the decline of starcraft 1 this maybe ?
FaCE_1 Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Canada 5472 Posts # 7 wow , only 1000 seat vs OSL that had like 5000 or 7000 ?
and only to fan club ppl .. this plain suck .
I can understand the fact that they exclude both player away from the audience for the game but they should just take a dam stadium .
ITS FLASH VS JEADONG n_n
GTR Profile Blog Joined September 2004 48898 Posts # 8 / facepalm MBCgame Commentator Twitter : @GTR1H
Stream : http://www.twitch.tv/GTR1H
icystorage Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Jollibee 8018 Posts # 9 that pop-up was a very big deal eh? still this sucks ._. LiquidDota Staff
Are you ready for a Miracle -?
We are !
The International 2017 Champions !
pyrogenetix Profile Blog Joined March 2006 China 5090 Posts # 10 wtf is that shit Yea that looks just like Kang Min ... amazing game sense ... and uses mind games well , but has the micro of a washed up progamer .
PanoRaMa Profile Blog Joined June 2003 United States 5047 Posts # 11
Wow that is a royal fuck up .
It 's already hard to get that hyped up about seeing two dudes in a booth clicking a mouse you can't even see , but the community , the fans , who all still go watch the games still faithfully do this .
And yet they still want to separate it even more , the loyal fans , congrats you all get to congregate in a room and cheer at things on a tv screen ... exactly what you could 've just done at your own house .
GTR Profile Blog Joined September 2004 48898 Posts Last Edited : 2010-01-20 13:22:33 # 12 On January 20 2010 22:16 StarBrift wrote :
.... What to say ?
I do n't think players will regret playing in front of a huge ammount of people even if it makes them more nervous .
The winner will be doubly pleased when he sees all the spectator .
The start of the decline of starcraft 1 this maybe ?
no , just the increased idiocy of mbc .
while ogn seems to be on the rise once again picking up korean air as a sponsor for its next osl , mbc look like in deep shit with this move .
no , just the increased idiocy of mbc.while ogn seems to be on the rise once again picking up korean air as a sponsor for its next osl , mbc look like in deep shit with this move .
Commentator Twitter : @GTR1H
Stream : http://www.twitch.tv/GTR1H
KwarK Profile Blog Joined July 2006 United States 36676 Posts # 13
You 'll probably find they make a loss on the stadium but make $ on tv ads .
This is pretty damn lame though .
Moderator
The angels have the phone box
MrHoon Profile Blog Joined April 2008 9929 Posts Last Edited : 2010-01-20 13:23:56 # 14 oh my god I jsut finished translating everything and even wrote a huge damn introduction for this
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
anyways yeah this is gay
EDIT : damnit I was so pumped to attend this too
oh my effing god dats racist
MrHoon Profile Blog Joined April 2008 9929 Posts # 15
This could have been the final that brought a new and better era to the esports scene
This final could have been just the thing what the new age people needed
fuck man , I so wanted to go to this .
I even told NeverGG to help me get seats
just fuck .
dats racist
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 29175 Posts # 16 On January 20 2010 22:22 MrHoon wrote :
oh my god I jsut finished translating everything and even wrote a huge damn introduction for this
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
anyways yeah this is gay
EDIT : damnit I was so pumped to attend this too
oh my effing god
so add some commentary , pictures , analysis and make it a front page news story =o so add some commentary , pictures , analysis and make it a front page news story =o Administrator Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint ?
Flicky Profile Blog Joined December 2008 England 2273 Posts # 17
This is so ridiculous ... 700 fans can go ?
I was expecting 10,000 people to be queuing around the block to see this =/ Liquipedia " I was seriously looking for a black guy " - MrHoon
Scaramanga Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Australia 7910 Posts # 18 Fucking hell mbc are just terrible , just give your starleauge to gom , they 'll do a better job
Its good that players have to play in front of a massive crowd , its one more element to sc that makes it more awsome
And i like how team mates go and throw up the players after they win
MBC epic fail Loda talked about the fun counter , it 's AdmiralBulldog on his natures prophet
MrHoon Profile Blog Joined April 2008 9929 Posts # 19 On January 20 2010 22:27 Waxangel wrote :
Show nested quote +
On January 20 2010 22:22 MrHoon wrote :
oh my god I jsut finished translating everything and even wrote a huge damn introduction for this
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
anyways yeah this is gay
EDIT : damnit I was so pumped to attend this too
oh my effing god
so add some commentary , pictures , analysis and make it a front page news story =o so add some commentary , pictures , analysis and make it a front page news story =o
naw I like yours better , mine just sounds like a rant from an angsty 15 year old kids with statistics and opinions lol naw I like yours better , mine just sounds like a rant from an angsty 15 year old kids with statistics and opinions lol dats racist
We Are Here Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Australia 1739 Posts # 20 when we finally get a jaedong vs flash finals mbcgame happens ; good work mbcgame , ever wondered why it was hard to find a sponsor ?
fucking ridiculous
He who turns those around him into allies , possesses the most terrifying ability in the world .
1 2 3 4 5 17 18 19 Next All
Malcolm Wells , an iconoclastic architect who tirelessly advocated environmentally responsible design and who promoted the idea of earth - sheltered architecture  that is , buildings at least partly underground  died Nov. 27 in Brewster , Mass . , on Cape Cod .
He was 83 .
The cause was congestive heart failure , his son Sam said .
Over the last decade his father had suffered a series of strokes , he said .
Bearded , affable , self - deprecating and appalled by the destructive footprint that buildings , roads and parking lots can leave on the earth , Mr. Wells was dedicated to what he called gentle architecture , something that would , as he put it , “ leave the land no worse than you found it . ”
Writing in Architectural Digest in 1971 , he set forth 15 goals that he said all new buildings should strive to meet .
Among them were to use and store solar energy , to consume their own waste , to provide wildlife habitat and human habitat , and to be beautiful .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : North
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Despite my feminine appearance , I have a long history of having dated nerds / geeks .
Some of them played table top RPGs , some were programmers , most of them were socially awkward .
I am a nerd .
I have mad nerd pride .
I learn things for no good reason , think science is the coolest thing EVAR , sometimes snort when I laugh , and get the XKCD jokes .
Perhaps it was the black - framed glasses and my state of well - groomedness , but you had somehow mistaken me for a Reg .
And then you DISPARAGED MY PEOPLE .
This is unforgivable .
Nerds have long suffered at the hands of jocks and at the jabs of hipsters like yourself .
I do n't tolerate that shit .
Weighing in at around 145 pounds and spending your days flipping through vinyls and sketching in your Moleskin leads me to believe that I can totally take you in a fist fight .
Or simply mess up your faux hawk and send you packing on your fixed - gear , singing My Chemical Romance to yourself through the tears leaking out under your aviator sunglasses .
From that moment on , I refused to talk to you .
I stopped calling you by your name and , instead , began referring to you as " Toolbox .
" My roommate , who was desperate for attention , wanted to be friends with you .
She scoffed at my suggestion that you were only hanging around to get in her pants .
Her dating life has been not - so - great since we moved to Austin .
She either skipped , or was asleep during , the life lesson on humility .
That 's fine for dudes because she has big knockers , but women have been less receptive , and I suspect that it has something to do with all conversations being steered towards her .
As she is new to the whole " lesbian thing " I can forgive her for falling of the cootch wagon and sleeping with a guy or two along the trail .
But why , oh sweet Jesus why , did it have to be you ?
After that one time you did my lesbian roommate , you did n't come a callin ' .
I sometimes lie awake at night and speculate ...
Was it just for the thrill of the lesbian conquest ?
Cock beats all ?
Or was it because she did the pretty girl I 'm - going - to - lay - here - like - a - dead - fish - while - you - do - me thing ?
I accept that correlation does not necessarily indicate causation but I 'm highly suspicious of your intentions , sir .
Either way , she has instead chosen to blame me for your recent attendance record .
Even if that were the case , your fear of me was only powerful enough to keep you away after you dipped it in my vag gnoshing roommie .
Thank you for making domestic relations difficult .
This interaction has only reinforced the judgments I pass on people in skinny jeans .
" There are n't enough people in the paddock who are passionate about racing and it's filled with people who are concerned with posing in the paddock and going to bars at night so they can tell girls that they are in F1 .
They have n't done anything in their life and F1 gives them something that helps them feel better about themselves . "
-- Jacques Villeneuve - December , 2003 .
Commenting on his view of the F1 paddock .
GO TO LIVE INDEX ALL TIMES GMT
As it happened : Test day one
By Matt Beer
The live commentary has ended .
No further updates will be posted .
FASTEST TIMES P Driver Team Time 1 Rosberg Mercedes 1m20.927s 2 Buemi Toro Rosso 1m21.031s +0.104 3 Hulkenberg Williams 1m22.243s +1.316 4 Alonso Ferrari 1m22.895s +1.968 5 Kobayashi Sauber 1m23.287s +2.360 6 Button McLaren 1m24.947s +4.020 7 Liuzzi Force India 1m24.968s +4.041 8 Petrov Renault 1m25.440s +4.513 9 Webber Red Bull 1m26.502s +5.575 10 Glock Virgin 1m38.734s +17.807
All timing unofficial .
Updated : 18:26 GMT advertisement OVERVIEW CURRENT WEATHER Showers High Temp : 13 °C / 55 °F
Track : Wet INFOBOX Loading info ...
If your faith in today 's scientific establishment was shaken recently by successive waves of fraud on the part of climate scientists – from systematically suppressing evidence of global cooling , to attempting to erase the Middle Ages , to falsely claiming the Himalayan glaciers were rapidly melting – get ready for more scientific corruption , a lot more .
As Whistleblower reveals in its groundbreaking February issue – titled " HIJACKING SCIENCE " – global warming is just the tip of the science - fraud iceberg .
Politically and financially motivated pseudo - science is widespread and utterly out of control , extending far beyond climate research and into virtually every major scientific field .
Indeed , this Whistleblower issue is subtitled , " From global warming to evolution , from psychology to sociology , blatant corruption of science is running rampant . "
To give you a taste of " HIJACKING SCIENCE , " did you know :
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
* The world 's largest association of psychologists not only endorses same - sex marriage , but actually promoted adult - child sex as healthy in its peer - reviewed journal ?
* Doctors and researchers have for years studiously avoided acknowledging the documented link between abortion and breast cancer ?
* " Scientific " studies are now being generated that conclude gun ownership is a health hazard ?
* Thanks to psychiatry 's reliance on mood - altering drugs rather than enlightened counseling , between 20 and 30 million Americans today take powerful anti-depressants , and between 4 and 9 million children take dangerous psycho-stimulants like Ritalin ?
* Top academics admit evolution is " unproven and unprovable , " but say it 's the only alternative to believing in a Creator , which they find " unthinkable " ?
The centerpiece of " HIJACKING SCIENCE " is an in - depth exploration of what is causing much of the corruption in science today , written for Whistleblower by Ph.D. scientist Arthur Robinson , who co-founded the Linus Pauling Institute of Science and Medicine with Linus Pauling in 1973 .
" The corruption that is pervasively evident in science today is not resident in our true scientists , " Robinson writes .
" It is resident in people who pretend to be scientists – but are ' scientists ' in title only .
Many of these people have received university degrees in science , but they use these titles in a corrupt , nonscientific way . "
" Can we rely upon news reports that tell us the newly reported findings of American scientists ? " asks Robinson , currently head of the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine .
" No !
A very large group of pseudo - scientists is now present among our scientists , and it is they who seek and receive most of the publicity brought to us by our print and television media . "
RELATED : JUDGES GONE WILD !
So who 's the culprit that has corrupted America 's once - revered science establishment ?
You guessed it : Big government .
" HIJACKING SCIENCE " explains exactly how and why government has disastrously compromised and redirected science research , and how it continues unabated under the Obama administration .
Issue highlights include :
" What do scientists know ? " by Joseph Farah , on the difference between a scientific consensus and a political one
" History of climate gets ' erased ' online " by Chelsea Schilling , exposing the scientist who has altered more than 5,000 Wikipedia entries to hype the global - warming agenda
" Politicizing science " by Thomas Sowell , who warns that when government gets involved , " do not expect the disinterested search for truth "
" Science bulletin : ' Sun heats Earth ! ' " by Jerome R. Corsi , who profiles the Russian scientist whose research forecasts global cooling
" We 've been had ! " by Walter Williams , who says climatologists " fed us lies , engaged in scientific and academic fraud , committed criminal acts "
" How government corrupts science " by Art Robinson , in which the veteran scientific researcher exposes the pervasive and powerfully destructive consequences of federal " help "
" ' Gun ownership as disease ' reaches fever pitch " by Wayne LaPierre , who shows why a study claiming firearms possession increases people 's risk of death is " goofy "
" OSHA head ' could outlaw firearms in workplaces , parking lots across America ' " by Bob Unruh
" Why psychologist group embraces same - sex marriage " by David Kupelian , who asks why the American Psychological Association promoted adult - child sex as harmless in its peer - reviewed journal
" Clueless doctor syndrome " by David Kupelian , who explains why today 's psychiatrists and psychologists may be hazardous to your health
" Top scientist finally admits abortion - breast cancer link " by Jill Stanek , who reports that after seven years of denial , a National Cancer Institute honcho published the politically incorrect truth
" Obama science chief : Abortion can save planet " by Jerome R. Corsi , who documents how science czar John Holdren wrote a textbook saying forced sterilization may become necessary
" Want to save the planet ?
Ban babies "
" The latest ' amazing ' fossil find , " by Joseph Farah , who wonders why scientists claim their discovery that the octopus has n't evolved in 95 million years somehow proves evolution – instead of the opposite
" Politics rules bioscience , too " by Jack Cashill , who exposes blatant anti-religion bias at the Smithsonian
" Why academics embrace evolution " by Marylou Barry , who quotes top scientists and intellectuals admitting the truth : " I do not want to believe in God "
" The evolutionist 's comical dogma " by Alan Keyes , who asks why " dogmatic emotionalism " dominates the supposedly scientific inquiry into the origins of life
" On scientists and God " by David Kupelian
" This is what Whistleblower does best – covering an absolutely crucial topic that the establishment press would n't touch with a 100 - foot pole , " said David Kupelian , editor of Whistleblower and managing editor of WorldNetDaily .
" It 's truly enlightening , and will give readers a terrific understanding of what is crippling the engines of America 's progress and innovation – and what will restore them once again to world - class greatness . "
SPECIAL OFFER :
For a limited time , subscribe to Whistleblower , renew your subscription or give a gift subscription for one year and you 'll get $ 10 off ( pay $ 39.95 instead of the usual $ 49.95 ) , plus you 'll receive a FREE copy of the Emmy - winning DVD documentary , " A More Perfect Union : America Becomes a Nation . "
Watch how a handful of brilliant men , including James Madison , George Washington and Benjamin Franklin , lead a political battle to create a new form of government , one that establishes the standard of self - government to the world .
This is the first comprehensive recreation of the stirring and heated debates between America 's founders , during the sweltering summer of 1787 , leading to the drafting and adoption of the Constitution of the United States .
Filmed on location at Philadelphia 's Independence Hall , Williamsburg , Va. , and other historical sites , " A More Perfect Union " dramatically chronicles how America became a nation and those underlying principles that guard our freedoms today .
A $ 19.95 value , yours FREE as WND 's gift for subscribing to Whistleblower .
EVEN BETTER OFFER : Subscribe , renew or give a gift subscription for two years and you 'll get a $ 10 discount on the already reduced two - year rate ( $ 74.95 instead of the usual $ 84.95 ) , and you 'll receive two free gifts :
You 'll get the DVD documentary , " A More Perfect Union : America Becomes a Nation . "
Plus , you 'll get the book Glenn Beck has been raving about , " The 5,000 Year Leap " by W. Cleon Skousen .
The author explains in clear , concise terms all that came together to create a nation that literally accomplished a 5,000 - year leap in progress .
Skousen covers in detail what went into the design of the U.S. Constitution , highlighting the original sources for the principles that inspired the United States , and showing how the Founders developed these principles from the studies of Cicero , Locke , Montesquieu , and Adam Smith .
As " The 5,000 Year Leap " proves , it was because of the free enterprise system that America produced such astounding inventions and ideas , from jet propulsion to the doubling of life expectancy .
Within this narrative of success , Skousen weaves the story of America as a Christian nation , guided by divine providence and created for the liberty and rights of mankind .
" The 5000 Year Leap " gives the reader a greater understanding of the origins of the United States of America , the consequences of deviating from the principles on which it was founded , and all the characteristics that make this nation what it is today .
These special free book / DVD offers will end without notice and are good in the U.S. only .
SUBSCRIBE TO WHISTLEBLOWER .
RENEW YOUR WHISTLEBLOWER SUBSCRIPTION
GIVE A GIFT WHISTLEBLOWER SUBSCRIPTION
Readers may also order a single copy of " HIJACKING SCIENCE . "
NOTE : When shopping in WND 's online store you have the option of paying with either a credit card or a check .
If you wish to order by phone , call our toll - free order line at 1-800 - 4WND - COM ( 1-800-496-3266 ) .
Early last year , I worked on the redesign of a rather content - heavy website .
Design requirements were fairly light : the client asked us to keep the organization ’s existing logo and to improve the dense typography and increase legibility .
So , early on in the design process , we spent a sizable amount of time planning a well - defined grid for a library of content modules .
Article Continues Below
Over the past few years , this sort of thinking has become more common .
Thanks to the advocacy of Mark Boulton , Khoi Vinh , and others , we ’ve seen a resurgence of interest in the typographic grid , and how to use it on the web .
And frankly , the idea ’s been a smash hit : a million CSS frameworks have bloomed , with sundry tools to complement them , each built to make grid - based design even more accessible to the average designer .
And why not ?
After a few minutes of griddy thinking , the benefits become clear : designers gain a rational , structured framework for organizing content and users gain well - organized , legible sites .
However , our client had one last , heart - stopping requirement : the design had to be fluid and resize with the browser window .
Normally , this would cause me to rejoice both noisily and embarrassingly .
Fluid layouts are an undervalued commodity in web design .
They put control of our designs firmly in the hands of our users and their browsing habits .
They ’ve also utterly failed to seize the imagination of web designers .
Minimum screen resolution : a little white lie#section2
Instead of exploring the benefits of flexible web design , we rely on a little white lie : “ minimum screen resolution . ”
These three words contain a powerful magic , under the cover of which we churn out fixed - width layout after fixed - width layout , perhaps revisiting a design every few years to “ bump up ” the width once it ’s judged safe enough to do so .
“ Minimum screen resolution ” lets us design for a contrived subset of users who see our design as god and Photoshop intended .
These users always browse with a maximized 1024 — 768 window , and are never running , say , an OLPC laptop , or looking at the web with a monitor that ’s more than four years old .
If a user does n’t meet the requirements of “ minimum screen resolution , ” well , then , it ’s the scrollbar for them , is n’t it ?
Of course , when I was coding the site , I did n’t have the luxury of writing a diatribe on the evils of fixed - width design .
Instead , I was left with a sobering fact : while we ’d designed a rather complex grid to serve the client ’s content needs , the client — and by extension , the client ’s users — was asking for a fluid layout .
As almost all of the grid - based designs I could list off at that time were rigidly fixed - width , I was left with a prickly question : how do you create a fluid grid ?
As it turns out , it ’s simply a matter of context .
Do I really have to thank IE for this ?
#section3
Faced with an insurmountable problem , I did what I do best : avoid it altogether .
Temporarily putting aside the question of how to get a grid to behave in a non-fixed layout , I coded the stuff I knew : styles first for color and backgrounds , and then for setting the type .
You may already know about Internet Explorer ’s well - documented problem with resizing fonts set in pixels — or rather , its utter refusal to do so .
Set a paragraph in 16px Georgia , and no matter how much the user tries to increase or decrease the size of the text , it remains at 16 px in IE .
IE7 and onward do allow the user to scale the entire page , but simple resizing of px-based fonts is still largely verboten in Internet Explorer .
So to give our users the most flexibility , we standards - savvy designers have usually opted to sidestep the pixel entirely , and have taken to sizing type with relative units , be they keywords , percentages , or my personal favorite , ems .
If you ’ve ever worked with relative units such as the em , you know that it ’s all about context : in other words , the actual size of an element ’s em is computed relative to the font - size of its parent element .
For example , let ’s say we ’re working from the following design comp :
An example of some basic text sized using pixels .
Nothing fancy : some paragraphs set in 16px Helvetica , an unordered list that ’s been slightly downsized to 14px , and an h1 at the top in 24px Georgia .
Sexy , no ?
What ’s doubly sexy is that one simple rule allows us to get most of this in place :
body { font : normal 100 % Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; }
With a font - size of 100 % , all the elements in our page are sized relative to the browser ’s default type size , which in most cases is 16 px .
And thanks to the browser ’s default stylesheet , the h1 is big , bold , and beautiful — but still in Helvetica , and much too large .
So while it ’d be easy enough to slap on a font - family to fix the header ’s Helvetica problem , how do we size the text to 24 pixels ?
Or accurately reduce the size of that list ?
With ems , it ’s easily done .
We take the target value for each element ’s font - size in pixels and divide it by the font - size of its container ( that is , its context ) .
We ’re left with the desired font - size , expressed in relative , em - friendly terms .
Or to put it more succinctly :
target ÷ context = result
If we assume the body ’s default type size to be 16px , we can plug each desired font - size value into this formula .
So to properly match our header to the comp , we divide the target value ( 24 px ) by the font - size of its container ( 16 px ) :
24 ÷ 16 = 1.5
So the header is 1.5 times the default body size , or 1.5em , which we can plug directly into our stylesheet .
h1 { font - family : Georgia , serif ; font - size : 1.5em ; /* 24px / 16px = 1.5 em */ }
To size the list to the em-equivalent of 14px , we can use the same formula .
Assuming again that the body ’s font - size is roughly 16px , we simply divide that target by the context :
14 ÷ 16 = 0.875
And we ’re left with a value of 0.875em , which we can again drop into our CSS .
ul { font - size : 0.875em ; /* 14px / 16px = 0.875em */ }
With those two rules , our sample page is looking a lot closer to the comp , and will be practically pixel - perfect after some slight cleanup .
All with the help of our target ÷ context = result formula .
So after a few hours spent cleaning up relative type styling for our client , I realized I ’d stumbled upon the answer .
If we could treat font sizes not as pixels , but as proportions measured against their container , we could do the same with the different elements draped across our grid .
After all , it ’s not “ The Golden Pixel ” #section4
As before , let ’s start with a fairly unsexy straightforward layout :
Sure , our “ design ” is pretty modest .
But those simple styles are draped over a well - defined grid : namely , seven columns of 124px each , separated by 20 px - wide gutters , all of which totals up to a width of 988 px .
But hey , let ’s forget about those nasty pixels .
Proportions are the new black , right ?
Let ’s get fluid , baby .
To start , let ’s treat our comp like any other , fixed or fluid : before we start coding , let ’s look at the design , and assess the different content areas .
Thankfully , it ’s a pretty short inventory .
On the highest level , we ’ve got a title at the top , a content area that spreads across six columns , and some contextual information in the leftmost column .
From this diagram , we can flesh out some skeleton markup that keys into our content inventory , both structurally and semantically :
< div id =" page " > < h1 > The Ratio Revolution Will Not Be Televised </ h1 > < div class = " entry " > < h2 > Anyone else tired of Helvetica ?</h2 > < h3 class = " info " > A < a href= " # " >
Blog </a> Entry :</h3 > < div class=" content " > < div class = " main " >
< p >Main content goes here .
Lorem ipsum etc. , etc.</p> </div><!-- /end .content --> < div class = " meta " >
< p > Posted on etc. , etc.</p> </div><!-- /end .meta --> </div><!-- /end .main --> </div><!-- /end .entry --> </div><!--
/ end #page -->
And with some type rules applied , we ’ve got a respectable - looking starting point .
However , the #page container does n’t have any constraints on it , so our content will simply reflow to match the width of the browser window .
Let ’s try to rein in those long line lengths a bit :
# page { margin : 40 px auto ; padding : 0 1em ; max - width : 61.75em ; /* 988px / 16px = 61.75 em */ }
We ’ve used margins and padding to ventilate our design a bit , and establish a gutter between it and the window edges .
But in the last line of our rule , we ’re using a variant of our font - size formula to define the maximum width of our design .
By dividing the comp ’s width of 988 px by our base font - size of 16px , we can set a max - width in ems to approximate the pixel - based width from our mockup , which will prevent the page from exceeding our ideal of 988 px .
But since we ’ve used ems to set this upper limit , the max - width will scale up as the user increases her browser ’s text size — a nifty little trick that even works in older versions of Internet Explorer , if a small CSS patch is applied .
So with our design properly cordoned off , let ’s begin working on each element in our design inventory , beginning with the page ’s title .
In the comp , it spans five columns and their four gutters , with a total width of 700 px .
It ’s also removed from the left - hand edge of the page by one column / gutter pair , making for a nice 144 px offset .
And if we were working in a fixed - width design , our job would be pretty straightforward :
h1 { margin - left : 144 px ; width : 700 px ; }
Since we ’re working in a fluid context , though , fixed measurements do n’t quite cut it .
And as I was working on relative font sizing , that ’s when it hit me : every aspect of the grid — and the elements laid upon it — can be expressed as a proportion relative to its container .
In other words , as in our type resizing exercise , we ’re looking not just at the desired size of the element , but also at the relationship of that size to the element ’s container .
This will allow us to convert our design ’s pixel - based widths into percentages , and keep the proportions of our grid intact as it resizes .
In short , we ’ll have a fluid grid .
Everything old is new again#section5
So , how do we begin ?
target ÷ context = result
That ’s right : it ’s the return of our trusty type formula .
We can use the same proportional analysis to transform pixel - based column widths into percentage - based , flexible measurements .
So we ’re working from a target value of 700 px for the page ’s title — but it ’s contained within a designed width of 988 px .
Converting our pixel - based title to percentages .
As a result , we simply divide 700 px ( the target ) by 988px ( the context ) like so :
700 ÷ 988 = 0.7085
And there it is : 0.7085 translates into 70.85 % , a width we can drop directly into our stylesheet :
h1 { width : 70.85 % ; /* 700 px / 988px = 0.7085 */ }
Can we do the same with our target margin of 144 px ?
Oh , I do so love a leading question :
144 ÷ 988 = 0.14575
Once again , we can take that 0.14575 , or 14.575 % , and add that directly to our style rule as a value for the title ’s margin - left :
h1 { margin - left : 14.575 % ; /* 144px / 988px = 0.14575 */ width : 70.85 % ; /* 700 px / 988px = 0.7085 */ }
And voilà .
By measuring the title ’s margin and width in relation to its container , we ’ve successfully translated the ratios from our grid into CSS - friendly percentages .
The title ’s proportions will always remain intact , even as it reflows to fit the size of the browser window .
We can even perform the same simple division to wrap up the layout for the entry itself , sized at 844 px in our comp , with some 124 px - wide marginalia to the left of it .
For the entry :
844 ÷ 988 = 0.85425
And for the informational column :
124 ÷ 988 = 0.12551
These two quick divisions net us some percentages that we can drop into our stylesheet , fleshing out our layout even more :
. entry h2 , .entry .content { float : right ; width : 85.425 % ; /* 844px / 988px = 0.85425 */ }.entry .info { float : left ; width : 12.551 % ; /* 124px / 988px = 0.12551 */ }
And with that , our fluid grid shapes up a bit further .
Changing the context#section6
So far we ’ve got the big content areas sorted , but we ’ve yet to touch the inner area .
Currently , the blog entry ’s main copy and its contextual info occupy the full width of the entry , and are stacked on top of each other .
But in our initial comp , the main copy inside the blog entry only spanned five columns , with the ancillary info slotted neatly into the rightmost column .
Sharp readers will have noticed that , as it ’s currently designed , the entry ’s body is the same width as the page ’s title ( 700 px ) , and the marginalia is the same width as the leftmost column we styled earlier ( 124 px ) .
So while we ’re working with some dimensions we ’ve previously calculated , we ca n’t reuse the same formulas : the context has changed .
Since we ’re working inside a new container , we need to use its width as our context .
Whereas before we were calculating percentages relative to the 988 px - wide #page , we ’re currently working within .entry .content , which is noticeably smaller .
So as a result , we need to redefine our context , and work off the designed width of .entry . content as our reference point .
So to define the percentage - based width of the main copy , we take its designed width of 700 px , and divide it by 844px :
700 ÷ 844 = 0.82938
And for our 124 px - wide column on the right , we can use the same reference point :
124 ÷ 844 = 0.14692
We can now take each of these measurements , and plug them into our CSS :
. entry .main { float : left ; width : 82.938 % ; /* 700 px / 844px = 0.82938 */ }.entry .meta { float : right ; width : 14.692 % ; /* 124px / 844px = 0.14692 */ }
And with that we ’ve finished our work , our fluid grid complete .
A note on rounding #section7
As you may guess from the lack of CSS patches above , I ’ve had very few cross - browser issues with this technique .
I would highly recommend John Resig ’s excellent article on Sub - Pixel Problems in CSS .
It explains how different browsers handle percentage - based widths , and the mechanics by which they reconcile sub - pixel measurements .
As John explains in his article , if modern browsers are presented with four 25 % - wide elements within a 50 px - wide container , they ca n’t actually render the elements at 12.5 px ; instead , most will round the columns down or up as best fits the layout .
Internet Explorer , as it happens , will simply round all of those sub - pixel values up , which breaks layouts .
If you ’re working with sufficiently generous margins in your grid , this should n’t be an issue .
But if IE causes undue wrapping with your percentage - based columns , reducing the target value by one pixel can help .
So if , for example , our left - hand marginalia was too wide for IE ( Internet Explorer ) , you might change your calculation from :
124 ÷ 988 = 0.12551
to a lower target of 123px :
123 ÷ 988 = 0.12449
Plug that width of 12.449 % into your IE - specific stylesheet , and your layout woes should clear right up .
A grid for all seasons #section8
The above is , of course , a starting point : there are myriad other challenges that face the liquid web designer , most of which arise when you introduce fixed content ( such as images , Flash , and so forth ) into a fluid framework .
I ’ve been experimenting with a few possible solutions on my blog , but other , better workarounds are still out there .
And finally , I do n’t pretend that design is easy , whether it ’s fixed or fluid .
But given all that we ’ve achieved over the past few years — moving past tables , evangelizing standards in our companies and in our shared industry , demanding better standards of our browsers and our peers — I do wish we ’d bend some of that ingenuity to break out of our reliance on “ minimum screen resolution . ”
After all , our users ’ browsing habits are n’t as fixed as our comps would suggest .
I hope the promise of fluid grids has fired your imagination , and I ’m excited to see how you improve on the technique .
Our users will be , too .
Additional reading #section9
As you may have gathered from my introductory crazed rant digression , two passions of mine are fluid web design and , more recently , the importance of a well - considered grid .
Both of these have been fueled by the following , though this is n’t an exhaustive list :
And finally , at the end of a talk I gave last August on designing for fluid grids , someone pointed out the Fluid 960 Grid System .
If you ’re using a public CSS framework such as 960 Grid System already , the fluid “ port ” might be of interest to you .
Privacy campaigners expressed shock last night after it emerged that large amounts of confidential personal information held about British citizens on a giant computer network spanning the European Union could be accessed by more than 500,000 terminals .
The figure was revealed in a Council of the European Union document examining proposals to establish a new agency , based in France , that would manage much of the 27 EU member states ' shared data .
But the sheer number of access points to the Schengen Information System ( SIS ) – which holds information regarding immigration status , arrest ­warrants , entries on the police national ­computer and a multitude of personal details – has triggered concerns about the security of the data .
Statewatch , a group that monitors civil liberties in Europe , said it was aware of a case in Belgium where personal information extracted from the system by an official was sold to an organised criminal gang .
" It is well known that the greater the points of access , the greater the number of people who have access and the greater the chance that data will be misplaced , lost or illegally accessed , " said Tony Bunyan , director of Statewatch .
" The idea that mass databases can be totally secure and that privacy can be guaranteed is a fallacy . "
The rapid expansion of the EU has played a significant part in increasing the size of the network .
In 2003 , there were 125,000 computer terminals across the EU with access to the system , according to official documents .
But following EU enlargement , the number of computer terminals with access to the system increased dramatically .
According to the Council of the European Union " Inter- institutional File " , " the SIS is built around a central database that is networked , via national systems , to more than half a million terminals located within the security services of the member states " .
The file goes on to explain that the system " currently contains more than 30 m alerts [ for wanted persons , stolen vehicles and stolen or lost identity papers and documents ] " .
While the SIS is credited by its supporters with helping to track wanted criminals and illegal immigrants , there are concerns that the personal data it holds could be invaluable for fraudsters .
Maynard James Keenan , 42 , is all about focus , passion and defying expectations .
For example , in 1983 Keenan was a member of the class that entered West Point , the academy that normally produces generals , politicians and CEOs ; Keenan became a rock star .
As lead singer , he 's made six albums with Tool and another three with A Perfect Circle .
Not simply content with the 6,000 - bottle wine collection stardom has earned him , Keenan is now making his own wine in Cornville , Ariz . , near his home .
He spoke with Wine Spectator just after he completed a 20 - week international tour to promote Tool 's latest album , 10,000 Days -- right as harvest was underway and just as his winery , Caduceus , was releasing its 2004 Cabernet Sauvignon - Syrah blend , Sensei .
Wine Spectator : How did you first get interested in wine ?
Maynard James Keenan : Being in an occupation that requires me to travel quite a bit , you 're just exposed to more cultural things than you would if you were growing up in the suburbs of Boise , Idaho .
When you 're drinking warm Coca - Cola and your accountants and managers and booking agents are walking around with these nice glasses with nice red juice in it , you say , ' Hey , that does n't look like what I 've been drinking in the dressing room .
What 's that ?
I 'm not going on stage unless I get to have what you have .'
WS : How big is your wine collection nowadays ?
MJK : I 'd guess 6,000 bottles .
I always have some staple stuff , and I 'm always making sure I 'm getting a hold of the newest Penfolds releases .
[ But ]
I 've basically just been concentrating on making it .
That 's been taking up most of my time .
WS : What convinced you that you could make the kind of wine you want in Arizona ?
MJK : Just having traveled through Australia and seeing the climates and seeing the ground and the soil , parts of Italy , Portugal , Spain and southern France , I started to gather the impression that this kind of looks like where I live in Arizona .
5,000 feet , a little bit of snow in the winter .
It gets hot , but not insane Phoenix hot .
It just seemed like it was a natural progression .
WS : What were some of the challenges of planting and maintaining your own vineyard ?
MJK : So far the biggest challenge we 're facing is there 's no history here , so we have nothing to draw upon .
We 're kind of shooting in the dark .
There are some pretty extreme temperature swings in parts of the year .
Last year on one of our lots we had a drop of 50 degrees overnight -- not great when we were still watering .
Pretty much fried them out ; the vines were n't dormant yet , and could n't handle it .
Pretty much killed half the vineyard .
We planted some rows tighter just out of space constraints , for an experiment .
Great vigor , kinda kept some of the humidity in .
But of course , we get monsoons .
As soon as the monsoons hit , those were the first sets of grapes to get bunch rot .
There 's gonna be a lot of tweaking as time goes on .
WS : Where are you getting most of your fruit from while you wait for your own vineyards to produce ?
MJK : My main batch of fruit comes from the Paso Robles , Calif. , area .
And then some of it comes from the Wilcox area , down in southern Arizona .
I enjoy making wine with some of the California grapes , but the plan is to eventually be exclusively Arizona grapes .
Eric Glomski [ my winemaker ] is very seasoned .
He worked with David Bruce for many years , and he 's from Arizona , and he wanted to get back over here because he recognized the same thing I did about this area : that it has huge potential for growing some pretty intense wines that are stressed out a bit , and have something to say .
WS : How involved are you in the growing and the picking decisions ?
MJK : I 'm as involved as I can be considering my other career .
It 's crush right now , and I missed all the Sangiovese inoculation , and most of my Syrah .
But I just made it home in time for the Cab .
It cooled down in California and I just got off the road two days ago , so I 'm going to have all my Cab coming in the next two weeks and I 'll get to be here for all that : inoculation , pressing , barreling .
I 'll be doing it with three or four other people here , not watching somebody do it .
WS : In terms of winemaking and blending , you 've made some interesting decisions , like adding a touch of Arizona white wine to your Primer Paso red blend .
What do you think is the most unusual yet successful winemaking decision you 've made ?
MJK : That one , in a way , just because I have to understand that my initial fan base for my wine is people who are interested in my band .
Which is not necessarily the best thing , since they 're not necessarily seasoned wine drinkers who know what they 're drinking .
But perhaps their friends are or their parents are , so if I can just get that wine into their hands , it 'll grow from there because we 're doing some pretty good wines here .
That initial Malvasia - Shiraz blend , for me , was the introduction to those people , who do n't understand a really complex Burgundy or Bordeaux , or a Cab or Rhône Valley - style blend .
Something with a little bit of floral nose on it , that 's kind of sweet and you drink it and it has a little wood on it .
As far as that experiment , I think the Primer Paso kind of did cross over for some people who normally would n't drink wine .
WS : Where are you making the wines ?
MJK : I 'm in the process of building a fairly small facility .
I 'm operating under Page Spring Cellars ' license , until I get my own permit .
I 'm doing about 1,200 cases , [ and ] when I build my own facility I might expand it a little bit .
But with my limited experience , there 's no possible way I could do anything bigger and babysit all that and really understand what 's happening with each batch .
WS : How have the other guys in Tool responded , not just to your wines , but maybe some of the classic ones you 've shared with them over the years ?
MJK : I kinda tricked them at one point with some Bin 389 from Penfolds .
Every night I would have a bottle open and give them a sip .
I did that for about a month and a half , and then switched it out with something .
Each one of them came up to me individually and said , ' Is this the same thing we 've been drinking ? '
And I said , ' No , see , they 're different .
Gotcha . '
For them , who were claiming they have no palate whatsoever and do n't know the difference , even they could tell .
It was a good education for them .
WS : Which is harder , getting a band together and making it successful , or starting a winery and making it successful ?
MJK : I think if you focus on anything hard enough and really put your heart into it , you can take most things to a certain level , but that last 5 percent of the way , either you 're gifted or you 're not .
I just had a knack for vocals and working together with people to make music .
That came naturally to me .
The winemaking ?
I do n't know .
Time will tell if I have that extra 5 percent .
I definitely have the 95 percent focus and passion , so we 'll see .
Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) -- Cuban political prisoner Orlando Zapata Tamayo died Tuesday after an 80 - day hunger strike to demand better jail conditions , according to dissidents .
" He got much worse last Tuesday and was brought to Havana , " said Laura Pollan , one of the leaders of the Ladies of White , a group of wives and relatives of political prisoners .
" But sadly he died at around 4 p.m . "
According to Pollan , Zapata , 42 , went on strike to demand a separate cell from common criminals and permission for his family to bring him food .
She said he also refused to wear the prison uniform .
He was transferred from his prison in central Holguin province to a prison in Havana when his health deteriorated , and eventually to a hospital in the capital , she said .
" For us , this is a terrible situation , " Pollan said in a telephone interview .
" We did n't think this government would let a political prisoner die at this point in time , but we were wrong . "
Zapata was arrested in 2003 during a crackdown on dissidents , Pollan said .
According to an Amnesty International report , he was jailed for disorderly conduct among other crimes .
The first Formula 1 test at Valencia in Spain this week has been followed with more interest than any other test session I can remember .
Valencia officials reported that 59,100 people attended over the 3 days with 36,400 attending on the final day and a report of a 4 km traffic queue trying to get into the track !
We must be very cautious about what we infer about what happened this week .
Taking into account the below , we actually know very little indeed :
We do not know the respective fuel loads each team / driver is carrying
Even if we did know the fuel loads , we do not know the tyre wear rate of the different cars
Even if we knew the fuel loads and tyre wear rates , we do n’t know the fuel consumption of the different engines
There is approximately 6 seconds difference between a fastest lap on low fuel and on maximum fuel
A fast lap on low fuel means very little as teams will only be on low fuel for qualifying and at the very end of the race
There are 3 more tests and a lot technical development still to come
We have n’t seen the performance of all the teams , notably Red Bull
The Valencia track is not a representative track of a lot of F1 circuits
So you get the point , we do n’t really know much , but surely we can glean some information , trends and likelihoods ?
Yes , we can .
Here is the combined times from Valencia this week over the 3 days :
The only true conclusion we can make from the Valencia test is that Ferrari is quick .
They may not actually be the quickest , but they are definitely quick .
If the Bahrain Grand Prix was this weekend you would put your money on Ferrari and probably specifically on Alonso judging by his pace today .
But it would n’t be a safe bet .
Here is a review of the teams and drivers and what we might take away from their performance at the Valencia Test :
Ferrari
They were quickest each day and the only team to get under the 1 min 12secs barrier .
Alonso ’s time of 1 min 11.470secs was 0.6secs quicker than the next quickest car ( Sauber – also using Ferrari engines ! ) .
The completed over 350 laps during the 3 days , far more than any other team and proved to be reliable .
Alonso –
He was quick straight away and will feel good that he was quicker than Massa .
He was cautious in the interviews as he thought last year ’s Renault felt good but was not quick .
Massa –
He should be pleased that he has come back into F1 after a horrific accident and is right back on the pace and was fastest for the 2 days he drove .
Sauber
They will be pleasantly pleased at their pace and rather glad they are using Ferrari engines .
They were 2nd fastest each day and both experienced de la Rosa and new boy Kobayashi were able to put in consistently quick times .
Kobayashi –
He seems very confident and was pleased he was able to get some testing time in to get used to the car .
De la Rosa –
He will be satisfied that he is testing knowing he will actually be racing too .
He and Kobayashi may be closely matched all season .
McLaren
I think they will be a little disappointed that the car did not seem quicker straight out of the box .
They were very confident at the launch and now know they have a lot of work to do .
They seemed neither fast nor slow and their running times were very similar to that of Mercedes , Toro Rosso and Renault .
The teams and drivers will not admit it publicly , but they will be worried by the pace of Ferrari .
Hamilton –
He will be pleased that the car does not seem to perform as badly as last year ’s car and will also be pleased he finished with a fastest time 0.7secs quicker than Button .
Button –
He will be disappointed the McLaren and himself were not quicker , but will not read too much into this week ’s test .
If next week they do n’t seem quick , then he will begin to worry .
Mercedes GP
They are difficult to read as Ross Brawn said today in an interview he thinks that they are “ a little off on pace ” and has said that they are having some handling problems .
The car has not blitzed the field like last year , but then no one expected that .
Schumacher is also playing down their chances and not expecting to win any GP ’s in the opening races and that they need to “ nail their reliability ” .
Brawn has also said they are yet to use its new front wing or double diffuser .
Schumacher – he will be pleased as he still has the pace and that he was 0.4secs quicker than his teammate , but maybe worried about the pace of the car compared to Ferrari .
Rosberg –
He seems a tiny bit phased , although he acts confident in interviews and will want to be a match for Schumacher
Toro Rosso
The first couple of days did not go well and they had technical problems ( gearbox ) and reported downforce issues .
Buemi was over 2 seconds off the pace on both days .
However , on the final day with Alguersuari they seemed to have made some improvements as he was able to complete 97 laps and had a fastest time only just over a second behind Alonso .
Alguersuari – I think he will be pleased with his performance , but worried perhaps by the team ’s reliability
Buemi –
He will be worried by the technical problems and his lack of speed .
Renault
They seemed to struggle on the first day and then came good on the second day with Kubica putting in a fastest lap just under a second slower than Alonso .
Considering the state of the team I think they will be pleased their times were comparable to McLaren and Mercedes , but know they have work to do .
Kubica – I do n’t think he will be unduly worried and will be focused on developing the car over the next month
Petrov – I think he will be pleased his first test session went okay and he was only 0.6secs behind his teammate .
Williams
They were at the bottom of the timesheets around 2 seconds behind the fastest time of Alonso .
However , they did not look particularly worried .
Barrichello seemed very relaxed and stated that they were doing runs with very heavy fuel loads , much more than he ever did at Brawn .
There were no low fuel runs he claimed .
So they seem slow , but maybe they are not as slow as they appear .
Barrichello –
He seems relaxed and positive and genuinely seems not to know , like the rest of us , what to make of the times produced this week .
Hulkenburg –
He had a good session today getting used to the car and the team , completing 126 laps and even did a couple of race start practices .
He was only 3 tenths of his vastly more experienced teammate and will be satisfied with that .
So , we do not know much .
Next week ’s test at Jerez will help us know a little more as we will have a more representative F1 track , more teams ( Red Bull ! ) , but we wo n’t get to know a lot .
If Ferrari are quickest again each day then it will confirm their pace , but if another team is quicker , then we wo n’t know if this means we are clearer about who is quickest or more confused ?
My expectation for the season is that it is going to be very close with a lot of teams with some tracks suiting certain teams and / or drivers .
Jerez is a different track and so I am expecting different results .
We shall see .
— — — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Jake McMillan
A Nato deputy commander in Afghanistan has defended the air strike in southern Afghanistan which killed 27 civilians while saying an investigation into the incident had been launched .
Lieutenant General Nick Parker , said forces in Afghanistan " have to make snap judgements " and " sometimes these incidents occur " .
He said such incidents were not deliberate , as " if we kill the people we 're trying to protect , our credibility is undermined " .
Most people that follow real estate even at a cursory level have heard of the problems in commercial real estate .
The enormous $ 3.5 trillion market in commercial real estate ( CRE ) has deep and profound problems .
At the peak CRE was estimated to be valued at $ 6.5 trillion .
Today the value is closer to $ 3.5 trillion or closer to the loan amount outstanding .
This market is now sitting in a zero equity position .
In fact from market trends it is very likely that much of CRE bought during the last few years is significantly underwater .
This trend is a few years behind the residential housing bust that shocked the markets into record declines .
Why is the market not reacting as negatively to the bust in CRE as it did to residential housing ?
Commercial and construction loans combined are bigger than the entire subprime market and CRE values have now fallen by 43 percent from their peak across multi-family units , hotels , and retail space .
And with the CRE collapse there is a harder time selling off this space if there is no economic demand for certain spaces .
You also have a smaller pool of borrowers looking for retail space .
Take for example retail space near empty suburban housing divisions .
With the busted homes if you lower prices enough , there will be a market created at a certain point .
Yet this takes time .
But with commercial real estate you may have no market at any price .
Much of the CRE space is used as a business .
With no business there is no need for CRE .
So we have a giant $ 3.5 trillion market of loans that are largely toxic but the market seems to be ignoring this .
Take a look at the combined CRE collapse from data collected by MIT :
And the worst is n’t behind us .
It is still to come :
“ ( Moody ’s )
The delinquency rate on CMBS conduit and fusion loans increased by more than 50 basis points in January , bringing the total rate to 5.42 % .
The total delinquent balance is now more than $ 36 billion , a $ 3 billion increase over the month before .
By dollar and basis points , this is the largest increase in the delinquency rate thus far in the downturn , as measured by the Moody ’s Delinquency Tracker ( DQT ) . ”
Source : Calculated Risk
So the speed of value declines in CRE is still deep and troublesome .
Why is it then that the market is ignoring this data ?
Part of it has to do with the banking system bailouts .
It is now assumed that any large and significant problems are going to be handled by the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve .
In 2008 when the market was pricing in reality based risk and valuing companies on their own ability to succeed , countless firms were going to zero because that was their actual value .
Today , with the entire banking sector bailed out the market is now pricing in no failure and subsequently even companies with enormous amounts of commercial real estate seem to be doing well .
Take a look at one of the larger holders of commercial real estate in Simon Property Group ( SPG ) :
This institution is now up by 159 percent since the March lows .
Has CRE really changed that dramatically in the last year ?
And this is one of those areas being hit extremely hard :
“ ( Reuters ) Simon ’s Mills properties portfolio is comprised of two types of assets : regional malls and Mills properties , totaling over 45 million square feet of gross leasable area .
A Mills property typically comprises over one million square feet of gross leasable area and has a combination of traditional mall , outlet center and big box retailers and entertainment uses , all focused on delivering value for the consumer .
These assets are located in major metropolitan markets .
The Mills is Simon ’s fifth retail real estate platform .
Simon ’s Community / Lifestyle Center Division consist of more than 70 centers comprising over 20 million square feet in size .
These properties range in size from 30,000 square feet to over 900,000 square feet .
All of the properties in the Community Lifestyle Center Division are an open - air format and offer a range of merchandise opportunities in a well located and convenient setting .
These daily - need centers operate with the who’s who of big box anchor stores and many national , regional and local small store operators . ”
Giant holding of retail space in a time when retail spending is collapsing .
We have seen consumers pulling back usage of credit cards and discretionary spending .
The only reason for this enormous price increase is the market is now highly mispricing risk because of the enormous moral hazard embedded in the entire system .
We went from having a bank failing causing the market to react to now , we need an entire country to reach collapse like in Greece to yield any reaction to the markets .
And this notion that companies are no longer at risk is naïve and at worst , problematic for our entire system .
We took systemic risk and digested it to the entire network of our economy .
The risk is now directly linked to taxpayers through various bailouts and Federal Reserve programs aiding banks .
Yet the problems are still there .
Unemployment is still at its peak and we ’ve been losing jobs for 25 straight months .
Prices on residential real estate and CRE have yet to come back because people no longer have access to loans that do n’t verify their income or ability to pay the loans back .
The market is mispricing risk yet again believing that these trillions in loans at risk will simply be back stopped by the entire country .
Japan gives us an example of what happens when a country turns their banking system into a zombie like nation .
The big banks like hungry alligators demand more and more money and this sucks away from the productive economy .
You also have a rise in part - time employment ( Japan has one - third of their workers on part - time status ) .
We now have seen a massive rise in this part of our underemployed economy , the largest ever .
And Japan spent trillions in trying to stimulate their economy and here they are two decades later with little to show for their massive financial bailout .
Instead of facing the music at once it was spread throughout the Japanese citizens to pay over decades .
The outcome is the same , someone has to pay for the bad bets .
Will it be the institutions or the people ?
The United States with their bailout policy has decided that it will be the people who pay for this mess .
So when you look at the CRE market , do n’t be deceived that things are suddenly better .
In fact , they are as bad as they ever were .
The market is simply assuming that the taxpayer will make all these bad loans whole like Goldman getting protected via AIG and taxpayer funding .
In the end someone will pay and true values will eventually have to be reflected .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
By Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Grandma does n't always know best when it comes to diet Young children who are regularly looked after by their grandparents have an increased risk of being overweight , an extensive British study has suggested .
Analysis of 12,000 three - year olds suggested the risk was 34 % higher if grandparents cared for them full time .
Children who went to nursery or had a childminder had no increased risk of weight problems , the International Journal of Obesity reported .
Nearly a quarter of preschool children in the UK are overweight or obese .
The researchers said very little research had been done on the influence of childcare on weight .
We know that obesity is a very complex issue with a wide range of factors involved
Department of Health spokesman
Yet childcare may have an effect on weight through diet and physical activity .
The study used data from the Millennium Cohort Study , which looked at the health of children aged between nine months and three years old , who had been born in the UK between 2000 and 2001 .
The results showed that those looked after by grandparents part - time had a 15 % higher risk of being overweight for their age compared with those solely looked after by their parents .
Those who were cared for by their grandparents full - time had a 34 % increased risk of being overweight , the University College London team found .
Further analysis taking into account the child 's socio- economic background , found the increased risk was only apparent in children from the most advantaged groups - whose mothers had a managerial or professional job , had a degree , or lived with their partner .
There was also an increased risk of being overweight associated with other informal care provided by relatives or friends but only if that was full - time .
' Best alternative '
The researchers said it was well - recognised that parents value care provided by grandparents and consider it to be the best alternative to full - time parent care .
They said the issue was about providing informal carers , such as grandparents , with better information and support around diet and exercise .
A recent announcement to provide grandparents with National Insurance credits for caring for grandchildren under the age of 13 years for at least 20 hours a week from 2011 , " provides a potential opportunity for such health promotion " , they advised .
Study leader Professor Catherine Law said this study , which was backed by other work done in the US , did not look at why grandparent care was associated with being overweight but that indulgence of children and lack of physical exercise were two possible explanations .
" One of the ways forward would be to talk to small groups of grandparents to see the challenges they face .
" Some of the things that might help would be educating the population in general about healthy lifestyles but also things like avoiding food as a reward and suggestions for building activities into daily life . "
A Department of Health spokesman said : " We know that obesity is a very complex issue with a wide range of factors involved .
" The latest figures show that child obesity levels are the lowest reported since 2001 .
However , there 's no doubt that levels of obesity in this country , as in the rest of the developed world , are far too high .
" That 's why we 're investing time , energy and money into preventing people from becoming obese in the first place . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last Updated 2/15 2:55 PM
EST
The Battle of Marjah was supposed to be the centerpiece of the Obama escalation , showcasing NATO ’s firepower against the farming community while emphasizing strategic changes designed to limit civilian casualties .
This has failed on both fronts , with troops encountering heavy resistance and making slow progress in occupying the town , and even more importantly an embarrasingly high profile mishap involving US forces .
According to NATO , the US was attempting to use its High Mobility Artillery Rocket System ( HiMARS ) to attack some nearby insurgents .
The rockets fired from the HiMARS “ missed ” their targets , and instead hit a crowded home 300 meters away , killing at least 12 Afghan civilians .
Officials were quick to apologize , and the HiMARS has been temporarily barred from service , but after US forces papered the region with leaflets urging civilians to “ stay put ” during the invasion , the killings have once again drawn uncomfortable attention to the inaccuracy of war inside a town .
Making matters worse , the HiMARS incident was n’t the only case of NATO forces killing civilians .
In neighboring Kandahar Province , NATO confirms they ordered an air strike against what they assumed were “ militants ” planting IEDs , but were later revealed to be innocent civilians .
Five were killed and two injured .
Despite the killings and the fighting , officials insist that the invasion is “ going to plan . ”
Those paying attention over the past month however will recall repeated predictions of a quick victory with little battle , and the reality has been anything but .
Your Motorola Droid supports mulitouch , so why is n't it included in your stock browser ?
Do n't know , do n't care : here 's how to get it , along with lots of other help tweaks , right now .
Advertisement
WARNING : You should be fine if you follow the instructions closely , but there 's a slim chance you could brick you phone .
And unless your restore your stock bootloader and software image before sending it back to Verizon , rooting the phone can void the warranty .
Proceed at your own risk .
So !
The American Droid may lack multitouch , but the European Droid , called the Milestone , does not .
It is possible to replace your Droid 's software with the the Milestone 's , but it 's a bit risky , and still buggy — GPS does n't work , for example .
( More on that here , if you 're feeling hardy )
Luckily , we can gank a little piece of the Milestone 's software — the browser , specifically — to give your AmeriDroid the multitouch it deserves , without much trouble .
Here 's how :
Root your phone , with these instructions from AllDroid :
1. Download the droid- super_user.zip file from here ( md5sum cf653352967253e99d967498ffd9ce69 ) .
Do not extract .
2 - Rename the file to " update.zip " .
3 - Plug your Droid into your computer via USB .
On the Droid go to the Notifications bar and select " USB Connected " then press " Mount " .
4 - Once the device is mounted , the SD card will show as a removable device on your computer
5 - Put the " update.zip " file you just renamed into the Root ( top ) directory of your SD Card .
6 - Unmount the device from your computer , and turn the Droid off .
7 - Hold down the " X " key on the physical keyboard and while doing so press the power button .
Hold both of them down until you see a Triangle with an !.
8 - Press the Vol+ and the Camera button together until you get a menu .
9 - Using the D - pad on the physical keyboard , select the option to update with the update .zip file .
10 - This should take a little bit .
Once it 's done select the option to reboot the phone .
Advertisement
You wo n't notice much different about your phone , but trust me : it 's changed .
2. Install the multitouch native browser .
Now that your Droid is rooted , you can change virtually anything about it .
Like , say , its default browser !
First , download the Milestone browser files from here , and copy them over ( the .apk and . so files ) to your device 's SD card , in the top , or root , folder
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Now , the easiest way to execute hacks like this is with a terminal , so you 'll have to download one — search " Terminal Emulator " in the App Market and install that .
Now run it .
You 'll arrive at a command prompt , where you just need to enter the following , each followed by the " Enter " key on your keyboard :
su
mount -o remount , rw -t yaffs2 / dev/ block / mtdblock4 /system
rm / system/app/Browser.odex
cat / sdcard/ Browser.apk > /system/app/Browser.apk
cat /sdcard/libmtwebcore.so > /system/lib/libmtwebcore.so
mount -o ro, remount -t yaffs2 / dev/ block / mtdblock4 /system
sync
reboot
Advertisement
Now , open your browser .
Pinch .
Zoom .
Smile .
[ Back to the main post ]
Campaigners today accused the government of performing a U - turn over sex education in faith schools , after changes to a bill they said would allow the schools to discourage the use of contraception and teach that homosexuality is wrong .
Amendments to the children , schools and families bill allowing education to " reflect a school 's religious character " had been made under pressure and would undermine efforts to reduce teenage pregnancies , they said .
It meant teachers would be free to preach against sex outside marriage and not encourage safer sex .
The bill says sex and relationships education ( SRE ) must be taught in a way that reflects a " reasonable range " of religious , cultural and other perspectives , and promotes equality , encourages acceptance of diversity and emphasises the importance of rights and responsibilities .
But an amendment tabled by the schools secretary , Ed Balls , last week , says these rules should not be read as preventing governing bodies or heads from letting the subject be taught in a way that reflects the school 's religious ethos .
On its website , the Catholic Education Service , which negotiates on behalf of bishops , claimed that the amendment had been secured by its lobbying .
Andrew Copson , the chief executive of the British Humanist Association , said the changes would deprive pupils of crucial information .
" The government 's amendment effectively provides an opt - out for faith schools from teaching full , comprehensive and objective SRE , " he said .
The Accord Coalition , which campaigns for inclusive education , accused Balls of implicitly condoning homophobia in schools and undermining attempts to tackle homophobic bullying .
Its chairman , Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain , called on the government to withdraw the amendment , which was " made under pressure " .
" It is astonishing that the government plans to deny young people of their right to accurate , balanced SRE … Children at faith schools have just as much right to information that could help them avoid an unwanted pregnancy or sexually transmitted infection . "
A spokesman from the Department for Children , Schools and Families dismissed the complaints .
Faith schools would not be able to opt out of statutory SRE lessons when they came into effect in September 2011 , he stressed .
" All maintained schools will be required to teach full programmes of study in line with the principles outlined in the bill , including promoting equality and encouraging acceptance of diversity .
" Schools with a religious character will be free to express their faith and reflect the ethos of their school , but what they cannot do is suggest that their views are the only ones . "
This meant a Catholic school would be required to teach the facts about contraception , but would also be able to reflect the church 's views on its use .
[ youtube:v=HqTjGCGicC4 ]
In this week ’s YouTube video chat , Dr. Laura Schlessinger addresses an unnatural new development of modern life : stay - at - home dads .
What are the possible psychological effects of this strange permutation of the traditional child - rearing arrangement ?
A listener writes in Thinking of the Children :
If a mom works , and the dad stays home with the children , does this have any psychological effect on the kids , with respect to their relationships later in life ?
You talk a lot about stay - at - home - moms , but I do n’t recall hearing much about what happens when the roles are reversed .
Is it better for boys if the dad stays home or does it matter ?
Dr. Laura , for her part , is far more concerned with Thinking Of the Wives :
This is one which gets very sensitive , because in general — - that means there are exceptions everywhere , OK — - when the moms are working , and the dads are at home , the moms , the women , the wives , tend to change their feelings somewhat about their husbands .
They tend not to see them as the heroes .
The warrior .
The man .
The caretaker .
The provider .
The protector .
And those feelings are really very significant .
And I have found over the years that there often is more marital strife when the roles are reserved .
Whether you ’re a feminist or not , whether you like it or not , them ’s just the facts .
You see , when a woman wanders outside her natural role as child - rearer and housekeeper and enters into the dangerous world of the male warrior heroes , she ’s liable to start getting some Ideas .
Ideas like , “ Despite what I ’ve been told , my feeble female brain can perform tasks outside of raising babies . ”
Ideas like , “ This is the ‘ work ’ my husband has been self - importantly occupying himself with for all these years ?
All these people do is dick around and watch YouTube videos . ”
Ideas like , “ Now that I ’m getting paid for all the work I do , perhaps I should n’t have settled for that loveless marriage after all . ”
But never fear :
As long as women agree to leave the home without applying their critical thinking skills , the kids will be all right :
Now : it often works very well .
And when it works very well — - OK , when it works very well it ’s good for the kids , when it does n’t work very well , it ’s not good for the kids .
The point is not , are the rolls reversed and is that good for the children ?
The point is , are the parents RHHHHGGG about it ?
Is dad being treated with less respect ?
Is mom coming home sort of bitter that she ’s not with the kids , and feeling like since she earns the money , she ’s the boss ?
If there is this kind of negativity and dissention , that hurts the kids .
In other words , are you still treating mom like a woman ( with less respect ) , and dad like a man ( the boss ) ?
You ’re good to go .
But once mom starts to get empowered by her new position — - or dad starts feeling emasculated — - it ’s back to the kitchen with her .
Corus will tomorrow begin mothballing its steelmaking plant at Teesside , with the eventual loss of 1600 jobs , as hopes faded of a last - minute rescue deal .
Lord Mandelson visited the plant today while business minister Pat McFadden is in India , where he will hold talks with owner Tata Steel over its future .
Several potential bidders are understood to be interested in buying the site , but talks are at an early stage and any deal is unlikely to materialise for some time .
The government is ready to facilitate any deal , but EU rules hamper how much state aid it can grant .
It will take about six weeks to mothball the plant .
Corus blames the closure on a consortium led by Italian firm Marcegaglia , which , it said , had agreed to buy a majority stake in the plant but last year moved to " unilaterally and unreasonably " terminate the contract .
Corus said the consortium backtracked on a commitment to buy most of the plant 's steel until 2014 , and without this " Offtake Framework Agreement " the plant was not viable .
This week , Middlesbrough 's mayor , Ray Mallon , said he and chairman of Middlesbrough football club , Steve Gibson , had been approached by a " credible " consortium that was looking for support for its bid .
" I do not want to raise false hope and there is a long way to go before any deal would be complete , but this is a deal worth investigation , " he said .
" Both myself and Steve Gibson will continue to do all we can to save steel jobs in the area until we are satisfied that no more can be done .
" It is now down to Tata and the government to provide all possible assistance to this consortium . "
The cabinet met in Durham this afternoon .
The gathering , the ninth since Gordon Brown introduced regional meetings two years ago , focused on jobs and the regional economy in the north - east and the Corus plant was expected to be high on the agenda .
Tonight , the government was accused of using these meetings as an excuse to stage party events near key marginal seats .
Tory MP Douglas Carswell claimed that Labour 's deputy leader , Harriet Harman , had made plans to meet activists , officials and trade unionists in the south - west when she visited the region for the cabinet 's Exeter trip on 5 February .
The man on the other end of the phone thinks Braylon Edwards deserves the criticism for all his dropped passes , and that if he does n’t figure it out soon , he ’ll never live up to his potential .
He was not an angry Jets fan , or a frustrated talk - radio host , or even Brian Schottenheimer disguising his voice .
This was someone with a much more personal connection to the Jets receiver .
His dad .
“ Am I worried about him getting a reputation for dropping the football ? ” Stan Edwards asked this week from suburban Detroit .
“ No .
Because let ’s be honest — he ’s earned it . ”
His son is one of the most skilled receivers in football .
He is big , strong and athletic .
He is a smart player with good football instincts who knows how to get behind the defense .
He does everything right , with one notable exception .
Catching ... the ... damn ... ball !
Politi :
It 's time for Braylon Edwards to stop dropping passes
NY Jets committed to running ball against San Diego Chargers
NY Jets cornerback Dwight Lowery looking for redemption against San Diego Chargers receivers
NY Jets notebook : offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer passes on interview with Buffalo Bills
San Diego Chargers notebook : running back LaDainian Tomlinson 's role in offense greatly diminished
NY Jets have waiting list for potential AFC title game tickets
If his tendency to become a Dropasaurus flummoxes Joe Jets Fan — and no doubt projectiles were flying at televisions when he dropped a sure touchdown pass in the team ’s first - round victory — imagine how Stan Edwards feels .
He coached his son in youth football and watched him compile three 1,000 - yard seasons with 39 touchdowns at grind - it - out Michigan .
He was there when Edwards was taken with the third overall pick in the NFL Draft , by the Cleveland Browns .
He , better than anyone , knows what his son is capable of doing on a football field .
But ask him to explain those drops ...
“ Wish I knew , ” he said .
“ It ’s mind - boggling .
He ’ll make catches that nobody else in the game will make .
It ’s not making a difficult catch .
He ’ll make a borderline impossible catch !
And then he ’ll drop one on a simple route . ”
The Jets sure could use a breakout game from Edwards to beat San Diego this week — that much is obvious .
But the reverse is also true .
Edwards needs one to validate the Jets ’ midseason move to bring him here from Cleveland , and to prove they should keep him around .
Edwards has never had an opportunity like this in his career .
Stranded in Cleveland , an NFL purgatory , he morphed into an unpopular player in Ohio State territory who came from That School Up North .
He reached the Pro Bowl in 2007 but struggled the following season , and the fans turned on him .
Stan Edwards remembers his son’s house being egged the week of the Ohio State game , his lawn strewn with trash .
He called it “ a negative situation for everyone . ”
“ The Michigan - Ohio State thing is real , ” the father said .
“ I remember one night , we needed a police escort back from a restaurant — this was during the offseason .
These people were very serious about causing bodily harm .
I thought I was going to have to fight . ”
Edwards embraced coming to the Jets .
He raves about the winning culture in Florham Park , the chance to finally prove himself in the playoffs — an opportunity his father , a six - year pro , never had .
“ I ’d like to be a Jet for the rest of my years , ” Edwards said Wednesday , but it would be hard for the Jets to sign him to a long - term contract until he gets the dropsies out of his system .
So what is it ?
Is he pressing ?
Is he losing concentration ?
Does he need to have his vision checked ( hey , more than one person at Jets camp wondered about that out loud Wednesday ) ?
Edwards has his theories .
He talked about finally getting through the legal issues stemming from a nightclub incident in Cleveland , which were resolved in court on Tuesday .
He talked about having five different quarterbacks in Cleveland and the inconsistencies there .
He mentioned the lack of throws coming his way with the Jets , which leads to “ over thinking ” when a ball is thrown his way .
“ We run the ball so much , I ’ve had two pass attempts last week , and when you get one , you ’re thinking , ‘ Okay , here it is , I ’ve got to make the play , ’ instead of just having fun , ” Edwards said .
That explanation wo n’t mean much if Edwards drops another big one against the Chargers .
Head coach Rex Ryan has done his best to pass along a little confidence , announcing that Edwards was due for “ one of those bust - out ” games .
Quarterback Mark Sanchez said the team would keep throwing him the ball because “ he ’s a stud , and you feed the stud . ”
The Jets saw the stud side of Edwards in an impressive five - catch debut against the Dolphins .
Right now , the team would probably settle for a couple big plays .
Because , as somebody who knows him better than anyone points out , there is only one way to change his reputation .
“ People would n’t be harping on him dropping passes , ” his father said , “ if he was n’t dropping passes . ”
Steve Politi appears regularly in The Star - Ledger .
He may be reached at spoliti@starledger.com , or follow him at Twitter.com / NI_StevePoliti .
Artist Bio
Peter Arkle lives in New York City where he is a freelance illustrator of books , magazines and ads .
He occasionally publishes a newspaper , Peter Arkle News , containing stories and drawing about everyday life .
Peter Arkle ’s Website
Until last week , paleontologists could offer no clear - cut evidence for the color of dinosaurs .
Then researchers provided evidence that a dinosaur called Sinosauropteryx had a white - and - ginger striped tail .
And now a team of paleontologists has published a full - body portrait of another dinosaur , in striking plumage that would have delighted that great painter of birds John James Audubon .
“ This is actual science , not ‘ Avatar , ’ ” said Richard O. Prum , an evolutionary biologist at Yale and co-author of the new study , published in Science .
Dr. Prum and his colleagues took advantage of the fact that feathers contain pigment - loaded sacs called melanosomes .
In 2009 , they demonstrated that melanosomes survived for millions of years in fossil bird feathers .
The shape and arrangement of melanosomes help produce the color of feathers , so the scientists were able to get clues about the color of fossil feathers from their melanosomes alone .
That discovery prompted British and Chinese scientists to examine fossils of dinosaurs that are covered with featherlike structures .
The 125 - million - year - old species Sinosauropteryx , for example , has bristles on its skin , and scientists found melanosomes in the tail bristles .
They concluded that the dinosaur had reddish - and - white rings along its tail .
Update : On 1 January 2012 the MAG Corps informed B’Tselem that it would not investigate the killings , explaining that “ the actions of the IDF took place in the course of the apprehension of the suspects . ”
In the pre-dawn hours of 26 December 2009 , soldiers shot to death Ghassan Abu Sharakh , Nader a - Sarkaji , and ‘ Anan Subuh , while each of them was at home in the Old City of Nablus .
The first two were with their families at the time they were shot .
State officials , among them the IDF Spokesperson , stated that the three had been involved in the shooting attack that killed Rabbi Meir Chai on 24 December 2009 .
They further stated that the soldiers went to the houses to arrest them , but the three refused to surrender , and the soldiers shot them when they felt their lives were in danger .
B'Tselem 's investigation of the event , which included interviews with nine relatives of the men who were killed and examination of the findings at the scene and of medical reports , revealed a different version .
The investigation raises a grave suspicion that the soldiers acted unlawfully and , at least in the cases of Ghassan Abu Sharakh and Nader a - Sarkaji , made no attempt to arrest them before shooting them to death .
The findings of the investigation follow .
About 2:30 A.M. , soldiers surrounded the house of Abu Sharakh and bombed the front door of the building .
The soldiers called to all residents of the building to go outside .
Jihad Abu Sharakh , a brother of Ghassan Abu Sharkh , left his apartment on the third floor of the building , and soldiers ordered him to go into the yard .
After he did that , soldiers beat him and cuffed his hands .
In the meantime , other members of the family gathered on the second floor and began to go down the steps leading to the yard .
Ghassan Abu Sharakh , who was unarmed , led the group , with his mother and sister - in - law walking behind him .
According to eyewitnesses , at the moment he reached the last steps and stood facing the soldiers , they shot him and he fell and died on the spot .
Around 2:40 A.M. , soldiers surrounded the house in which Nader a - Sarkaji lived .
The soldiers opened massive gunfire at his apartment while he and his wife were sleeping , without first calling to them to go outside .
Nader a - Sarkaji shouted to the soldiers that he was coming out of the apartment .
After a break of about one minute in the firing , he went to the corridor leading to the yard of the house , his wife behind him .
At the same moment , soldiers on the roof overlooking the yard of the house shot him in the head and he fell and died on the spot .
His wife , who was standing behind him , was injured in the leg by fragments and also fell to the ground .
After a few seconds , soldiers came into the yard and shot Nader a - Sarkaji again , several times .
Around 3:00 A.M. , soldiers surrounded the house of the Subuh family , fired at the building , and called out on a loudspeaker to all the occupants to go outside .
The occupants , except for ‘ Anan Subuh , went downstairs and stood at the entrance to the building .
Soldiers separated the women and children from the men .
A soldier who introduced himself as “ Officer ‘ Ali ” threatened the group of men , including ‘ Anan Subuh 's elderly father , that he would destroy their house if they did n't tell him where ‘ Anan was located .
The family refused to answer .
Afterwards , the family heard a few blasts coming from the direction of their house .
The same officer beat and threatened ‘ Anan 's brother Jamal , ordering him to call to his brother in the loudspeaker and convince him to surrender .
During the incident , the family heard gunshots coming from the direction of the house .
Around 7:00 A.M. , after the soldiers left the area , the Subuh family returned to their house and found ‘ Anan 's body near the place where he had been hiding .
B'Tselem 's investigation indicates that , contrary to the contentions made by Israeli officials , it appears that no real attempt was made to arrest Ghassan Abu Sharakh and Nader a - Sarkaji , and they were not given any warning before they were shot to death .
They were shot even though they were unarmed and had obeyed the instructions of the soldiers to leave their houses .
According to B'Tselem 's investigation , the claim reported in the media that Ghassan Abu Sharakh attempted to escape is unclear , given that soldiers were positioned at the only exit from the building and they shot him while he was on the stairs , before he reached the yard in which they were positioned .
In addition , the soldiers shot the two immediately , without establishing whether they posed a threat to their lives .
As there were no eyewitnesses to the killing of ‘ Anan Subuh , B'Tselem cannot state with certainty the circumstances in which he was shot by soldiers .
However , B'Tselem 's investigation indicates that , although a weapon was found in his hiding place , ‘ Anan Subuh did not fire at the soldiers .
The IDF 's Spokesperson 's announcements regarding this incident did not mention an exchange of gunfire that night .
The three Fatah activists were suspected by Israel of committing a grave offense , and stood to serve long sentences had they been convicted .
However , as they were merely suspects , the army 's duty was to arrest them and bring them to trial .
Israel denies that it carries out assassinations in the West Bank , yet B'Tselem 's investigation raise a grave suspicion that the soldiers ' conduct was appropriate to an assassination mission , to an arrest operation .
In light of the above , B'Tselem wrote to the judge advocate general , Maj. Gen. Avichai Mandelblit , demanding that he immediately order a Military Police investigation into the circumstances of the killings of Ghassan Abu Sharakh , Nader a - Sarkaji , and ‘ Anan Subuh .
B'Tselem further demanded that the Military Police also investigate the soldiers ' violence and threats against the families of the three men and the damage caused to their property .
QUERY WEEK PART DEUX :
After the Query
By Sarah J. Maas
~
So , let ’s say your query was stellar , and you ’ve got a whole pile of requests from agents !
Excellent .
But what the heck do agents mean when they ask for the first fifty pages , or the first three chapters , or — eek ! — the full manuscript ?
First of all , this is AMAZING .
This means you ’ve got the agent ’s attention .
Feel free to do a victory dance .
Go ahead .
You know you want to .
Done ?
Awesome .
Now , let ’s get down to business .
When an agent requests the first fifty pages or the first three chapters , this is called a Partial Request ( ooooh ) .
They want to get a sense of your writing before committing to reading more from you .
This is precisely why your opening pages are SO important — this is your only shot to get that agent excited about your work .
If an agent likes your partial , they ’ll most likely request the rest of the manuscript .
But I ’m getting ahead of myself .
When I got my first partial requests , I freaked out .
Why ?
Because Page 50 stopped right in the middle of a scene !
Most often , your first 50 pages will end somewhere inconvenient .
You can either choose to end the partial at the scene closest to page 50 ( maybe it ends on page 48 ) , OR you can just find a good final sentence on page 50 and end it there .
It does n’t matter THAT much , but I personally preferred to close the partial with the end of a scene , rather than stop in some random place / in the middle of the action .
If your scene ends on page 51 , it ’s okay to go over by a little bit , but not by much .
But what if an agent replies to your query with a request for the full manuscript ?
Well , the short answer is : Jackpot !
They want to read your entire book .
This essentially translates into : “ Your Query Blew My Mind , and I ’m Hoping Your Book Will , Too . ”
When you send off your partial or full manuscript to an agent , it should ALWAYS look professional .
To help with that , here are a few rules to abide by :
Your manuscript should be double - spaced in Times New Roman , 12 - point font ( unless the agent specifies otherwise — make sure to check !!! ) .
in ( unless the agent specifies otherwise — make sure to check !!! ) .
You should have 1 - inch margins .
. DON’T FORGET PAGE NUMBERS !
Upper or lower right corners are fine .
!
Upper or lower right corners are fine .
Be sure to add in a header that includes your name and the title of your work ( example : Sarah J. Maas , Queen of Glass ) .
( example : Sarah J. Maas , Queen of Glass ) .
Chapters should begin around 10 lines down from the top of the page ( like in a book ) .
When sending electronically , remember that some agents do n’t have computers that support . docx , so always send your manuscript in .doc format .
Again , some agents might prefer a different set up , so ALWAYS double - check their agency guidelines before you send them material !
Once you ’ve sent off your material , the hard part begins :
Waiting .
Waiting to hear back from an agent is like being in limbo .
You jump every time the phone rings , you flinch every time you see your inbox announce that you have 1 new message .
Sometimes , all you want to do is lie on the couch and eat bag after bag of Cheetos as you watch reruns of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air .
Normally , after sending your material , you can expect to hear back between 8 and 10 weeks .
If you have n’t received a response after 10 weeks , it ’s not considered inappropriate to send the agent an email to check on the status of your manuscript .
Sometimes , you ’ll wonder if an agent even received your materials .
Some agents send a confirmation email to let you know that they received your manuscript — but many just wo n’t reply until they ’re telling you Yes or No .
If you do n’t receive a confirmation email , please refrain from bugging them about it — wait until the appropriate 8 - 10 weeks have passed before inquiring .
It ’s maddening , but try to find ways to occupy yourself while waiting for agents to get back to you : start a new novel , bake hundreds of cookies , go for long walks .
You ca n’t let the waiting overrun your life , and often you ’ll hear back at the most unexpected times .
I actually missed The Call from my agent because I was sleeping !
I heard my phone ring early in the morning and was SO ANNOYED that someone was calling me at the crack of dawn ( even though it was more like 10 AM ) that I did n’t even bother to pick up !
When I finally got up and listened to my voicemail , BOY was that the most heart - stopping message of all time !
In short , you ca n’t make agents read your material any faster ( and please DO NOT attempt to do so ) , and you ca n’t predict when they ’ll respond to you — so do n’t drive yourself crazy by trying to guess !
Stalking agents on Twitter definitely does n’t make you feel any better , either — in fact , it can make you even more insane .
But if you ’re curious about agent response times , go to Agent Turn Around , a livejournal community that tracks how long it takes for agents to reply .
Best of luck with everything !
~~~
Sarah J. Maas is the author of several novels , including QUEEN OF GLASS , a YA fantasy retelling of Cinderella .
Her agent currently has her novel on submissions to editors .
Sarah resides with her fiancé in Los Angeles .
You can visit her blog here .
This week I interviewed Jason Martin from the band Starflyer 59 .
That 's right , kids .
After going on about how much I love Starflyer , I finally got around to interviewing Jason .
In case you were n't aware , Starflyer 59 is one of our greatest living bands .
Jason and friends have been rocking for nearly two decades , releasing over 20 albums and CDs , and every release has been a rock masterpiece .
Although his style has changed dramatically over the years , one constant remains : Jason Martin can write a great song .
While he was just as concise in his interview as he is from the stage , I recommend you pay attention to every word .
Enjoy the interview , and do n't forget to visit Starflyer 59 at the links below .
___________________________________________________________________________
Brax :
Thanks for taking the time to do this interview !
Do you remember the first time you were ever interviewed for Starflyer 59 ?
What was it like ?
Have you ever been interviewed by an alien before ?
Starflyer 59 : I remember being interviewed at Cornerstone in ' 94 .
All I kept thinking was is why someone wanted to know anything about me .
I was 21 and thought I was on the verge of " big things . "
This is my first alien interview .
Brax :
What upcoming SF59 projects are you currently working on ?
Starflyer 59 : I am working on a new full length right now to be released this summer .
Brax : How is your Jason Martin Recording venture going ?
Any favorite artists you 've worked with so far ?
Starflyer 59 : It has been going good .
I have enjoyed recording and mixing different bands the last few years .
Favorite artists would be The Birthday Boys , Cottton Jones , The Drums .
Brax :
If you could time travel to any era of the past and play a Starflyer 59 show , when would you choose , and why ?
Starflyer 59 : A showcase in '95 we did for a publishing deal .
I would have made sure we played better than we did that night ... oh well .
( smiles )
Brax :
Please tell me about the best SF59 live show ever .
Also , what are your favorite songs to play live ?
Starflyer 59 : I do n't know , back in the day we played a lot so my memory is a bit fuzzy on most of them .
Favorite song to play live would be Play The C Chord .
Brax : I 've noticed you 've been reluctant to play live in recent years , yet you 're still recording new SF59 material .
Why is that ?
What would it take to convince you to play shows again ?
Starflyer 59 : It stopped being fun , and to be honest we do n't get many people trying to book us these days .
We might be doing some shows in Europe this summer , we 'll see what happens with that .
Brax : iPod , CD , Vinyl , or other ?
Why ?
Starflyer 59 : I have always liked vinyl , looks cool and sounds cool .
iPod is the most convenient , so somewhere between those .
Brax :
You 've been involved in several side projects and other bands over the years , such as Bon Voyage and the Brothers Martin , etc .
Are there plans for any of these other projects in the future ?
Starflyer 59 : Have a side project I 'm gonna try to record this year with a guy named Ryan Clark named " Low and Behold . "
Brax : Star Wars or Star Trek ?
Starflyer 59 : Neither really .
If I had to pick one , it would be Star Wars .
Brax :
Any advice for others trying to “ make it ” in music ?
Starflyer 59 : Yeah , become a plumber ... you 'll have a better future .
Brax :
Anything else you ’d like to add ?
Starflyer 59 : Thanks for the interview .
Visit Starflyer 59 :
www.myspace.com/Starflyer59
www.sf59.com
Tell them Brax sent you !
___________________________________________________________________________
Thanks to Starflyer 59 .
Check back next Wednesday for another exciting band interview .
Brax .
Reuters
A great night out
DEPENDING on your perspective , it was either a pointless bit of argy - bargy outside a milquetoast legislative council — or a soul - stirring “ siege of Legco ” .
Thousands of Hong Kongers , young and old , came together on January 16th to make some noise about spending on public infrastructure .
Their protests were in vain , but the noise was heard .
Despite them , Legco approved funding for a high - speed rail - link with Shenzhen and Guangzhou , over the border in China proper .
On January 18th Donald Tsang , the region 's chief executive , condemned the protesters , warning them to reflect , lest they “ suffocate peaceful and rational expression of opinion . ”
Protesters organised by means of texting , Twitter and Facebook .
On January 1st thousands of the same “ post - 80s ” generation had marched in support of universal suffrage .
This challenges both Mr Tsang , who was chosen by an appointed election committee , and Legco itself .
Half of its 60 members are directly elected .
The rest , including most of the 31 who backed the rail - link , are chosen by “ functional constituencies ” — unelected proxies for business and political interests , usually on China 's side .
It was this undemocratic set - up , rather than the improved connection to the mainland 's railways , that had stoked anger .
The protesters see the oft - repeated promise of representative democracy receding into the future .
Hong Kong 's government and officials in Beijing have reason to feel jumpy .
In parallel to the rail - link fracas , some of Hong Kong 's democrats have been devising a new form of protest .
Frustrated by the delays in implementing democratic reform , two political parties have declared that on January 27th they will quit five seats in Legco , one for each of the territory 's voting districts .
The quitters plan to contest the same seats in by - elections .
Their parties hope to turn these into a de facto referendum on democracy .
This will not be easy .
The Democratic Party , the largest of the “ pan-democratic ” parties , has spurned the campaign .
It found many voters disapproved of the idea , or did not understand it .
A poll finds that 50 % of voters oppose the by - election plan , and 24 % support it .
Kenneth Chan , who speaks for the campaign , concedes it will be hard work to cast the by - elections as a contest pitting democracy against business - as - usual .
China 's government , however , is doing its bit to help .
This week the State Council , or cabinet , accused the democrats of mounting a “ blatant challenge ” to the authority of the central government .
This made the by - elections look like a real referendum rather than yet another futile protest .
Still , the democrats ' manoeuvre is a dangerous gamble .
They hold only 23 of Legco 's 60 seats at present , so they risk falling below the one - third of seats that allows them to block constitutional reforms .
But then , Mr Chan notes , what has this veto done for them lately ?
The name really says it all : I 'm Hotter Than My Daughter :
Yes , it 's about what it sounds like : emotionally mature women who enjoy dressing like their pubescent children compete in a beauty and style for the BBC - viewing public 's approval .
And lest emotional damage , skewed priorities and circumstances that should arguably attract the attention of protective services were not enough entertainment to shoehorn into one hour , the " loser " has to get a makeover which , presumably , amps up the sex appeal .
Advertisement
That there 's a deeply distressing pretext to all of the relationships featured in a Sun article on the show is , natch , not nearly as interesting as moms wearing PVC hot pants to the clubs - LOL !
Says one of the teens ,
" She 's constantly embarrassing me like that - like on my 15th birthday when we went in a limo to a restaurant with all of my friends ... She was leaning out of the window of the car poking her bum out , then after a few glasses of wine * at the restaurant she got on the table and started singing ' Do n't you wish your mumma was hot like me ' .
My friends think she is the coolest mum ever .
Said the casting call ,
BBC
Three is searching for the mums of today who are younger , hipper , more attractive and more independent than ever before !
Do you and your daughter share clothes ?
Do people often mistake you for sisters ?
Or are people amazed to discover your real age ?
If this sounds like you and you would like the opportunity to have a fun makeover , then please get in touch .
Advertisement
The producers ' , um , justifications for this assault on the ashes of human decency ?
As the BBC 's commissioning editor told Digital Spy , " This is a fresh format that goes to the heart of competitive relationships , not only between mothers and daughters , but also siblings and best friends and I 'm sure the makers of Snog , Marry , Avoid ** will make it a fun watch . "
And keeping in mind that the Brits are behind everything from Big Brother to Idol , we can only hope for an American version - further employment , if nothing else , for the cast of Jersey Shore .
* The bum - sticking apparently took place while sober .
** Brits , please weigh in .
I 'm Hotter Than My Daughter [ SunUK ]
' Hotter Than My Daughter ' Heads To BBC [ Digital Spy ]
BBC Three 's " Hotter Than My Daughter " Wants You ! [ NewFCes ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ Image via Kitschy - Kitschy - Coo ]
In an interview with Japanese newspaper the Asahi Shimbun , Nintendo Co. , Ltd. president Satoru Iwata discussed some of this year 's goals , which include releasing the newest Legend of Zelda game .
Advertisement
High on the Japanese exec 's list was increasing the number of DS WiFi spots across the country .
In Japan , the company has a deal with McDonalds to provide a " Mac de DS " service .
Customers who bring their DS units to McDonalds can download items and original content as well as play others via WiFi .
Besides Pokémon mini-games and character downloads , there are also McDonalds quizzes and even a McDonalds manga service .
Advertisement
( Nintendo of America teamed up with McDonalds in 2005 for a similar WiFi service . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nintendo , it seems , is looking beyond the current partnership with McDonalds .
" To proactively increase the number of hotspots , we are talking with a number of businesses , " Iwata told the paper .
When asked if Nintendo is planning on giving DS an iPhone - like cellular functions with the ability to connect to the internet , Iwata dismissed the idea of a monthly service plan for playing games and noted that the company is not thinking of adding such functions in future models of the Nintendo DS .
Advertisement
A Nintendo DS successor ?
Up to now , Nintendo has released several variations of the Nintendo DS — however , it has not released a completely new handheld .
Regarding a DS successor , Iwata offered this : " [ It will have ] highly detailed graphics , and it will be necessary to have a sensor with the ability to read the movements of people playing . "
In the past , motion peripherals have been released for the Nintendo DS .
But with the Nintendo DS posting record sales in America during 2009 , the exec said this was not the time to discuss when this successor will hit the market .
Advertisement
Iwata also touched on Nintendo's home console , the Nintendo Wii , admitting that sales stalled in Japan last fall , but pointing out that the console has been the biggest seller in both Japan and America during the past three years .
He stressed the importance of software .
According to the Asahi Shimbun , there will be a press conference this July for the new pulse Vitality Sensor controller with the intention of putting it on sale as soon as possible .
The paper also noted that the newest Legend of Zelda sequel will go on sale before the end of 2010 with no note whether this refers only to Japan .
The game was first announced at the E3 game expo in Los Angeles back in 2009 .
Advertisement
asahi.com（朝日新聞社）：ＤＳ接続サービス拡大へ 任天堂社長「 Ｗｉｉは再加速 」 - ＰＣ・ゲーム - デジタル [ Asahi Shimbun ]
College presidents who dream of building powerhouse sports teams should read the new report on the basketball program at Binghamton University .
Based on an investigation overseen by Judith Kaye , New York State ’s former chief judge , it shows how a runaway sports program can poison campus life , make a mockery of academic values and leave the administration ’s reputation in ruins .
The roots of the scandal go back to the late - 1990s when Binghamton decided to move from the mildly competitive world of Division III sports to the win- at - all - cost Division I , where too often schools recruit players who are unprepared for college and keep them eligible with padded grades .
The scandal became fully public last fall when the university dismissed a longtime instructor after she accused the athletic department of pressuring her to show athletes preferential treatment .
The trustees appointed Judge Kaye to investigate .
The report shows a basketball program  and a university  that lost its sense of academic values or honesty .
Players who transferred in were given credit for courses with names like Bowling I , Theories of Softball and Sports Officiating .
In its quest for star players , the school admitted several transfer students with academic or legal problems .
Three were subsequently arrested ; one fled the country while on bail .
The coaches seemed more interested in covering up infractions than in disciplining troubled players .
In one especially vivid text message , an assistant coach discusses helping to pay the fine of a player who was charged with stealing condoms at a Wal - Mart .
So what happens when an animal - rights group conducts an undercover investigation into the workings of a dairy farm -- and comes up with nausea - inducing video footage of a worker whacking off a calf 's tail and burning off its horns ?
Complete and udder outrage , of course .
The video , shot more than a year ago at an upstate New York dairy , was filmed by animal - rights and vegetarian - espousing group Mercy for Animals .
ABC
News picked up on the story and reported on the “ tail - docking ” investigation yesterday .
The footage , also posted on YouTube ( though be warned , it ’s all really graphic ) shows workers kicking cattle to move them and dragging calves across the floor by one leg .
The practice of tail - docking – or cutting off a cow ’s tail -- has long been a controversial practice in agriculture .
Farmers say it helps keep the barns cleaner , and presumably a healthier place for animals , by preventing cattle from spreading manure with their tails .
Critics -- and there are quite a few -- say it 's animal torture and have pushed to have the practice banned .
( California outlawed it last year , except in the case of medical purposes . )
The video has caused an uproar among the dairy industry and its critics , and even reached into New York 's state capitol : Linda Rosenthal , a Democratic state assemblywoman , has introduced a bill that would amend existing law and add cows to the list of agricultural animals whose tails must be left alone .
-- P.J. Huffstutter
Photo : Dairy cows feed at a dairy farm ( not the subject of the video ) near Visalia , Calif .
Credit : Phil Hawkins / Bloomberg News
We founded RIT48 five years ago .
Our vision was to bring together and showcase RIT 's unique intersection of tech , art and business .
College hackathons were n't yet popular , yet our initially small event doubled in size every year .
We had hundreds of amazing participants , judges , sponsors and advisors ; many of whom have since become close friends .
They are the people who helped make each event incredibly unique and special .
Thank you !
As we graduated from RIT and moved away , we were n't able to devote the time , energy and passion it took to run RIT48 .
Today we 're retiring the RIT48 brand to make way for other RIT hackathons .
We 're especially excited about BrickHack , taking place this April .
While RIT48 may not survive , college hackathons everywhere will continue to thrive .
We 're really excited to see future hackathons come out of RIT and surrounding areas and are happy to help in any way we can .
Thanks for all of your hard work and an awesome ride !
Ian Mikutel
Matt Gardner
Greg Koberger
Fictional Left 4 Dead 2 southern rock band the Midnight Riders may be headed to Rock Band ... which , without question , is totally awesome .
Two of the band 's tracks , " Midnight Ride " and " One Bad Man , " are currently in the playtest phase on Rock Band Network .
The tracks , supposedly taken from the greatest hits record , High Heels & Brushed Steel , were also featured in Left 4 Dead 2 .
While a song being authored and playtested does n't guarantee it'll make its way to the public , it 's likely the songs will see the light of day .
If not , there 's a big chance that Midnight Riders lead guitarist Dusty will ride into Harmonix 's hometown of Boston and start cracking some skulls .
With his fists .
Watch the above video to get a listen to " Midnight Ride " ; " One Bad Man " can be heard after the jump .
[ / caption ]
Are the relativistic jets of long gamma ray bursts ( GRBs ) produced by brand new black holes ?
Do some core - collapse supernovae result in black holes and relativistic jets ?
The answer to both questions is ‘ very likely , yes ’!
And what recent research points to those answers ?
Study of an Ic supernova ( SN 2007gr ) , and an Ibc one ( SN 2009 bb ) , by two different teams , using archived Gamma - Ray Burst Coordination Network data , and trans - continental Very Long Baseline Interferometry ( VLBI ) radio observations .
“ In every respect , these objects look like gamma - ray bursts – except that they produced no gamma rays , ” said Alicia Soderberg at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass .
Soderberg led a team that studied SN 2009bb , a supernova discovered in March 2009 .
It exploded in the spiral galaxy NGC 3278 , located about 130 million light - years away .
The other object is SN 2007gr , which was first detected in August 2007 in the spiral galaxy NGC 1058 , some 35 million light - years away ( it ’s one of the closest Ic supernovae detected in the radio waveband ) .
The team which studied this supernova using VLBI was led by Zsolt Paragi at the Netherlands - based Joint Institute for Very Long Baseline Interferometry in Europe , and included Chryssa Kouveliotou , an astrophysicist at NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama .
The researchers searched for gamma-rays associated with the supernovae using archived records in the Gamma - Ray Burst Coordination Network located at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md . This project distributes and archives observations of gamma-ray bursts by NASA ’s SWIFT spacecraft , the Fermi Gamma -ray Space Telescope and many others .
However , no bursts coincided with the supernovae .
“ The explosion dynamics in typical supernovae limit the speed of the expanding matter to about three percent the speed of light , ” explained Kouveliotou , co-author of one of the new studies .
“ Yet , in these new objects , we ’re tracking gas moving some 20 times faster than this . ”
Unlike typical core - collapse supernovae , the stars that produce long gamma-ray bursts possess a “ central engine ” – likely a nascent black hole – that drives particle jets clocked at more than 99 percent the speed of light ( short GRBs are likely produced by the collision / merger of two neutron stars , or a neutron star and a stellar mass black hole ) .
By contrast , the fastest outflows detected from SN 2009 bb reached 85 percent of the speed of light and SN 2007gr reached more than 60 percent of light speed ; this is “ mildly relativistic ” .
“ These observations are the first to show some supernovae are powered by a central engine , ” Soderberg said .
“ These new radio techniques now give us a way to find explosions that resemble gamma- ray bursts without relying on detections from gamma-ray satellites . ”
The VLBI radio observations showcase how the new electronic capabilities of the European VLBI Network empower astronomers to react quickly when transient events occur .
The team led by Paragi included 14 members from 12 institutions spread over seven countries , the United States , the Netherlands , Hungary , the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and South Africa .
“ Using the electronic VLBI technique eliminates some of the major issues , ” said Huib Jan van Langevelde , the director of JIVE “ Moreover it allows us to produce immediate results necessary for the planning of additional measurements . ”
Perhaps as few as one out of every 10,000 supernovae produce gamma rays that we detect as a long gamma -ray burst .
In some cases , the star ’s jets may not be angled in a way to produce a detectable burst ; in others , the energy of the jets may not be enough to allow them to blast through the overlying bulk of the dying star .
“ We ’ve now found evidence for the unsung crowd of supernovae – those with relatively dim and mildly relativistic jets that only can be detected nearby , ” Kouveliotou said .
“ These likely represent most of the population . ”
The 28 January , 2010 issue of Nature contains two papers reporting these discoveries : A relativistic type Ibc supernova without a detected γ- ray burst ( arXiv:0908.2817 is the preprint ) , and A mildly relativistic radio jet from the otherwise normal type Ic supernova 2007gr ( arXiv : 1001.5060 is the preprint ) .
Sources : Newborn Black Holes May Add Power to Many Exploding Stars , Newborn Black Holes Boost Explosive Power of Supernovae
Hubble telescope captures earliest images of universe - when it was just a ' baby ' at 600 million years
The Hubble telescope has captured the earliest image yet of the universe - just 600 million years after the Big Bang .
It is the most complete picture taken in near - infrared light of the early universe , showing the first infant star clusters .
To give some perspective , the light left these galaxies 8 billion years before our own Sun and Earth had even formed .
Scientists released the ' baby pictures ' at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society .
Deep space time : the Hubble picture shows the earliest ever seen galaxies which are circled in the boxes in the inset images on the left
Professor Garth Illingworth from the University of California : ' These young galaxies have n't yet formed their familiar spiral or elliptical shapes and are much smaller and quite blue in colour .
' That 's mostly because at this stage , they do n't contain many heavy metals .
We 're seeing very small galaxies that are seeds of the great galaxies today . '
Ivo Labbe from the Carnegie Institute of Washington said : ' The results show that these galaxies at 700 million years after the Big Bang must have started forming stars hundreds of millions of years earlier , pushing back the time of the earliest star formation in the Universe . '
Scientists are hoping the data will help them work out how neutral gas that filled the early universe was ionised , which is the state most cosmic gas is in today .
Ionisation is a process where electrons are stripped from their atoms like in plasma screens .
Hubble has been key in helping determine the age of the universe at about 13.7 billion years , ending a long scientific debate around 10 years ago .
But as far back as Hubble can see , it still does not see the first galaxies .
For that , NASA will have to rely on a new observatory , the $ 4.5 billion James Webb telescope , which is set to launch in 2014 .
' We are on the way to the beginning , ' said astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson of the American Museum of Natural History .
' Every step closer to the beginning tells you something you did not know before . '
The new Hubble picture captures those distant simpler galaxies juxtaposed with closer ones that are newer and more evolved .
The result is a cosmic family photo that portrays galaxies at different ages and stages of development over the course of more than 13 billion years .
The United States will issue a formal diplomatic note to China expressing concern about cyber attacks that hit Google and dozens of other companies , and that researchers say originated in that country .
" We will be issuing a formal demarche to the Chinese government in Beijing on this issue in the coming days , probably early next week , " US State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Friday .
" It will express our concern for this incident and request information from China as to an explanation of how it happened and what they plan to do about it . "
The attack on Google targeted its intellectual property and the Gmail accounts of human rights activists protesting Chinese policies , the search giant said Tuesday .
Google said 20 other firms were similarly hit by the " highly sophisticated and targeted attack , " a number independent security researchers have raised to 34 .
On Thursday , Microsoft said a previously unknown vulnerability in its Internet Explorer browser was used to penetrate Google 's defenses , confirming findings provided by anti-virus firm McAfee .
While there is no conclusive proof the attackers had formal ties to China , the sophistication and coordination of the assaults , combined with IP addresses used for many of the command and control channels , strongly suggest a state - sanctioned campaign from China , several researchers have said .
On Thursday , the deputy assistant secretary of State for East Asia and the Pacific met with the Chinese Embassy 's deputy chief of mission in Washington to express concern and ask questions , according to Bloomberg News .
He did n't receive any answers .
The news service went on to report that Google representatives briefed the Obama administration before it disclosed the attacks and announced it planned to stop filtering search results inside China .
Google did n't seek US government support and administration officials did n't encourage or argue against proceeding . ®
ティティベイトの口コミを約３万５千件も乗っている楽天さんで調べてみました
ティティベイトというお店が気になって、調べてみたのですが、楽天に行くとたくさん口コミがありました！Σ(･ω･ﾉ )ﾉ！
他もいろいろ見てみたのですが、やっぱりここが一番たくさん口コミが集まっているみたいです。
これだけたくさんの口コミがあれば、ティティベイトのいい口コミも悪い口コミも、両方ありますよね！だからきっと、本当はどんなお店なのか、わかるはず(^o^ ) 丿
ティティベイトって、実際はどういうお店なのか？頑張って調べてみましたー！('◇' ) ゞ
まず最初に、口コミが全部で何件あるか調べてみました。
な、なんと、35,756 件！ ！ Σ( ･ω･ﾉ ) ﾉ！
さらにさらに、 平均の評価は、4,25！！かなり高めの評価ですね。
最近の口コミだけを見てみると、ほとんどが☆4、☆5の高評価ばかりでした。(´・∀・｀ )ﾍｰ
商品についての口コミでは、届いた商品が良かったよ！って書いてある人がけっこう多いです。
口コミをいくつか集めてきました。
ティティベイトの商品に関する口コミ
シルエットが素敵 ！
商品写真のイメージに近くて、買ってよかったと思った。
色味も可愛くて、うっとりな肌触りです！
これなら、お友達へのプレゼントにも使えそうです。
デザインが可愛いのに、お値段が安くて嬉しいです。
今回届いた商品も気に入ったので、またお買い物したい。
お洋服の色が豊富で嬉しいです。
色違いとか、また買いたくなります。
商品写真がたくさんあるから、選ぶのが楽しい！
たくさん画像が見れると、選びやすくて助かります。
全体的に、お買い得なのにデザインが可愛い！と喜んでいるコメントが多かったです。
お洋服のカラーバリエーションが多いのも、人気みたいでした(*´ω｀*)
商品も気になるけど、お店の対応も気になりますよね！
お店の対応にも満足している人が多めでした。
参考になりそうな口コミを集めてきました( ' ω ' ) ノ
ティティベイトのお店対応に関する口コミ
届いたお洋服に気になるところがあったのですが、連絡すると、すぐに交換に応じてくれました。
安心感もあるし、また利用したいです。
問い合わせにすぐ対応してくれて、スムーズに届きました。
ありがとう ！
いつも梱包が丁寧です。対応は大満足！
商品と一緒に、可愛いチラシが入っているので、いつも楽しみにしています。
他のも欲しくなる …(笑)
メール便が使えるし、発送も早いので助かります。
ショップの口コミ、全体的に高評価でしたね(・_・
配送が速くて、問い合わせも対応が早いみたいです。
さらにさらに、口コミを 「参考になる」順に並べ替えて、調べてみました。
口コミの並び順を 「参考になる」順に並べ替えてみると、様子が一変します！
2010 年より前の評価になりますが、 ☆ 1 をつけられている口コミ もありまし たΣ( ﾟдﾟlll )
一体どういうことでしょうか！？
☆1で、厳しめのコメントがついたティティベイトの口コミ
発送のお知らせがなかなか来なくて、ずっと待っていたのですが、在庫がなかったみたいです。
ページには在庫アリになっていたのに…。早く欲しかったので残念。
出荷時に不良が見つかったため、キャンセルか変更を迫られました。
不愉快だったのでキャンセルしました。
注文後、楽しみに待っていたのですが、画面を見ると値下げが始まっていて…。
まだ届いていないのに、がっかり。
二重請求されました。最低。
サイズが全然違う商品が届きました。
若干、のレベルではありません。
口コミをよく読んでみましたが、発送のスピード、返品交換、サイズ間違いなど、お店の対応としては、基本的な部分がちゃんとしていなかったようですね。
こういうイマイチな評価は、昔の口コミに多かったので、
お店の初期は運営がばたばたしていたのでしょうか(;´･ω ･)
最近の口コミでは、お店の対応についても高評価がほとんどです
ですが、最近の口コミでは、状況は変わってきています(' ω ' ) ノ
お問い合わせの対応や、発送の早さなどを褒めている人が多いですね。
以前の口コミにあったような、お店の対応のダメダメだった部分は、今では改善されているようです。
新しい口コミを見ていくと、ほとんどの人が☆4や☆5をつけています(^^♪
以前のお店ならちょっと心配もありましたけど、今現在のお店なら、安心してお買い物しても大丈夫そうですね。
ただ、基本的に高めの評価が多いですが、ときどき☆1や☆2もありますね。
通販の難しさだと思うのですが、画像の色味やイメージ違い、不良品もときどきあるようです。
でも、実物が見れない通販だから、やっぱり最低限のリスクはありますね(´・ω・`)
むしろ高評価ばかりで低評価が全くなければ、かえって怪しく見えてくるかも；
こんなサイトも見つけました！かなり丁寧なティティベイトの口コミが載っています☆
写真も多くて読みやすかったです。縫製のＵＰ写真とか、細かくレビューされてて参考になると思います。
⇒ティティベイトの購入口コミ！写真付きで丁寧に解説しています
ティティベイトの口コミと評価についてまとめ
以前のお店は、運営があやふやで、きちんとしてなかった感じですが、今はかなり配送も早くて、安定したサービスができているようです。
ここのお洋服は、カラバリ豊富でシルエットもキレイ☆デザインも可愛いのが多いです。
価格がお安めなのがなにより嬉しいです(*´ω｀*)
ちょっとお洋服が欲しいな、っていうときに、ちょうどいいサイトかも。
Here ’s the press release :
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) today announced it will open a temporary satellite office in suburban Chicago , to manage receiverships and to liquidate assets from failed financial institutions primarily located in Midwestern states .
After conducting a competitive leasing acquisition process , the FDIC entered into a short - term agreement to lease space at 200 North Martingale Road , Schaumburg , Illinois .
The decision was based on mission needs and workload .
The new office will provide facilities for up to 500 non-permanent staff and contractors .
Staffing will be based on the workload needs of this office , including the number of closings in the Midwest , the resulting number of receiverships , and the post - closing workload .
Throughout its history , the FDIC has used temporary satellite offices to keep temporary asset resolution staff closer to the concentration of failed bank assets they oversee .
As the work diminishes , the temporary satellite offices are closed .
The FDIC currently has similar offices in Irvine , California , and Jacksonville , Florida .
The FDIC expects to gradually move into the space starting in March 2010 .
For more information on the Midwest satellite office visit the FDIC ’s Web site at http://www.fdic.gov/about/midwestoffice/.
NRA Receives Heartfelt
Thanks from Second Amendment March
Delton MI – -( AmmoLand.com ) - Today the Second Amendment March ( SAM ) publicly thanked the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) for its assistance in promoting the planed Second Amendment March through online announcements .
“ This is a pivotal time not just for gun owners , but for the entire country .
On behalf of the SAM , I wish to thank the NRA - ILA for agreeing to send out periodic reminders about the march to its members . ” said Skip Coryell , founder of the march .
“ We understand that NRA has a lot on its plate and we fully acknowledge the value this relationship presents .
I hope it ’s one which will blossom in the weeks and months to come . ”
The NRA - ILA announcement can be found online here .
Coryell , a US Marine Corps veteran , invoked the memory of Benjamin Franklin when he indicated that gun rights activists must hang together in these turbulent times .
“ We ’re in a dangerous period right now in America , and it helps to have friends in high places , ” said Coryell .
“ The entire SAM Board Of Directors wishes to extend our sincere gratitude to NRA for stepping forward and taking a leadership position on this event . ”
The Second Amendment March is a non-profit ( 501c4 pending ) nonpartisan organization founded to petition our petition officials against establishing anti-gun legislation , regulations or other encroachments in the form of treaties , and to appeal for a reduction in anti-gun controls .
Visit the Second Amendment March online at www.secondamendmentmarch.com for more information .
About :
The mission of the Second Amendment March is to galvanize the courage and resolve of Americans ; to petition our elected officials against establishing anti-gun legislation ; and to remind America that the Second Amendment is necessary to maintain our right to self defense .
Visit : www.secondamendmentmarch.com
A MAN who got his genitalia stuck in a steel pipe had to be cut free by eight firefighters using an industrial grinder .
The heavy duty cutting gear had to be used to remove the three - inch long hollow pipe after medics were unable to release it .
The painstaking operation , which involved eight firefighters , took around an hour .
The drama began after the man took himself to the accident and emergency department of Southampton General Hospital .
Restricted blood flow had left the man in a state of arousal , and unable to remove the pipe .
Staff there were so concerned that they phoned the emergency services and a crew from Redbridge Fire Station were initially dispatched .
But they had to bring in backup from St Mary ’s station which has a fire truck equipped with specialist cutting gear .
A disc gutter cutter , with a four - and - a - half - inch blade , was used to slice open the stainless steel pipe .
The man , in his 30s , offered no explanation for his predicament but was said to be “ quite concerned and anxious ” .
He had been given an anaesthetic to prepare for the procedure .
St Mary ’s crew manager Adrian Johnson said : “ It was a very delicate operation .
We did not want anything heating up .
The person who did it deserves a commendation for his nerve and steady hand . ”
Meanwhile , watch manager Greg Garrett from Redbridge station added : “ I ’ve only come across this type of thing three or four times in my 17 years as a firefighter .
It ’s not a daily occurrence . ”
The man ’s private parts were left bruised and swollen .
The history of modern humankind has undergone two major energy transitions , marked by the invention and development of agriculture and the discovery and exploitation of oil .
The two energy transitions partition human history into three phases : hunter - gatherer , agricultural , and industrial .
Faber et al. ( 1996 ) refer to these phases as “ Paradigmatic Images of the World , ” because they describe the common structure of societies throughout the world .
The most important question is “ what is the next paradigmatic image of the world ? ” ( Figure 1 .
A ! Kung hunter - gatherer from the Kalahari Desert in Africa , image from here )
Each major energy transition in human history shared a common trait : they provided society access to larger quantities of higher quality energy .
An analysis of the ! Kung bushmen of the Kalahari Desert , one of the only hunter - gatherer populations remaining in the 20th century , revealed that the entire societal structure , including migration patterns , gender roles , and work schedules , was dictated by the availability of water and food ( energy ) ( Lee 1972 ) .
The development of agriculture supplanted most hunter - gatherer populations because it focused the energy from the sun into food - bearing crops , which created much larger amounts of food per unit land area .
As a result food storages accumulated , populations grew , and settlements began to flourish .
The food surpluses created by the development of agriculture allowed some people to focus their attention off the farm , leading to higher education , trade specialization , tool development , etc .
But even the most productive of ancient farms can't compare to the productivity of a modern , industrial farm ( i.e. , in terms of gross output ) .
The modern industrial era began in earnest in the late 19th century with the discovery of oil , and today is defined by the exploitation of the three major fossil fuels : oil , coal , and natural gas .
Never before was society exposed to energy of such a high quality and in such large quantities .
For example , harvesting a ton of wheat in the US at the beginning of the 19th century required 30 hours of work , but by 1970 that number had decreased to less than 2 hours ( Smil 1994 ) .
The decrease in labor hours was due in large part to the use of fertilizers and mechanized farm equipment , both of which rely on fossil fuels .
Exploitation of fossil fuels in all sectors of the economy led to vast increases in productivity , which was the driving force behind the transition from an agricultural to industrial society in the early 20th century .
But economic theories developed during industrialization failed to reflect the value of fossil fuel energy in the transition from an agricultural to industrial economy , with theorists claiming , “ The world can effectively get along without resources . ” ( Solow 1974 )
Historically , economic theories of value have reflected the “ Paradigmatic Image of the World ” at the time they were developed .
For example , in the mainly agrarian societies of early 18th century France , a few academics , called Physiocrats , posited that land was the ultimate source of value as they noticed how higher quality land produced more food and hence profit for the farmer .
By the turn of the 19th century , European society began to industrialize , and the focus of economists switched from land to labor .
These economists , called the Classical Economists , focused on labor as the primary source of wealth as they saw that the output from a factory was directly related to the productivity of the labor force .
By the turn of the 20th century , a new school of economists called Neoclassical Economists , began to focus mainly on the market , and believed that the value of any object should not be measured by either the amount of resources or labor that went into producing it , but rather by the value it commanded in the market .
Accordingly , the welfare of the people under the neoclassical economic paradigm was equal to the amount they could consume in the market , and as a result income became the yardstick by which human welfare was measured .
Since a person ’s welfare was directly proportion to their income , increasing income , or growing the economy , become the de facto goal of neoclassical economics .
But today ’s world is much different from the world that existed during the beginning of industrialization , with far more people and countries vying for an increasingly small resource base .
The failure to realize that fact is one of the reasons why the less developed nations of the world today struggle to advance out of poverty .
Most of the modern development policies crafted for the less developed countries emphasize internal industrialization for export - led growth , and for numerous reasons they have often failed to meet their goals ( Kroeger and Montayne 2000 ) .
Many of these less developed countries even have large endowments of natural resources , including fossil fuels , yet remain poor .
Simply having access to high - energy fossil fuels does not necessarily translate into a wealthier life .
Other variables , such as corruption , education , trade and investment must be accounted for when analyzing the causes of economic growth ( Papyrakis and Gerlagh 2004 ) .
The widespread adoption of the idea that economic growth will increase human welfare is essential in understanding why countries around the world continue to pollute the air , water and earth in the name of economic growth .
Growth in Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) above all was and still is the focus of neoclassical macroeconomic theory , and as such , it has been coveted by almost all economies around the world as the yardstick against which all must measure human welfare .
But infinite growth on finite resources is not possible , and at some point , the fossil energy supply will decrease and the type of economic growth that occurred during the beginning of industrialization will no longer be possible .
Whereas past energy transitions have exploited new , larger sources of energy that enabled exponential growth in many areas of society , the reality of the geologic constraints imposed upon today ’s society relegate unbridled economic growth , the defining economic characteristic of the industrial era , to be a thing of the past .
A new economic model is needed -- one that focuses on human welfare as being separate from income , and one that focuses on the resiliency of society rather than the growth of society over the long term .
Abandoning the previous economic paradigm of growth is paramount because , unlike previous energy transitions in history , the next energy transition will most likely involve a reduction in the energy available to society .
But reducing energy consumption should not be viewed negatively .
There is evidence that raising the incomes of all does not increase the happiness of all ( Easterlin 1995 ) .
Furthermore , people that engage in local , low - energy food programs , such as Community Supported Agriculture ( CSAs ) or farmer ’s markets , tend to have not only a healthier life but also more of a connection with the local community ( Wells et al. 1999 ) .
These are very basic examples of the type of low - energy solutions that the world must begin to adopt for the next energy transition .
There are no substitutes for oil , natural gas , or coal at the scale needed to maintain the economic status quo into the future , and there is absolutely no reason to expect that technology will yield a silver bullet solution .
However , with the appropriate mix of reducing energy consumption ( by a lot ) and instituting energy - saving techniques ( passive solar , local food , etc ) , society could transition to the next “ Paradigmatic Image of the World ” without huge catastrophe .
Whether this is possible given the current financial issues and governmental structure is another issue that I will not get into here , aside from saying that a pivotal part in beginning this energy transition will be to change the attitude and behavior of people ( hence governments ) around the world from the belief that the only way to happiness is through financial wealth .
The run-up in the price of oil and ensuing economic collapse of 2008 are evidence that the world is dependent upon a depleting stock of fossil fuels , and change is coming .
Society has one of two options : 1 ) acknowledge that fossil fuels will sooner or later run-out and begin to prepare to transition to a much less energy dense society , or 2 ) maintain the status quo , hoping that the economy can grow in perpetuity as the stock of fossil fuels declines .
References
Easterlin , R. A. ( 1995 ) .
Will raising the incomes of all increase the happiness of all ?
Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization , 27 ( 1 ) , 35 - 47 .
Faber , M. , Manstetten , R. and Proops , J. ( 1996 ) .
Ecological Economics : Conepts and Methods .
Cheltenham : Edward Elgar .
Kroeger , T. and Montayne , D. ( 2000 ) .
An Assessment of the Effectiveness of Structural Adjustment Policies in Costa Rica .
In C. A. S. Hall ( Ed Quantifying Sustainable Development ( pp. 665 - 693 ) .
New York : Academic Press .
Lee , R. B. ( 1972 ) .
! Kung Bushman Subsitence : An Input - Output Analysis .
In A. P. Vayda( Ed Environment and Cultural Behavior ) Garden City : Natural History Press .
Papyrakis , E. and Gerlagh , R. ( 2004 ) .
The Resource Curse Hypothesis and its Transmission Channels .
Journal of Comparative Economics , 32 , 181 - 193 .
Smil , V. ( 1994 ) .
Energy in World History .
Westview Press .
Solow , R. M. ( 1974 ) .
The Economics of Resources or the Resources of Economics .
The American Economic Review , 64 ( 2 ) , 1 - 14 .
Wells , B. , Gradwell , S. and Yoder , R. ( 1999 ) .
Growing food , growing community : Community Supported Agriculture in rural Iowa .
Community Development Journal , 34 , ( 38 - 46 ) .
By Captain Pyke | February 19 , 2010 - 10:46 pm
Our favorite bearded first officer is busting out his bull horn again and is directing a brand new episode of the scifi series " V " .
Frakes , who has become quite the director over the years , is set to direct episode 1.06 of the series .
The episode is actually in production as we speak .
Starting Tuesday the 16th and scheduled to conclude on the 25th , the episode introduces a new character named John May .
Frakes is know for directing several episodes of TNG and even directing the most successful Next Gen movies , " First Contact " .
He 's also made quite a career directing other television series including ; " NCIS " , " Castle " , " Dollhouse " , " Leverage " ( with Star Trek alum Jeri Ryan ) , and " Roswell " .
Just to name a few .
Now , we have n't watched the rebooted " V " , but we hear it 's pretty good .
For us though , there 's just not enough Mark Singer .
Be sure to check out the episode when it airs , Tuesday April 6th , 2010 , on ABC .
( info Source V Files )
I have n’t practiced law for about six years .
I left the profession because I hated working in a big law firm and anyway , I wanted to write .
But I loved law school , and one of my favorite subjects was Contracts , with the inestimable Professor Trebilcock .
( Yes , we did make jokes .
But we loved him . )
What I remember from class is the why of contracts — yes the law should keep people from murdering each other , but why should the law care about your business deal ?
Or your bait and switch ?
Or your Carbolic Smoke Ball ?
Well , society can’t function on the basis of broken promises and reneged - on deals , otherwise no one would ever do anything before they were paid , and no one else would ever pay before anyone had done anything , so nothing would get done .
In order for life to move briskly along , distributors needed to know they would be paid for bringing you food and contractors needed to know they would get paid for building you buildings , etc. etc. etc .
Making deals means not making other deals — making a deal over here means giving something up over there .
You ca n’t be on NBC if you ’ve accepted an offer from , say , Fox — so in order to turn down Fox , you need to be able to rely on NBC .
Which brings us to Conan .
1. 11:35 p.m .
I found Bill Carter ‘s Sept. 27 , 2004 article about the Conan - Leno Tonight Show enormously fascinating .
It perfectly encapsulated the situation as it was back then — and the media universe in which that deal was struck .
Here ’s one sentence that stuck out for me immediately :
Mr. O’Brien , with his own contract set to expire in January of 2006 , had made it plain in interviews that his goal was to be the host of an 11:35 p.m. late - night show soon .
This is a key sentence , because it addresses NBC ’s main point :
That they did not breach their contract , because they offered to keep Conan O’Brien as host of the Tonight Show — whenever it aired .
O’Brien ’s camp has maintained that the Tonight Show is indivisible from that 11:35 p.m. start time .
Ay , there ’s the rub : Because apparently Conan ’s contract never specified that timeslot .
( I have not seen the contract , I am going off the reports cited . )
Per TMZ :
We ’re told Conan ’s reps never even asked for a guaranteed time period when they negotiated his contract — shocking , but true …
As for Conan ’s legal position , his claim is a lot more tenuous than first reported to us .
We ’re told Conan is arguing — given the history of “ The Tonight Show ” — there is an “ implied ” guarantee the show would begin at 11:35 .
While it ’s certainly always preferable to get it in writing , contracts ca n’t include everything .
Indeed , the reason that contract law exists is in large part to interpret the unwritten elements of a contract when it runs up against unexpected circumstances .
Fancy , expensive lawyers can try , but they ’ll never think of everything — like , say , the implosion of the media world as we know it , and the cost - cutting decisions that would be made as a result .
Not imagined in 2004 .
So our task is now to apply 2004 intentions to this crazy new world in 2010 .
I disagree with TMZ — I do n’t think Conan ’s claim is tenuous .
At all .
On the contrary , not only is there a sound argument for 11:35 being indivisible from the historic Tonight Show brand , there is explicit evidence that makes it clear that the 11:35 p.m. start time was explicitly demanded by O’Brien ’s camp — and that NBC explicitly knew that .
Carter ’s 2004 comment about O’Brien making it plain in interviews that he wanted that 11:35 timeslot is a good start — but better is to actually have a quote .
So , here ’s an earlier piece by Bill Carter , from April 4 , 2004 :
Gavin Polone , Mr. O’Brien ’s manager and long - time friend , puts it in the plainest terms .
” There ’s just no question that he ’s going to be on earlier than 12:30 , ” he says .
” He ’s going to 11:30 .
It ’s going to happen . ”
There it is : the late - night star at 12:30 is pondering a move to 11:30 ( it ’s really 12:35 and 11:35 , rounded off for convenience ) .
Carter ’s piece is called “ Conan ’s Late Start . ” “ 11:30 ” is mentioned 3 times before that clarification , followed by 7 mentions of “ 11:35 . ”
Oh , there ’s more : Carter refers to it as “ the coveted 11:30 period , made famous by Jack Paar and Johnny Carson ” ; lest we miss the point of just how important that 11:35 slot is , Carter also calls it “ the prize ” and “ that hour - earlier dream . ”
Ahem .
Who said that the start time did n’t matter ?
It matters — and it mattered , too , in drawing a distinction between Conan and David Letterman , whose exit from NBC and that 12:35 a.m. timeslot had been so bitter .
Said Conan to Carter , then :
Mr. O’Brien takes pains to point out the distinctions .
” The difference with Dave , which even NBC will admit , is that there was no way Dave could continue to do the job at 12:30 with Jay as the ‘ Tonight ’ show host , because they were peers .
I ’m 15 years younger .
With me at 12:30 , you can still feel there ’s order in the heavens somewhat . ”
That may have been true in 2004 , but in 2010 , Conan had officially ascended .
And the 11:35 timeslot was clearly part of that .
>>>NEXT : The Looming Threat of Leno
Pages : 1 2
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
See more stunning images from the Herschel telescope
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) has released stunning new pictures from the recently launched Herschel telescope .
The pictures show star formation , and have been described as among the most important images obtained from space for decades .
Astronomers hope that , by analysing these images , they will be able to answer questions about how stars and galaxies are made .
Herschel is the largest astronomical telescope ever to be put into space .
It has captured images of previously invisible stardust .
This is the stuff that galaxies , stars , planets and all life is made from , and scientists are studying it to follow the life cycle of the cosmos .
The vacuum of space is full of wispy clouds of stardust
Bruce Swinyard , from the UK's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in Oxfordshire , is a member of the research team that designed Herschel 's Spectral and Photometric Imaging Receiver ( Spire ) , one of the three scientific instruments that is providing the telescope 's " eyes " .
These three detectors allow Herschel to see far - infrared and sub-millimetre ( radio ) wavelengths of light , allowing it to peer through clouds of dust and gas and to see stars as they are born .
This capability also enables Herschel to look deep into space , to look at galaxies that thrived when the Universe was roughly a half to a fifth of its present age .
This is a period in cosmic history when it is thought star formation was at its most prolific .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Professor Swinyard explained that by looking at " young galaxies " , Herschel would be able to reveal some of the history of star formation .
He said that the thousands of galaxies the telescope had detected would enable researchers to test models of galaxy formation , and to uncover the chemical processes that make stardust .
One of the pictures shows that the vacuum of space is actually full of stardust .
Astronomers will continue to study the images , which have already shown that the mechanisms of the cosmos may be more diverse and complex than current theory suggests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a recruiting tool for a worker uprising , Undercover Boss is first - rate : Who , numbed after hours of watching the Super Bowl , would not want to put Waste Management COO Larry O’Donnell ’s head in one of the toilets he cleaned out ?
The post - Super Bowl , huge - audience time period is usually used by a network to launch a new sitcom or drama .
This year , we got a literally crappy reality show about highly - paid executives who deign to take off their expensive suits , tell their assistants to hold their BlackBerrys , and spend a week doing some of the work of their vastly lesser - paid employees .
Wow : not fun , for either the pampered exec or for us as consumers of entertainment .
In its premiere , Undercover Boss informed us that O’Donnell is the head of “ a $ 13 billion - dollar business , ” and early on we saw footage of the honcho and his family golfing and water - skiing .
Then O’Donnell donned a Waste Management jumpsuit ; the cover-story for the camera crew accompanying him was that WM employees were told this was a “ documentary [ about ] someone trying out for entry - level jobs . ”
Pretty soon , O’Donnell was shown vacuuming out portable toilets at an amusement park ; picking up trash on a windy day ( the night ’s true hero , Walter , fired O’Donnell for not being fast enough ) ; and working on a recycling assembly line with a nice woman who had to gobble her lunch down in a 30 - minute break and race to clock in after her meal , lest she be docked in her wages .
In other words , O’Donnell mingled with people like us , or with those of us who ’ve had similarly non-executive , work - with - your - hands jobs over the years .
To O’Donnell , however , these ordinary experiences were painful ( “ My back hurts ” ) and revelatory :
Why , he had no idea that his lofty office ’s demand to increase productivity would result in poor Sandy having to scurry to a time clock like a rat chasing her cheese !
O’Donnell was shocked — shocked ! — that a woman working on one of WM ’s pick - up trucks has to “ pee in a can ” so she can meet her daily average of 300 homes a day !
When his week of back - twinging revelations was complete , O’Donnell could n’t wait to get back into his necktie and cufflinks fast enough to deliver Undercover Boss ‘ feel - good pay - off .
He summoned his lowly employees to his office and promised various raises and improvements , as well as the establishment of a ( groan ) “ task force ” here and there to make sure life improves for his employees .
The latter were shown to be grateful and humble ( who would n’t with cameras rolling and the boss doling out praise and money ? ) .
They deserved what he gave them … but so , it would seem from this hour , do an awful lot of other workers at the company who O’Donnell did n’t spend time with .
You know who I felt the worst for ?
Kevin , the poor middle - management guy O’Donnell hauled in to grill about Sandy ’s time - card - punching angst .
That guy gets it coming and going :
His employees resent him for implementing O’Donnell ’s rules , then O’Donnell comes along and busts his chops .
I want to see a Frontline documentary about poor Kevin… .
And of course you wonder :
How many thousands of other Waste Management workers will ever benefit from the Undercover Boss treatment ?
I ’d love to hear about the trickle - down effect of what amounts to O’Donnell ’s CBS - organized publicity stunt .
Hey , I ’m no commie — I believe in a capitalist system that rewards hard work and enterprise with whatever profit someone can make .
But this was one of the worst arguments for capitalism since Upton Sinclair ’s 1906 novel The Jungle .
No matter how nice a man O’Donnell may or may not be off - camera , on Boss he came off as clueless about the policies of his own company .
That ’s a guy who should be rewarded with a big salary and minions who nod in meetings at his every banality ?
animania.net.au
This domain name is registered and parked
with PixelDesigns .
I was in Minneapolis this weekend , but the drive there and back is hella long , and even though some of the roads were really bumpy , the sket ...
Do n't do this on an expensive bike – it's almost impossible to get anything like a professional finish doing it at home .
But it 's a cheap and cheerful way of tarting up a shabby metal ( not carbon fibre ) frame .
First , clean and degrease any areas you plan to repaint .
Dry thoroughly when finished .
Then , using a small piece of wire wool , rub down the areas to be repainted until you see the shiny metal beneath the old paint .
Soak an old rag in paint thinner and clean the spots again , wiping dry with another old rag when done .
Using a small paintbrush , sparingly apply paint to the damaged areas .
Leave to dry for 24 hours and then repeat if necessary .
Back in the saddle : how to spruce up a boring bike
There are plenty of cheap ways to give an old bike a facelift .
These are especially useful if you are trying to convince a younger child to graciously inherit an older sibling 's bike .
Switch enough of the components and respray the frame and you might just have them fooled .
• Replace the handlebar grips , saddle and / or pedals .
All are straightforward jobs , just remember to put the pedals on the correct side .
Most , helpfully , are marked left and right .
You unscrew a left - hand pedal clockwise ( bear in mind this will feel wrong ) , and a right - hand pedal anticlockwise .
When fitting new items , apply a little bike grease beforehand or else you 'll have a nightmare getting them off later .
Wellgo makes fun pedals ( wellgo.com.tw ) ; Charge makes good saddles ( chargebikes.com ) .
• Replace boring black tyres with colourful ones , such as those made by Halo ( harobikes.com ) .
• Cover scratches with stickers – some bike shops give them away for free with other purchases .
• Replace old chains , cranks , hubs and chainrings with new ones – the brighter the better .
Look out for BMX brands such as Gusset ( gussetbikes.com ) .
Fitting these parts is really a job for a pro , but bike shops may do it for free if you buy bits from them .
• Repaint the frame .
You 'll struggle to get it looking as good as professional spray job , but if you sand the frame down first with wire wool and take off or tape up any bits you do n't want painting , it should improve matters .
• A cheap way of customising a child 's bike is to decorate the spokes with Spokey Dokeys , those little plastic widgets beloved of 80s children , or by slotting in laminated cards between the spokes .
Until recently , the United States had become complacent about terrorism .
The general view was that al Qaeda was on the run and Islamic terrorism was a receding threat .
We now know better .
A string of attacks by Islamic terrorists — an officer murdering his fellow soldiers at a U.S. army base , a passenger 's attempted bombing on a Detroit - bound airplane , and a double agent 's suicide bombing a CIA base in Afghanistan — reveals the continuing and growing danger of Islamic terrorism .
Hostility to the U.S. appears to be increasing ...
Jose Saramago , the great Portuguese writer and winner of Nobel Prize for literature , visited Ramallah last week ( 24.3 ) , days before the present Israeli re-invasion .
He came with a delegation of the International Parliament of Writers ( IPW ) , together with Russell Banks ( USA ) , Wole Soyinka ( Nigeria ) , Breyten Breytenbach ( South Africa ) , Bei Dao ( China ) , Juan Goytisolo ( Spain ) , Vincenzo Consolo ( Italy ) , and Christian Salmon ( IPW Executive Director ) .
The IPW also runs an appeal for peace in Palestine , where " the entry points to villages have been walled over , civilian population movement is paralysed , ghettos and reservations are created , where only tanks patrol and helicopters over - fly the area on a permanent basis " .
While in Ramallah , Saramago took the ghettos - and - reservations analogy a step too far and compared it with Auschwitz and Buchenwald , the Nazi death camps .
Later , IPW distanced itself from Saramago 's words .
Saramago 's comparison has done it : at last , Israel had its desired spin .
No one asked what Saramago had seen to make him use such an appalling analogy .
Ramallah was forgotten immediately , only Auschwitz was left .
The entire liberal intellectual main - stream – from playwright Yehoshua Sobol to rhinocerised Ha'aretz journalist Ari Shavit – did its best to attack and discredit Saramago .
How vociferous can one be when shouting consensus slogans .
And how quiet can one be when a critical word is required .
Of Israel 's countless writers and poets , of the entire glorious literary milieu , only six persons bothered to sign the IPW appeal , long before Saramago 's words .
One of the six is an Israeli Arab ( translator and writer Mohamad Ghanayem ) , three are Israeli Jews of oriental origin ( writer Shimon Ballas , children 's books writer Ronit Chacham , poet Sami Shalom - Chetrit ) , and of European origin we have poet Yizchak Laor and playwright Matti Meged .
Have you ever heard of them ?
Probably not .
But you probably did hear of Amos Oz , A.B. Yehoshua and their ilk .
Now you know why .
They did not sign the appeal .
But they would be more than happy to attack Saramago , I am sure .
The Auschwitz Logic S o this is the Auschwitz logic in a nutshell .
Ramallah is not Auschwitz .
Israel is not the Third Reich .
We have no death - camps and we have n't massacred one third of the Palestinian population in gas chambers .
Therefore , everything we do is quite all right .
We may fill the occupied territories with tear gas and blood , we may kill and injure and torture and blackmail and dispossess , we may surround millions by electric fences and tanks in tiny enclaves , we may hold them under siege and daily bombing , we may make pregnant women walk to hospitals , and we shoot ambulances too , do n't we .
But as long as we fall even an inch short of the atrocities of Nazi Germany , it 's all fine and good , and do n't you dare make the comparison .
People sometimes say that the Better is the greatest foe of the Good .
Israel is now demonstrating how the Greater Evil is Evil 's best friend .
And many thanks to Adolf Hitler , for setting such insurmountable standards .
The Save - Arafat Logic A recent subset of the Auschwitz logic .
Europe is warning Israel : do n't kill Arafat .
The United States is soothing : Israel has pledged not to kill Arafat .
How magnanimous of Sharon .
He can bomb ambulances and raid hospitals , shoot journalists and cut water supply to entire towns , but as long as he does n't touch Arafat , it 's all right .
In return for Israel 's pledge not to kill Arafat , the world has given him a carte blanche to kill all other Palestinians .
Sharon could n't ever ask for more .
So , We Are Not Nazis B ut here is a minimal actual sample of what we are doing : * March 30th .
LAW ( The Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights and the Environment ) .
This morning , five Palestinian officers ( Khaled Awad ( 33 ) , Ismail Zaid ( 56 ) , Said Abdelrahman ( 60 ) , Abdelrahman Abdallah ( 58 ) , and Omar Musa ( 54 ) ) have been found dead in an office building in Ramallah .
Last night , Israeli forces had surrounded the building and prevented anyone from entering .
The five bodies were found in one room , lying next to each other .
They were injured in their faces and killed by gunshots in the head .
LAW 's assessment suggests that these five have been executed .
* March 30th .
Excerpts from an Appeal for Help from Besieged Ramallah .
" As we write this , there are US - made Apache attack helicopters overhead firing on the city .
Israeli bulldozers are creating permanent positions for the tanks in and around private houses .
Some of us have had experience in other sieges , in Sarajevo , Dili , and elsewhere .
There is a familiar pattern of emergency rapidly developing .
This is the beginning of a humanitarian crisis .
Immediate intervention is required to prevent a disaster .
" No Movement Possible : Inhabitants of the city are under complete curfew .
There is no medical access .
Palestine Red Crescent medical relief workers have not been permitted to provide medical services to the local population .
Israeli forces are firing on anyone walking out on the streets .
" On Thursday , based on fears of an Israeli re-invasion , more than 500 inhabitants lined up in the mud and rain at the Qalandiya checkpoint – the only exit point from the city allowed by Israel – begging Israeli soldiers to allow them to escape .
In response , Israeli soldiers fired over their heads , exacerbating the panic and causing most to simply return to Ramallah .
" Israeli Forces Using Human Shields : Israeli soldiers are occupying an increasing number of private residences and detaining the residents collectively in single rooms .
Meanwhile , Israeli occupation soldiers have taken up armed positions in the houses or apartments of these residents .
" Food Resources Limited :
There is no food entering Ramallah and no one is allowed to restock .
There will shortly be a food and drinking water crisis .
Some parts of Ramallah are already without water altogether .
Israeli soldiers are also eating the food of residents while taking up positions in their houses .
" Electricity Being Cut : Large parts of Ramallah are without electricity and heat .
The lack of electricity also means that residents are without television and any news reporting of the situation outside their homes .
Many residents of the city rely on cellular phones for communication and without electricity they are unable to recharge their phones .
Therefore , the population is being held in isolation and there is increasing fear and confusion .
Also , some telephone landlines have been cut .
" Prisoners Being Taken : Israeli troops are calling upon all male residents between the ages of 16 and 40 in some neighbourhoods to ' surrender ' .
The wounded are being treated roughly and being denied medical access .
Now , their fate is unknown .
San Francisco Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual & Transgender Discrimination Lawyers
We help put the ‘ fair ’ back in ‘ fair fight ’
There are a variety of civil rights and equal protection laws in the U.S. that promote fair treatment and equal opportunity for every citizen , regardless of gender , race , age or disability .
More than most other states , California has expanded upon those laws to include sexual orientation and gender identity .
While most of us are familiar with the EEOC ( Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ) and employment non-discrimination , there are other federal , state , and local laws that you may not have heard of but which you can use to challenge discrimination in employment , housing or services .
There are other laws to address violence toward lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people .
These LGBT laws and California - specific employment laws include :
Contact LGBT Rights Lawyers
At the Dolan Law Firm
I am proud to have championed the rights of LGBT persons .
I have assisted courageous clients in safeguarding their rights and ending discriminatory policies and practices by the government , professional associations , hospitals and employers .
My clients have shared with me the pain and emotional turmoil they have suffered from being marginalized and treated unfairly because of their gender identity .
– Chris Dolan
If you have been the object of discrimination , the fact that a law exists to protect you is only the beginning .
You must be vigilant about protecting your rights both in the places where they have been violated and in court .
At The Dolan Law Firm , we are dedicated to giving LGBT people that enforcement power .
Please contact us for a free case evaluation .
Children with the highest average intakes of the four nutrients were found to have significantly lower risks of atopic dermatitis , than children with the lowest average intakes , according to findings published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ .
Researchers from Kyung Hee University in Seoul used both data on intakes of vitamin and minerals , and corresponding biomarkers , in relation to atopic dermatitis , the first time such an approach had been used .
Atopic dermatitis ( AD ) , characterised by areas of severe itching , redness and scaling , is one of the first signs of allergy during the early days of life and is said to be due to delayed development of the immune system .
According to the American Academy of Dermatologists it affects between 10 to 20 per cent of all infants , but almost half of these kids will ' grow out ' of eczema between the ages of five and 15 .
Study details ​
The Seoul - based scientists recruited 180 five - year olds with AD , and 242 five - year olds without AD and assessed their diets using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire ( FFQ ) .
Blood samples were also taken after a period of fasting to determine levels of fat - soluble vitamins , like retinol , alpha - tocopherol ( a form of vitamin E ) , and beta - carotene , and vitamin C .
Results showed that the risk of AD was 56 per cent lower in children with the highest average intakes of beta - carotene , compared to the lowest .
Moreover , dietary vitamin E , folic acid , and iron were associated with 67 , 63 , and 61 per cent reductions in AD risk , added the researchers .
The dietary intake data was also matched by data from the blood samples , with the highest average levels of alpha - tocopherol associated with a 36 per cent lower risk of AD , while retinol was associated with a 26 per cent lower risk .
“ These findings suggest that higher antioxidant nutritional status reduces the risk of AD and that such risk - reduction effects depend on nutrient type , ” ​ wrote the researchers .
Benefits are skin deep ​
Commenting on the possible mechanism , the researchers note that reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) from environmental pollution and the sun may promote oxidative damage to proteins in the outermost layer of the skin ( stratum corneum ) , which would exacerbate AD .
“ Antioxidant nutrients have been proposed to counteract oxidative stress and inhibit the inflammatory response and are known to be possibly associated with the ability of the individual to restrain the inflammatory response and allergic diseases , ” ​ they added .
The subject of antioxidants and health will be discussed in more detail at the upcoming conference , NutraIngredients Antioxidants 2010 : Science , Testing and Regulation​ .
For more information about the conference , please click here​ .
Source : European Journal of Clinical Nutrition ​
Published online ahead of print , doi:10.1038/ejcn.2009.148
“ Antioxidant nutrient intakes and corresponding biomarkers associated with the risk of atopic dermatitis in young children ” ​
Authors : S-Y Oh , J Chung , M- K Kim , S O Kwon , B - H Cho
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Reader response : ​
As you reported , the authors said that their findings " suggest that higher antioxidant nutritional status reduces the risk of AD​ " .
However , this was an observational study , not an intervention trial .
The authors simply looked at dietary intakes ( by the fairly inaccurate method of a food frequency questionnaire ) and blood levels of nutrients in children with and without AD .
Just because they found a difference in intakes / status does not imply that there was a causal relationship between specific nutrients and the risk of AD .
Another explanation for the results could be that children with AD ate poorer diets , perhaps due to fussiness or parental concerns about allergy .
It might be that children with AD avoided some types of fruit or vegetables because these were perceived by parents to exacerbate their condition .
This would have impacted on intakes of beta - carotene , vitamin E and folic acid .
Lower meat intakes would have impacted on iron intake and status .
I think that implying a causal relationship from this type of study is unwarranted – we would need a placebo - controlled intervention trial to work out whether or not these nutrients are helpful for AD .
I ’m sure this would explain things better to non-scientist readers who probably think we can translate observational studies straight into nutrition policy !
Carrie Ruxton PhD , RD
Nutrition Communications
well ... nice and very short game ... but ... the one thing what i dont like is ... the russian song in the start ... i am from Russia .. and ... i dont like it that this russian song using for fun game .. :/
Last night at 06:34 UTC , a huge earthquake struck on the coast of Chile , with a reported magnitude of a numbing 8.8 -- making it one of the largest earthquakes recorded on Earth since 1900 .
A tsunami warning has been issued for the entire Pacific ocean .
This is no joke ; the tsunami gauges in the deep ocean have registered a wave spreading from the quake .
I do n't know how big the amplitude is , but there have been confirmed reports of waves a meter high in Chile .
That may not sound like much , but water weighs a ton per cubic meter / yard , so a wave that high has a lot of destructive power .
The tsunami should hit Hawaii around 11:05 local time , and it's not clear at all how big it will be .
In 1960 , a larger earthquake happened off Chile and a tsunami hit Hilo , Hawaii causing quite a bit of damage .
If you live anywhere near a Pacific coast , please check the local news and the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center .
Also , a live stream of news from Hawaii is on HawaiiTsunami.com .
I 've been listening and the coverage is pretty good .
If you live in Hawaii , now might be a good time to check out that higher ground you hear so much about .
At the very least , stay away from the beaches !
People are already starting to evacuate the coasts , so if you choose to get out , the earlier you get moving , the better .
Traffic is bound to get snarled .
Please please please do n't panic .
Stay calm , and keep focused .
It 's unclear if this will be a big wave or not .
But if you 're in Hawaii you should consider moving to higher ground .
Here is a map by the NOAA of the modeled energy wave expected from the earthquake :
It 's unclear to me just how big a wave this means in terms of real height ( it 's a model , not an actual measurement ) , but it should bring home that you should take this seriously .
I 'll note that the magnitude scale does n't translate perfectly to energy released , but roughly speaking an 8.8 quake releases the energy equivalent of 20 billion tons of TNT , or 400 time the largest nuclear weapon ever detonated ( Tsar Bomba , a 50 megaton test done by the USSR in 1961 ) .
If the measurement hold up , this will be the fifth or sixth strongest earthquake recorded since 1900 .
The strongest ever recorded , in 1977 1960 , was magnitude 9.5 , also in Chile -- the one that caused the tsunami in Hilo .
Thanks to Sean Carroll for the link to the energy map .
Note also , in this post I referred to the Richter scale , which is no longer used .
I corrected that .
R05 . The Rules of Psychic Warfare .
Psychic Warfare and the Law .
There are no man made rules .
Anyone wishing to indulge in psychic warfare must have expertise in psychic self defence .
Your enemies will undoubtedly try to knock you down and put you in your place .
Psychic warfare is not subject to the Geneva Convention .
In countries where there is a Witchcraft or Blasphemy Act , the first thing one has to defend oneself against is the Law .
In countries that have intelligence agencies ( most ) , it is necessary to defend oneself against those agencies , or if one is a member of one then to defend oneself against rival agencies .
When foreign intelligence agencies are antagonistic to one 's friends and allies , one must defend against them .
Mail tappers must do so in telepathic silence , otherwise they give themselves away .
If they are not sufficiently responsible for their actions , they will let out telepathic howls of rage or distress .
It is near impossible to prove in a court of law what an enemy did .
It is equally near impossible for the enemy to prove that you beat him up .
Secret Service organisations do not like biting people who can bite back .
Sending responsibility and enlightenment to an enemy is a weapon of war .
This is Remote Psychotherapy .
The only law which applies is the Law of Karma .
To avoid the Law of Karma taking negative effect one oneself , it is necessary to follow the following rules .
Take full responsibility for one 's actions at all times .
Do not do to others what one is not prepared to do to oneself .
Do not command others to do what one is not prepared to do oneself .
Only take action against those who send telepathic malice or seek to control you or your friends and allies in a negative fashion .
There are more of these than one might think .
Under the Laws of Karma , it is all right for others to do to you , what you have done to other people , or would like to do to them in the future .
Cancel out this Karmic weakness with personal responsibility .
Sending responsibility and enlightenment to anyone sending one malice does terrible things to them .
It causes them to retrieve their soul from which ever satan , devil , intelligence agency , religion or organisation they have sold their soul to .
This in turn causes the enemy to have to face up to and take responsibility for his actions .
Sending responsibility and enlightenment can not harm his body or spirit , but will reorganise his mind which is a parasite anyway .
In any psychic battle between 2 people , the greatest responsibility taker usually wins .
Responsibility is far more important than enlightenment and spirituality , regardless of what gurus may say .
Responsibility cannot override logic .
There is less logic around than people think .
Responsibility can override cabalistic and masonic magic , bio-mind magic and that of the ex-KGB .
Anyone remote viewing a higher responsibility taker than themselves must come in peace and go in peace .
Any other attitude will be taken as a black magic attack and invoke retaliation .
Before anyone can do anything against one 's interests , they must justify that action .
If one removes the malice of a person , one will remove the justifications regardless of whether they are a burglar or a judge , and make them incapable of performing that action .
Malice works in chains .
Be prepared to be charitable to enemies .
Use intuition to see who is riding their back , and who is riding the back of the second party , etc .
When anyone projects telepathic malice at anyone else , they lower their defences .
This allows the target , if he is a greater responsibility taker , to get in underneath to neutralise the malice .
This also allows a bit of remote viewing of the enemy and his friends at the same time .
Never worry about the fate of an enemy .
If he was great enough to be able to send telepathic malice at you , then he should be great enough to repair the damage you have caused .
He will become more responsible and enlightened in the process .
Every organisation , intelligence agency and religion is made up of individual people .
In any battle , the only excuse for stopping in the middle is to repair one 's own responsibility level .
Otherwise hold your water and carry on regardless of what the enemy may throw at you .
When expecting trouble , link into as many allies and friendly intelligence agencies as possible to share the load .
" e ; My enemy 's enemy is my friend until tomorrow morning " e ; .
Re-evaluate who are allies and who are enemies every day .
Always support the lesser of 2 evils .
A little understanding of the enemy or target can save a lot of hard work .
Try to understand the way he thinks and his objectives .
For useful background reading , try the book The Prince by Machiavelli .
There is a link on this site .
Following the above rules cannot hurt either a body or a spirit .
It is minds which get reorganised and anyway these are parasites .
The short answer to this is do not , as active operators in this field need psychiatric attention after 12 months due the Laws of Karma .
Repair one 's own personal responsibility after any attempt at remote influencing .
The hard way is only way of finding what one can get away with .
Sending telepathic messages stating the obvious , like " You have been found out " , should be OK .
Asking questions of the target and getting replies should be OK .
One is more likely to be recognised by the target if one uses remote influencing .
If the target recognises any thought implanted as being of alien origin , he will retaliate .
The only way of bypassing the Laws of Karma is to repair one 's own personal responsibility after each attempt .
There is one very good reason for using positive remote psychotherapy .
Guardian Angels ( Spirit ) will regard your activity a beneficial in getting rid of parasites ( minds ) .
They will come back for more .
This is regardless of how much brains , bodies and their bosses detest your activity .
In a telepathic society ( as most ETs ) , everyone knows what everyone else is thinking and going to do .
Thus there can be no crime , but very little free will either .
Once one gets on the Telepathic Net , one has to fight for free will .
In cases of alleged poltergeists , look for a human epicentre first .
When dealing with pure spirit entities , the battle is far more intense and far shorter .
Spirit entities do not have a brain to give them inertia .
They are likely to thank you for dealing with their parasites .
Suspect unfinished business .
ETs are somewhere between humans and spirits in the intensity and duration of battle .
The greatest responsibility taker around is usually assigned the title of God on the Telepathic Net .
One hazard is that human targets may decide that you are a God worth worshipping , which is a form of vampirism .
If worshippers appear , then use Worshippers or Vampires as the next target .
The God of Psychic Warfare to release man from his chains , is the Viking God Thor .
If everyone works for the benefit of man , there can be no losers .
© Edmund Meadows , as part of the Viking Spiritual Remote Viewing ( first Internet edition ) , ISBN No 0 9524450 50 , July 2001 .
© Edmund Meadows , as part of Viking Remote Viewing ( Fifth Internet edition ) .
ISBN No 0 9524450 42 , May 1999 .
I think the pictures speak for themselves … wow !
Few notes :
Both test images were shot on Kodak TMAX 100 at box speed .
The first test scene was very extreme …
Zone 3 on the lower cabinets and the outside snow was Zone 14 .
The detail images are amazing and I really like how the grain is rendered .
In the second test scene I chose something that had a more “ normal ” range … deep shadows on the far right bush are Zone 3 and the lightest snow fell on a solid Zone 8 … it was snowing during the test shots which is normal for Vermont this time of year , you can see the texture the falling snow makes in the background … the range is quite impressive and very easy to work with .
Both scans were straight scans ( Imacon ) with no sharpening and no noise reduction applied .
In Photoshop my standard contrast adjustments were made with little to no effort .
In both cases I had more than enough shadow information and a simple “ S ” curve did the trick … much like I would do with Diafine processed negatives .
When I compare these negative to the Fuji Acros negatives I find the Acros is a bit softer and the highlights tend to get very dense whereas the Kodak Tmax 100 negatives are a bit thinner looking but have full shadow detail and very controlled highlight density .
The grain on the Tmax 100 in my opinion is a bit sharper than the Acros but both look really nice .
Both test images were shot on my 1960 Rollei TLR “ F ” ( 120 ) .
The first test image was at F5.6 at 1/4 sec and the second image was F11 at 1/30th .
How ’s that for a great way to start the New Year !
Caffenol C Note :
I am working on a new book which will outline the technique I use for processing with Caffenol C and also give a starting direction for scanning and Photoshop adjustments to these negatives .
I hope to finish sometime this winter so stay tuned .
Over the holidays , Steam gave gamers quite the present : an ongoing series of sales with big - name games running as low as $ 2.50 .
It was hard to resist many of the deals , and many of us snapped up a large variety of games across a series of platforms .
Bioshock for $ 5 ?
Killing Floor for $ 5 ?
Burnout Paradise for under $ 10 ?
Who could say no ?
With all those games flooding into all those computers though , the flaws of Steam have never been more apparent ;
Valve may be the leader in digital distribution for PC games , but things are far from perfect .
We have some thoughts on how to make a good thing great , and we hope someone , somewhere is listening .
Get rid of the third - party DRM
Steam is its own DRM .
Gamers need to be logged in to play their games , and Offline mode requires games be fully updated to play without an Internet connection .
Steam is a good thing for gamers and publishers because it represents a powerful anti-piracy tool that gamers are more than willing to put up with in order to enjoy the convenience of the service .
The problem is that many games on the service still use third - party DRM solutions like SecuROM .
For many gamers , the use of these technologies is enough to sour a purchase ; and there is no reason to add another layer of protection — especially using such a contentious program — when piracy of Steam games is such a nonissue .
The best thing we can say about this practice is that the use of SecuROM is disclosed , but that 's cold comfort to gamers trying to keep the program off their system .
Use Steam for multiplayer
Borderlands used GameSpy , Red Faction : Guerilla requires a Games for Windows account , and Burnout Paradise forces you to sign up for an account with EA before you can play online .
These are just three examples I ran into over the weekend , but it 's common to buy a game on Steam and find yourself filling out online forms to access parts of the game .
Steam 's online play and social networking options work just fine , thank you .
Anything else is an annoyance .
Buying a game on a service that already works well and meets your needs , and then finding out you have to use something inferior within the game , is n't an optimal experience .
Increase the amount of available bandwidth
Valve knew that these sales were going to cause massive spikes in traffic , but downloads were still achingly slow at times last week .
Worse , many people found servers that simply were n't available .
You could help this problem by changing your location in your Steam options and downloading from different sites , but that 's a workaround , not a solution .
Steam is only convenient when it does n't take all night to download and install your game .
Putting gamers in a position to wait for hours for their games to download or getting server errors due to overload kills one of the major draws of the service .
Worse , this happens nearly every time there is a big release .
Being a victim of your own popularity may be a nice problem to have , but it 's still a problem .
Allow us to sell our games
This is n't a problem unique to Steam , but since Valve offers a closed service with a variety of publishers on board , it can attempt to be part of the solution .
Once you a buy a game on Steam you can't resell it and you can't return it .
It 's yours , tied to your account and locked down until the end of time .
During our premier chat with Brad Wardell of Stardock , he laid out a plan to make reselling PC games profitable for the publishers as well as gamers .
" If a user knows that when they 're done playing their $ 50 game that they 'll be able to resell it to someone else , they 're more likely to buy the game in the first place , " he told Ars .
" So instead of going to Gamestop with that $ 50 game , selling it to them for $ 10 and having them resell it for $ 20 , you 'd sell it through some sort of virtual market place where you could sell it for $ 20 — cutting out the retailer — and the original publisher makes money and the license transfer service takes a nominal fee . "
Will this happen ?
Of course not .
Publishers love digital distribution because it does n't allow a secondary market for games .
This sort of idea may fly with console games where publishers would happily run towards a solution that gives them some payment instead of the current system where they 're locked out of earnings , but there is almost no reason to move from a perfectly closed system to a more open one from a business perspective .
Still , we can dream .
That 's not all !
We asked our readers how they 'd improve Steam , and the responses were many : Mac support and a more attractive and leaner front - end were popular suggestions , but the issues we 've raised in this post were the big ones .
Locking content down by region was another popular gripe .
The problem is that most of these problems have little to do with Steam and much to do with what publishers will allow .
It 's a hard sell to get the companies behind these games to remove existing DRM or to forgo their own in - house solutions for social networking or online play .
Still , the more games we buy through Steam , the more annoying these things become ... and we can dream , ca n't we ?
Teamwork between gamma-ray and radio astronomers has produced a breakthrough in finding natural cosmic tools needed to make the first direct detections of the long - elusive gravitational waves predicted by Albert Einstein nearly a century ago .
An orbiting gamma-ray telescope has pointed radio astronomers to specific locations in the sky where they can discover new millisecond pulsars .
Millisecond pulsars , rapidly - spinning superdense neutron stars , can serve as extremely precise and stable natural clocks .
Astronomers hope to detect gravitational waves by measuring tiny changes in the pulsars ' rotation caused by the passage of the gravitational waves .
To do this , they need a multitude of millisecond pulsars dispersed widely throughout the sky .
However , nearly three decades after the discovery of the first millisecond pulsar , only about 150 of them had been found , some 90 of those clumped tightly in globular star clusters and thus unusable for detecting gravitational waves .
The problem was that millisecond pulsars could only be discovered through arduous , computing - intensive searches of small portions of sky .
" We 've probably found far less than one percent of the millisecond pulsars in the Milky Way Galaxy , " said Scott Ransom of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory ( NRAO ) .
The breakthrough came when an instrument aboard NASA 's Fermi Gamma - Ray Space Telescope began surveying the sky in 2008 .
This instrument located hundreds of gamma-ray - emitting objects throughout our Galaxy , and astronomers suspected many of these could be millisecond pulsars .
Paul Ray of the Naval Research Laboratory initiated an international collaboration to use radio telescopes to confirm the identity of these objects as millisecond pulsars .
" The data from Fermi were like a buried - treasure map , " Ransom said .
" Using our radio telescopes to study the objects located by Fermi , we found 17 millisecond pulsars in three months .
Large - scale searches had taken 10 - 15 years to find that many , " Ransom exclaimed .
" Fermi showed us where to look . "
" This is a huge help in our effort to use millisecond pulsars to detect gravitational waves , " Ransom said .
The more such pulsars scientists can find and observe over time , the more likely they are to detect gravitational waves , he explained .
He said that astronomers now have barely enough millisecond pulsars to make a convincing gravitational - wave detection .
advertisement
" With Fermi guiding the way , though , we can change that picture quickly , " Ray said .
" We 've just started to follow up on the objects located by Fermi , and have many more to go , with a great success rate so far , " he added .
Ransom , along with his colleague Mallory Roberts of Eureka Scientific , used the National Science Foundation 's Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope ( GBT ) to find eight of the 17 new pulsars .
The scientists announced their discoveries at the American Astronomical Society 's meeting in Washington , DC .
Pulsars are neutron stars -- the dense cores left after a massive star has exploded as a supernova .
About as large as a medium - sized city , these neutron stars have strong magnetic fields that channel lighthouse - like beams of radio waves that sweep through space as the star rotates .
When such a beam strikes the Earth , radio telescopes can detect the strong radio waves .
As they age , pulsars slow their rotation rates .
However , if the pulsar is part of a binary - star system and can draw in material from its companion , its rotation can be sped up .
When the neutron star has been sped up to rotate hundreds of times a second , it is called a millisecond pulsar .
In addition to helping scientists detect gravitational waves , study of millisecond pulars also can yield important new information about other effects of General Relativity and about fundamental particle physics .
" This new ability to find many more millisecond pulsars really is a treasure chest that can yield many valuable gems of scientific discovery , " Ransom said .
PyCharm 1.0 Roadmap Uncovered
Posted on by
Have you tried JetBrains Python IDE already ?
Then , you are probably interested what will be in PyCharm 1.0 .
Many are interested .
So , here is our current vision .
The focus of PyCharm development leading to the 1.0 release will be less on major new features and more on ensuring that the existing functionality works great in different kinds of projects .
However , there are a number of features that will definitely be added before the 1.0 release .
They are :
Integrated REPL with syntax highlighting and code completion
Improved type system ( tracking of method return types , tracking of collection content types )
IronPython support
Google App Engine support
Highlighting of unused import statements and Optimize Imports
Whole - project completion ( completion of not imported classes and functions , with automatic addition of import statements )
More Python code inspections ( e.g. pylint / pyflakes )
There are also some things we are considering , such as
Bundling Mercurial VCS support .
It is now available as a third - party plugin
Support for additional template languages ( Genshi , Mako )
Support for completion and resolve of .NET types in IronPython projects
Syntax highlighting , code completion and test runner for doctests
If you think some of these are really important for your work , add requests to PyCharm issue tracker .
Of find an existing one and vote for it .
This is our current vision but it may change as time goes .
You can influence changes as well — try PyCharm Early Access version , share your thoughts on PyCharm forum and vote for issues in PyCharm bug tracker .
The PyCharm roadmap is available at http://confluence.jetbrains.net/display/PYH/PyCharm+1.0+Roadmap and you can watch this page for changes .
Develop with pleasure !
JetBrains Team
The merger between Live Nation and Ticketmaster merger just received official approval from the U.S. Department of Justice .
The merger is expected to close immediately , CNBC's David Faber reports .
Update : Under terms accepted by Ticketmaster and Live Nation in their merger , the U.S. Department of Justice required that Ticketmaster sell Paciolan , its ticketing and software services unit , to Comcast 's sports and entertainment firm or " another buyer suitable to the department . "
Ticketmaster must also license its software to Anschutz Entertainment Group ( AEG ) , the company ’s largest customer .
With a copy of the Ticketmaster software , AEG will be able to market an attractive ticketing system to venues , according to the DOJ .
Under the settlement terms , both companies will be able to compete head - to - head with Ticketmaster , according to the DOJ .
Read more details here .
In February , Live Nation , the world ’s largest concert promoter , announced plans to buy Ticketmaster , the leading ticketing group , for about $ 400 million in stock .
After criticism from artists , anti-trust agencies and their competition , the DOJ and other departments across the world investigated the merger .
The news comes a few days after the UK Competition Commission officially cleared the merger .
The CC , an independent public body which conducts in - depth inquiries into mergers , markets and the regulation of the major regulated industries , concluded in its final report that the merger will not result in a substantial lessening of competition in the market for live music ticket retailing or in any other market in the UK .
Click here to review the text of their report .
In the UK , Live Nation promised to pay their competition , Eventim , the full fee for every Live Nation - controlled ticket sold ( excluding sales made in - person at the box office and sales by Eventim ) .
Another day , another story about some cheap , plastic Wii motion control accessory finding an application outside of gaming .
In this case , it 's the balance board , and not only is this device helping stroke victims recover , it 's saving them money , too .
Advertisement
In fact , doctors at the University of Melbourne found that the balance board , normally used for pseudo Yoga or navigating Mii's down a virtual ski slope , was so sensitive it could very well replace traditional laboratory - grade " force platforms " doctors use to assess a patient 's balance .
Advertisement
When doctors disassembled the board , they found the accelerometers and strain gauges to be of " excellent " quality .
" I was shocked given the price : it was an extremely impressive strain gauge set - up , " said lead researcher Ross Clark , in an interview with New Scientist .
Even better , Clark 's team has already published a paper that verifies the Wii balance board is " clinically comparable " to the nearly $ 18,000 lab force platform .
That 's great news for many smaller physio clinics that would otherwise be unable to afford the traditional rig .
[ New Scientist ]
President Umaru Yar 'Adua is being treated for a heart condition Nigeria 's new chief justice has been sworn in in the absence of President Umaru Yar 'Adua , who is in hospital in Saudi Arabia with a heart condition .
A lawyer has told the BBC that the appointment of Aloysius Katsina - Alu is illegal , as only the president has the power to take his oath of office .
Instead , the ceremony was presided over by outgoing Chief Justice Idris Legbo Kutigi , who retires on 31 December .
There have been several calls for Mr Yar 'Adua to resign over his ill - health .
Senior lawyer Bamidele Aturu told the BBC that the constitution makes it clear that the chief justice can only be sworn in by the president .
" This means the legality of the appointment is in question and people can go to court and challenge it , " he said .
But this was denied by Mr Kutigi , who said a law had long been in existence to allow chief justices to swear in their successors .
Panic
The Nigeria Bar Association has called for an independent medical assessment of whether Mr Yar 'Adua is well enough to carry out his duties .
CONSTITUTIONAL JUSTICE ?
The appointment of a person to the office of Chief Justice of Nigeria shall be made by the President on the recommendation of the National Judicial Council subject to confirmation of such appointment by the Senate
Nigeria 's constitution , Chapter VII , Section 231 - ( 1 )
Fears of power vacuum Last week , an opposition politician began legal proceedings to try to force President Yar 'Adua to step down on health grounds .
He has been in Saudi Arabia for more than a month .
The BBC's Caroline Duffield in Lagos says no - one knows who is making decisions and there has been barely concealed panic among officials in Abuja over what to do about the retirement of Nigeria 's most senior judge .
There was talk of flying the new chief justice to the president 's bedside and filming a ceremony .
Instead , officials decided that the outgoing chief justice would perform the president 's job .
They are relying on the Oaths Act , which says that any lawyer can take an oath from anyone else .
But many observers are warning that Nigeria 's constitution is being kicked aside .
Mr Yar 'Adua also failed to appoint his deputy acting president when he left - another constitutional requirement .
Doctors say the president is suffering from acute pericarditis - inflammation of the lining of the heart .
He also has a long - standing kidney complaint .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We all are waiting for the mega event of soccer world cup 2010 .
As we all know that the event will take place in South Africa .
The concerned authority is working pretty hard to make this event successful and remarkable .
They have already started promotional campaigns , building and reconstructing stadiums etc .
They are taking security aspects seriously , so that no worst things happens during the event .
We have to wait one year more , ahhh… its pretty long time .
What if , I show you the stadiums which are gonna use for the world cup 2010 .
They are amazing !!!
Just scroll down and have a look .
1.New Senzangakhona stadium , Durban
Sitting capacity - 70000
2. The Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium
Sitting capacity - 49500
3.Soccer City , Johannesburg
Sitting capacity - 94,700
4. Free State Stadium , Bloemfontein
Sitting capacity - 40000
5.Mbombela Stadium , Nelspruit
Sitting capacity - 40000 +
6.Peter Mokaba Stadium , Polokwane
Sitting capacity - 40000
7.Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace , Rustenburg
Sitting capacity - 40000 +
8.Loftus Versfeld stadium , Pretoria
Sitting capacity – 50000
9.Stadium at Cape Town
Sitting capacity – 70000
10 . Ellis Park , Johannesburg
Sitting capacity - 60,000
source :
The Outdoor Advertising Association has ordered the withdrawal of controversial billboard ad which read " Career women make bad mothers " following an outcry from working mothers .
The ads , which were part of an OAA campaign designed to promote the effectiveness of billboard advertising , started appearing on the side of buses and on an estimated 11,000 billboard sites this week and were due to run for two weeks in total .
However the OAA today ordered them to be immediately replaced with alternative slogans .
These will be " Educashun Is n't Working " and " 1966 .
It Wo n't Happen This Year " , a reference to England 's chances in this summer 's World Cup .
One of more than 450 contributors to the Mumsnet forum , notevenamousie , wrote of the Working Women Make Bad Mothers poster : " The one on the side of a building today felt like a kick in the stomach .
So I am being a decent role model and crying blood , sweat and tears for my girl is bad .
I do n't know what else I can do . "
Another , dittany , added : " Somebody needs a ladder and an aerosol can to sort this out .
Or a lot of someones , a lot of ladders and a lot of aerosol cans .
I just can't imagine what it must be like to be a woman working in companies that are doing stuff like this . "
Justine Roberts , co-founder and managing director of Mumsnet , said : " Mumsnetters thought the campaign to be ill - conceived , crass and stupid and the reaction on Mumsnet was a mixture of annoyance , contempt and despair in fairly equal measure . "
The campaign was devised by veteran creative Garry Lace , from the Beta agency , to show the power of billboard advertising as an alternative to digital advertising .
He was unavailable for comment at the time of publication .
A spokeswoman for the campaign confirmed that posters bearing the slogan were being pulled .
She added that this was due to the " outcry and the publicity over the past couple of days " .
The strategy head of Beta , Sharon Johnson , said : " There has been a misunderstanding with an important mothers ' forum about this campaign which is about sparking a debate .
It is not what the campaign thinks .
But rather than offend people the decision has been taken to replace the posters saying ' Working women make bad mothers ' with other slogans which work just as effectively . "
The Mumsnet website is expected to exert some influence over this year 's general election , with both David Cameron and Gordon Brown taking part in webchats for the service .
In October , Brown was criticised for failing to answer a question about his favourite type of biscuit and a month later Cameron encountered his own problems when a laptop crashed and he endured a barrage of complaints about his failure to respond to all the questions being posted .
In a statement , Cameron said he saw Mumsnet as a good example of the way people can support each other , bypassing government bureaucracies .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Helena Merriman reports on a woman whose experience of sexual assault , while serving in the US Air Force in Afghanistan , turned her into a campaigner for the welfare of service women .
Marti Ribeiro was born into a military family .
Her grandfather and father were both in the Air Force - and all her life she had wanted to join the armed forces .
I put my weapon down and walked away to smoke a cigarette and that was when I was attacked
Marti Ribeiro
After she finished school she joined the Air Force Reserve and a few years later , in March 2003 , she was deployed to Iraq .
While she loved her job as a public affairs specialist , from the time she arrived she was routinely harassed and called Air Force Barbie .
" I had no idea how difficult it would be , " she told the BBC World Service .
" My father , who is a retired military colonel , thought the world of me for joining the military .
WOMEN AT WAR
The conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan are the first in which tens of thousands of women have fought alongside men for prolonged periods .
This week the BBC World Service is taking an in - depth look at women 's stories from the frontline .
" I never saw the personality traits in him that I saw in the military - I never saw what I was getting into . "
In 2006 she was in Afghanistan .
" You 're supposed to carry your weapon at all times in a combat zone , " she said .
" But I put my weapon down and walked away to smoke a cigarette and that was when I was attacked . "
She was then dragged behind some power generators and raped .
" If I had kept my weapon maybe I would have been able to prevent it , " she says .
" But if I had used it I would probably have ended up in jail . "
She went to the authorities but they told her that if she filed a claim , she would be charged with dereliction of duty for leaving her weapon unattended in a combat zone - an offence for which you can be court - martialled .
So she kept quiet and the man who attacked her went unpunished .
" It would be my word over his and they are not going to take my word over his , " she said .
When she returned from Afghanistan , she did not talk to anyone about what happened .
She says she felt it was all her fault .
' Heartbreaking ' phone calls Congressional leaders , who have been holding hearings this month on sexual assault in the armed forces , say that more needs to be done to tackle what recent studies indicate is a widespread problem .
In 2003 , in a survey of female veterans conducted by the University of Iowa , funded by the US Department of Defense , 30 % of the 500 female veterans interviewed reported an attempted or completed rape .
Equally worryingly , the Department of Defense estimated in its 2009 annual report on sexual assault , that around 90 % of rapes in the military are never reported .
Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez , who sits on the Military Personnel Subcommittee , successfully lobbied last year for the development of a Sexual Assault Database to encourage accountability within the Armed Forces .
" There are plenty of phone calls that come into my office of alleged assault of women by our military men , " she says .
" They are heartbreaking .
Some women do n't want to go public with it , some have gone public with it and they 've been drilled out of the military .
" I 'm told that the statistics are that once you have been raped in the military you are most likely to be raped over and over . "
She says that not enough prosecutions are happening and that while the Pentagon is taking it more seriously , big changes still need to be made .
" Why is it that when a woman alleges rape , the outcome shows that the man who supposedly did this was demoted or moved to another unit ?
I want to know why this is happening ! "
Predators Dr Kaye Whitley , Director of the US Department of Defense 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office ( Sapro ) , says it can be very hard for victims to report a sexual assault .
" We do know that being sexually assaulted takes a great human toll on an individual and there are all kinds of barriers to keep people from wanting to come forward , " she says .
More and more commanders are referring these cases to court martial
Dr Kaye Whitley , Sapro
One of these barriers , she explains , is that after someone has reported an assault in the US military : " Their command knows , everyone in the unit knows , and it affects ' unit - readiness ' . "
For this reason there is now a new " restrictive reporting option " so that victims who are afraid of reporting an assault can get the medical care and counselling that they need , without their command having to be notified , and without having to participate in an investigation .
For those who do decide to report a sexual assault , Dr Whitley says the crime is taken seriously .
" We are finding that more and more commanders are referring these cases to court martial , " she says .
" One of the things that one of our leaders recently said is that we want to get so good at prosecuting these guys that if there 's anybody walking around out there that 's a predator , they 'll think that the military is the last place they want to end up .
" So we are working very hard on that , we think we can do better , " she says .
' Cultural change '
The writer Helen Benedict has been looking into sexual violence in the military for a number of years , and has recently written a play on the subject .
She has heard from women whose experiences have ranged from disrespect , to constant sexual harassment , to rape .
" There is a culture that if you report someone , you are seen as a weak soldier who failed to defend yourself , " she says .
But she says this does not mean that women should not be serving in the army .
" It is the men who are committing a crime who have a problem .
The military has to deal with them and not punish women by shutting them out from this career , " she says .
Ms Benedict says that economics may help to bring about the cultural change that she says the army needs .
" The recession means more women are joining the military then ever before .
So as women become less of a minority and rise in the ranks and get more power , hopefully the culture will begin to shift , " she says .
Meanwhile , Marti Ribeiro is now trying to tackle the issue politically .
She is part of the Service Women 's Action Network , which lobbies to improve the welfare of US servicewomen and women veterans .
" This is so that if once my daughter is eligible she turns to me and says ' I want to do what you did , ' I can support her , " she says .
" But if she asked me right now I would say ' No ' . "
You can listen to the BBC World Service series on Women at War on World Update all this week until Thursday 18 February .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister , last night delivered an unusually blunt ­warning to his country that a failure to make peace with the Palestinians would leave either a state with no Jewish ­majority or an " apartheid " regime .
His stark language and the South African analogy might have been unthinkable for a senior Israeli figure only a few years ago and is a rare admission of the gravity of the deadlocked peace process .
There have been no formal negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians in more than a year , but Barak was speaking at a rare joint event with the Palestinian prime minister , Salam Fayyad , as part of an annual national security conference in the Israeli city of Herzliya .
The pair shook hands and both were warmly applauded .
Barak , a former general and Israel 's most decorated soldier , sought to appeal to Israelis on both right and left by saying a peace agreement with the Palestinians was the only way to secure Israel 's future as a " Zionist , Jewish , democratic state " .
" As long as in this territory west of the Jordan river there is only one political entity called Israel it is going to be either non-Jewish , or non-democratic , " Barak said .
" If this bloc of millions of ­Palestinians cannot vote , that will be an apartheid state . "
He described Israel and the Palestinian territories as the historic " land of Israel " to which Israelis had a right .
" We have to demarcate a border within the land of Israel , " he said .
" We have a linkage , we have a right , but the reality of standing on the stage of history in realistic terms requires us to pay attention to ­international constraints . "
Barak is in a delicate political position .
He leads the Labour party , supposedly a centre - left movement , but accepted a position in a rightwing coalition under Binyamin Netanyahu , a decision that split his party .
Though Barak articulates a willingness for peace talks , he represents a government that has defied US and Palestinian calls for a full settlement freeze as a prelude to any negotiations .
He was also defence minister during last year 's Gaza war in which nearly 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed .
The Herzliya conference has echoed Israeli concerns about growing ­international criticism , particularly in the year since Gaza .
Barak himself alluded to the danger that Israel might lose ­legitimacy if no peace deal was forthcoming .
" The pendulum of legitimacy is going to move gradually towards the other pole , " he said .
He acknowledged that Washington was pushing the two sides towards " proximity talks " but said this was " only an initial stage " before any return to full negotiations .
Fayyad , who has a limited political following among Palestinians , called on Israel to stop settlement building in the occupied territories and to halt military incursions in Palestinian cities as a sign of seriousness about negotiations .
" Things have to begin to happen in order to give the suggestion that this occupation is going to end , " he said .
" That Palestinian state is supposed to emerge precisely where settlements are expanding . "
Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian president , has refused to start fresh negotiations with Israel unless settlement construction stops , in line with the 2003 US road map .
Nearly 500,000 Jewish settlers live in east Jerusalem and the West Bank , even though settlements on occupied land are illegal under international law .
" How confident can we all be that once relaunched that political process is going to be able to deliver that which needs to be delivered , the permanent status issues and the key question of ending the ­occupation ? "
Fayyad asked .
Editor 's Note :
The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York .
VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network .
The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process .
We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers .
Brooklyn , New York ( VBS.TV ) -- Colombian tailor Miguel Caballero specializes in making garments that enable the wearer to get shot at point - blank range with nary an injury besides , maybe , a bruised ego .
At - high - risk - of - catching - a- bullet demographics , such as rappers and politicians all over the world , rely on Miguel 's handiwork .
And , lucky me , when I was recently in Bogota for VBS .TV covering a few stories , I had the chance to visit Miguel 's shop , learn about his protective clothing , and get shot in the gut by him .
Seriously .
Upon arriving at Miguel 's warehouse one sunny morning , I received a guided tour from a friendly office assistant .
It all seemed totally benign -- sweet middle aged ladies stitching together jackets and blazers , smiling at me as I walked by .
I could 've been at American Apparel 's Southern California warehouse .
But when I sat down with Miguel and he got into the whole spiel about why he made the type of clothing he did , nervousness started to set in .
Was this guy seriously going to put a thin jacket on me and then shoot me with a real live handgun ?
The man is running a multimillion - dollar international business .
Is he really so confident in his wares that he 's going to risk it all by potentially killing a novice American journalist on camera ?
The answer was yes .
But first he had to finish telling me about himself .
Miguel explained his business model to me , and it was hard to dispute the logic .
The world 's an increasingly dangerous place for political leaders and citizens alike .
Miguel is simply combining the need for safety with the natural desire to look good .
Watch more videos from around the globe on VBS.TV
And judging by his success , I 'm not the only one who gets it .
There were rumors that President Obama wore some of Miguel 's goods during his inauguration .
Plus , look at the automobile industry .
Not long ago , Hummers were the province of soldiers in combat .
Today , they 're a staple of suburban strip malls .
How long until Miguel 's pieces follow suit ?
By this point , Miguel seemed very determined to prove the reliability of his products to me .
I figured it would be somewhat staged : I 'd sign something , be ushered into a safe room , and he'd fire a couple blanks into some military grade flak jacket .
Thanks and good night .
Instead , my new buddy Miguel popped the question mid-interview in his office .
And it was n't really a question .
I believe he said , " Now we 'll do a demonstration with you . "
Not exactly a request .
He stood up from his desk , opened a drawer , and casually pulled out a .38 .
This was happening very fast .
He moved me over to the side of the room , outfitted me with some noise - reducing headphones , and offered me a black suede jacket .
After instructing me to take a deep breath on " 1 " and prepare for a gunshot on " 3 , " he shot me in the gut on " 2 . "
Obviously I lived to tell the tale .
But -- most importantly -- I like to think that I looked damn good doing it .
Saturday , January 25 2020
From Two Step to Tango , and Ballroom to Ballet , try a new dance or refresh your steps at Austin ’s 12th Annual Free Day of Dance !
Thank you Austin for a great turnout !
Free Day of Dance happens once a year but our wonderful sponsors offer classes all year long so check them out !
Cyber attacks cost large enterprises an average of £ 1.4 m a year , according to the Symantec 2010 State of Enterprise Security study .
Every one of more than 2,000 enterprises polled in 27 countries experienced losses related to cyber attacks in 2009 .
These losses translated into monetary costs in 92 % of cases and included the theft of intellectual property and customer credit card information .
It is unusual to get a 100 % response and the mounting financial losses may help to push IT security up the board agenda , said Mike Jones , security specialist at Symantec .
But with continuing financial constraints , these significant costs are more likely to heap pressure on IT security professions to do more with less , he said .
" We are already seeing businesses reviewing their security tools to get the maximum protection at the lowest cost , " said Jones .
This trend of consolidating security tools to get the most value out of investments by ensuring there are no overlaps as well as no gaps , is likely to continue , he said .
Increased awareness of the effects of cyber attacks is shown by the fact that 42 % of enterprises polled rated cyber risk as their top concern .
Three - quarters of respondents said they had been targeted by a cyber attack in the past year , 36 % said the attacks were somewhat or highly effective , and 29 % said the volume of attacks had increased .
Consequently , enterprise IT departments are assigning 120 staff on average to security and compliance , with 84 % rating better IT risk management as a top goal for 2010 .
But enterprises report that understaffing is one of the biggest challenges to ensuring IT security .
New business initiatives using cloud - based services and virtualisation of servers and desktops are the second biggest challenge to achieving IT security , respondents said .
Most organisations ranked IT compliance as the third biggest challenge , with most enterprises using eight separate IT standards or frameworks and exploring up to 11 more .
Organisations must develop and enforce IT policies and automate their compliance processes as a key element to meeting current challenges , the Symantec report said .
The report also recommends that IT administrators take an information - centric approach to protect both information and interactions .
" It is important the more businesses start to view IT security not as a cost of doing business , but as a requirement for enabling new business opportunities , " said Jones .
It this post Geek.com offers a walkthrough of the building of a powerful , yet affordable workstation .
Each of the parts was carefully chosen and the build was extensively detailed .
There were some problems , but those were worked around and the end result was an impressive 64 - bit workhorse .
Link : geek.com
Category :
The raising of the tomb 's lid .
Photo by the State Office for Heritage Management and Archaeology , Saxony - Anhalt
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Remains of one of the oldest members of the English royal family have been unearthed at Magdeburg Cathedral in Germany .
The preliminary findings will be announced at a conference at the University of Bristol today .
Eadgyth , the sister of King Athelstan and the granddaughter of Alfred the Great , was given in marriage to Otto I , the Holy Roman Emperor , in 929 .
She lived in Saxony and bore Otto at least two children , before her death in 946 at the age of 36 .
She was buried in Magdeburg and her tomb was marked in the Cathedral by an elaborate sixteenth - century monument .
In 2008 , as part of a wider research project into Magdeburg Cathedral , this tomb was investigated .
It was known that she was initially buried at the Monastery of Mauritius in Magdeburg , and if bones were to be found , they would have had to have been moved to this later tomb ; it was , however , thought that this tomb was most likely a cenotaph .
But when the lid was removed , a lead coffin was discovered , bearing Queen Eadgyth ’s name and accurately recording the transfer of her remains in 1510 .
Inside the coffin , a nearly complete female skeleton aged between 30 and 40 was found , wrapped in silk .
Dr Harald Meller of the Landesmuseum fur Vorgeschichte in Saxony Anhalt , who led the project , said : “ We still are not completely certain that this is Eadgyth , although all the scientific evidence points to this interpretation .
In the Middle Ages , bones were moved around as relics and this makes definitive identification difficult . ”
As part of the research project , some small samples are being brought to the University of Bristol for further analysis .
The research group at Bristol will be hoping to trace the isotopes in these bones to provide a geographical signature that matches where Eadgyth is likely to have grown up .
Professor Mark Horton of the Department of Archaeology and Anthropology , who is co-ordinating this side of the research , explained the strategy : “ We know that Saxon royalty moved around quite a lot , and we hope to match the isotope results with known locations around Wessex and Mercia , where she could have spent her childhood .
If we can prove this truly is Eadgyth , this will be one of the most exciting historical discoveries in recent years . ”
Eadgyth is likely to be the oldest member of the English royal family whose remains have survived .
Her brother , King Athelstan , is generally considered to have been the first King of England after he unified the various Saxon and Celtic kingdoms following the battle of Brunanburgh in 937 .
His tomb survives in Malmesbury Abbey , Wiltshire , but is most likely empty .
Eadgyth ’s sister , Adiva , was also married to an unknown European ruler , but her tomb is not located .
Historical chronicles tell that Adiva was also offered to Otto , but that he chose Eadgyth instead .
The discovery of Eadgyth ’s remains illustrates the close links between European states in the early medieval period and how in the formation of both England and Germany intermarriage between the emerging royal houses of Europe was commonplace and has left a lasting legacy in the present royal families of Europe .
Explore further Basque roots found in Britain and Ireland
Provided by University of Bristol
18 SHARES Share Tweet
“ All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy .
What right have we then to depreciate imagination . ”
- Carl Jung
My inner rockstar is the latest archetype I want to manifest .
Ever since I was a kid I knew I wanted to be some sort of musician , actor , or artist ; in a way I still have the spirit in me .
I like having dreams .
I am not afraid to follow them , and I think it is never too late to try and pursue something new unless you are resting on your deathbed cold and numb .
But who am I kidding ?
I am only 21 years old .
I have so much time , energy , creativity , and passion waiting to manifest .
I have the world in the palm of my hands .
Yes , I really do – so why not aspire ?
Light the candles of my inner passions a little .
Not just avoiding death , but living life .
Let my rockstar come out !
Who is my inner rockstar ?
If Carl Jung were here giving me some counseling – he would probably ask , “ Who is your inner rockstar ?
What is his personality like and what are his values in life ? ”
Jung would agree that my inner rockstar is a construction of my mind : a product of my background , society , culture , attitude , and experience .
When I think “ rockstar ” a few key ideas pop into my head : Rebellion
Rockstars do what they want .
They do n’t take shit from anybody and if you try to suppress a rockstar ’s will or desire , you bet he is going to topple over you to get to where he wants to be .
This rebellious attitude is so often what impressionable children and teens find so attractive in rockstars .
Exploration
Whether it is in the tour bus or sitting in the studio , rockstars are always exploring .
Exploring new sounds , new themes , new artwork , new ideas .
Once they put together a CD they begin touring ; seeing new sides of the country , maybe even getting a chance to travel to Europe and Japan if they are big enough .
Being a rockstar is both an exploration inwards ( artistically ) and outwards ( socially ) .
Spontaneity
Jamming on stage is spontaneous , meeting new people backstage , having fans come up to you in five star restaurants , trying to keep the fellow bandmates from strangling each other during another long bus trip .
Living the life of a rockstar , you never know what is going to happen next .
Life can be hectic , it can slap you in the face from time - to - time , but it is a sign that you are alive and in the fast lane .
It may bring you moments of pleasure and pain , but they certainly wo n’t be dull .
Leadership
Rockstars often have big egos , which is n’t necessarily a good thing , but it is a price to pay when you are put in a position of power .
You are in the limelight .
People and paparazzi follow you around asking questions and concerns .
You have young teens and adults coming to your shows , feeling inspired , using your music as a gateway towards a more fulfilling life .
In some ways , a big rockstar can be even more influential in shaping society than most politicians .
Enjoyment
In the end I think a lot of people just want to become rockstars because it looks fun and enjoyable .
Think about how much better your life would be if you got to do something that you absolutely loved each and everyday of your life .
You ’re getting paid massive amounts of money to play guitar , bang away on the drums , or scream into a microphone .
If you have never had the urge to play an instrument before , or if you ’ve never had the dream to make a living doing what you love … get the fuck out of here … you are lying ( do n’t take my harsh words too seriously – I am just in my rockstar mindset ) .
I do n’t want to over psychoanalyze my inner rockstar .
Just become more aware of it .
I want to discover which characteristics about the idea resonate with me most .
I want to activate that “ little me ” that has been hiding inside , as if it were a little switch in my mind that I could just flip ON .
Using archetypes to build character
Of course it would always be nice to be a real rockstar .
But I do n’t seek to be other people , I seek to be a better me .
And using role models ( even in the form of abstract symbols or archetypes ) can help guide us in improving certain aspects and characteristics of our life .
Let ’s say for example that I wanted to be more spiritual .
I could consciously create an archetype in my head by integrating different aspects of all my favorite spiritual leaders .
People like the Dalai Lama , Buddha , Gandhi , Robert Thurman , Thich Nhat Hanh , Lao Tzu , Eckhart Tolle , Deepak Chopra , Osho , Mooji , Jesus , etc .
Then once I created this prototype of a spiritual leader , I can begin to extrapolate certain characteristics that I find are universal about it :
Compassion and loving - kindness towards others .
Dedication to one ’s practice .
Calmness and patience .
Wisdom and acknowledging the unknown .
This is just a rough start , but as you can see you can create an archetype fairly quickly – just open up Microsoft Word and start jotting some things down .
The idea here is n’t to yearn to become one of these other individuals , but to extrapolate a lesson from them .
To use their example as an inspiration to be more like them .
I may never be a real rockstar … but it does n’t matter , because the point is that what I really want is more rebellion , exploration , spontaneity , leadership and enjoyment in my life .
That is where this archetype comes in handy .
Energy flows where attention goes
When I bring my inner rockstar into consciousness I am simultaneously giving it life .
As the popular Huna saying goes , “ Energy flows where attention goes . ”
Even just the simply act of writing this blog post is beginning to awaken these new facets of my rockstar being .
I could expand further by meditating on my inner rockstar – imagining him in different situations and how he might think and behave .
This act of visualization is a great way to send attention ( or energy ) into different actions one can do to build character .
In mentally prepares me to manifest these new rockstar tendencies throughout my day .
In particular , I believe that wakening my inner rockstar will help facilitate my motivation , allow me to take more risks and strive to achieve greater things , like stuff within this blog , in my social interactions , and in my daily habits .
Here are some fantastic ways to “ draw energy ” from your archetypes , some of which have already been touched upon in this article :
1. Write about them .
That is what I am doing here .
2. Meditate / visualize / contemplate .
Use your thoughts and imagination to awaken your mind to new possibilities and new ways to act .
3. Roleplay .
May sound a bit silly , but by acting out your archetypes you are building up your neurology towards these new behaviors .
4. Integrate into your life .
Ca n’t just spend all your time thinking , imagining , and role - playing in your room .
Now it is time to incorporate these into your daily moment - to - moment existence .
Change only occurs through effort
Everyone who is involved in self - improvement is looking for that magic pill .
Let me tell you what it is .
Are you ready ?
Bring your face closer to the monitor …
There is no fucking magic pill !
If anyone could follow the law of attraction and be famous , successful , and happy … then everyone would be .
But I am not going to sit here and tell you that using archetypes will change you over night .
They require work and dedication to build .
The “ Archetype Route ” of growth and healing
All of that being said : I do n’t think the “ archetype route ” for personal development is necessarily the best route for everyone .
It depends on what you want to change .
If you only want to change a behavior – stick with habit - building techniques : 30 - day experiments , classical conditioning , cognitive - behavioral therapy , and mindfulness .
But if you want to make a personality change you need to dive deeper .
You need to learn how to see through the eyes of different minds .
Archetypes and role models are a great resource for that .
There was actually an old NLP technique I learned through an acquaintance ( if anyone can remind me of the name of the technique it would be really helpful ) .
The technique went something like this : create a mental experience of an interview between you and a role model in your life ( presumably some sort of expert ) .
By asking them questions and filling in the answers ( all in your mind ’s eye ) , you would be taking part in a creative cognitive mechanism for solution - building .
Theoretically , it could be used for any kind of problem - solving : business , relationships , health , or spiritual growth .
Humans are actually very good at dissociating from themselves and getting into the minds of others as an evolutionary trait ( it is know as theory of mind ) .
We love it .
We do it all the time .
Think about it : we even role - play every night in our dreams , and when we do n’t get sleep for a long period of time we begin hallucinating .
Minds like to imagine things , and I think cognitive scientists should focus more research on imagination as a general mechanism for effective human learning .
Even Einstein used a thought experiment ( by imagining himself chasing after a beam of light ) which aided in the development of his theory on special relativity .
There have also been some studies showing how dreams play an important role in consolidation of memories .
It would be interesting to see what other cognitive benefits our imaginations may have .
Building archetypes should probably be considered an “ advanced cognitive skill . ”
I do n’t do them myself , but I know that they work and I know how they work .
However — I ’m going to try and use this blog post as motivation to further explore the power of archetypes .
Particularly this inner rock star idea .
From a general standpoint in my life , I want to be more rebellious , explorative , spontaneous , leader - like , and just enjoy myself more .
So I am going to continue to use this symbol as a tool of inspiration .
I will try and meditate on it a couple times a week and see what fruits it reaps .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
PARIS 
In what seemed intended as a display of technological advance , Iran said on Wednesday that it had fired a rocket into space carrying living organisms  a rat , two turtles and worms , according to the state - run Press TV .
The test involved a rocket described as the Kavoshgar - 3 , which is capable of carrying satellites .
Iran ’s missile program has prompted worries among Western analysts that it is working on a weapons delivery system with broad regional consequences .
In December , Iran said it test - fired an improved version of its most advanced missile , the Sejil - 2 , capable of reaching Israel and parts of Europe .
The Wednesday launching came a day after the Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , suggested that his country would support an agreement to export low - enriched nuclear fuel , a deal put forth by the United States and other Western countries that seeks to head off a crisis over Iran ’s nuclear program .
Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s comments , which were reported by Press TV , appeared to contradict Iran ’s rejection of the deal a few weeks ago , extending a series of ever - shifting public statements by Iran on the proposal .
Diplomatic officials greeted Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s remarks with skepticism .
EA ’s “ Project Ten Dollar , ” which is the company ’s attempt to dissuade used game purchases by including free access to DLC content for new game buyers , is being extended to Battlefield : Bad Company 2 .
The most prominent example of “ Project Ten Dollar , ” which is a term coined by EA ’s CEO John Riccitiello , is the Cerberus Network code included with new purchases of Mass Effect 2 .
While gamers who purchased the game new could access the Cerberus Network with a code and could gain access to free DLC , purchasers of used copies of Mass Effect 2 would have to pay $ 15 to get a new access code .
The same idea will be applied to Battlefield : Bad Company 2 in an effort by EA to keep gamers from purchasing used copies of their games .
“ Project Ten Dollar ” was implemented because used game sales result in no profits and no income generation at all for the developers or purchasers .
Even though their product is being sold several times , they are only paid when it ’s purchased new .
While used game sales are n’t illegal , EA is trying to add incentive for buying a new copy – which should help , especially when games are recently on the market .
EA ’s hope is that gamer ’s will be convinced that purchasing a new copy of Battlefield : Bad Company 2 for $ 60 at GameStop will be preferable to paying $ 55 for a used copy that does n’t include DLC access .
There has been no word as of yet from EA regarding the price that used game purchasers will have to pay for DLC access codes .
Researchers Explain How Rotifers Thrive Despite Forgoing Sex
Posted on February 21 , 2010 Comments ( 1 )
Bdelloid rotifers have n’t had sex for at least thirty million years .
Most asexual animals are doomed to extinction .
The excellent show , Science Friday , looks at the extraordinary adaptations that allow rotifers to thrive sex - free .
For millions of years , the rotifers have reproduced asexually , flying in the face of an idea known as the Red Queen Hypothesis , which states that without the advantage of sexual reproduction , more - rapidly evolving parasites and predators will eventually doom the asexual species .
Now , the researchers studying the tiny organism say that its ability to dry up and blow away to greener pastures may have given the rotifers a hidden tactical edge in this evolutionary war .
The webcast provides a nice overview of the research .
Every week Science Friday provides many such interesting reviews of recent scientific research .
What Are Rotifers ?
Most rotifers are about 0.5 mm in length or less , and their bodies have a total of around a thousand cells .
This means that their organ systems are a greatly simplified distillation of the organ systems found in the bodies of the higher animals .
Rotifers are small , mostly freshwater animals , and are amongst the smallest members of the Metazoa — that group of multicellular animals which includes humans , and whose bodies are organized into systems of organs .
Most rotifers are about 0.5 mm in length or less , and their bodies have a total of around a thousand cells .
This means that their organ systems are a greatly simplified distillation of the organ systems found in the bodies of the higher animals .
A typical rotifer might have a brain of perhaps fifteen cells with associated nerves and ganglia , a stomach of much the same number , an excretory system of only a dozen or so cells , and a similarly fundamental reproductive system .
They have no circulatory system .
It is an anomaly that despite their complexity , many rotifers are much smaller than common single - celled organisms whose world they share .
…
they are able to survive long periods — even perhaps hundreds of years — in a dried or frozen state , and will resume normal behaviour when rehydrated or thawed .
Secondly , they exhibit what biologists call cell constancy — they grow in size not by cell division , but by increase in the size of the cells which they already have .
Related : Bdelloid Rotifers Abandoned Sex 100 Million Years Ago – Fungus - gardening Ant Species Has Given Up Sex Completely – Amazon Molly Fish are All Female – 50 Species of Diatoms
Vancouver , British Columbia --
By the end of these Olympic Games , the Norwegians will have pulled off what is , arguably , one of the finest performances in the modern history of sports .
The only problem is that nobody outside Norway seems to take them seriously .
Norway 's Olympic team has won 17 medals in Vancouver so far , enough to place it ...
At one time , labor unions were not so in line with big business and big government that they actually tried to promote the idea of helping democracy and produced films like this .
We get a history of the collusion between business and government , and a great feeling of loss that FDR is no longer in the White House .
The fighting spirit of unions in this film is completely absent from post - Reagan America .
16 - 20 minutes into the film the interconnection of supposedly different big businesses and the concentration of weath is illustrated .
The collusion of the government with international business and industry under Nazism is equated to the " American Century " .
( Those interested in how those these ideals not only survive but occupy the highest levels of the US Government 2001 - 2004 should check out the " Project for a New American Century " http://www.newamericancentury.org/)
In part 2 , we hear how Churchill diverted an invasion of Nazi- held France so that troops could be sent to suppress a democratic uprising against the Greek Royal family .
Injunctions are cited by a union official with a heavy accent as a tool companies use to have the police power of the state break strikes .
Footage of police beating up strikers in Philadelphia is the highlight .
The result was a win for labor , but only to be followed by business counterattack .
We are told it will become a company town , state , nation " and ultimately " BANG ( illustration of an atom ) war !
Ends with a patriotic call to democracy at the Republican president Lincoln 's memorial .
favorite favorite favorite favorite
This film , made by the electrical workers union of the CIO in the late 40s , gives the other side of all those pro-business films also made during that time .
It criticizes big companies like GE for cutting paychecks after the war , ostensibly because they could no longer afford to pay wartime wages .
However , the unions research showed that production and labor costs to the company had actually gone down and that the pay cuts were done to increase profits .
But it goes a lot further than just that issue , pointing out how American big business is getting bigger and bigger and more and more powerful .
It also points out the links big American companies had with Axis companies during the war , and equates big businesses dream of an American Century with the Nazi goal of world domination .
The answer is shown to be participating in strikes and voting the union ticket .
This is actually pretty scary to watch , because
Im sure things are ten times worse now in terms of big business dominating government .
Of course , its hard to tell without doing your own research how accurate the film is , just as with the pro-business films of the periodits obviously meant to be propaganda .
It is a fascinating account of union political views of the period .
It also has lots of great propaganda graphics , including smashing fists and a giant octopus to represent big business .
And theres a memorable , though somewhat puzzling , scene to represent the concept of 31 million dollars ( how much of Americas assets are controlled by Morgan interests ) :
They dont just talk about laying that much money in $ 100 bills end - to - end ; they show a guy discovering the line of bills on the sidewalk and trying to pick them all up .
A memorable film overall .
Ratings : Camp / Humor Value : **. Weirdness : ***. Historical Interest : *****.
Overall Rating : ****.
- January 8 , 2004 Death to the Scary Octopus of Big Business !
What is a filibuster ?
It ’s a procedure used in the U.S. Senate to prevent legislation or nominations from ever getting past the talking stage .
Senate rules allow members to debate a matter indefinitely , unless at least 60 out of 100 senators vote to cut off debate , or “ invoke cloture . ”
The debate does n’t even have to take place .
Senators can simply indicate that they ’ll oppose a cloture vote , and if they have 41 votes , supporters of the bill or nomination will often pull it before the debate even begins .
In other words , the mere threat of a filibuster is now enough to derail a bill .
Just last week , President Obama withdrew the nomination of his choice for a slot on the National Labor Relations Board because Democrats , who now have a 59 – 41 majority in the chamber , could not muster the 60 votes they needed to cut off “ debate . ”
Last fall , Nebraska Sen .
Ben Nelson , a Democrat , refused to vote for cloture on the Democrats ’ health - care - reform measure until it was modified to add Medicaid benefits for his home state — a deal critics quickly dubbed the “ cornhusker kickback . ”
Has the filibuster always worked this way ?
No .
It used to be far more entertaining — or at least more obvious .
Until a rule change was enacted in 1975 , senators actually had to take to the floor and talk , and talk , and talk — like the iconic scene in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , in which Jimmy Stewart ’s character recites the Constitution until he collapses from exhaustion .
In 1957 , South Carolina Sen .
Strom Thurmond temporarily succeeded in stalling a civil - rights bill by speaking uninterrupted for a record 24 hours , 18 minutes .
He ’d prepared by spending hours in the Senate steam room , dehydrating himself so he would n’t need a bathroom break .
Back in 1908 , Wisconsin Sen.
Robert La Follette so exasperated his colleagues by filibustering a currency bill that somebody slipped him a glass of ptomaine - laced milk .
La Follette had to leave the floor to vomit , bringing his filibuster to an ignominious conclusion .
Such undignified scenes eventually helped persuade senators to implement the more low - key filibuster in effect today .
Do n’t filibusters subvert majority rule ?
That ’s the point .
The word “ filibuster ” is a corruption of the Dutch word for the 19th - century pirates who plied the Caribbean , capturing entire islands with just a handful of men .
Like those pirates , a few determined senators can take a bill hostage , even if the bill enjoys wide popular support .
And while that might seem unfair — and even undemocratic — most legal scholars agree it ’s permitted by Article 1 of the Constitution , which gives both houses the right to make their own rules .
Senate rules have always encouraged prolonged debate , reflecting George Washington ’s view of the Senate as a “ saucer ” where the superheated passions of the moment can cool .
“ The filibuster is frustrating , literally and intentionally , ” says Washington Post columnist Ruth Marcus .
But “ it is wonderful if you are trying to block something bad from happening . ”
How often is the tactic used ?
Until the 1970s , filibusters were generally reserved for momentous bills , like declarations of war or civil - rights measures .
But during the George W. Bush administration , Democrats used the filibuster threat to block several of Bush ’s more conservative judicial nominations .
And since the Republicans lost their Senate majority in 2006 , they have returned the favor , to the point where filibusters are now routine .
In the 1975 – 76 session , there were 39 cloture votes ; by the 2007 –08 session , there were 139 , and that record is likely to be shattered by the current Senate .
“ The Senate is set up culturally not to act on anything quickly , and that ’s a good thing , ” says congressional historian Norman Ornstein .
“ But there can be too much of a good thing . ”
Ca n’t Democrats just kill the filibuster ?
Not easily .
Senate rule changes require the backing of at least 67 senators .
But some Democrats are now contemplating an alternative way to kill the filibuster once and for all , using a tactic that ’s been dubbed the “ nuclear option . ”
It involves a complicated series of parliamentary maneuvers that would end with Vice President Joe Biden , in his capacity as presiding officer of the Senate , declaring the filibuster to be unconstitutional , because it usurps his power to break Senate deadlocks .
The move would almost certainly provoke a constitutional crisis , but at least some Democrats want to give it a try .
Former party Chairman Howard Dean admits that Democrats would miss the filibuster when they ’re once again in the minority .
But “ for the good of the country , ” he says , “ we probably have to eliminate it . ”
What ’s good for the goose …
In January , Vice President Joe Biden , formerly a longtime senator from Delaware , gave a rousing speech denouncing Republican filibusters .
“ I have never seen the Constitution stood on its head as they ’ve done , ” he said .
“ This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators . ”
But he ’d sounded quite a different note in 2005 , when he and his Democratic colleagues were frequently resorting to the filibuster to bottle up President Bush ’s judicial picks .
“ At its core , ” Biden said at the time , “ the filibuster is not about stopping a bill , it ’s about compromise and moderation . ”
But hypocrisy over the filibuster is a bipartisan affair .
Back when Biden was defending the filibuster , Alabama Republican Sen .
Jeff Sessions bawled out his Democratic colleagues for their “ unprecedented ” and “ obstructionist ” tactics .
Today , Sessions defends the filibuster , saying that his party “ cannot acquiesce to philosophy that says Democratic presidents can get their judges confirmed with 50 votes . ”
The shifting stances of both sides bear out a point about the filibuster made by Senate historian Donald Ritchie .
“ It ’s really not a Republican Party position and a Democratic Party position , ” he says .
“ It ’s a minority - party position and a majority - party position . ”
I do n't think he should resign , but there really is something so ridiculously classless , unimaginative , lazy , obnoxious and rude about using the word " retarded . "
I know a handful of adults who insist on using that word , and I absolutely think a lot less of them .
When it comes to convenience , dried beans can never beat canned beans .
But when it comes to flavor , dried beans have no competition at all , although that depends on cooking them correctly .
Here are the ins and outs of getting the perfect batch of beans every time .
Before You Begin
It 's helpful to remember that canned beans start out as dried beans — they 've just been cooked in the can , where they remain sterilized until someone pops the top .
Canned beans , though , tend to taste ... canned .
Their flavor is one - dimensional and it is n't particularly delicious .
On the other hand , dried beans that have been well seasoned and cooked with aromatics ( more on both below ) have a complex earthiness and a wonderful starchy sweetness .
Dried beans come in a dizzying number of sizes and colors : some are large , some are small ; some are white , while others are black , and some are beige or red ; some are monotoned and some come speckled like a leopard .
The thing they have in common is they 're all legumes , grown fresh , then dehydrated to give them an extended ( though not endless ) shelf life .
You can read a lot more about beans in our Guide to Beans , but for our purposes here , the most important thing to remember is that there 's a ton of variation in the bean world , and the best way to prepare a bean depends on the kind and quality you have at hand .
Get our favorite recipes starring beans »
Should You Soak Dried Beans ?
Ah , the good old bean - soaking argument .
Most people insist you have to soak .
Then some renegade comes along and tries to blow the whole thing up by saying soaking is totally unnecessary .
So , who 's right ?
Well , they both are , sorta .
The truth is that it depends on the beans , both in terms of the bean variety and also its quality .
Variety is easier , so let 's start with that .
Some beans , usually smaller ones with thinner skins , can skip the soaking step without consequence .
At most , you 'll have a slightly longer cooking time .
Examples of such beans include black beans ( see our black bean soaking test results here ) , lentils , and black - eyed peas .
As a bonus , skipping the soaking step with these beans yields a better flavor , because it 's not being leeched out and poured down the drain .
Heftier beans , including chickpeas , navy beans , pinto beans , and more , are a different story .
Some people will swear up and down that you never need to soak those beans either .
But those people have n't done enough tests .
I have , and I 've found that you can sometimes get away with not soaking those beans , but not always .
Whether or not you need to soak beans depends heavily on their quality and age — the lower quality they are , and the longer they 've been sitting on the shelf , the more they 'll benefit from a soak .
Unfortunately , there 's rarely an easy way to know how old the beans you 've just bought are , which means soaking is almost always a smart move .
Even though dried beans are generally considered to be a shelf - stable dry good that never goes bad , the reality is that they continue to dry out as they sit .
And of course , they do not do that evenly .
What this means is that a bag of old dried beans will likely have some that are more desiccated than others , and those extra - dry beans can take significantly longer to cook .
I know this from experience :
The chef at a Tuscan restaurant I used to work at was famous for his bean dishes , and he'd import the new crop of beautiful dried Italian heirloom beans every year .
I 'd cook them all year long .
At first , they cooked beautifully — totally even , with creamy centers and hardly a blown - out bean in sight .
But as the year went on , that would change .
By the end of the year , I would struggle to get all the beans to cook evenly , and I would frequently end up with a pot half full of overcooked beans disintegrating into mush while the rest of the beans were still undercooked .
The one thing that helped mitigate the problem as the beans got older ?
Soaking them for many hours first .
By soaking the beans , the skins and centers have time to re-hydrate , which you can see by how much they swell in the water , often doubling in volume overnight .
Soaked old beans still wo n't cook as well as they did when they were freshly dried , but they 'll cook a heck of a lot better than if you had n't soaked them at all .
That 's anecdotal evidence , of course , so I 've done more controlled bean - soaking experiments since .
Using cannellini beans and chickpeas for my tests , both of which I bought at a local supermarket , I tried both an overnight soak and no soak at all .
After two hours , the pre-soaked cannellini were perfectly cooked , with a decent but not perfect degree of evenness .
Compare that to the no-soak cannellini beans :
After more than three hours , some were disintegrating and waterlogged while others still had an unpleasantly crunchy bite .
The results of my chickpea testing were even more extreme , with the soaked ones reaching doneness in two and a half hours , while the no-soak ones were still totally underdone at three and a half hours .
I eventually gave up and threw those away .
Here 's the take - away : Skip the soak on thin - skinned beans like black - eyed peas , black beans , and lentils .
For other beans , it 's best to soak unless you know for sure that you 're dealing with high quality , freshly dried beans , in which case you can skip it .
Should You Add Salt When Cooking Beans ?
Most people will tell you no , but the answer is yes , you should salt your beans from the beginning .
We 've tested this extensively as well , and salted beans cook up better , retaining their shape and developing a more delicious , thoroughly seasoned flavor .
Perhaps what 's even more surprising is that our tests revealed you should also salt the soaking water for the very best results .
How to Cook Dried Beans : Step by Step
Step 1 : Pick Through the Beans
First , sift through the beans , looking for any that are off - colored , shriveled , or damaged .
Also keep an eye out for small stones .
Step 2 : Rinse
Rinse the beans under cold running water to remove any surface dust or dirt .
Step 3 : Soak , if Desired , Then Drain
If you are using thin - skinned beans like black beans , black - eyed peas , split peas , or lentils , you can skip this step .
If you are using most other beans , it 's best to soak them unless you know for sure that the beans are of a high quality and are relatively fresh ( i.e. , that they have n't been in storage for more than six months since they were dried ) ; usually there 's no good way to know this , so soaking should be the default .
To soak , cover the beans in enough cold water that they will remain submerged even if they swell to more than twice their original volume .
If they are n't covered with enough water and they swell above the liquid level , they will cook unevenly later .
Salt the soaking water well ; it should taste pleasantly salty .
Then let stand at room temperature for at least four and up to eight hours .
If soaking for longer than eight hours , move the beans to the refrigerator to prevent them from fermenting .
Do n't soak the beans any longer than 24 hours .
Drain the beans , then proceed immediately to the cooking step .
How to Quick - Soak Beans :
If you do n't have time for a longer soak , use this quick - soaking method :
Cover the dried beans with ample water and season with salt ( again , the water should taste pleasantly salty ) .
Bring to a boil over high heat , then remove from heat .
Let stand one hour , then drain and proceed to cooking .
Step 4 : Cook With Aromatics
Place the beans in a pot and fill with enough cold water to cover by at least three inches .
Season the water with salt , once again making sure it tastes pleasantly salty .
Add aromatics to the pot .
This is an incredibly important step that helps make the difference between merely average beans and truly phenomenal ones .
The aromatics can include any aromatic vegetable , such as the basics like onion , carrot , celery , and garlic , as well as less expected ones , like fennel and leek trimmings .
Use whatever you have .
The aromatics should also include herbs ; in particular , I find that hearty , woodsy herbs like rosemary , sage , and a dried bay leaf are particularly delicious with most beans .
If you do n't mind picking the aromatics out later , you can just drop them into the pot .
But if you have some cheesecloth , you can make a sachet that will be easier to remove later .
Bring the water to a boil , then reduce to a gentle simmer .
A gentle simmer is important because you do n't want to agitate the beans too much as they cook , lest they bounce against each other and break .
Cook the beans , skimming the surface of foam as needed , until fully tender and no trace of firmness or graininess exists .
There are lots of bean - cooking charts on the internet that give times for each variety , but the truth is that cooking times can vary wildly even for a single type of bean , depending on their age and other factors .
Your best bet is to check the beans from time to time until they 're done , whether that 's in one hour or three .
Add fresh water to the pot at any point , if the level drops too low .
Oven Method for Cooking Beans :
You can also cook your beans in the oven , a method that works perfectly and saves stovetop space .
Fill a Dutch oven with the beans , salted water , and aromatics , as described above , cover , and place in a preheated 250 °F ( 120 °C ) oven .
Cook , checking beans from time to time , until done .
Step 5 : How to Know When Beans Are Done
Nailing perfect bean doneness is an art .
Stop the cooking too soon , and you 'll end up with over - firm beans , especially if you refrigerate them after cooking ( cooked beans become more firm once chilled ) .
But let them go too long and you 'll have a pot full of mushy , broken beans .
I try to get my bean doneness just right by tasting more and more frequently as they approach doneness .
I pop a bean in my mouth , then try to smash it against the roof of my mouth with my tongue .
It 's properly cooked when you can do this without much trouble , and without feeling any hard or grainy bits as you smash it .
I always check more than one bean , since there 's usually some variation in doneness within the pot , and you do n't want to pull it off the heat if some of the beans are n't done yet .
When the beans are done , just take them off the heat and let them cool in their liquid .
If for some reason your beans are already overcooked ( or on the verge of it ) , add enough cold water , or even ice , to drop the liquid temperature and halt the cooking .
Storing Cooked Beans
It 's best to store cooked beans in their cooking liquid , which helps protect them and keeps the skins from drying out .
Cooked beans can be refrigerated for about four or five days , after which they usually start to smell a little funky .
If you need to store them longer , use the freezer : cooked beans in their liquid freeze and defrost with little to no loss in quality .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
1 of 51 2 of 51
Anti-Olympic activists are accusing police of using agents provocateurs to incite protesters to commit illegal acts during last weekend ’s rallies and marches .
Harsha Walia , a spokesperson for the Olympic Resistance Network , told the Georgia Straight that activists suspect several people who participated in the protests on February 12 and 13 were undercover police officers .
Although Walia said activists ’ suspicions are mostly “ unverifiable ” and can only be confirmed by police , she ’s “ 99.9 percent ” certain that one man who attended the Take Back Our City protest outside B.C. Place during the Olympics opening ceremony was an agent provocateur .
“ He was pushing forward and forcing people into the police basically , ” Walia said on her cellphone from the Downtown Eastside .
“ From past experience , when someone falls into a police officer , they pick you up for assault . ”
While the man appeared to be a photojournalist , he refused to identify his media affiliation when asked by protesters around him .
He also remained silent as activists accused him of being a police officer .
After the crowd chanted , “ I smell bacon , I smell pork ” , the man accepted an offer by officers to leave through the police line .
According to Const .
Olivier Lapointe , a spokesperson for the Vancouver 2010 Integrated Security Unit , if there were agents provocateurs at the Take Back Our City and 2010 Heart Attack protests , they would n’t have been from the Olympic security force .
The Montreal police officer told the Straight by phone that VISU , which is led by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , is responsible for securing Olympic venues while the Vancouver Police Department deals with “ everything that happens in the streets ” .
Previously , in a July 2009 interview with the Straight , another VISU spokesperson would n’t rule out the use of agents provocateurs during the Winter Olympics .
Activists accuse a man of being an agent provocateur during a protest outside the opening ceremony of the 2010 Olympics on February 12 .
Const .
Lindsey Houghton , a spokesperson for the Vancouver police , told the Straight that he did n’t have any knowledge of agents provocateurs being deployed during the Take Back Our City and 2010 Heart Attack protests .
“ I am not aware of any of that going on , ” Houghton said by phone .
“ The only people that I ’m aware that were inciting were the people dressed in all black who were encouraging the vandalism . ”
According to Houghton , a number of journalists and protesters sought safety by being pulled through the police line outside B.C. Place on February 12 .
Regarding the man who activists allege was an undercover officer , Houghton said , “ I do n’t know of any agents provocateurs , to use that term .
We run into the same issues on a daily basis , whether it ’s someone with a camera or someone without refusing to identify themselves to us or trying to provoke police officers .
So , I ’m not sure if this was a case of someone who was doing it both ways or what this person ’s thought process was . ”
Walia noted that two plainclothes police officers were “ outed ” earlier this week at the Olympic Tent Village in the Downtown Eastside .
According to her , the pair was escorted off the site and they ended up admitting they were police officers .
“ They actually had their earpieces on , ” Walia said .
Houghton confirmed that two plainclothes Vancouver police officers visited the tent village .
He said the officers were there to escort Const .
Jodyne Keller , the VPD ’s homeless outreach coordinator , who was in uniform .
Police did not want to be “ seen to be inflaming the situation ” by sending three uniformed officers to the tent village , according to Houghton .
“ You know , having one uniform instead of three is a lot less imposing to a lot of people , especially people who may not feel comfortable talking with police officers who they ’re not familiar with , ” Houghton said .
“ Jodyne ’s worked very hard over the last year to build up those relationships , so they certainly did that out of respect and at the same time keeping her safety in mind in case something were to happen . ”
Walia stressed that she is not suggesting that agents provocateurs were “ solely responsible ” for smashing store windows and wrecking newspaper boxes during the 2010 Heart Attack protest on February 13 .
“ I think that there might have been agents provocateurs who were present on Saturday , ” Walia said .
“ But I also think that there were people there on Saturday who chose to engage in direct action and property destruction against corporate sponsors who have a violent record . ”
She called the alleged use of agents provocateurs by police “ condemnable ” .
“ I think people should really question agents provocateurs , ” Walia said .
“ It ’s symbolic of the amount of state repression — not just against direct action , black bloc , but against all kinds of dissent — and that they ’re trying to divide our movement .
And this is a time to unify . ”
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui .
Update : Vancouver police say no agents provocateurs sent to anti-Olympic protests
See also :
Video : Olympic
Tent Village residents speak out on homelessness in Vancouver
Video : 2010 Heart Attack sees anti-Olympic protesters clash with riot police in Vancouver
Video : Take Back Our City protest welcomes 2010 Olympics in Vancouver
West Norwood Escorts
Rubi
Alana
Joy
Crystal
Tayler
While West Norwood might not be the most exciting area in South East London , it does still offer a fair amount in the way of entertainment .
With a theatre converted from an old fire station , as well as many bars , clubs and restaurants within easy access , West Norwood holds its own among the surrounding areas .
Contrasting the urban sprawl , West Norwood is also home to Norwood park , an ideal , if slightly small escape from the concrete jungle that defines the rest of the area .
For music fans , there are several nearby music venues such as the prestigious Brixton Academy , and people with tastes for many different genres will feel content at the choices West Norwood and the surrounding areas offer .
However , the one thing that causes the area to stand out from other areas of London are the quality escorts West Norwood offers .
Well known around the area as being jaw droppingly attractive , as well as having radiant personalities , curvaceous figures and flirtatious streaks , these girls are much loved by all those in the area who have had the fortune to spend an evening in their presence before .
West Norwood escorts are agreed upon by residents as being one of the most entertaining and exciting attractions in the area .
Whether you love going out drinking and dancing , or you prefer eating and conversation , watching a theatre production or simply staying indoors and relaxing , you can be sure doing any of these activities in the company of a gorgeous West Norwood escort will make the potentially good evening into an amazing one .
Because of their versatility , escorts in West Norwood are often hired by those residents who come home in the evening after working all day , and want nothing more than just to relax and unwind in the company of a beautiful woman .
And as these residents will gladly attest , any escort Norwood offers will make sure you unwind and relax to the fullest .
People are hearing of these girls all over the city , and are heading to West Norwood in droves to sample the delights themselves .
If you have yet to spend a night in the delightful company of a West Norwood escort , you have yet to experience what the area can really offer .
How all - female species avoid the shrinkage of their gene pool is among the animal kingdom ’s great mysteries .
Now biologists think they ’ve discovered the trick .
According to a study published Sunday in Nature , egg - producing cells in a Aspidoscelis tellesata , a ladies - only species of whiptail lizard , contain double the standard genetic complement .
They pick the healthiest set of chromosomes , preventing the loss of vital variation .
“ There ’s an absence of sperm , and genetic information is never provided by another source .
Anything that ’s lost is lost for good , ” said Peter Baumann , a University of Kansas cell biologist .
“ If there ’s a way to prevent the loss , then how is that accomplished ?
That ’s what our paper explains . ”
In all animal cells , genes are contained in DNA packages called chromosomes .
Cells have two copies of each chromosome , and thus of each gene :
In sexually reproducing species , one copy comes from mom , and the other from dad .
During reproduction , germ cells duplicate their chromosome set , then go through two rounds of cell division .
The result is a sperm or egg cell with one copy of each chromosome .
Some genetic variation is lost in the process , but it does n’t matter , since sperm and egg soon fuse .
Losses are offset by the mixing of their union .
In creatures that develop from unfertilized eggs — a process called parthenogenesis , found in A. tellesata , plus about 70 other fish , reptile and bird species — both chromosome copies come from mom .
Lost genetic variation is unrecoverable , and ought to accumulate over many generations , eventually producing an animal unable to survive .
But as Baumann ’s group shows , A. tesselata germ cells start with four sets of chromosome copies , not two .
When the cells finish dividing , the resulting eggs contain a standard set , one that ’s assembled , they found , from two loss - free copies .
“ This is an elegant mechanism , ” said Baumann .
And though they do n’t yet know how A. tesselata ‘s germ cells evolved this trick , “ you can imagine that it happens by a relatively simple change . ”
That could explain why parthenogenesis reproduction has emerged in so many species .
Whether parthenogenesis is an evolutionary aberration or viable strategy remains debated .
Even if these species maintain their gene pool , they still lack the genetic mixing that gives sexual reproducers a steady flow of new adaptations .
According to Baumann , A. tesselata is lucky :
It appears to be descended from a union of two related species , giving it a hybrid vigor .
As for populations lacking built - in durability , he said asexual reproduction may be a useful short - term strategy .
It could maintain lineages through periods of isolation , with species reverting to sexual reproduction when suitable partners were available .
However , Baumann cautioned against assuming that all parthenogenic species used the mechanisms seen in A. tesselata .
“ I think it ’s going to be widespread , but nature often surprises us < ” he said .
“ We think we know how something works , then find out that nature came up with many ways of doing it . ”
Images : 1 ) Whiptail lizards / Peter Baumann .
2 ) A comparison of chromosomes in the gametes of a related , sexually - producing lizard species ( above ) and the whiptail ( below ) .
See Also :
Citation : “ Sister chromosome pairing maintains heterozygosity in parthenogenetic lizards . ”
By Aracely A. Lutes , William B. Neaves , Diana P. Baumann , Winfried Wiegraebe & Peter Baumann .
Nature , Advance Online Publication , February 21 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim ’s Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Here 's an interesting one .
OCZ is essentially retailing the never - made - it - to - market Vertex 2 Pro as the Vertex Limited Edition .
It runs the SandForce SF - 1500 controller , which the Vertex 2 Pro put to such stunning good use in its prototype form , but unfortunately that controller proved to complex and costly for OCZ to mass retail the drive .
Instead it 's offering the Vertex Limited Edition , 5,000 drives sporting the superfast controller .
The drives come in 100 GB ( $ 399 ) and 200 GB ( $ 829 ) flavors , and once they 're gone they 're gone .
It 's a better performing drive ( particularly on writes ) than the similarly priced Intel X25 - M G2 , but unfortunately the limited quantity is n't the only thing to worry about : there were some issues of failing drives with the Vertex 2 Pro .
Only time will tell as to how well the supposedly - improved firmware of the Vertex Limited Edition will hold up , but all 5,000 might be sold by the time some serious reliability testing can be performed .
We supposed that 's just part and parcel with life in the fast lane .
von Andreas Grieß , 12.2.10
„ Wer arbeitet , muss mehr haben als derjenige , der nicht arbeitet ! “ , wird Guido Westerwelle zitiert .
Grundsätzlich liegt er damit nicht ganz falsch .
Die Schlüsse , die der FDP - Chef daraus zieht , gehen jedoch meilenweit an der Realität vorbei .
Denn dass er mit diesem Argument die Hartz IV - Sätze runter - oder zumindest weiter tiefreden will , verdreht einiges .
Hartz IV soll eine Grundversorgung darstellen , keinen „ anstrengungslosen Wohlstand “ wie Westerwelle sagt .
Es soll jedem , auch wenn sie oder er arbeitslos wird , ermöglichen , menschenwürdig zu leben .
Nicht mehr , aber vor allem auch nicht weniger .
Denn das sagt das Grundgesetz ( Artikel 20 , Absatz 1 ) .
Und das hat nichts mit Sozialismus zu tun , welchen Westerwelle in die Debatte bringt , sondern mit Sozialstaat .
Wer einen Sozialstaat jedoch schon als sozialistisch betrachtet , der hätte im Geschichts - und Sozialwissenschafts - Unterricht besser aufpassen sollen .
In der „ Welt “ schreibt Westerwelle : „ Wer kellnert , verheiratet ist und zwei Kinder hat , bekommt im Schnitt 109 Euro weniger im Monat , als wenn er oder sie Hartz IV bezöge . “
Er bringt dies mit einer Missachtung der Mitte in Verbindung .
Es stellt sich die Frage , wo der Vizekanzler die Mitte der Gesellschaft verortet : Bei Bürgern mit einem Einkommen von etwa Hartz IV ?
Wie bereits erwähnt , soll Hartz IV nur die nötigste Grundversorgung , inbegriffen sozialer Teilhabe , darstellen .
Dass eine zunehmend größer werdende Zahl von Beschäftigten in Deutschland trotz Job weniger verdient , als dieses Minimum , ist tatsächlich schädlich für die soziale Gerechtigkeit .
Damit hat Westerwelle recht .
Da niemand unter Minimum leben sollte , noch dazu , wenn Kindern dadurch der Zugang zu Bildung und Sport erschwert wird , muss im Bezug auf diese Dumping - Löhne etwas getan werden , auch unabhängig vom Hartz IV - Satz .
Westerwelle sagt : „ Wer die Leistungsgerechtigkeit vergisst , wird die soziale Gerechtigkeit als erstes verlieren . “
Und gegenüber der Passauer neuen Presse : „ Wer vergisst , dass sich Leistung lohnen muss , legt die Axt an die Wurzel des Wohlstandsbaumes .
Darunter leiden die Schwächsten unserer Gesellschaft . “
Damit und mit seiner Kritik an ungerechten Löhnen argumentiert Westerwelle für gesetzliche Mindestlöhne .
Einzig :
Er merkt es nicht !
Kill two men in four days under questionable circumstances .
Get caught with drugs in your system and suspended from work .
Walk away from it all with $ 17,242.46 .
Not a bad deal , right ?
That 's exactly how much Adam Tavss , the former Miami Beach cop , earned from taxpayers when he quietly resigned from the police force in late November amidst an indefinite suspension over a failed drug test .
Families of the two men
Tavss shot on duty last June are fuming that city rules did n't prevent the wayward officer from earning his full payout from unused vacation and sick time and from his own pension fund .
" It 's wrong all the way around , " says Samer Shehada , whose brother , Husein , was shot and killed by Tavss .
" I 'm happy he's not a police officer any more , but he should n't be earning money on the way out . "
Det. Juan Sanchez , a Miami Beach PD spokesman , declined to comment , citing ongoing investigations into the shootings .
Ramiro Inguanzo , director of human resources for the City of Miami Beach , says the payouts are standard for any police officer .
" Legally , you 're entitled to be paid for unused time , even if you 're terminated for cause , " he says .
Tavss 's fall from grace began on June 14 , when he confronted Samer and Husein - tourists from the Washington , D.C. area - outside Twist nightclub near 11th and Washington in South Beach .
A surveillance video outside the club captures the two brothers raising their arms and turning before Husein collapses as Tavss 's bullets strike him in the chest .
Police later said that the brothers were looking to pick a fight and that they appeared to have weapons under their shirts .
But no guns were found at the scene .
Four days later , Tavss was back on duty .
Before his first shift was out , he shot dead Lawrence McCoy Jr. , a 29 - year - old semi- homeless man who allegedly stole a cab and drove the wrong way down the MacArthur Causeway .
Tavss said McCoy was armed , but , again , no weapon was found at the scene .
A gun was later fished out of Biscayne Bay , but police have been unable to definitively tie it to McCoy .
Miami Beach PD stood behind Tavss , a 34 - year - old with three years on the force .
But his credibility took a hit when his personnel file showed that a female colleague accused him of using cocaine at a Christmas party in 2007 .
Then , in September , Tavss failed a drug test for marijuana .
Chief Carlos Noriega suspended the officer indefinitely .
On Nov. 20 , Tavss , who earned a $ 56,833.66 salary , submitted his resignation .
When he left , he picked up $ 3,092.34 , before taxes , for 80 unused hours of annual leave and 51 hours of sick time .
Tavss got another $ 14,150.12 when he closed out his pension fund .
Lawyer John Contini , who represents the McCoy and Shehada families , says Tavss 's resignation wo n't stop a civil suit against the force over the deaths .
" The Miami Beach PD ... failed to run a proper background check , failed to properly train him , failed to supervise him , ( and ) failed to discipline him , " Contini says .
" Firing one trigger - happy cop wo n't cut it . "
Adds Autumn Romero , McCoy 's sister : " We want criminal charges . "
Tavss ' lawyer , Gene Gibbons , did n't respond to multiple calls and an email .
Ghouls are at play in the city ’s morgues .
The people employed to respectfully handle the remains of the deceased have instead turned cadavers and body parts into macabre playthings , The Post has learned .
And they shockingly documented their depraved foolery in photos taken as keepsakes .
Grinning mortuary technicians use corpses as props in dozens of disturbing Polaroids obtained by The Post .
Perhaps most disturbing of all is mortuary technician Kaihl Brassfield holding a severed head in a classic Heisman Trophy football pose .
“ It was stupid , ” Brassfield , 35 , told The Post .
“ It was just the culture there .
Everyone was doing it . ”
The creepy pictures , some undated and others from 2004 , show Brassfield and unidentified co-workers hamming it up .
“ It was foolish , ” he conceded .
“ Now I ’m older .
It stopped . ”
Brassfield , a $ 35,000 - a- year technician at the Brooklyn morgue of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner , had been out of work on disability , but was suspended without pay after inquiries by The Post .
He says that for several years , everyone working in the Staten Island and Brooklyn morgues , from cops to coroners , participated in the gory games .
But in recent years , after the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner took over from the Health and Hospitals Corp. , staff got more professional , Brassfield said .
“ We are looking into the allegations , ” said Office of the Chief Medical Examiner spokeswoman Ellen Borakove .
“ This is the antithesis of the mission of our agency to always treat families and decedents with the utmost respect and sensitivity . ”
The probe by the office ’s inspector - general began after the queries were made about the photos , and the city ’s Department of Investigation has begun interviewing ME employees .
Brassfield said the photos were stolen in November .
He said he received calls blackmailing him in December , but refused to pay .
chuck.bennett@nypost.com
( NaturalNews ) Prenatal exposure to the endocrine - disrupting chemical bisphenol A ( BPA ) may increase aggressive behavior in toddler girls , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill and published in the journalResearchers measured bodily levels of BPA in 249 pregnant women , then followed their daughters for two years .
Children who had been exposed to the highest levels of the chemical before the 16th week of gestation had significantly higher scores on tests for aggression than girls of the same age with less exposure .
The study is the first to examine the effect of BPA on behavior in human children .
It is consistent with the results of prior animal studies , which have also found that BPA can affect the brain and reproductive system .
The National Toxicology Program concluded in 2008 that there was evidence to support the chemical 's effects on human children .
Because BPA mimics the effect of estrogen , which plays a critical role in the male brain during the 11th and 12th weeks of pregnancy , researchers believe that the chemical might be " masculinizing " the female brain .
"
In the developing brain , timing is everything , " said neuropsychiatrist Louann Brizendine , author of " I 'm worried that tiny amounts of this stuff , given at just the wrong time , could partly masculinize the female brain .
" Although the study found no change in male behavior and no increase in behavioral disorders among girls , scientists noted that the population effects may be much greater than those seen in the study .
Michelle Macias , spokesperson for the American Academy of Pediatrics , noted that children in the study came from predominantly well - educated families , which tend to have lower aggression and hyperactivity rates than the average .
In addition , neurologist David Bellinger noted that a population can become more aggressive as a whole without there being strong observable effects in individual children .
The researchers intend to continue studying the children until the age of five .
Sources for this story include : www.usatoday.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon said on Tuesday it is moving ahead with plans to end the military ’s ban on allowing women to serve in submarines .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates sent a letter to lawmakers notifying them of the decision by the Navy , which could see the first women on nuclear submarines next year .
“ This is fundamentally a Navy initiative , which they recently briefed to the secretary of defense .
( Gates ) supports it and he notified Congress of the Navy ’s plans , ” Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said .
Women account for about 15 percent of the more than 336,000 members of the U.S. Navy and can serve on its surface ships .
But critics have argued that submarines are different , pointing to cramped quarters where some crews share beds in shifts -- a practice known as “ hot bunking . ”
A likely scenario would see female officers becoming the first to join crews on the Navy ’s fleet of 71 submarines , since officers have separate accommodations , a U.S. defense official said .
Congress has 30 days to provide its official comment on the Navy ’s decision .
Nancy Duff Campbell , an advocate for expanding the role of women in the U.S. armed forces , applauded the decision and said she did not expect any opposition from lawmakers .
“ This is something that has a lot of support ( within the military ) and the Navy has a serious plan ” to carefully integrate submarine personnel , she said .
Allowing women on submarines would be another step forward in expanding the role of women in the U.S. military .
In 2008 , a woman was promoted to the rank of four - star general for the first time .
Testifying in the Senate on Tuesday , Army General George Casey said he thought it was time to re-examine the policy that places restrictions on women in combat roles .
“ We do n’t have an active effort going on , but I think it ’s time , ” Casey said .
Women are still barred from traditional frontline combat roles in the U.S. armed forces .
But female soldiers often run the same risks as men in Iraq and Afghanistan , where bombings and other insurgent attacks can happen almost anywhere .
The Grand Canyon Skywalk is a tourist attraction near the Colorado River on the edge of a side canyon in the Grand Canyon West area in the U.S. state of Arizona .
It was funded by the Hualapai Indian tribe in partnership with Chinese - American businessman David Jin .
The horseshoe - shaped glass walkway stands at a 3,600 feet ( 1,100 m ) height above the floor of the canyon , a height exceeding those of the world ’s tallest skyscrapers .
The Skywalk is not directly above the main canyon , Granite Gorge , which contains the Colorado River .
Instead it extends over a side canyon and affords a view into the main canyon .
USGS topographic maps show the elevation at the Skywalk ’s location as 4,770 ft ( 1,450 m ) and the elevation of the Colorado River in the base of the canyon as 1,160 ft ( 350 m ) , and they show that the height of the exactly vertical drop directly under the skywalk is between 500 ft ( 150 m ) and 800 ft ( 240 m ) .
We Recommend :
Scores of employees gathered to help Bob Moore celebrate his 81st birthday this week at the company that bears his name , Bob ’s Red Mill Natural Foods .
Moore , whose mutual love of healthful eating and old - world technologies spawned an internationally distributed line of products , responded with a gift of his own — the whole company .
The Employee Stock Ownership Plan that Moore unveiled means that his 209 employees now own the place and its 400 offerings of stone - ground flours , cereals and bread mixes .
Can anybody else do this ?
Guy have a great talent !
Words may be considered inherently funny , for reasons ranging from onomatopoeia to phonosemantics .
Such words have been used by a range of influential comedians , including W. C. Fields , to enhance the humor of their routines .
For example , the radio panel game I ’m Sorry I Have n’t a Clue includes an occasional round called “ Straight Face ” , in which the panelists take turns saying a single word .
A player is eliminated from the game if anyone in the audience laughs at their word ( “ even the merest titter ” ) .
The winner is the last player standing .
It is part of the mythology of actors and writers that the consonant plosives ( so called because they start suddenly or “ explosively ” ) p , b , t , d , k , and g are the funniest sounds in the English language .
According to Douglas Adams , the idea that the answer to “ the ultimate question of life , the universe , and everything ” in The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy is 42 is funny because it is an “ ordinary , smallish ” number . [ 2 ]
In the 1996 video Caesar ’s Writers , former writers for Sid Caesar ’s Your Show of Shows discuss a skit in which Imogene Coca places a bet on a roulette wheel .
The writers tried out several numbers before deciding “ thirty - two ” was the funniest number Coca could say . [ 3 ]
Neil Simon , one of the writers , went on to write Laughter on the 23rd Floor , based on his experiences writing for Caesar .
He claimed the 23 in the play ’s title was a transposition of 32 [ citation needed ] .
Carl Reiner created the Dick Van Dyke Show based on his experiences as a writer for “ Your Show of Shows . ”
In a first season episode , “ The Curious Thing About Women , ” Morey Amsterdam ’s character , Buddy , explains that a package in a comedy skit they are writing should contain 32 pounds of hair , rather than 15 , because “ 32 has always been a funnier number .
I hear 32 , I get hysterical ! ”
“ Weird Al ” Yankovic uses the number 27 prominently in his songs and videos because , according to him , “ twenty - seven is a funny number . ” [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
On the DVD commentary for the British sitcom I ’m Alan Partridge , its writers put forward their own theory of funny numbers , going against the more common view that smaller , specific numbers are funny and instead employing large , round numbers ( e.g. “ a million pounds ” ) .
Steve Coogan , creator and star of the sitcom , said in an interview : “… like the number 37 .
Everyone uses that as a funny number .
It ’s used quite a lot as a random comedy number , like ‘ that ’s the 37th time this has happened . ’
People should use random numbers more .
Like ‘ fifty . ’
Alan Partridge ’s assistant is fifty .
That was her age .
And it sounded funny ; I would say , ‘ this is my assistant Lynn , fifty . ’ “ [ 6 ]
( Natural News ) Vitamin D deficiency may triple a person 's risk of high blood pressure , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University of Michigan School of Public Health and presented at a meeting of the American Heart Association in Chicago .
" Our results indicate that early vitamin D deficiency may increase the long - term risk of high blood pressure in women at mid-life , " researcher Flojaune Griffin said .
The researchers recruited 559 white women from Tecumseh , Michigan , who were between 24 and 44 years old when the study began in 1992 .
The participants ' vitamin D blood levels were measured at the beginning of the study and once a year after that for 15 years .
At the beginning of the study , 5.5 percent of the women who were deficient in vitamin D suffered from high blood pressure , compared with only 2.8 percent of the women who had sufficient levels of the vitamin .
At the end of the study in 2007 , 10 percent of the women in the deficiency group had high blood pressure , compared with only 3.7 percent in the " sufficient " group .
" This is preliminary data so we can't say with certainty that low vitamin D levels are directly linked to high blood pressure , " Griffin said .
" But this may be another example of how what you do early in life impacts your health years later .
" Vitamin D is known to play a crucial role in producing strong bones and teeth .
New research increasingly suggests that it also helps regulate the immune system and protect against cancer , autoimmune disorders and heart disease .
The body naturally produces vitamin D upon exposure to sunlight .
A number of factors have led to widespread deficiency , however , especially at latitudes far from the equator .
These factors include less time spent outside and overuse of sunscreen .
Dark - skinned people living at extreme latitudes are also especially vulnerable , as their bodies produce less vitamin D from the same amount of sun than those of lighter - skinned people .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com;
Code by Any Other Name
Pattern matching in Scala for expressions
by Ian Robertson
January 31 , 2010
Summary
Scala pattern matchers with side effects can have unexpected results in for expressions .
Advertisement
Scala has taken the traditional for - construct and put it on steroids .
One of the interesting features is the ability to use pattern matching as part of a for expression .
For example , the following :
case class Person ( firstName : String , lastName : String ) ;
val people = List (
Person ( " Jane " , " Smith " ) ,
Person ( " John " , " Doe " ) ,
Person ( " Jane " , " Eyre " ) ) ;
for ( Person ( " Jane " , last ) <- people ) yield " Ms. " + last ;
last
yield
List ( " Ms. Smith " , " Ms. Eyre " )
object First {
def unapply [ A ] ( iter : Iterator [ A ] ) : Option [ ( A ) ] = {
if ( iter.hasNext ) Some( iter.next ) else None ;
}
}
val iters = List ( Iterator.from ( 1 ) , Iterator.from ( 3 ) ) ;
for( First ( x ) <- iters ) yield x ;
List ( 1,3 )
List ( 2 , 4 )
will ( effectively ) iterate over all people with a first name of Jane , bindto each person 's last name in turn , and then generate a list of the results of theblock , thus returning
In this example , we 're using a case class to provide the pattern matching for us , but we can easily role our own .
For example , consider the following matcher which will return the first element of an iterator , if there is one :
We can try to get the first element of some iterators :
However , this does not yieldas one might expect .
Instead , it yields
So what is going on here ?
According to Programming in Scala , a pattern match in a for loop gets converted into a filter followed by a map .
Specifically ,
for ( pat <- expr 1 ) yield expr 2
expr 1 filter {
case pat => true ;
case _ => false ;
} map {
case pat => expr 2 ;
}
2
next
is translated by the compiler to In other words , first the input expression is filtered for those elements which match the pattern , and then in a separate pass , the pattern is applied for the purpose of evaluating .
Unfortunately , there are a couple of issues with this .
First , if the pattern match is computationally expensive , that work will be doubled for every match .
Second , and more concerning , if the pattern match is not side effect free , then unexpected results like the one above can happen .
In the example above , the pattern match , by callingon an iterator , changes the state of the iterator , so that a different result comes out in the second pass .
Interestingly , Programming Scala states that " it 's guarannteed that a pattern - matching generator will never throw a MatchError " .
In fact , this is not true .
For example , executing
for ( First ( x ) <- List ( Iterator.single ( 1 ) ) ) yield x ;
scala .MatchError : empty iterator
at $ anonfun $ 2.apply ( < console > : 6 )
at $ anonfun $ 2.apply ( < console > : 6 )
at scala .List.map(List.scala:812 )
will try to access a single - element iterator twice , resulting in :
One way to view this situation is that Scala 's for construct is inherently functional , and should not be mixed with non-functional constructs such as iterators .
However , it turns out that there is a completely functional fix to this problem .
Simply change the compile - time pattern - match translation to something like :
expr 1 map {
case pat => Some ( expr 2 ) ;
case _ =>
None ;
} filter {
case Some(_ ) => true ;
case None => false ;
} map {
case Some(x ) => x ;
}
expr 1 map {
pat.unapply (_ ) ;
} filter {
_.isDefined ;
} map {
_.get ;
}
Option
filterMap
filterForEach
Talk Back !
or , more succinctly :
Of course , there is a cost to this approach : by introducing a third pass , extra an extra list ofobjects is created .
Another fix would be to add new methodsandwhich cut down the work to a single pass .
While less elegant , it would clearly provide a performance boost , and it would be largely hidden from view .
In the mean time , one should use pattern matching in for expressions with care .
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 6 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Ian Robertson adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Ian Robertson is an application architect at Verisk Health .
He is interested in finding concise means of expression in Java without sacrificing type safety .
He contributes to various open source projects , including jamon and pojomatic .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2010 Ian Robertson .
All rights reserved .
From the Association of American Railroads : Rail Time Indicators .
AAR reports that " 2009 saw total carload traffic on U.S. railroads at its lowest levels since at least 1988 , when the AAR ’s data series began . "
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows U.S. average weekly rail carloads .
It is important to note that excluding coal , traffic is up 6.9 % from December 2008 , and traffic increased in 12 of the 19 major commodity categories .
Housing :
In addition to the decline in coal , two key building materials were also down YoY from December 2008 : Forest products and Nonmetallic minerals & prod .
( like crushed stone , gravel , sand ) .
This fits with the recent data on housing starts , new home sales , and the NAHB home builder index that shows residential investment is flat and non-residential investment is declining sharply .
From AAR :
• Good riddance to 2009 .
U.S. freight railroads completed a very difficult year by originating 1,241,293 carloads in December , an average of 248,259 carloads per week .
That ’s down 4.1 % from December 2008 ’s average of 258,915 carloads per week and down 17.6 % from December 2007 ’s average of 301,466 .
• Rail traffic always falls sharply in late December due to the holidays .
This year , unusually heavy early - season snow in parts of the country also negatively affected rail traffic .
• Total U.S. rail carloads in December 2009 were 53,281 lower than in December 2008 , mainly because of coal .
Coal was down 96,022 carloads in December 2009 from December 2008 .
That ’s equal to 19,200 fewer coal carloads , or around 175 110 - car coal trains , per week .
Rail carloads excluding coal were 42,741 ( 6.9 % ) higher in December 2009 than in December 2008 .
• It ’s useful to compare current rail traffic levels to the collapsed levels of a yearago .
To use a boxing analogy , doing so shows if rail carloads have gotten up off the mat after nearly getting knocked out .
And , in fact , for many commodities that seems to be happening .
12 of the 19 major commodity categories tracked by the AAR saw higher carloads in December 2009 than in December 2008 .
emphasis added
The AAR report has a number of other graphs for various sectors like autos and housing .
America Punk'd
if this story was true
50 Useful Coding Techniques ( CSS Layouts , Visual Effects and Forms )
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Although CSS is generally considered a simple and straightforward language , sometimes it requires creativity , skill and a bit of experimentation .
The good news is that designers and developers worldwide often face similar problems and choose to share their insights and workarounds with the wider community .
This is where we come in .
We are always looking to collect such articles for our posts so that we can deliver the most useful and relevant content to our readers .
In this post , we present an overview of useful CSS / jQuery coding tips , tricks and techniques for visual effects , layouts and web form design to help you find solutions to the problems you are dealing with or will have to deal with in future .
You may want to look at similar CSS - related posts that we published last months :
CSS Layouts : Techniques And Workarounds
Facebook Style Footer Admin Panel
Learn how to re-create the Facebook footer admin panel with CSS and jQuery .
Also check out part 2 .
Adaptable View : How Do They Do It ?
This tutorial explains how to manually change a layout , and it shows two great examples and “ how they did it . ”
Easy Display Switch with CSS and jQuery
A quick and simple way to enable users to switch page layouts using CSS and jQuery .
Quick Tip - Resizing Images Based On Browser Window Size
In fluid layouts , formatting text to adjust smoothly to window size is easy , but images are not as fluid - friendly .
This quick tip shows how to switch between two image sizes based on the size of the browser , the DIV or whatever else you choose .
One Page Résumé Site
A clean layout on one page — literally ( just one index.html file with optional images ) .
It comes with contact information in microformats and a main area for the resume using a definition list ( dl ) .
And it prints well .
Pegs : Automate Display : fixed ++
Chris Wetherell posts on Pegs , a strategy for having one scroll bar but independent scrolling areas .
After the first one , click on the other items to flip between sizes .
You will see that an area ’s scroll depends on the configuration .
CSS 100 % Height
A common problem among designers is how to get a div to stretch 100 % of the window ’s height .
There are a few different techniques out there , and this tutorial shows one of them .
CSS3 Drop - Down Menu
A clean , simple a nice navigation menu , designed by Nick La .
CSS Trick for a Scrolling Transparent Background Effect
Scroll the page to watch a battle between good and evil take shape .
The effect requires two images : one transparent and one tiled gradient image .
The gradient scrolls under the transparent PNG .
Because it matches the colors in the PNG , each set of images disappears , depending on the part of the gradient they ’re on top of .
Fluid Images
By default , an image element that is 500 pixels does n’t exactly play nice with a container as large as 800 pixels or one as small as 100 .
What ’s a designer to do ?
Scroll / Follow Sidebar , Multiple Techniques
A really simple concept : the sidebar follows you as you scroll down the page .
There are a number of ways to go about it .
Two are covered here : CSS and JavaScript ( jQuery ) , with a bonus CSS trick .
Vertical Centering With CSS
There are a few different ways to vertically center objects using CSS , but choosing the right one can be difficult .
Here is a list of the best ways and an explanation of how to create a nice centered website .
Create YouTube - like adaptable view using CSS and jQuery
Other than the “ Turn off the lights ” feature , YouTube has great stuff , such as the “ change view ” feature , which allows you to switch between normal and wide mode , thus expanding or shrinking the video area .
Creating this is very simple .
How To Create a Horizontally Scrolling Site
If websites were made of wood , the grain would run up and down .
Vertical is the natural flow of the Web .
But browsers are equipped with vertical and horizontal scroll bars , right ?
We have the choice to go against the grain and create web pages that scroll primarily horizontally and that even expand horizontally to accommodate more content .
Perhaps a slight blow to usability , but a cool creative touch nonetheless !
Purely CSS - Faking Minimum Margins
min-margin is non-existent in the CSS world .
After you ’ve pondered and Googled it , check out the solution here .
Create Sidebars of Equal Height with Faux Columns
CSS can be tricky business .
Creating columns of equal height , where the content in one column is longer than the content in another , is frustrating .
Here ’s where the faux - column technique can help .
Find out how this solution makes even the most complicated layout a breeze to code .
Setting Equal Heights with jQuery
Here is a script to match the heights of boxes in the same container and create a tidy grid , with little overhead .
Quick Tip : Centered Fake Floats
There were ways to center - align left - floated elements , but then inline - block became popular and everything changed .
After a bit of tinkering , Zaharenia Atzitzikaki found an efficient and ( mostly ) cross - browser - compatible way to center elements without floats .
6 Flexible jQuery Plugins to Control Web Page Layouts Easily
A collection of six jQuery plug-ins to manage page layouts easily .
Four Methods to Create Equal - Height Columns
This article discusses ways to create equal - height columns that work in all major browsers ( including IE6 ) .
All of the methods show how to create a three - column layout .
How to : CSS Large Background
A tutorial with various CSS examples for how to create a large background using either a single image or double images .
A Nice Little CSS Positioning Technique
Here , we have a basic unordered list ( ul ) , with left - floated images where the text does n’t wrap under the images .
Of course , this technique could be deployed in loads of other instances .
Perfect Full Page Background Image
This technique allows an image to fill the page , with no white space .
The image scales as needed and retains its proportions , without triggering scroll bars .
Smart Columns With CSS and jQuery
In observing liquid - width websites , Soh Tanaka sees two common techniques for displaying columns : fixed columns and liquid columns .
He points out the drawbacks of both and pitches his solution .
Images And Visual Effects With CSS
A Beautiful Apple - Style Slideshow Gallery With CSS and jQuery
Create an Apple - like slideshow gallery , similar to the one used on Apple ’s website to showcase products .
It works entirely in the front end ; no PHP or databases required .
Rolling a coke can around with pure CSS
Román Cortés is having a lot of fun doing CSS tricks these days .
He just built a rolling coke can that uses background - attachment , background - position and a few other tricks to achieve the effect .
No fancy CSS3 needed here !
Grayscale Hover Effect With CSS and jQuery
A few months ago , James Padolsey introduced a cool grayscale technique for non-IE browsers .
His technique inspired Soh Tanaka to come up with a workaround with a similar effect .
His solution relies on CSS Sprites and a few lines of jQuery , but it requires a bit of preparation before implementation .
It is not recommended for large - scale projects ; it is probably best for portfolio pieces .
Codename Rainbows
Some JavaScript and CSS magic is used here to apply a two - color gradient to text .
Shadows and highlights can also be applied .
This works especially well on big websites and for dynamic content where creating images for every instance would be impractical .
3 Easy and Fast CSS Techniques for Faux Image Cropping
This article summarizes three fast and easy CSS techniques for displaying only a portion of an image .
All of the techniques need only a couple of lines of CSS .
You are not literally cropping , which is why it ’s called faux image cropping .
These techniques can be helpful if you want to keep images to a certain size ( for example , thumbnails in a news section ) .
Being able to use CSS to control which portion of an image to display is great .
Image Rollover Borders That Do Not Change Layout
With CSS , the border of any block - level element is factored into the element ’s size in the layout .
So , if you add a border to an element on hover , the layout will shift .
In this post , you will find how to use the regular border property and create inner borders to get around that .
Horizontal Stripes
This tutorial shows you how to create never ending horizontal stripes in your web design using CSS .
Nine Techniques for CSS Image Replacement
Put nine different techniques of image replacement to the test .
Bokeh effects with CSS3 and jQuery
This tutorial teaches you how to re-create the bokeh effect with CSS 3 .
With some help from jQuery , we can add some randomness in colour , size and position for the effect .
A Stationary Logo That Changes on Page Scroll with CSS
Here is an interesting effect that modifies the logo when the page is scrolled , using the CSS background - attachment property .
Silhouette Fade - Ins
To achieve the effect in the image above , first we need a DIV with the silhouettes as a background image .
Then we put four images in that DIV , all the exact same size , with each band member highlighted .
These images are hidden by default .
Then you absolutely position four regions on top of the DIV ; these are the roll - over link areas .
With jQuery , we apply hover events to them , fading in the appropriate image .
Creating Triangles in CSS ( the link was removed due to possible malware )
Few people realize that a browser draws borders at angles .
This technique takes advantage of that .
One side of the border is given the color of the arrow , and the rest are transparent .
Then you give the border a large width ; the ones above are 20 pixels .
A parallax optical illusion with CSS : The Horse in Motion
Time for some fun with CSS and optical illusions .
Pure CSS Line Graph
The idea here is not only to offer data visualization to people who are n’t comfortable using scripting languages , but to demonstrate the power of CSS and offer a different way of using CSS .
If you are not a fan of line graphs and data visualization , you may still benefit from this article .
Think of it as a CSS experiment , and learn a thing or two about CSS Sprites and positioning .
Zooming with jQuery and CSS
This post is about text zooming with jQuery and CSS .
This is a basic - level tutorial about changing a style using a jQuery script .
A simple way to zoom website content .
Create Resizing Thumbnails Using Overflow Property
This tutorial teaches you how to control thumbnail sizes .
Sometimes we do n’t have enough space to fit large thumbnails , and yet we would rather avoid small indecipherable images .
Using this trick , we can limit the default dimensions of thumbnails and show them at full size when the user mouses over them .
Cross - browser drop shadows using pure CSS
Most methods of adding drop - shadows to content blocks require additional HTML mark - up and one or more PNG images .
But by combining the Glow and Shadow filters , something that fairly closely resembles the rendered CSS3 shadow can be achieved .
Date Badges and Comment Bubbles for Your Blog
One of the things you have to deal with when your blog grows is having to cram more info into less space to show everything you want to show .
One thing you can do is add an icon for the date and then a bubble over it with the number of comments for that post .
CSS Tables And Web Forms
UX trick : display form data as tabular data
This is a little trick to enhance the user experience of forms .
It displays editable form data as readable tabular data .
Tables : Not As Evil As You Think
Tables are evil , right ?
Yes and no .
For tabular data , they ’re not , of course .
That ’s what tables are for in the first place .
CSS can do an excellent job of styling a properly formatted table , and the table structure provides good scaffolding for JavaScript calls .
But what is addressed here is using tables for non-tabular data ( i.e. for the layout ) .
Yes , that ’s right : using tables for layout .
Perfect Drop - Down Log - In Box Like Twitter Using jQuery
This shows you how to create a Twitter - style drop - down log - in form using jQuery .
It ’s really easy , it saves space on the page and visitors feel comfortable with the awesome toggle form .
Make a Select ’s Options Printable
When printing a Web page with select elements on it , the select drop - down prints just as it looks on the Web .
This of course is practically useless on the printed page .
One option for handling this is to follow every select HTML element with an unordered list that duplicates the content .
Hide the unordered list in your main CSS file and reveal it with your print style sheet .
This is a reasonable approach , except that it ’s a big ol ’ pain in the butt to deal with all the time .
Let ’s rely on jQuery to do the heavy lifting instead .
Twitter - Like Log - In With jQuery and CSS
This post explains how to get the Twitter - like hide and show effect for logging in using jQuery and CSS . ”
Very simple : just five lines of JavaScript for the hide ( ) and show ( ) events and a little CSS .
Clean and Pure CSS Form Design
This tutorial illustrates how to design a pure CSS form without using HTML tables .
CSSG Collection : Free Comment Styles
This is the second CSSG collection from CSS Globe .
Have a Field Day with HTML5 Forms
Here is a look at how to style a beautiful HTML5 form using some advanced CSS and the latest CSS3 techniques .
You will definitely want to re-style your forms after having read this article .
Editable / Printable Invoice
Create editable and printable invoices using CSS and some JavaScript .
This is version 2 from Vinh Pham .
How to Mask Passwords Like the iPhone
Many smartphones , including the iPhone , show the last character that you typed in a password field with a delay of a second or two .
You can see that last character but not the entire password .
But browsers do n’t do what these mobile devices do .
Here is a solution , with some fancy JavaScript and behind - the - scenes trickery .
Make Web Forms Suck Less With Labels
We ’ve been filling out Web forms for years , and we all gripe that they could be better .
Even with generous padding , the fields are too small .
But hardly anyone has improved the most under - rated interaction of them all : checkboxes and radio buttons .
FancyForm : JavaScript checkbox replacement
FancyForm is a powerful and flexible checkbox - replacement script that changes the appearance and function of HTML form elements .
It is accessible and easy to use , and it degrades gracefully on older non-supported browsers .
j Query checkbox v.1.3.0 Beta 1
A lightweight custom - styled checkbox implementation for jQuery 1.2.x and 1.3.x .
Disabled labels and the Trilemma plug-in
The form above on the left makes use of the disabled attribute , but the default browser settings for disabled inputs do n’t contrast as much as one would like .
To better distinguish at a glance between which inputs are disabled and enabled , the labels of disabled inputs in the form on the right are styled with a faint gray color .
A parallax optical illusion with CSS : The Horse in Motion
Time for some fun with CSS and optical illusions .
Pure CSS Line Graph
The idea here is not only to offer data visualization to people who are n’t comfortable using scripting languages , but to demonstrate the power of CSS and offer a different way of using CSS .
If you are not a fan of line graphs and data visualization , you may still benefit from this article .
Think of it as a CSS experiment , and learn a thing or two about CSS Sprites and positioning .
Zooming with jQuery and CSS
This post is about text zooming with jQuery and CSS .
This is a basic - level tutorial about changing a style using a jQuery script .
A simple way to zoom website content .
Create Resizing Thumbnails Using Overflow Property
This tutorial teaches you how to control thumbnail sizes .
Sometimes we do n’t have enough space to fit large thumbnails , and yet we would rather avoid small indecipherable images .
Using this trick , we can limit the default dimensions of thumbnails and show them at full size when the user mouses over them .
Cross - browser drop shadows using pure CSS
Most methods of adding drop - shadows to content blocks require additional HTML mark - up and one or more PNG images .
But by combining the Glow and Shadow filters , something that fairly closely resembles the rendered CSS3 shadow can be achieved .
Date Badges and Comment Bubbles for Your Blog
One of the things you have to deal with when your blog grows is having to cram more info into less space to show everything you want to show .
One thing you can do is add an icon for the date and then a bubble over it with the number of comments for that post .
CSS Tables And Web Forms
UX trick : display form data as tabular data
This is a little trick to enhance the user experience of forms .
It displays editable form data as readable tabular data .
Tables : Not As Evil As You Think
Tables are evil , right ?
Yes and no .
For tabular data , they ’re not , of course .
That ’s what tables are for in the first place .
CSS can do an excellent job of styling a properly formatted table , and the table structure provides good scaffolding for JavaScript calls .
But what is addressed here is using tables for non-tabular data ( i.e. for the layout ) .
Yes , that ’s right : using tables for layout .
Perfect Drop - Down Log - In Box Like Twitter Using jQuery
This shows you how to create a Twitter - style drop - down log - in form using jQuery .
It ’s really easy , it saves space on the page and visitors feel comfortable with the awesome toggle form .
Make a Select ’s Options Printable
When printing a Web page with select elements on it , the select drop - down prints just as it looks on the Web .
This of course is practically useless on the printed page .
One option for handling this is to follow every select HTML element with an unordered list that duplicates the content .
Hide the unordered list in your main CSS file and reveal it with your print style sheet .
This is a reasonable approach , except that it ’s a big ol ’ pain in the butt to deal with all the time .
Let ’s rely on jQuery to do the heavy lifting instead .
Twitter - Like Log - In With jQuery and CSS
This post explains how to get the Twitter - like hide and show effect for logging in using jQuery and CSS . ”
Very simple : just five lines of JavaScript for the hide ( ) and show ( ) events and a little CSS .
Clean and Pure CSS Form Design
This tutorial illustrates how to design a pure CSS form without using HTML tables .
CSSG Collection : Free Comment Styles
This is the second CSSG collection from CSS Globe .
Have a Field Day with HTML5 Forms
Here is a look at how to style a beautiful HTML5 form using some advanced CSS and the latest CSS3 techniques .
You will definitely want to re-style your forms after having read this article .
Editable / Printable Invoice
Create editable and printable invoices using CSS and some JavaScript .
This is version 2 from Vinh Pham .
How to Mask Passwords Like the iPhone
Many smartphones , including the iPhone , show the last character that you typed in a password field with a delay of a second or two .
You can see that last character but not the entire password .
But browsers do n’t do what these mobile devices do .
Here is a solution , with some fancy JavaScript and behind - the - scenes trickery .
Make Web Forms Suck Less With Labels
We ’ve been filling out Web forms for years , and we all gripe that they could be better .
Even with generous padding , the fields are too small .
But hardly anyone has improved the most under - rated interaction of them all : checkboxes and radio buttons .
FancyForm : JavaScript checkbox replacement
FancyForm is a powerful and flexible checkbox - replacement script that changes the appearance and function of HTML form elements .
It is accessible and easy to use , and it degrades gracefully on older non-supported browsers .
j Query checkbox v.1.3.0 Beta 1
A lightweight custom - styled checkbox implementation for jQuery 1.2.x and 1.3.x .
Disabled labels and the Trilemma plug-in
The form above on the left makes use of the disabled attribute , but the default browser settings for disabled inputs do n’t contrast as much as one would like .
To better distinguish at a glance between which inputs are disabled and enabled , the labels of disabled inputs in the form on the right are styled with a faint gray color .
Fluid Search Box
Creating a fluid search box when you have only a single element next to it is trivial .
What you should do is wrap the input in an element and use padding to create space for the fixed element ; then position the fixed element absolutely ( or relatively ) in the space created by the padding .
Last Click
Browser Pong
A whole new pong game using three browser windows for the ball and racquets .
Clever !
( kk ) ( jb ) ( vf ) ( al )
I do not know what to write .
I am sitting here staring at the screen , running sentences in my head , and turning my music on and off .
Earlier I went foraging for food ( in hopes of sparking some magical words ) , but ended up getting distracted by Arrested Development for 20 minutes .
This happens just about every time I sit down to do anything .
I ’ll probably go play the guitar between this paragraph and the next .
Of course this is a familiar situation .
Often referred to as “ writer ’s block ” , the concept of an inspiration rut is unfortunately very familiar to every creative in any field .
Sometimes ideas just do n’t show up to work .
Given this , we all develop strategies to combat such a scenario .
Not all are foolproof , but it ’s safe to say that most creative people have some battle plan for dealing with the dreaded “ blank page ” .
Knowing this I decided to ask some of today ’s most exciting artists and creators what they do when the ideas are n’t flowing .
I left the question fairly open ended and asked , What do you do to inspire your creativity when you find yourself in a rut ?
As expected , I was presented with an array of strategies , ranging from listening to Boards of Canada in a forest alone , to cooking up a storm ( recipe provided ) and waiting for the mind to clear .
What follows are 25 strategies from these creatives to spark your inspiration ; hopefully you ’ll find something helpful in there .
I encourage you to list your favorite strategies as well in the comments .
We can never have to many of these …
Nicolas Felton
I try to alternate the tenor of my years , like crop rotations .
In odd - numbered years ( eg , 2009 ) I travel more and concentrate on personal projects and initiatives , while in even - numbered years ( eg , 2008 ) , I try to do more work and make more of a profit .
In the odd years , I try to take a long trip .
In 2005 I spent 5 weeks with a round - the - world ticket , while in 2007 I went to China , Tibet and Nepal for 3 weeks .
After both trips , I returned to my desk filled with thoughts and initiative to create .
My other strategy is to keep my plate as full as possible .
I tend to say yes to more than I can do , and the fear of failure keeps the work flowing .
When I ’m really at a loss , and feel as if my designs are simply circling the drain , I will leave the office .
There ’s no point in trying to blindly bump into a solution , so whether it ’s sketching in the park or reading a book , I avoid trying to use brute force to get out … it ’s a bit like trying to get rid of the hiccups .
Tom Muller
Anyway I got the idea for the typeface by looking at some older type design work I had done ( yes , sometimes your own work can be a source of ideas — thats what sketches and notebooks are for ) , and looking at vintage book covers and Wim Crouwel ’s Hiroshima poster .
So its always a factor of things in the end .
Which reminds me of something I saw on TV : Years ago I saw a documentary on a Belgian comic book artist who had adapted Joe Haldeman ’s Forever War into a graphic novel , and a journalist asked him where he got all ideas for the designs of the space ships , and the artist pulled out a piece of a plastic hull for electric wiring ( he had an background in architecture ) and said he spotted that thing lying around one day in his studio and thought it would be ideal to design a spacecraft .
So there you go .
Ideas are everywhere , especially when you ’re not really looking for them .
Audrey Kawasaki
Khoi Vinh
Kalle Gustafsson
Build
Slice and chop 2 medium onions into small pieces .
Put a medium sized pan on a medium heat with a few glugs of Olive oil .
Add the onions to the pan , and a pinch of salt and pepper .
Chop finely three varieties of fresh chilli ( Birds Eye , Scotch Bonnet & Green / Red ) .
Add the chilli’s to the pan , stir together and cook for eight minutes .
Add about 500g of extra lean Beef mince to the pan .
Stir in so that the Beef is coated and lightly browned ( should take approx . 2 minutes ) .
Add salt and pepper .
Add Red Kidney Beans and tinned chopped Tomatoes .
Stir well .
Add a pinch of Cinnamon .
Cook on a low heat for approximately 20 mins .
–
Measure a cup and a half of Basmati Rice into a medium pan .
Add two and a quarter cups ( the same cup you measured the Rice in ) of cold water to the pan with the Rice .
Boil on a high heat until the lid rattles .
Turn down the heat to about half way and cook for eight minutes .
After eight minutes turn the heat off the rice , leave for four minutes ( with the lid on ) .
–
Plate up the Rice ( on the side ) , add the chilli .
–
Large glass of Red wine ( preferably Australian or New Zealand ) .
–
Now the important problem solving part–
Take the plates & pans to the sink .
Run a mixture of hot and cold ( not too hot ) water .
Add a smidgeon of washing up liquid ( preferably for sensitive skin ) .
Start washing up , the mundane kicks in .
The mind clears and new thoughts and ideas appear .
–
Enjoy a second glass of wine to savour the moment .
Mark Weaver
Chad Hagen
Jasper Goodall
Kim Holtermand
Often the melancholy of the music I listen to gets me in a certain mood and from their the ideas start coming .
Erik Spiekermann
1. Avoid
Do something else , wash the car , back - up your data , do errands …
2 . Think
Sit back and think about the issue , just let your mind go …
3. Research
Look up stuff , go through your old projects , but avoid Google — it takes too long to find anything useful …
4. Collect
We all have lots of stuff ; there must be something in there that is waiting to be used …
5. Sketch
Drawing is great , even if you have no talent .
Just visualising the simplest things makes them come alive …
6. Deconstruct
Take the problem apart , look at the parts and then put them back together …
Si Scott
Chuck Anderson
Deth P. Sun
Ji Lee
• Take long showers .
Somehow I can think little differently while I ’m in the shower .
It washes away my old thoughts and I feel renewed .
• Clean my surroundings .
I cannot think clearly when there ’s a mess around me .
• If it still does n’t work , I go for a bike ride and I try not to think about the project at all .
Somehow things always work out in the end .
Designunit
Mike Perry
MINE
To me there are three factors that contribute to creative block :
One , believing you ’re stuck .
Two , knowing you ’re stuck but not knowing how to get out .
And three , knowing you ’re stuck and knowing how to get out , but doubting your ability to do it .
Here are my solutions , respectively :
1. I ask myself , am I really stuck ?
Sometimes we think we ’re stuck or we want to think we ’re stuck but we ’re actually on track and just do n’t know it .
Some paths are inevitable .
Remember , a rut is also a groove .
2. I do nothing .
Being stuck is usually a matter of not seeing the problem clearly .
The best medicine for that is perspective .
I measure perspective in units of time and distance .
Getting a away from a problem helps give me better view of it .
Instead of flailing away I ’ll do something unrelated — like go to a museum or watch a movie .
Inevitably , something in that other experience presents itself as the answer to the problem I ’m trying to ignore .
3 . I become awesome .
Sometimes I ’m faced with a problem to which I know the solution , but executing on it just seems too hard .
One trick I use to get over that feeling is to work on other , easier tasks .
They do n’t have to be related — finally touching up that paint above the office light switch , finishing a blog post , organizing the garage are all fine examples .
Taking on a bunch of little things that I can do quickly ( and well ) puts me in the mindset of being able to accomplish things .
Then when I come back to that insurmountable problem it ’s just the next task to check off the list .
No more anxiety .
Airside
2 .
Do n’t all sit in a meeting and somehow expect that something will pop into your collective conscious .
Do n’t read the design press , do n’t go to google images or youtube .
Do n’t force it – get out of the studio .
Go to the theatre , go to gigs , go to museums , take time off work , go for a walk , stop looking at your computer , turn off your mobile and the tv , Have a chat with your mates about something meaningful .
3 .
Diversify your interests .
The broader your interests and your absorption of culture the more relevant your designs become for your clients .
Put yourself in your clients place and try to imagine how they will receive your thinking .
Throw up lots of ideas , exchange opinions with your colleagues , road test your thinking with them , think around the subject , look at it from all angles then apply relentless rigour in creating your design .
OR not .
Go with your gut instinct because you are so bored of laborious over - worked responses it takes all the joy out of life and you ca n’t remember why you started in the creative industries if everything is designed by committee and compromise .
Draw a lot just for the sake of it .
Ignore style .
Have the courage of your convictions provided you are extremely talented , if not , listen .
Listen in any case .
dress code
A : When it comes to daily creativity , I try to break down all of my tasks in a rough schedule everyday .
I work on projects from 2 - 3 hour chunks at a time .
I do not spend an entire day on one project alone unless its absolutely necessary .
I turn off email and IM or check it every hour on the hour .
Breaking down time helps me because when I have 2 hours to complete a task I ’m solely focused on elements or details that might otherwise been overlooked .
I think it makes me more creative because I look forward the next time I will get to work on a project and forces me to take some time off and think about what I will do next time .
The schedule also helps me shift gears between different mediums .
Multi-tasking does n’t work for me , I ca n’t be having an IM conversation while writing a contract while talking to an intern while waiting for an email while trying to design something too .
Getting rid of those small distractions and focusing on a single project helps .
D : The way our studio is set up though we try to have some overlap in who works on what , so there is n’t a ton of pressure on any one person to carry all of the creative weight , which can be kind of daunting and lets us be a bit more free with things .
D : But for the larger macro in a rut stuff we try to keep moving our business in new directions so we can stay happy creatively .
To do self initiated work that balances out the day to day client stuff but in the end comes back and informs it .
A : On a macro scale , creativity comes and goes for me .
I ca n’t predict when I will be excited about a project .
I just try to be happy in my personal life which in turn makes me productive at work .
And being productive at work also makes me happy in my personal life .
So I try to do as many things that make me happy : playing soccer , reading books , playing video games , hanging with my lady , getting drunk , whatever I ’m in the mood for .
I find it tough to be creative when I ’m worried or angry at something .
D : Also we work a lot of different mediums which helps keep things fresh , since one day we can be doing motion and the next a tee shirt or a branding project .
D : Teaching helps too because it exposes us to up and coming talent and fresh ideas every week .
We are learning from them just as much as they are from us .
almost Modern
Besides our work method being dynamic we also love to create work of our own .
To keep our focus clear and to grasp our working method even better .
So we keep ourselves busy to keep the progression going .
Atmostheory
When I find myself in these situations I notice that the more I push myself to get results the more I tend to come up short .
Regardless , I have several weapons in my rut fighting arsenal ; walks , conversations , drawing , reading , records , magazines , vintage shopping , window shopping , digging in old sketchbooks , staring off into space , yoga , TV , red wine , scotch , weed , etc , etc , etc .
I definitely try to avoid trolling the web in search of inspiration .
It seems to easy and it has been come to commonplace in my opinion .
At the end of the day , most of what I feel are my strongest ideas just hit me when I least expect it …
When I ’m bed , the shower , on the subway , or a meeting or something .
When I am not focused on the quest for ideas .
It ’s like all the energy I release looking for them causes a cloud to build around me that has to clear before then can get to me .
Kevin Dart
Invisible Creature
In general , these fresh ( out of the office ) reflective moments – whether they be full days , half days or even a brief few minutes – can be very fulfilling .
In fact , we ’ve started scheduling them into our regular work days each month – something we should have done long ago .
National Forest
Whenever I need inspiration I get up and step away from my computer .
I find that starring at an image , or even worse a blank canvas , can become very frustrating after a while .
I like to take a walk or run outside and look at everything around me .
I tend to find solutions to difficult problems when I ’m not thinking too hard about it .
I find interesting patterns and imagery just looking around and observing everything , like an ice cream truck driving by or the concrete I am running on .
And usually when I have not thought about the project for a little while I come up with a new idea .
– Tess Donohoe
Conclusion
My sincere thanks to everyone for participating .
I ’m sure if anyone out there is having trouble creating , SOMEthing in the above will get you back on track .
A popular solution seems to be to get out of dodge and get out and about …so I ’m off to Starbucks to figure out a better way to write a conclusion .
– alex cornell
Do n’t forget to list your own favorite strategies in the comments .
The more the merrier .
Bill O’Reilly hosts the top rated cable news program right now The O’Reilly Factor .
Jon Stewart , who happens to host the critically acclaimed and influential Daily Show , makes a healthy living criticizing O’Reilly , and more to the point , Fox News .
So its rather remarkable that Fox News invited one of their biggest critics to come on their channel in hopes of providing entertaining television .
Thank you Fox News .
It was an enjoyable and mutually respectful dialog , though the aired version was edited for time .
And while the edits added much - needed structure to the free - form discussion , one wonders how they may have also changed the tone and meaning of the discourse .
While a third segment will air tomorrow night , Mediaite has learned that the entire , unedited 30 minute segment will be available on FoxNews.com tomorrow evening after 9 pm .
Matea Gold from the LA Times covered the interview from behind the scenes , and provided insight that viewers may have missed . :
But most of all , Stewart used his second appearance ever on “ The O’Reilly Factor ” to levy a robust critique of Fox News and its coverage of President Obama .
“ Here ’s what Fox has done , through their cyclonic perpetual emotional machine that is 24 hours a day , 7 days a week :
They have taken reasonable concerns about this president and this economy and turned it into full - fledged panic attack about the next coming of Chairman Mao , ” the comedian told his host .
As for O’Reilly ?
Gold interviewed him after the interview and he had this to say :
“ It was more serious than I expected him to be , ” the commentator said .
“ He wanted to make some points about Fox News , and he made them .
I let him make them .
And I told him , I ’m not offended that he believes that or sees it that way .
I ’m not .
But I think if he would sit down and watch Bret Baier , Shepard Smith , the way our hard news guys cover the White House and Congress and the Supreme Court , he would not see a rooting interest in the GOP . ”
Gold also gave insight behind the inspired decision to host , and broadcast this exchange :
“ Jon is entitled to his criticisms , ” said Bill Shine , executive vice president for programming .
“ We both make our living off the 1st Amendment .
We invited him on , and what other place would allow him to do that ?
That ’s what makes us No. 1 . We invite our critics on and let them criticize us to our face .
” Plus , Shine said , “ It ’s good TV .
I thought it was fun . ”
Because of the current binary nature of opinion media , many outlets will be quick to declare a “ winner ” in all of this .
Yes , Stewart revealed the quick wit and insight that has made him the respected cultural critic that he is .
And O’Reilly demonstrated his command of issues and debate , and his devotees will see the moments where he got his shots .
But the real winner in the following exchange ?
You , the viewer .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
US youth unemployment soars
By Nancy Hanover
8 February 2010
Even prior to the current economic crisis , today ’s young adults were on average poorer and more in debt than their parents .
Since the economic meltdown began in 2008 , however , conditions facing young people have taken a sharp turn for the worse .
Teenage employment ( 16 to 19 years old ) is officially 26.4 percent as of January , but the actual unemployment rate is much higher .
More than half of young people aged 16 - 24 — 52.2 percent — do not have jobs , the highest since World War II .
This includes those who are not looking for work , and are therefore not categorized as officially unemployed .
It is estimated that 6.9 million jobs for young workers have been erased during the current downturn .
This crushing unemployment for American youth is worst among black males between the ages of 16 and 19 , with an unemployment rate of 50 percent .
However , according to a report on National Public Radio ’s “ All Things Considered , ” fewer than 14 in 100 young black men actually have jobs .
A major factor in the dramatic rise of youth unemployment is competition with older workers , who are themselves facing a jobs crisis .
More people 55 and older are now working than before the recession .
As a result of the decline in wages , spouse ’s unemployment and declining home valuations , older workers are not retiring .
If they are laid off , they often seek entry - level positions that previously went to the young .
At the same time , incomes are plummeting for those just starting out .
In 1969 , only 10 percent of men in their early 30s were classified as low earners ( less than the federal poverty rate ) .
By 2004 , it was 23 percent , and it has continued to grow .
A January 2010 report by the Kaiser Foundation highlighted one of the consequences of the systematic impoverishment of the youth .
Young adults are the least likely to have access to health insurance of any group in the US , with an estimated 29.3 percent of the 19 - 29 age group lacking coverage .
Young adults who are working are less likely to have employer - sponsored health insurance and often cannot afford the cost of individual plans .
According to the Kaiser study , of the young workers who have no coverage , more than half live in households with incomes below 150 percent of the federal poverty level .
“ Without insurance coverage , these young adults risk both their physical health and their financial security , ” Kaiser concluded , pointing out that young adults are in a critical developmental period in which many long term conditions and risks should be addressed .
In addition to the employment and cost factors , young people have been victimized by insurance companies that are enabled by state law to drop the children of covered adults once they turn 18 ( 23 for full time students ) .
Meanwhile , under the impact of enormous budget deficits , many states are eliminating low - income health services or insurance subsidies that had helped fill in the gap for young workers .
For example , Tennessee subsidized the insurance costs for certain categories of workers in small businesses , but the state has now halted new enrollment .
Washington ’s Basic Health plan , the first state - subsidized program when it began , will end by July unless it receives $ 160 million in new revenue .
About 300 people a day are added to the waiting list , according to the Kaiser Foundation .
Connecticut offers health insurance on an income - based sliding scale , but the state will freeze enrollment this year .
A similar Pennsylvanian program ’s wait list more than doubled in 2009 .
Declining incomes and rising costs , especially for education , have led to a dramatic rise in debt for young Americans .
A 2008 survey by Demos , “ The Plastic Safety Net , ” found that young people under 35 had an average of $ 9,111 in credit card debt .
More than half used their credit cards to pay for basic living expenses .
Overall , 2009 credit card debt in the US increased by 18 percent , with consumers in many of the hardest - hit states piling up more than a 30 percent increase in revolving debt during the year .
These states include Indiana , Michigan , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania and Tennessee .
Dramatically contributing to the debt of young adults is the increasing burden of education costs .
From 1982 to 2007 , college tuition and fees increased by over 400 percent , even as financial aid shifted from grant - based aid to loans .
The 2008 - 09 academic year showed a 25 percent increase in student loan disbursements , according to the US Education Department , pushing it up to $ 75 billion .
The Pew Charitable Trust did a study , “ The Project on Student Debt , ” which cited $ 23,200 as the average student debt loan .
However , for tens of thousands , their debt is much higher .
BERLIN  A day after his government collapsed , Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said Sunday that he expected Dutch troops to come home from Afghanistan before the end of the year .
A last - ditch effort by Mr. Balkenende to keep Dutch soldiers in the dangerous southern Afghan province of Oruzgan instead saw the Labor Party quit the government in the Netherlands early Saturday , immediately raising fears that the Western military coalition fighting the war was increasingly at risk .
Even as the allied offensive in the Taliban stronghold of Marja continued , it appeared almost certain that most of the 2,000 Dutch troops would be gone from Afghanistan by the end of the year .
The question plaguing military planners was whether a Dutch departure would embolden the war ’s critics in other allied countries , where debate over deployment is continuing , and hasten the withdrawal of their troops as well .
“ The moment the Netherlands says as sole and first country we will no longer have activities at the end of 2010 , it will raise questions in other countries and this really pains me , ” Mr. Balkenende told the Dutch television program “ Buitenhof ” in an interview on Sunday , according to Reuters .
A DOCTOR who won a four - year legal battle to save his three dogs from being put down for attacking humans has been mauled to death by the animals .
Sky News said today the 52 - year - old victim was attacked in his garden in Ljubljana , Slovenia , and died before police arrived .
Officers shot one of the bullmastiffs dead and the other two were put down .
The pets spent years in " custody " pending legal hearings , but when one of them attacked a dog handler , authorities ordered them to be put down .
But at the eleventh hour , in June 2009 , the doctor succeeded in overturning the order and got his dogs back , sparking national controversy .
They were apparently not grateful .
" Three dogs bit their 52 - year - old owner to death in Ljubljana yesterday , " police spokeswoman Maja Adlesic said .
News of the owner 's death prompted an opposition party to call for the resignation of the agriculture minister for failing to stop the dogs from being released back to their owner .
Police gave no more details and have so far refused to identify the victim , in line with the country 's privacy laws .
- Read more about the dog attack at Sky News .
NEW DELHI : In what threatens to cast a shadow on the upcoming Indo - Pakistan talks scheduled for February 25 , three Sikh youths were beheaded by the Taliban in Pakistan ’s Federally Administered Tribal Area ( FATA ) region after they allegedly refused to convert to Islam .
Their severed heads were dumped at a gurudwara in Peshawar .
The Sikh youths — identified as Jaspal Singh , Sarabjit Singh and Baronat Singh — had gone to realise the money owed to them by some people in the FATA region adjoining Afghanistan , when they were abducted by the Taliban militia .
They were allegedly told by the Taliban to embrace Islam or face death .
When the Sikh youth refused , their heads were chopped and sent to the Bhai Joga Singh Gurudwara in Peshawar .
A sizeable number of Sikhs lived in the tribal belt , particularly Aurakzai Agency , till the Taliban imposed jiziya or religious tax on them in 2009 .
Most members of the community , faced with increasing pressure from the Taliban to convert to Islam , have since fled to cities across Pakistan .
Gmail is easily the most popular email application among power users , and with good reason :
It 's an excellent app .
But if you have n't gotten to know its best shortcuts , tricks , Labs features , and add - ons , it 's time you made Gmail sing .
Advertisement
Photo remixed from Google 's own Become a Gmail ninja page .
Way back in 2006 , I showed you my favorite tips , tricks , and tools for making the most of Gmail .
A lot has changed in the Gmail world since then , so much so that it seemed like a good time to revisit our favorite tips , tricks , and tools for getting the most from Gmail .
Most , if not all , of these tips and features will also apply to the Google Apps accounts set up by businesses and organizations , but your administrator may not have enabled everything you see here .
Advertisement
No one really needs to be sold on Gmail anymore .
Either you like the threaded conversations , powerful search , built - in filters , and awesome Gmail Labs functionality or you do n't .
I love these things , and below I 've attempted to put together my comprehensive guide for turning Gmail into the ultimate communication and productivity hub .
( I 'm focusing on covering territory that I did n't cover in my previous guide , so if you 're looking for a more beginner guide , read that first .
Much of it remains true . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 've broken things down into sections , starting with keyboard shortcuts , then moving down into the best Labs add - ons , third - party add - ons , search techniques , etc. Ready to power up your Gmail ?
Let 's get started with how to set up and use Gmail 's robust keyboard shortcuts — my favorite Gmail productivity booster .
Beat Your Inbox into Submission from Your Keyboard
If there 's one thing we love around Lifehacker , it 's the productivity boost we get from keeping our hands glued to the home row .
( Seriously , our love of keyboard shortcuts is almost pathological . )
Anything that allows us to perform tasks from the comfort of our keyboards — without requiring us to drop everything we 're doing , move over to the mouse , hunt for a link or button , and click — ranks high on our list of productivity boosters .
If you share even a tenth of our enthusiasm for keyboard shortcuts , I 've got good news :
You can do absolutely everything in Gmail from the keyboard .
Here 's how :
Advertisement
First , go to your Gmail settings and make sure you 've got Keyboard Shortcuts turned on .
( That link should work if you 're logged into Gmail — it wo n't work with a Google Apps mail account . )
Be sure to save your changes after you 've changed the setting .
Next , click over to Gmail Labs .
Labs is full of experimental features capable of adding functionality to Gmail ( which we 'll get to in more detail below ) , but for now we 're going to focus on just one , called Go to label .
Find it , enable it , and save your changes .
Advertisement
Now you can do nearly anything you could possibly want in Gmail without once pulling your hands away from your keyboard .
You can see a full list of shortcuts here , or view the shortcut help in Gmail at any time by typing '? ' ( a question mark ) , which will give you this shortcut pop-up :
Advertisement
( Click the image above for a closer look . )
That 's all well and good , but it's also a little overwhelming , so let 's break it down a bit .
Advertisement
Navigating Messages :
Advertisement
j and k go up and down :
When you turn on Gmail shortcuts , you 'll notice a small black triangle appears to the left of your messages .
You can move this cursor up and down by hitting the ' j ' or ' k ' keys .
Want to move down a message ?
Hit 'j ' .
Want to move back up ?
Hit 'k ' .
Simple , right ?
o and Enter open messages : Now let 's say you want to read the message next to the cursor .
You 've got two choices : either hit ' o ' or Enter .
( I prefer 'o ' because it 's less of a stretch . )
Not bad , huh ?
When you 're viewing an email , pressing ' j ' or ' k ' will move you to the next or previous email without going back to the list .
Advertisement
n and p move to next and previous messages :
Once you 're viewing an email thread , you 'll notice the black triangle is still there , only now it 's next to messages within a thread .
You can navigate between different messages in an open thread with the ' n ' and ' p ' keys ( think next and previous ) .
Again , to expand collapsed messages , you just press ' o ' or Enter .
Advertisement
Labeling and Moving Messages :
You use Gmail to do more than just read emails , right ?
Hopefully you 're already taking advantage of Gmail labels ( if not , this post describes Gmail labels in detail ) , and now it 's time to learn to label to your heart 's content from the keyboard .
And — surprise — it 's very easy .
Advertisement
l + label name adds a label :
If you 've already opened a thread , you can label it by pressing ' l ' ( for label ) and then typing the name of the label you want to add .
You do n't have to type the whole label name — just enough so that one of your current labels is highlighted .
Once it is , hit Enter to apply the label to the message .
If you 're looking at an inbox pane rather than an open message , you can apply labels to one or multiple threads at a time .
To do so , you need to first mark the threads you want to label by ticking the checkbox next to those messages .
Again , this is normally mouse territory , but you 're a keyboard junkie now .
x ticks a message checkbox : Instead of moving to the mouse , again , press ' j ' or ' k ' to move between messages , then press ' x ' to tick or untick the checkbox next to a message .
You can mark as many as you want , and when you 're ready to label , it 's the same drill as above : 'l' + the name of the label .
Advertisement
You can also create an entirely new label using this shortcut .
Just hit 'l ' and type the name of the new label you want to create .
Advertisement
To remove a label that 's already been applied to a message , you 've got two options .
You can use the same method as above , except rather than typing the name of the label you want to apply , you type the name of the label you want to remove ; doing so when a label has already been applied will remove it .
y removes a label : Alternately , if you want to remove the label you 're currently looking at ( for example , if you searched for label : followup or clicked on your followup label in the sidebar ) , pressing 'y ' will do the trick .
From the inbox , 'y ' will archive the message .
( ' e ' will archive from any view . )
From other labels , pressing 'y ' will remove that label .
Advertisement
v moves messages : Last , if you prefer to think of your labels more like folders , you can move messages using the ' v' keyboard shortcut — which works the same way as the 'l ' shortcut , except in addition to applying a new label , it removes the label you 're currently viewing .
Advertisement
star , spam , and trash :
When you 're either viewing a message or have messages selected , you can press '!' to mark a message as spam , ' # ' to send it to the Trash , or ' s ' to star it .
Composing , Replying , and Forwarding :
You 've got reading , labeling , and moving your messages down pat , but you do occasionally write email , too .
These shortcuts are a breeze to remember .
You can compose a new message at any time by pressing ' c ' , reply to an open email by pressing ' r ' ( or reply all with ' a ' ) , and forward an email by pressing 'f ' .
Easy enough , right ?
Advertisement
Update :
Oh yeah , this always seems like a forgone conclusion for some reason , but to quickly send an email from your keyboard when you 're finished writing , just hit Tab then Enter .
Search and Navigate Your Inbox :
The only major thing left to do is navigate your inbox and labels , which is part of why we installed the Go to labels feature above .
Navigating anywhere in Gmail starts with pressing ' g ' , for Go . From there , it 's a matter of knowing where you want to go .
Advertisement
g then i goes to your inbox
goes to your inbox g then s goes to starred messages
goes to starred messages g then t goes to sent messages
goes to sent messages g then d goes to drafts
goes to drafts g then a goes to all mail
goes to all mail g then c goes to contacts
goes to contacts g then k goes to tasks
goes to tasks g then l then label name goes to that label .
This also works to navigate to any of the other ' g ' shortcuts that have quicker shortcuts ; for example , you could press ' g ' then 'l ' then ' inbox ' to navigate to your inbox rather than ' g ' then 'i ' .
Advertisement
This may have all sounded overly complicated at times , but trust me , all it takes a is a little bit of effort before it's all ingrained in your muscle memory — a task for which you 'll thank yourself !
Advertisement
Note : Surprisingly , I was n't exhaustive above , but I did highlight the shortcuts I use the most .
For a more exhaustive rundown ( minus the Go to label shortcut ) , see Gmail 's shortcut help page .
Add More Functionality with Gmail Labs
You were briefly introduced to the the shortcuts feature above , but that 's only the tip of the Gmail Labs iceberg .
Gmail releases experimental features regularly in Gmail Labs , and some of them are must - haves for the true Gmail junkie .
We rounded up ten of our favorites last year , so I wo n't go in depth beyond pointing out a few of my current favorites .
( Remember , to install any of these Labs features , just point your browser to Gmail Labs and enable any you like . )
Advertisement
Ten Gmail Labs Features
You Should Enable Gmail has been slowly but surely rolling out cool new features ever since they started Gmail Labs . …
Read more
Advertisement
Multiple Inboxes :
Turn your inbox into a dashboard capable of displaying up to five different searches ( like , for example , your trusted trio of email labels ) — in addition to your regular old inbox — by enabling Multiple Inboxes .
Advertisement
YouTube , Flickr , Picasa , Docs , and Voice Previews :
How many times in a week do you get an email pointing to a YouTube video or Flickr set ?
How about a new message notification from Google Voice or a shared Google Doc ?
Enable these features to view ( or preview ) the video , pictures , document , or listen to your Voice message directly inside your email without popping up a new window .
Advertisement
Forgotten Attachment Detector : Avoid sending yet another email missing an attachment with the Forgotten Attachment Detector , which will poke you with an alert message before you can send an email that appears to be promising an attachment .
Advertisement
Undo send :
We 've all accidentally hit Tab +
Enter to send off an email the moment we also noticed a huge typo or other embarrassing problem .
Undo send gives you five seconds after you hit the send button to retrieve your email .
Advertisement
Above I listed a few of my favorite Labs features , but if you take a few minutes looking over what Gmail Labs has to offer , you 'll probably find others you like , too .
Beef Up Gmail with Extensions
Advertisement
If the functionality you 're looking for still is n't available even after you 've enabled your favorite Labs features , then browser extensions might be more your speed .
You 've got plenty of Gmail extensions to choose from , but I 'm particularly partial to Better Gmail 2 , a compilation of Gmail features put together by our very own Gina Trapani .
Features include :
Add Row Highlights :
Highlights the letter rows in the new Gmail when you hover over them with the mouse cursor .
Attachment Icons :
See what kind of attachment an email has in list view .
Attachment Icons ( Native ) : Same as attachment icons , but uses icon images native to your system .
Bottom Post in Reply ( Plain Text only ) : Inserts cursor after the quoted message in plain text replies automatically .
Folders4 Gmail : Lists labels in a folder - like hierarchy .
Hide Chat : Hides Gmail 's Chat box in the sidebar .
Hide Invites Box : Hides the Gmail invites box on the sidebar .
Hide Labels in Message Row :
Hides the labels that appear in a message row unless the user hovers over the message .
Hide Spam Count : Hides Gmail 's Spam message count .
Inbox Count First :
See unread message count first on Gmail tab title .
Show Unread Message Count on Favicon :
Shows the number of unread Gmail messages in the favicon in your Firefox tab .
Advertisement
If you 're partial to David Allen 's Getting Things Done productivity methods , then you might be especially interested in GTDInbox for Gmail , a seriously cool Firefox extension that helps you turn your email into GTD - friendly action items .
Advertisement
Last , the rest of the crew at Lifehacker would have my head if I did n't mention Remember the Milk for Gmail — available as either a Firefox / Chrome extension or gadget — that connects the popular to - do webapp Remember the Milk with your Gmail account .
Advertisement
Dissect Your Inbox with Laser - Precise Searches and Filters
Gmail 's philosophy from the get - go was " Search , do n't sort , " which is why they replaced traditional folders with labels despite the occasional complaint from new users .
It should come as no surprise , then , that Gmail 's search is excellent , and in combination with Gmail 's filters ( which allow you to execute actions on incoming messages that match a specific search criteria ) , the sky 's the limit for how you can slice and dice your inbox .
Advertisement
I wo n't go in depth on Gmail 's search operators or how to put together filters here because I 've done so in pretty good detail here , and not much has changed since then .
For the full rundown of Gmail 's advanced search operators , hit up Gmail Help 's search page .
Advertisement
Manage All Your Email Accounts from Gmail
Last , the great part about Gmail is that — apart from being a killer service — it 's also a great email client , and whether or not you want to use your @gmail.com address , you can still use Gmail to manage all of your other email with aplomb .
Advertisement
Gmail can fetch email from other accounts , filter that email into separate labels by the account they arrived from or just leave them all in one inbox , and send email from any one of them from inside Gmail .
In fact , despite all of the great dedicated desktop email clients out there , Gmail is still the favorite Gmail client among Lifehacker readers .
Rather than detail everything here , I 'll just point you to Gina 's previous guide on how to consolidate all your email using Gmail .
Advertisement
Best Email Client : Gmail
Last week we asked you to share your favorite email client , then we rounded up the results for a… Read more
A person could write a book on all the ins and outs involved in getting more from Gmail ( this post somehow turned into a novella ) , so rather than do that I 've tried to focus on some of the best and newest stuff above .
If you 've got your own favorite features or functionality that I did n't mention , or you just want to drop a " hell yeah " about a feature I mentioned , sound off in the comments .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is the editor of Lifehacker .
His special feature Hack Attack appears regularly on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader , or follow @adampash on Twitter .
A hack attack that targeted Google in December also hit 33 other companies , including financial institutions and defense contractors , and was aimed at stealing source code from the companies , say security researchers at iDefense .
The hackers used a zero - day vulnerability in Adobe Reader to deliver malware to many of the companies and were in some cases successful at siphoning the source code they sought , according to a statement distributed Tuesday by iDefense , a division of VeriSign .
The attack was similar to one that targeted other companies last July , the company said .
A spokeswoman for iDefense would n't name any of the other companies that were targeted in the recent attack , except Adobe .
Adobe acknowledged Tuesday in a blog post that it discovered Jan. 2 that it had been the target of a " sophisticated , coordinated attack against corporate network systems managed by Adobe and other companies . "
The company did n't say whether it was a victim of the same attack that struck Google .
But Adobe 's announcement came just minutes after Google revealed that it had been the target of a " highly sophisticated " hack attack originating in China in December .
Neither Google nor Adobe provided details about how the hacks occurred .
Google said only that the hackers were able to steal unspecified intellectual property from it , and that they had focused their attack on obtaining access to the Gmail accounts of human rights activists who were involved in China rights issues .
But according to iDefense , whose customers include some of the 33 companies that were hacked , the attacks were well targeted and " unusually sophisticated " and aimed at grabbing source code from several hi-tech companies based in Silicon Valley as well as financial institutions and defense contractors .
The hackers gained access to the company networks by sending targeted e-mails to employees , some of which contained a malicious PDF attachment .
The malicious code exploited a zero - day vulnerability in Adobe 's Reader application .
Zero day vulnerabilities are security flaws in software for which there is currently no patch .
Adobe announced in mid-December that a new zero - day vulnerability in its Reader and Acrobat programs was being actively targeted by attackers .
The company made the announcement after security researchers not affiliated with Adobe discovered attacks being conducted against the vulnerability .
Adobe patched the critical vulnerability only on Tuesday this week .
In the recent attack on some of the companies , once a recipient clicked on the malicious PDF attachment , a backdoor Trojan program called Trojan .
Hydraq was installed on their machine in the form of a Windows DLL , according to iDefense .
IDefense says that when Google discovered malware on its systems in December , it found that the code was communicating with a server set up to receive information stolen from the targeted companies .
" It was configured in such a way that it was able to receive a massive amount of data being exfiltrated to it , " says an iDefense spokeswoman who asked not to be named .
Google was able to determine , by examining the server , that the hackers had struck numerous other companies , she said .
Google said in its Tuesday announcement that 20 other companies had been hacked .
But iDefense found evidence that at least 33 were targeted .
The recent attacks bear a strong resemblance to another attack that occurred in July 2009 , which targeted about 100 IT companies , iDefense says .
In that earlier attack , the hackers also sent targeted e-mail to companies with a malicious PDF attachment , but it 's unclear how successful that attack was .
According to Ryan Olson , an analyst for iDefense , the attacks in July and December targeted different vulnerabilities .
The one in July affected Adobe 's Reader , Acrobat and Flash applications , which it patched Jul. 30 .
The vulnerability the hackers are believed to have used in December also affected Reader and Acrobat .
i Defense obtained samples of the malicious codes used in the July attack and the more recent one and found that although the malware was different in the two attacks , the programs both communicated with similar command - and - control servers .
The servers each used the HomeLinux DynamicDNS to change their IP address , and both currently point to IP addresses belonging to a subset of addresses owned by Linode , a U.S. - based company that offers Virtual Private Server hosting .
" The IP addresses in question are ... six IP addresses apart from each other , " iDefense said in its statement .
" Considering this proximity , it is possible that the two attacks are one and the same , and that the organizations targeted in the [ recent ] Silicon Valley attacks have been compromised since July . "
Linode spokesman Philip Paradis says the VPS iDefense is referring to was never compromised and that the command - and - control servers were pointing to Linode IP addresses because Google itself took control of the VPS on Jan. 1 and was using it to conduct tests as part of its investigation .
Olson told Threat Level that the attackers are " incredibly good " at finding new exploits and infecting the right people but that nothing he'd seen in the malware indicated they were above average in writing malicious code .
" The sophistication here is all about the fact they were able to target the right people using a previously unknown vulnerability , " he says .
The iDefense spokeswoman told Threat Level that her company waited a week to disclose details about the attack until after Google went public with the news that it had been hacked .
She said it's her understanding that Google 's source code was targeted in the hack attack .
Google declined to publicly discuss the details of iDefense 's report .
Adobe 's announcement did n't discuss specifically whether hackers had stolen its source code but said that it had " no evidence to indicate that any sensitive information – including customer , financial , employee or any other sensitive data – has been compromised " in the attack .
This post was updated with information from Olson about the malware used in the attack and to add comment from Linode .
It also was updated to clarify that the Hydraq trojan and PDF exploit were used to breach some of the companies , but not all of them .
See also :
" We know that there ’s an industry in Pakistan in particular to try and help obtain visas for people to come to the UK , we also know the visa system has been extensively abused in the past and the average process time for each application is just eleven minutes long .
STRAP IN AND FEEL THE G's Video shows a gradual onset ride to a maximum of 7 G 's in a centrifuge .
And a rapid onset ride to a maximum of 7 G's .
Watch upper left hand corner for G forcesThis is how they train to prevent GLOC .
( Gravity - induced Loss of Consciousness )
8 Reasons Your Weight Training Results Suck
If I had to guess , I 'd estimate that for every person who has been weight training and getting good results , there 's probably about 50 other people whose results absolutely suck .
Some will give it a try for a certain period of time , get no where , and then give up for good .
Others will do the same , only they 'll periodically try again , get the same sucky results , and quit only to repeat this all over again every few months or years ( or annually as part of their New Year 's Resolution ) .
The rest have all of the dedication in the world and will never give up .
Instead , they 'll consistently get virtually no where ... forever .
That last one sounds familiar to me because , well , it was me .
I started weight training in 2000 , and after some good initial results , I spent most of the next 2 years wasting my time .
My results sucked .
In fact , I came this close ( I 'm holding my thumb and pointer finger a half inch away from each other ) to being one of those people ( and there 's dozens of them in every gym ) who are exactly the same today as they were their first day in the gym , and this will be equally true 10 years from now as well .
Fortunately for me , I avoided this and fixed what was making my results suck .
If any of the above sounds familiar to you , I have good news .
You can fix it .
If you 're thinking of starting weight training for the first time , you can prevent it from ever happening to you in the first place .
How ?
Well , I 'm glad you asked ( or I 'm glad I asked in your voice ) .
Here 's what I feel are the 8 most common reasons your weight training results suck right now , have sucked in the past , or will suck at some point in the future .
# 1 : Your progression sucks .
Pay attention to this one .
While this list is n't in any specific order , I still put this one on top for a reason .
Above all else , the key to increasing muscle , strength , endurance , or just improving your overall fitness level is quite simply progression .
There must be some type of progression , and all focus should be placed on making this progression occur as often as it possibly can .
If you consistently work out in any typical gym for a certain period of time , one thing you are sure to see are the same people , doing the same exercises , with the same weight , for the same number of reps , for weeks , months and years ... and continuing to get the same sucky results .
And , rightfully so .
Without making an effort to progress , you will do nothing but maintain your current state .
It 's the progressive overload principle .
Basically , you need to convince your body that results ( be it muscle , strength , whatever ) NEED to happen , and the only way to do this convincing is by progressively increasing the demands being placed on your body .
The human body is smart .
If you put it in a certain situation consistently , it will adapt .
In this case the " consistent situation " is progressive weight training .
The adaptation ?
Making you stronger , creating new muscle tissue , etc. .
This is the real goal here ... gradually increasing what your body is capable of doing so that it is constantly adapting to these new demands .
This constant adapting leads to constant results .
How can you do this ?
Well , when it comes to weight training , the simplest , most common , and most obvious way ( and the only way I 'll be mentioning right now ) is by increasing the weight you are lifting and / or the reps you are lifting it for .
For example , for Exercise XYZ , if you can currently lift 50 lbs for 4 sets of 8 reps , your new goal should be to lift 55 lbs for 4 sets of 8 reps of that same exercise .
Let me break that down for you ...
For Exercise XYZ , you can currently do :
Set 1 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set 2 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set 3 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set 4 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Your goal the next time you perform Exercise XYZ should be :
Set 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set 2 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set 3 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set 4 : 55lbs - 8 reps
If you can do it , great .
Go to 60 lbs the following time .
If you can't , and instead get something like this :
Set 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set 2 : 55lbs - 7 reps
Set 3 : 55lbs - 7 reps
Set 4 : 55lbs - 6 reps
... do n't worry about it .
This is perfectly normal .
Your new goal is to make this become 4 sets of 8 reps .
Put all of your effort into adding 1 rep to that second and third set , and 2 reps to that forth set .
Maybe one workout you get 8 , 8 , 7 , 6 .
Then next time you get 8 , 8 , 7 , 7 .
Then next time , 8 , 8 , 8 , 7 .
And then finally you get the 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 the following workout .
When that happens , repeat this all over again with 60 lbs .
This is progression .
This is the single most important aspect of getting any form of positive weight training results .
If you did n't attempt to progress and you just continued lifting the same 50 lbs for the same 4 sets of 8 , nothing would ever happen .
No new muscle , no new strength , no new improvements , no new results .
You could continue doing it for the next 20 years , it would n't matter .
This is something your body is already capable of doing .
Continuing to do it will only signal your body to maintain what is needed for it to be able to lift 50 lbs for 4 sets of 8 .
Force your body to something it has previously been unable to do , and the complete opposite will happen .
The only way your body will ever achieve any positive results from weight training is by you forcing them to happen .
Signal your body to change , and it will .
Do n't ... and it wo n't .
# 2 : Your little pink dumbbells suck .
Ladies , this one is for you .
Step away from the 3lb pink dumbbells .
The only reason you should ever go near them again is if you need a dumbbell - shaped paperweight to match some other pink desk accessory .
Honestly , that 's all they 're really good for .
Let me explain ...
Did you read # 1 on this list ?
If so , this really should n't require much of an explanation .
In order to get non-sucky weight training results , the progressive overload principle must be in constant and consistent effect .
What that means is you must challenge your body to do something it is n't currently capable of doing .
Now , this does n't mean you need to go outside and try to pick up a car .
It just means you need to do things that are challenging for YOU .
And , take my word for it , I do n't care if you are 15 or 50 , male or female , there is no healthy adult on the planet who is going to be challenged by a 3lb dumbbell .
I recently saw a woman in my gym do dumbbell presses with the smallest / lightest dumbbells I 've ever seen in my life .
She could have held 2 pencils in each hand and gotten the same effect .
Hell , she could have drawn a picture of a dumbbell on a piece of paper and held the paper in her hand .
It was just plain crazy .
And of course , she 'll be back next time to repeat the same exercise with the same tiny dumbbells for the same number of reps .
Then she 'll wonder why she is n't any stronger , why she has n't built any new muscle , why she is n't toning up and getting leaner , why she is n't getting into any better overall shape , and why she is getting nothing but sucky results from weight training .
The answer is simple .
She 's not signaling her body to make any of these improvements .
When she does this extremely typical type of workout that many females do , her body basically thinks this : " Oh great , here we go again .
She 's got the tiny pink dumbbells out .
What are we going to do now ?
Yet another set of 10 - 20 reps just like last time ?
Yawn .
Wake me up when we 're going to do something that is even remotely challenging . "
If she progressed to the next heaviest weight of dumbbells the next time she did this workout , her body would think " Hey ... what 's this ?
This is new .
We 've never had to do this before .
Hmmm .
Interesting .
If she keeps this up , we 're going to have to adapt to this new work we 're being forced to do . "
And that adaptation , of course , is the basis for all GOOD weight training results .
The body will adapt by making the things you want to happen ... actually happen .
Increased muscle , increased strength , increased endurance , increased flexibility , increased bone density , increased overall fitness level , etc. .
The body must be challenged to improve or else it will gladly remain as is .
The typical workout done by most females just is n't even almost making this happen .
What 's that ?
You use your light pink dumbbells because you do n't want to get " big and bulky " like a guy ?
Here 's the thing though , you CAN 'T get big and bulky like a guy .
Do n't get me wrong , you females can definitely put on your share of muscle , just not nearly as much or nearly as fast as a guy .
It 's just not in your genetic makeup .
What ?
What about the females who are indeed big and bulky like a guy ?
Well , all you need to do to avoid that ever happening is avoid their drug use .
This is the big female fear and the biggest excuse for having these non-challenging weight training habits .
That if you even attempt to do a big exercise , or use a big weight , or do anything more than small exercises with light weights for high reps , you 'll wake up the next day and look like a big freaky female bodybuilder .
First of all , I wish muscle could be gained that quickly .
Where you could wake up one day and think " Oh crap , how did this happen ?
How did I gain all of this muscle without realizing it ? "
It just does n't work like that .
In fact , the best the average male adult could hope for is gaining something like 0.25 - 0.5 pounds of muscle per week , and that 's under the best possible circumstances .
For females it 's most likely half that .
Second of all , as long as you do n't use any " assistance , " you could never get that big , freaky , manly look that so many females are afraid of even if you really wanted to .
This common fear is a borderline myth , and all it 's actually doing is causing a lot a women to get a lot of sucky weight training results .
So ladies , what should you be doing in the gym ?
You should be working out like a guy who wants to gain 100 lbs of muscle and be able to pick up cars and throw them down the street with their bare hands .
Alright , that 's a bit extreme , but I 'm just trying to make a point .
You need to push yourself ( safely , of course ) .
You need to challenge your body .
You need to do more than pick up the same little pink dumbbells and lift them for the same 15 reps for the same little isolation exercises ( more on those later ) .
In my opinion ( and the opinion of virtually any respectable source ) , there is no real difference in the way a guy and a girl should be weight training .
We 're all human , and all of our bodies respond to the same basic principles .
Therefore , we all need to do the same things in order to get the results we want .
Would a guy who wants to gain some muscle or get stronger waste a second of his time with a 3lb pink dumbbell ?
Of course not , and no woman should either .
# 3 : Your body part split sucks .
First , let me clarify what I mean by " body part split " by giving you an example of a fairly typical version of one :
Monday : Chest
Tuesday : Back
Wednesday : Legs
Thursday : Shoulders
Friday : Biceps and Triceps
Saturday / Sunday : Off
This , my friends , may very well be a variation of the most common type of workout organization you 'll find the average person using in nearly any gym on the planet .
Your first thought might be " Well , if so many people are using it , it must be good , right ? "
Wrong .
The average person may use it , but then again , the average person 's results suck .
This is no coincidence .
Your next thought may be something along the lines of " But bodybuilder so - and - so uses a similar body part split , and he 's huge ! " or " I have a subscription to a bunch of bodybuilding / fitness magazines and every routine the pros or trainers ever recommend is always in the form of a body part split similar to what you just mentioned . " or " I read a ton of websites that all recommend a workout split like this . " or " I 've been paying attention to this big guy in my gym and he appears to be using a similar routine . "
How could this be , you ask ?
I 'll sum the answer up in 2 words ... drug use .
I 'll say it again , drug use .
And , once more for effect ... drug use .
Cancel your subscriptions to those magazines .
Delete those websites from your bookmarks .
Ignore that guy in your gym .
Here 's who body part splits tend to work the best for ... drug users and those with well above average genetics .
Pro bodybuilders are both .
That guy in your gym is most likely one or the other , if not both as well .
Does that mean the body part split mentioned above ( or anything similar ) does n't work unless you have super duper genetics or are using some form of " assistance ? "
Nope , it can still work .
The real question is , would it be the optimal way for a natural , genetically average person to workout ?
The answer there is a resounding NO .
You probably need some convincing , I know I did .
It took me a good 2 years of once - per - week - body - part - split training before I started to realize how my own results sort of sucked and started looking for answers why .
Let me save you the time .
The body part split is not ideal for about 90 % of the population .
Nearly every single respectable strength coach ( the people who train high school , college and professional athletes from a variety of sports ) and fitness expert would back up that statement .
There is n't an athlete ( from football players , to gymnasts , to powerlifters ) on the planet who splits their workouts up in terms of body parts and trains each one once every 7 days .
They know that this just is n't optimal .
Old time bodybuilders / strongmen knew this too , which is why they would have probably laughed in your face if you suggested they use a typical body part split .
This type of weight training layout became popular right around the time performance enhancing drugs became popular .
This is no coincidence .
So , magazines slap pictures of huge bodybuilders all over their magazines and sell it to you with the headline of " Learn what this guy does to look like this ! "
Unfortunately , at the end of the article describing his high volume body part split , they leave out the disclaimer that should say " Oh , and do n't forget to use a ton of drugs like this dude did . "
So then , what are the best workout schedules for us natural , genetically average people ?
In most cases , I 'd recommend a full body split , upper / lower split , or push / pull / legs split .
For beginners ( less than 6 consistent months ) , there is no question that a full body routine done 3 days per week ( Monday , Wednesday and Friday , for example ) is by far and away the most recommended weight training split ( check out my Beginner Workout Routine ) .
An upper / lower split ( upper body on Monday and Thursday , lower body on Tuesday and Friday ) is perfect after that ( check out my Muscle Building Workout Routine ) .
I made the switch from a typical body part split to an upper / lower split years ago and wo n't be switching back any time soon .
# 4 : Your exercise selection sucks .
If you want to increase strength or muscle , you'd be at a HUGE disadvantage if your workout consists primarily of , well , crap .
A ton of biceps and triceps exercises , leg extensions and leg curls , pec decks , cable crossovers and dumbbell flyes , and so on .
These are all small isolation exercises that serve to " isolate " the specific muscle you are looking to " work . "
This is all well and good , and these types of exercises can ( and in some cases should ) be a part of your weight training routine .
However , they should be nothing more than a very small part of it .
Instead , your workout should be comprised primarily of big , compound exercises .
These are the exercises that allow you to use the most weight , allow you to add weight the most often ( aka the progressive overload principle ) and will add more muscle to your body than any combination of isolation exercises ever will .
These types of exercises include the bench press ( flat , incline and decline ) , squats ( and other squat variations ) , deadlifts ( and other deadlift variations ) , rows ( bent over barbell / dumbbell rows , t- bar rows , seated chest supported rows , etc. ) , pull - ups , dips , and overhead presses .
If you have any interest in adding any amount of muscle to your body , increasing your strength at all , or just becoming a more fit and athletic person in general , your workout program should be largely built around these weight training exercises .
# 5 : Your recovery sucks .
When you are working out , you are not getting results .
Instead , you are signaling your body to do what it needs to do to make the results happen .
In order for your body to do this , it needs to rest and recover .
It needs off days , days when you are n't signaling it with weight training .
It 's not even so much that each muscle group needs a chance to recover before the next workout ( although they do ) , it 's that your entire body ( from the nervous system on down ) needs to recover .
For these reasons , the average person should have a minimum of 3 off days per week .
This allows you to have a maximum of 4 weight training workouts per week .
This fits perfectly with my recommendation of an upper / lower split as well as 3 full body workouts ( which would allow 4 off days per week ) .
In addition , each workout itself should be kept to about 1 hour each , give or take 15 minutes or so .
Your body also needs sleep , the more the better .
In an ideal world , 8 - 10 hours a night would be perfect .
Your body also needs you to avoid stress .
The weight training itself is about all the stress your body wants to deal with .
Outside stress beyond that certainly does n't help .
# 6 : Your form sucks .
I see it so often that I barely notice it anymore .
Spend time in any regular gym and you 're guaranteed to see it too .
Horrible , many times even laughable , form when performing certain weight training exercises .
Squats that have the range of motion of a calf raise .
Biceps curls that look like some insane combination of a reverse grip upright row and a good morning .
Bench presses where the spotter is getting more of a workout than the person doing the actual bench pressing .
From something as advanced as a squat to something as basic as a push - up .
Name any exercise and you 'll find thousands of people performing it with bad form .
The way I see it , there are 3 types of bad form .
The dangerous kind that can ( and most likely will ) cause an injury , the kind that lessens or completely voids the effectiveness of an exercise , or the kind that is a combination of both .
All types should be avoided completely .
You could have the best routine , with the best exercises , with an exceptional focus on progression , and it will all do very little if bad form is preventing you from getting everything out of it that you should be .
Whether it 's just a lack of understanding how to do an exercise properly , or just an ego thing ( lifting more weight than you can with proper form for the sole purpose of lifting a heavier weight ) , it does n't really matter .
If your form sucks , your results will suck .
# 7 : Your consistency and patience sucks .
The positive results from weight training do n't happen overnight .
It takes time .
You can't workout hard for a couple of weeks and expect amazing results .
I know , some people are programmed into thinking you can from the various ads making it seem like you should .
" Get the body of your dreams in just 6 weeks ! " or " Get the results you want in as little as 3 weeks ! "
Those are all giant lies .
Ignore them .
In addition to time , it also takes consistency .
As I 've mentioned throughout this article , weight training is really just the tool you are using to signal your body to improve .
That signal needs to remain constant ( while still allowing adequate rest and recovery , of course ) .
This means that you can't expect to do everything right for a short period of time , stop , start again , stop , start again , etc. and get positive results .
Your body wo n't see the need it improve if the demands being placed upon it are n't consistent .
# 8 : Your diet sucks .
There are so many reasons your diet could suck that this could quickly become a whole second article .
Let 's keep it simple .
First , calories .
If you want to lose weight , you need to consume less calories than your body needs .
If you want to gain weight ( specifically a significant amount of muscle ) , you must consume more calories than your body needs .
( Full details on this can be found in the Guide To Calories And Weight Control . )
After that , you need sufficient amounts of protein , carbs and fat , and you need to get them all from good sources .
( More details can be found in The Beginner 's Guide To Diet , Nutrition And Healthy Eating . )
Then you need plenty of water , vitamins and minerals .
The best weight training workout in the world can easily be made sucky at the hands of a terrible diet .
They go together .
Get them both right , and the results will follow .
The End
If you 've been doing any weight training and are getting less than stellar results , I can almost guarantee that one or more of the above reasons is the cause .
If you 're new to or are planning on getting into weight training in the near future ( which literally every single person , male or female , old or young , could greatly benefit from ) , these are the most common causes of poor results .
Read them , understand them , and avoid them .
For an insanely detailed guide to building muscle , check out The Ultimate Guide To Building Muscle .
For additional information about creating the most effective weight training program , check out my new workout - specific site , A Workout Routine .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
An on - the - run convict is using Facebook to taunt police trying to track him down .
Craig Lynch sent a clear Christmas message to cops by posing with a turkey and posting the picture on Facebook to taunt officers about his festive antics .
Tinsel - clad Lynch , 28 , wrote on Christmas Day : " If any of you was ' doubtin ' my freedom .
Here 's proof .
" How the f*** could I get my hands on a bird like this in jail ?
Ha ha . "
On Boxing Day , the fugitive wrote : " It is ' freezin ' out there .
" I wonder if I can take the right p*** and stay out til the summertime . "
On Sunday , his Facebook message said that he feared officers had been planning to raid his hideout .
He said : " Good ' mornin ' everyone .
I had a funny feelin that my door was going to come off this ' mornin ' .
Then I remembered the old bill are thick as s***.
And went back to sleep . "
He then thought his cover had been blown when he heard a siren - but it turned out to be an ambulance .
Lynch - nicknamed Lazie - is on the run after walking out of Hollesley Bay open prison in Suffolk in September where he was serving seven years for aggravated burglary .
The Mirror revealed last week that he is now tormenting police by posting messages and pictures on Facebook .
In another Christmas Day taunt , he laughs as he holds a sign that reads " Wanted Craig Lynch .
If found call 999 " with another one finger salute .
His Facebook page has attracted more than 1,247 friends and he has received messages of support .
But other users of the networking website have started a group called " Craig Lazie Lynch is no hero " .
One member wrote : " How stupid can people be by egging this idiot on ?
" Do n't they know he was jailed for aggravated burglary for seven years ? "
Suffolk Police said that detectives were checking Lynch 's known addresses and have been liaising with forces from around the country .
A spokeswoman added : " We are aware of his Facebook entries .
Our inquiries are continuing and we are making every effort possible to track him down and to return him to prison where he will serve the rest of his sentence .
" We would invite anyone with information on his whereabouts to come forward . "
Steve Friedl's Unixwiz.net Tech Tips
So you want to be a consultant ...?
Or : Why work 8 hours / day for someone else when you can work 16 hours / day for yourself ?
I 've been a consultant of one form or another since 1985 when I started my old company , V - Systems , with a friend from college , and actually did bits and pieces of consulting as early as 1982 .
I have been asked often about the business , and I decided to write this up .
Please note that I am providing observations from my own personal experience , but I am not providing tax or legal advice .
You need to pay somebody for that , and I 'm not qualified .
Furthermore , I am not even attempting to make this a comprehensive guide for everything required by one in or contemplating the consulting business .
I am purposely omitting whole areas , such as licensure , insurance , and negotiating — there are other books for that , and this is n't trying to be one of them .
These sections ( except the last ) are n't in any particular order .
Different flavors of Consultants
There are many ways of structuring a self - employed practice , and I 'll touch on two that are at different ends of the spectrum .
I only have my own experience to draw on , so these should be considered broad generalities rather than pigeonhole - type definitions .
I have gotten substantial pushback on these definitions , so I urge you to take them only generally .
Contracting A " contractor " is typically hired for one project ( via a " contract " ) , and the relationship is often more technical than personal .
One is hired to write a communications controller , build a website , or modify some software , and at the end of the project : you 're done and you move on .
Most contractors work on one project at a time , which surely allows a great deal of focus , and though there is a often a bit of hanger - on work after the project has finished ( say , helping the in - house staff integrate your work ) , once the contractor has moved on , the focus goes with him .
This is not to say that you wo n't be back : doing a good job on the first project certainly means you 'll be given more consideration for a subsequent project , but it 's just as often a new project as opposed to working on the old one .
Consulting A " consultant " typically has multiple customers at a time , and it's more about a long - term relationship than it is about a specific project .
There will certainly be projects in the course of a consulting relationship , sometimes big ones , but the general idea here is that you 're an always - available resource they can call on for big matters or small .
In a few cases , I am the IT department for several customers , and they use me so they do n't have to hire a dedicated person for it .
Unlike the contractor , this involves a lot of juggling when the fluctuating demands of multiple customers comes into play .
It 's harder to get a deeper focus because of all the context swapping going on , but long term relationships are worth it in the long run .
I mainly operate as a traditional consultant , and though from time to time have done one - time projects on a contract basis , this paper mainly addresses the consulting relationship .
What 's it take ?
The single biggest surprise to prospective consultants is when I suggest that their technical skills will not be their biggest asset .
Those skills are required , of course , and often help get you in the door , but the long - term customer relationships on which a consultant depends are built on one thing only :
You must give the customer The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ Consulting maxim :
Your customer certainly has to believe you can do the job , but they cannot wonder if you 're going to get back to them , or if you 're going to do something stupid ( again ? ) , or offend one of their customers .
Your practice is never more stable than when your customers trust you completely to take care of them .
I still have my first customer from 1985 , plus several others since before 1990 , and I 've been asked to do work I was clearly not the best for , simply because my customer liked doing business with me .
Many moons ago I knew a gal who was a salesperson for the computer vendor I did business with , and she was not even close to being as technically competent as I was .
When she left to do consulting , I figured she 'd never make it because of the " lack " of those skills .
But she did make it , and did a damn good job , too .
She was good enough with the subject matter to take care of what was in front of her , but she was ferociously dedicated to taking care of her customers , and this was where I learned that The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ is central to a good customer relationship .
It did n't take long before her subject - matter skills were as good as her customer - service skills , which made her a gift from God to her customers : within a wide range of problem space , they would rather pay her to figure something out than hire somebody else who already knew how .
It was n't until later in my career that I found this out for myself .
Anecdote :
Thank you , Cindy , for showing me what makes a good consultant .
" Trust " is your best job security Consulting maxim :
But it takes more than good customer service skills : one must be a self starter , require very little supervision , and the ability to keep on task without a boss looking over your shoulder .
Working at home can be a wonderfully comfortable and productive work environment , but it 's not meant for everybody .
Distractions abound — spouse / children , the television , that really comfy couch — and it's really easy to burn tons of time without getting anything done .
Working by yourself requires substantial time - management discipline .
Though some consultants ( like me ) prefer a solitary work - at - home existance , it does n't have to be this way .
Many consultants spend much of their time on the road , with plenty of human contact , and you can tailor your practice to have whatever mix you like .
Job security
Notwithstanding the prior maxim , the short answer is that you do n't have any .
You have no job security , even if you think you do Consulting maxim :
Consultants — even good consultants — are often considered a necessary evil by customers who use them , and it 's exceptionally easy to stop using one .
It does n't require firing or confrontation , just " we do n't need you any more " or even just not calling .
This has happened to me several times : a sure thing with many years of history stopped on a dime when a customer 's customer canceled a project , or when another customer was bought by a bigger enterprise .
This is not personal to your customer — it 's just business — but when your gravy train evaporates without notice , it 's very personal .
And terrifying .
The best way to approach this is to diversify — if you have only one ongoing project , you can find yourself out of work with no more notice than the time it takes the phone to ring .
By being aggressive about finding more than one customer , and even making it a point to value a backlog of work , you have a fighting chance at dodging the vaporizing - customer bullet .
Cash Flow
Beyond having regular ongoing work lies matter of cash flow .
Even if you regularly invoice at the start of every month , customers have their own schedule for paying , and this can be nerve - wracking to deal with .
For many years I operated on net - 30 terms — payment due within 30 days of the invoice — but when you add postal delays , waiting for manager approval , being put on the next regular check run , and sitting on the president 's desk for a signature , it 's not hard for invoices from even good customers to take 45 days to arrive in your hand .
I moved to net 10 terms , and this made an enormous difference in cash flow : a few customers simply cannot accommodate that fast of an invoice turnaround , but it 's been a big win .
This is a soft 10 : I tell my customers that the first regular check run on or after net 10 is timely , and this usually means 10 - 15 days .
What a huge difference this made in cash flow .
Where this still gets tricky is when a customer is a bit late for whatever reason : your creditors do n't really care .
But a consultant can never do anything other than perform routine collections with a customer .
Asking for a stale invoice to be paid is fine , but it 's exceptionally bad business to give the customer any hint that you 're in a bad place .
A financially - struggling consultant does not give a customer The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ Consulting maxim :
No matter how tight your bind , your customers can't find out .
The Customer Relationship
I 've mentioned several times The Warm Fuzzy Feeling™ , and I 'll do so again : this is absolutely central to how you manage your practice .
Have " customers " , not " clients "
This is a minor semantic point , but one I 've stuck with for many years .
A client implies that the consultant is superior , while customer suggests that the consultant is beholden .
It 's virtually impossible for a consultant to forget the technical nature of the relationship — you solve problems all day long — but it 's very easy to forget the customer service aspect .
We want to avoid this as much as possible .
Medical doctors are notorious for getting this wrong : we 've all had a doctor we really loved ( The Warm Fuzzy Feeling™ ) , but the office staff did n't measure up .
We are a patient to the doctor , but a customer to her medical practice .
I 've never heard of a doctor or a lawyer use the word " customer " , but as a consultant I am proud to .
I exist at the pleasure of my customers , and that means being easy to do business with .
You are primarily in the customer service business , not the technical business Consulting maxim :
Be exceptionally easy to find
When I go into the bank and find a long line to reach a teller , it 's of course frustrating .
Mentally , I start a timer in my head , and the longer the timer goes the worse of an experience it is .
What stops the timer ?
Leaving the bank ?
No. —
It 's reaching the teller .
When your customer pages you , his timer starts : return his call immediately .
If the customer has an emergency , it 's much better for him to hear your voice 5 minutes after paging saying " I am on the road right now , I can jump right on this in an hour " than to just sit around waiting , wondering if you got the page .
For a good consultant , your voice is comforting :
Be very easy to find Consulting maxim :
When the customer knows you 're going to be on the case , he can stop worrying and attend to what 's in front of him .
In my entire career , I have never dodged a page or screened a call even though I was tempted more than once .
Billing
There are all kinds of arrangements for getting paid , and none is really superior to any other .
I have virtually always operated on a strictly hourly basis , invoicing once or twice a month , but it's also possible to do monthly retainer , fixed - bid contract , or some other combination .
And no method of billing can avoid talking about churning , which I 'll define also .
Hourly billing
This is the easiest to manage : you work an hour , you invoice the customer for a hour .
For occasional or ill - defined work , it 's hard to use anything but hourly billing .
The customer bears the brunt of projects that get out of hand , and the customer is really at the mercy of the consultant for being fair .
This makes many customers nervous for fear of project - creep and " churning " ( defined below ) .
Hourly arrangements of any substantial magnitude require that you have earned your customer 's trust Consulting maxim : Retainer
There are many variations of retainer arrangements , but one version is where the customer purchases a guaranteed minimum number of hours per month ( at a substantial discount ) , and they are worked off as the month goes on .
These are particularly popular for outsourced IT departments , where you form a remote help desk , servicing issues as they come up .
They are good for the customer , because they get a significant discount for a consultant , and good for the consultant , who has a predictable income stream every month .
Fixed - bid projects
When a customer has a specific project , you provide a fixed quote : " I can do that job for $ X " .
Customers often prefer these , because they know in advance what they 're going to pay , but they are the most problematic for the consultant .
These require highly detailed specifications that list exactly what is expected of the consultant .
If it 's not entirely clear what the requirements are , there will be endless disagreements over whether this or that is in the scope of work :
The customer will think it is ( you work for free ) , and you will think it is n't ( customer pay me more ) .
I have relatively little experience with fixed - bid contracts , but I do know that your estimate should include a substantial fudge factor .
This is not gaming the customer but allowing for surprises .
All programmers are optimists , and all projects run into unexpected roadblocks : your fixed bid means you allowed for that .
The best way to appreciate the value of a good spec is to do a project without one Consulting maxim : Generally speaking , ambiguities in a specification must be resolved in favor of the customer ( you 're the consultant , you should know how to do this ) , though it 's certainly possible for a customer to try to take advantage of you .
A good customer will take into account extraordinary roadblocks that nobody could have anticipated ( say , a critical vendor goes out of business ) , but it has to be much more Earth shattering than " it 's harder than I thought " .
It 's not unheard of for a consultant to go back to the well on a fixed - bid project , laying out a case why the project has gone over and why you need to be paid more .
This is always uncomfortable , and the only way to manage this is if the customer has been in the loop in fairly substantial detail throughout the project .
If you 've been telling the customer " it 's going great " for six weeks , you 're going to have a hard time showing up on the due date explaining why you 're not finished and also asking for more money .
Instead , if you have been making regular detailed progress reports , even including your own mis-steps , it 's more likely that problems will be headed off at the pass , and the customer will be more amenable to sharing the cost of surprises .
Customers hate unhappy surprises much more than timely bad news Consulting maxim : A customer recently made a point that 's essentially the same thing :
Bad news does not get better with age Consulting maxim : Churning
This is the all - too - common phenomenon of a consultant running the clock simply to run the clock whether the customer actually needs the work or not .
This could be outright padding ( aka " lying " ) on an invoice , or recommending / doing work that 's not really required .
Churning by dishonest consultants is the single worst thing that has ever happened to honest consultants Consulting maxim : Every consultant has projects that run over , and sometimes in retrospect you will realize that your time was not spent in the most beneficial way : this is inevitable .
The question is whether your efforts were made in good faith , and a healthy dose of no charge time ( see below ) is usually a fairly effective cure .
I wish to repeat that I am not expert in the finer details of structuring a business deal or how to best negotiate with your customer .
There are so many ways that a deal can be structured , so many different kinds of projects , and so many different personal styles , that no simple summary could possibly capture even a fraction of them .
But what they all have in common is that you are completely up front with the customer , deal in good faith , and fully intend for this customer to provide you with a great reference when the project is over .
Not surprisingly , these all contribute to The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ that is so important .
Touching on some more specific points :
Never , ever lie or fudge on an invoice
If you are ever caught — or even suspected — of funny business on the financial front , you will not be trusted anywhere else .
It is impossible to give a customer The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ if they are wondering about the legitimacy of your invoices , and this is fatal to a customer relationship and to ever getting a good reference .
This is not to say that mistakes on an invoice wo n't happen , but how you deal with them will tell a customer a lot about how you do business .
Your goal should be to overwhelm them with integrity .
Once , I accidentally double - included an 8 - hour charge on a customer project : hit the wrong key on my time - billing system and did n't catch it .
One of them was completely legitimate — and the customer knew it — but the fact that two charges in a row had the same time and detailed description were a dead giveaway to a mistake .
My response was to write off both line items even though I was entitled to one of them .
By making the penalty for error high , I made it clear to the customer that I do n't play the " see what I can get away with " game , only writing off the mistakes .
Eight hours was real money , but nothing compared to the ongoing business I got from these folks .
Anecdote :
It sometimes hurts to " eat " time , but the alternative ( burning a customer ) can be much worse .
Ongoing business is much more important than maximizing every billable hour Consulting maxim :
It 's better to give away some time than to throw away your reputation Consulting maxim : Provide time - billing transparency Anybody who 's dealt with a lawyer has gotten a bill that said Review documents ....... 40 hours and for most of us , the lack of visibility into work done is maddening .
Your customers should never think this about you : list your work in detail to say what you did , and — if necessary — who asked you to do it .
Which of these two line item details would you rather see from somebody you 're paying real money to ?
Consultant # 1 Consultant # 2 Email system administration ... 3.25 hours .
Investigated email system problems per Martin ; found that MS Exchange required a patch to deal with the latest Outlook IMAP queries ; re-optimized all the message stores and tested with several email clients .
... 3.25 hours .
Your detail should ring a strong bell with the customer , with him nodding his head on every item while he reviews your invoice .
This gets you paid sooner and gives the customer The Warm Fuzzy Feeling™ .
Detail is comforting to a customer Consulting maxim : Give away some free time , but make it visible Most honest consultants spend a certain amount of time for customers that 's off the clock , and this can be for several reasons .
It could be that it 's for something you 're not strong in ( and cannot justify charging full consultant rates ) , it could be a pet interest of yours where you are willing to give away the time , or it could be that your time on the task was so unproductive that you do n't feel right about charging for it .
These are all fine reasons .
But do n't do it quietly .
If the customer asked you about email systems and you felt like you wanted to research this on your own , it 's important to list this on an invoice as nocharge time : Researched email systems per Frank ; investigated MDaemon , Exim and Sendmail for the Windows platform ; note to Frank summarizing the findings ... 2.6 hours ( n /c ) This shows the customer the level of effort you 've exerted on his behalf , and it puts you in the " trusted advisor who 's in our corner " category , and not a " consultant only thinking about cha-ching " .
If the customer does n't know you did work off the clock , you do n't get credit for it Consulting maxim :
It also makes it harder for a customer to object to the time you did bill for , but it 's important not to use the nocharge time as a ploy : the goal is to maximize the customer goodwill , not to maximize the revenue on any given invoice .
It 's good for business to make your customers comfortable with your work for them : it maximizes The Warm Fuzzy Feeling™ .
Admit your mistakes
Every consultant pulls the boneheaded move now and then : deleted the wrong file , forgot to do the backup , left the firewall off for the weekend .
It 's contrary to human nature to expect that a consultant will never make a mistake , but it 's also not reasonable to expect the customer to pay for them .
For a surprising number of your mistakes , your personal culpability wo n't be known to the customer unless you tell them , and in most cases you should do exactly that .
Though you 're likely to get away with deflecting the blame as often as not , if you get caught your reputation will be positively destroyed far worse than the mere responsibility for the mistake .
I performed the same software upgrade for two unrelated customers , and some weeks later both had the same problem with a little - used feature .
This issue was getting increasingly important , as it was affecting their customers , and after several days of intensive research it turned out to be due to a small but significant oversight I had made during those earlier upgrades .
When we finished , it would have been really easy to ( a ) blame it on the software vendor , and ( b ) get paid for all my time .
Neither one would have been right , so I wrote a letter to both customers explaining that the problem was fixed , that it was due to my error , that they did n't have to pay for any of it , and extending my apologies .
This was an expensive adventure for me , but both customers were grateful for getting a straight story about something that was impacting their business , and this kind of candid admission contributes much more to The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ than you 'd expect from " I made a mistake " .
Anecdote :
It 's embarrassing to admit mistakes , but you owe this to your customer .
The very reason you 're a consultant is that you 're the subject - matter expert and are supposed to know what you 're doing .
Everybody makes mistakes now and then , and I suppose that even some honest mistakes will mark the end of a customer relationship .
But it 's never happened to me .
If you routinely take ownership for your own mistakes , you 're much more likely to be believed when you claim something is NOT your doing Consulting maxim :
Housekeeping and Paperwork
In the late 1980s I almost left consulting because the administration and paperwork was such a burden , but my savior was Quicken , Timeslips , and Turbo Tax .
If you do n't have a mechanism for dealing with invoices , your checkbook , and your taxes , you 'll surely go out of your mind .
Time Billing
You need a way to capture your time , invoice customers , and record their payments : this is hard to do well with anything home grown .
Many moons ago I had written a time - billing system using the Informix database , and I hated invoicing every month .
Then I discovered TimeSlips and have been using it ever since .
This is very popular with lawyers , but it does a fine job for consultants as well .
The disadvantage of TimeSlips is that it's " a different program " from Quicken , and it means double entry of invoices and payments .
This is a serious drag , especially when Accounts Receivable does n't reconcile .
The Quickbooks accounting system has a time billing system that 's very substantially inferior to that of Timeslips , but it 's all integrated with the rest of the accounting system : I have recently migrated to it .
Those comfortable with real , double - entry accounting may wish to give it a try , but it 's not for those who have never run their checkbook electronically .
Finances / Your Checkbook
For some time I operated with two checkbooks — one business , one personal — but I gave this up more than ten years ago .
Once I started using Quicken , the need for that simply evaporated as I was able to properly categorize and class all my transactions to obviate the need for two accounts .
It seems natural to separate accounts on a " purpose " basis , but in practice this is difficult .
If you go to Home Depot to get some stuff for your office and some stuff for your house , which credit card do you use ?
Are you really going to write two checks at the cashier 's stand ?
With the line waiting behind you ?
I 've found it much easier to use Quicken 's " class " mechanism to make this work perfectly .
Every transaction has a " category " ( office supplies , home repair , telephone charges , etc. ) , but this is not sufficient to split your expenses .
By creating a class to each item , you can make that Home Depot receipt go where it belongs : Description Category / class Home Depot -- light bulbs for kitchen Home Repair / personal Home Depot -- light bulbs for the office Home Repair / business
One account , one receipt , two purposes .
This works really well and takes much of the burden of separate recordkeeping off your shoulders .
However — many accountants and CPAs will strongly advise against this , especially if you 're anything other than a sole proprietor working out of your house .
It 's said that IRS dealings are easier with separate accounts , but I believe that having meticulous electronic records alleviates that substantially .
I suppose I 'll find out during my first audit .
Taxes
Taxes are much more complicated for consultants , because Schedule C ( Income from Self Employment ) is much more complicated than Schedule A ( Itemized Deductions ) .
Every expense you have that contributes to earning income is deductible — software , auto use when traveling to customers , a good portion of your internet use — but this requires substantial recordkeeping .
It 's tempting to just get a good tax guy , but the taxes are not the hard part : it 's the recordkeeping that categorizes which of your expenses are properly business expenses .
It 's not fair — or at least a bad idea — to drop off a box of receipts to your tax guy and have him try to read your mind .
Good tax guys are not cheap , and you want to pay him to prepare your taxes , not do your bookkeeping .
If you 're using Quicken , getting into good habits of category and class will go a long way to taking care of this : having detailed reports of your properly - organized expenses mean that you do n't need receipts for your tax guy , and he can file your return properly .
For many years , I used Turbo
Tax to compile and file my own taxes , and it was helpful to really understand how it all works .
But I can hardly emphasize enough that you should get your own tax guy .
My tax guy — who walks on water as far as I am concerned — saved me an enormous amount of in - my - pocket money the first year I used him .
It 's one thing to know the mechanics of taxes — as I do — but it 's another thing entirely to know what 's a supportable deduction and where the gray areas are .
This is a minefield for those who have n't gone down this road , and having a good tax advisor will pay for himself in about the first fifteen minutes .
Thank you ,
Tom : you rock .
Filing your receipts
Most new consultants attempt to separate receipts as well as they do accounts : separate folders for business receipts and personal receipts , but this quickly falls apart unless you 're unbelievably rigorous in maintaining this separation .
When you get your credit card bill every month , which folder does it go in ?
What if it has some personal and some business expenses ?
This gets messy in the first month , and it 's not necessary .
Years ago I adopted the practice of using 15 " x 9 " accordion files with a separate tab for every letter of the alphabet .
I use a new file every year , and file all receipts — for whatever purpose — alphabetically by vendor .
This is optimized for the only kind of search you 'll ever do : fetch a specific receipt from a specific vendor .
There are other financial queries you 'll do ( how much did I spend in March ? ) , but you 'll never need to gather all receipts from March .
Having your receipts ordered by vendor name is perfect .
Promotion and Advertising
I 've never done any explicit advertising or promotion : no Yellow Page ads , business card on bulletin boards , etc .
For years I was fortunate enough that word of mouth was sufficient for me without having to put on my sales hat , but the internet has changed this substantially .
Some may consider banner / Google ads , but I believe this is likely to be expensive and of limited effectiveness ( though I have not tried either one ) .
It turns out there is a very effective method of promotion that does not involve spending any money or putting on a sales hat :
Your best advertisement is publishing original , technical content Consulting maxim :
In my case , I write Tech Tips on my website - this paper is one of them — and publish them on my website .
I usually do one or two per month , but it 's not on any kind of schedule .
Once I 've solved a problem that I think others might have trouble with , I 'll write it up .
Or , if I believe that I can explain a topic better than other resources ( say , An Illustrated Guide to Cryptographic Hashes ) , I 'll produce one as well .
In some cases I 'll proactively promote them , such as submitting Malware Analysis to a narrowly - targeted venue such as Bugtraq , and I certainly announce them in my weblog , but by and large I allow Google to do all of my promotion for me simply by indexing them for people to find .
These do take a long time to write ( and it 's non-billable time ) , and certainly those who are not strong writers will have a harder time of it , but I believe these to be very , very effective methods of promotion .
Most people who benefit from your
Tips wo n't be candidates for customer status , but it does help establish a reputation for competence in the area you 're writing about .
It 's also nice to get a thank - you from random people on the internet who are grateful for your efforts .
But when prospective customers are investigating a potential consultant , a website that is more technical than marketing may very well be seen as a positive : with clear , strictly - technical content , the customer can find out for himself that you 're qualified rather than rely on you to simply claim that you are .
It 's a huge asset to communicate well — cultivate this skill vigorously Consulting maxim :
Writing for a magazine is also a great way to raise your status in the community : most magazines are always looking for good writers , and getting published is typically a relatively informal process .
Find an area you 're competent in , make sure you understand the publication 's target audience , and email the publisher with a proposal .
You will be expected to produce an article of so many words , and this number is chosen by the publisher based on how much space he has in the issue in question .
If he asks for 3000 words , do n't submit 2500 or 3500 .
And you must be on time : there is no surer way to burn a relationship with a publisher than to miss your deadlines .
This promotional approach does take time — a reputation is lost quickly but gained slowly — but I believe that these efforts gather a kind of momentum : as your track record of writing and publication grows , you 'll have an easier time being accepted into the next one .
All of this contributes to a larger and larger body of work that precedes you to potential customers .
References
If you conduct yourself properly , you will accumulate a list of customers who will speak well about you : in many cases these will be your best source of new business , and in any case they have a name : your references .
No matter how renowned you are for your technical skills , it is hard to overemphasize just how important your references are to a successful consulting practice .
Think what you would ask if you were checking up on somebody you were about to hire : you 'll ask about his skills , of course , but that 's not all :
How was he to work with ?
How much supervision did he require ?
Did he show up when he said he would ?
Did he deliver what he said he would ?
How were his invoices ?
Would you recommend him to others ?
Though some of these questions touch on the technical , most are about the relationship .
Many of us know engineers who are technically very strong but nevertheless hard to work with , and some are so difficult that the customer will work with a lesser consultant rather than deal with that primadonna .
Your references are your reputation in the consulting world Consulting maxim :
Obviously , one can get a friend to pretend to be a reference , and I 'm sure this happens ( much like lying on a résumé ) , but I believe this to be a terrible way to start a new relationship .
Likewise , it 's obvious that you get to pick from your customer base , and you 'll not choose those that are less than happy with you .
But your prospective customers know how this works , and they can read a lot into what your references say ( and they can smell a lukewarm reference a mile away ) .
If you 're doing a good job taking care of your customers , they are usually more than happy to say good things about you to others .
This does n't always materialize , of course : from time to time there will be that relationship that simply does n't work .
A personality conflict , internal politics that you get caught up in , or a non -work life crisis can all conspire to create an engagement that you do n't care to talk about .
Almost all long - term consultants have customers who will report a bad experience — I have a few — and sometimes these will be your fault .
Only if the problem is due to overt dishonesty or incompetence should you worry about word getting around .
On Being Objective
Some consultants choose to include product sales in their practices , and though this is a legitimate aspect of business , the question of objectivity always arises with the customer .
They will ( rightfully ) wonder whether you 're recommending the product because it 's the best or because they have higher margins , and there is not really any way to completely remove this if you have a vested interest in the transaction .
Make no mistake : it 's possible to be objective , and many consultants do choose their product lines strictly on what 's the best value .
What remains is the perception in the customer 's eyes , and all you can do is conduct yourself honorable and transparently so there is no question about your vested interest .
Your customers cannot wonder where your interests are Consulting maxim :
This means transparency .
I have long believed that computer - products sales do not have enough profit to be worth the trouble of dealing with sales tax ( and sales tax authorities ) or warranty returns .
Maybe you 'll make $ 100 on the sale of that printer to a customer , but if it 's dead on arrival , you have to eat the time required to box it up and send it back .
But this is a business decision , not an integrity issue .
Personally , I made it a practice of selling nothing but my time , and to never accept referral / finder 's fees , kickbacks , or commissions from vendors ( though there is nothing wrong with a vendor taking you to dinner now and then ) .
Not only does this avoid the warranty / sales tax issues , but the customer wo n't ever wonder if I have a vested interest in the transaction or if that interest is influencing my recommendations .
From time to time , a customer will require something — software , a cable , etc. — and I 'll purchase it on their behalf , but this is strictly as a convenience to the customer .
I include the item on my invoice at exactly what I paid for it , and I include the receipt .
Those who use this pass - through arrangement may be wise to include the phrase " Total includes sales tax collected by merchant " with the item to make it clear that you 're not a reseller and are not responsible for collecting sales tax on your own account .
Be Easy to Fire
There are several reasons why a customer might find it difficult to fire a consultant :
He does great work and is a tremendous asset
He has passwords for everything : will he give us the list ?
He has all the source code : will we get it back ?
He has access to everything : will he do bad stuff to us ?
He hosts our DNS : will he screw with us ?
Only the first is a valid reason to keep somebody around , and customers are unnerved by the subtle fear of " what happens if ...? " for the others .
Consultants ought to structure their arrangements to remove as many of these as possible , and instead rely on their own good work to be their best job security .
From time to time , I give customers " How to fire me " instructions : " Here are all your important passwords " , " Your contact at the hosting center is who " , " Source code is here " , " Revoke my network access by ( A ) , ( B ) and ( C ) " , etc .
Customers should ask for this from all of their consultants , not only to make them easier to fire , but as a contingency in case the consultant is hit by a bus .
Sometimes customers do ask , and it must be met with immediate , full disclosure .
It 's not your data , you 're not allowed to hoard it .
Customers are comforted by consultants who do n't act entitled to their engagements Consulting maxim :
If a customer wants to fire you , hoarding this data will buy you a little time , but this breeds resentment in the customer that positively does you no good .
And sometimes you will be fired — it could be that the project has been cut , they cannot afford you any longer , or they may simply not like you very much .
These things happen , but what marks you as a consultant of integrity is how you behave on the way out .
Find everything — physical and otherwise — that conceivably belongs to your soon - to - be - former customer and return it with a cover letter stating that you have done so ( this partly for your own protection ) .
Even if they have covered their bases well , it 's common for them to have missed something ( e.g .
" I 'm still the registered contact for your DNS management , I recommend that you transfer this your own staff .
Password is hello " ) .
You may never hear from them again , but you 'll know that you did the right thing .
Firing your customers
Many years ago , I read a column in Electrical Engineering Times about small - company - makes - good , and the now - successful owner was asked " How did you know you 'd made it ? " .
The answer has always stuck with me :
" When I did n't have to do business with people I did n't like "
I am fortunate that the overwhelming majority of my engagements have been pleasant and productive , and I 've made some very good friends out of them , but not every one is like this .
For one reason or another , the relationship can sour or a customer may start taking advantage of you , at which point you can consider just walking away .
I once had a customer that I generally liked a lot , but for whatever reason , they positively could not pay me on time ( and they even had net 30 terms at the time ) .
I believe they were in an industry where taking your time was just part of how they were allowed to operate , and in spite of talking to my customer about it every single month , nothing changed .
I believed that I was performing a valuable service to this customer , but apparently not valuable enough to be paid on time , so I completed all outstanding work and invited him to find another consultant ( i.e. , I fired him ) .
Not surprisingly , he 's not among my references .
The customer is NOT always right Consulting maxim :
Not all consultants in the same position would have made the same choice , but everyone is allowed to choose whom to do business with .
But even when you fire a customer , make sure you do so with integrity : the customer may not speak well of you , but you should give him no grounds to claim that you acted dishonorably .
Google is not always your friend
These days , many customers evaluating a consultant will do the same thing you do before going on a first date : Google them .
This is where the other side of a net presence comes into play : though your website may be professional and full of outstanding technical content , this can all be undone by your own words found elsewhere .
If a search finds a potty - mouthed political flame , a public trashing of your ex-wife , or open advocacy of illegal activity , this can go a long way to telling a prospective customer what kind of person you really are .
It might not impact their view of your technical skills , but it may give them a good reason to look elsewhere for a consultant .
The internet never forgets : do n't provide dirt for your future Consulting maxim :
A good rule of thumb : if a search engine can index the venue , do n't say anything you would not want your customers or your family to read .
This certainly leaves you open to private venues , such as a members - only forum , where you can tell that dirty joke or vent about the ex , but even here it 's wise to be concerned about inadvertent leakage .
A colleague has noted a countermeasure for this : have a ridiculously common name .
How much do I charge ?
This is the single most common question that prospective consultants ask , and one of the hardest to answer .
The short answer is a mix of " whatever the market will bear " and " how busy you wish to be " .
Some consultants operate on a strictly hourly basis , others on a retainer , and yet others on fixed - bid contracts — none is inherently superior to any other ( though some are more suited for some kind of arrangements than others ) .
I operate almost entirely on a by - the - hour basis , with only occasional forays into retainer or fixed - bid arrangements , and my rates were initially set when I started out in 1985 .
Those rates have risen steadily over the years to reflect my growing experience , though the end of the Internet boom did put a damper on them .
New consultants typically ought to charge a bit less than the going rate for other consultants in the same area , which allows for their lesser experience and wanting to get a foot in the door .
I 'll note that " lesser experience " refers as much to " conducting a consulting practice " as it is to " knowledge of technical issues " .
Many very good engineers leave big companies with outstanding subject - matter expertise but nevertheless have only corporate experience : much of this does not directly translate into consulting .
Raising rates is usually difficult for new consultants : you 've built a good personal relationship with your customers , and now you 're asking for more money .
Raises should be modest , and with plenty of notice ( at least one full billing cycle , perhaps even two ) .
Raising rates is usually done when demand for your services is high , and there 's a good chance your customers know when this is : you 're juggling more work and they see scheduling farther and farther out .
Some customers will use less of your time at the new rate , but in some sense this is intended .
If you 're booked up solid , your rates are too low Consulting maxim :
One must be careful that one does n't take this too literally : the concept " booked up solid " is over a fairly long time period — many months at least , perhaps even years — and it does n't mean that rates should be jacked up just because you 're having a busy week .
I can't remember ever raising rates more often than once a year , and even then not for all customers at once .
It 's also common to have different rates for different customers .
Long - term customers , upon whom your business is likely based , should probably pay a bit less ( or at least reduce or defer the increases ) : they are your bread and butter , and consistent ongoing work is much more important than maximizing your hourly rate .
Your long - term customers are your best customers Consulting maxim :
Furthermore , different kinds of work deserve different rates .
For some of my customers , I am essentially the on - call MIS staff , so I am at the mercy of day - to - day whims .
This makes it hard to schedule the work , so it is normally full fare .
But for other customers I do project - based software development , where I might be writing code for several months .
This is work that I can do when I 'm not solving problem - of - the - moment , and in that respect is better work because I get to pick my own schedule .
Long - term , at - my - own - schedule work warrants a lower rate to encourage this kind of business .
Background work makes your time more liquid , and consultants ( like me ) who prefer to mainly work at home love having a backlog of things I can work on in my slack time .
A similar principle applies to offering lower rates for work you simply enjoy more than other kinds of work .
I do n't typically offer multiple rates to the same customer , though this is certainly possible .
I could imagine a consultant offering web design for one rate and network diagnostics at another , but this gets difficult to manage , especially when there is some legitimate question over which category the particular work should be in .
When offering a discounted rate to a customer , consider doing so not by lowering the rate itself , but by offering / increasing the timely - payment discount .
If your going rate is $ 100 / hour and you wish to offer a customer a $ 90 / hour rate , make it a 10 % discount if their invoice is paid within account terms .
This way you have given more teeth to your due - by date , and a customer that decides to use his consultant for float will have a hard time defending taking the discount after paying late .
Happily , though : consultants are generally earning the most when they are thinking about money the least :
By focussing on your customers and your skills , you make yourself the most valuable .
The best way to make a lot of money is to make your customers a lot of money Consulting maxim :
Time and Project Management
This is a very hard problem for a true consultant , but less so for a contractor .
Your schedule is largely at the whim of your customers , and many consultants find that it 's a feast - or - famine existence .
You may have a nice comfortable level of work , but then two customers come with large projects : how can you do it all ?
Unlike corporate employment , where your boss gets to make these priority decisions , one customer rarely cares that some other customer also needs your attention .
In many cases you can simply schedule the work ( " I can do that for you by next Tuesday " ) , but consultants involved in day - to - day work cannot really expect a customer whose whole business is down due to a crash to just wait a week for you to show up .
Though your customer may very well understand that you 're busy , are dealing with some other customer disaster , or you have to stay home with a sick child , one cannot escape the reality that a consultant who is not available has less value than one who is .
I 've heard many customers speak well of previous consultants :
Said by customers :
" He was a great guy , but he was never available "
To some extent this can be partly addressed by higher rates — which reduces your demand — but this only works over the long term .
In the short term , you do not want your good , long - term customers going elsewhere because you 're not around , so the only solution may be to just work harder .
As long as you 're sleeping , you still have inventory Consulting maxim :
You have to decide how much of your life you 're willing to be consumed by your consulting practice , and you may decide that the always - available treadmill is just too stressful — this is a completely legitimate decision .
But you 're going to be less valuable to customers , and therefore justify lower rates .
Many consultants have a common fear — will the work dry up ? — and this can be quite pervasive .
You have no real job security and are at the mercy of customer projects , budgets , and personalities , and in many cases you do n't know that you will have work two months from now .
This creates an incentive to take more work than you can handle on the assumption that it might not be there in the future .
I was booked up solid for 17 years ( yet always with the " what if ...? " fear ) before the bottom fell out in late 2001 , and an empty pipeline is a very sobering experience .
Your pipeline is the amount of committed work you have in front of you , and longer pipelines are much more comforting .
You can't do much to avoid or predict the routine day - to - day interruptions , but you can schedule the larger projects .
Taking on a new project that you can start in two weeks means that you now have a certain amount of work you can count on .
The fear of an empty pipeline is with most consultants constantly , even if they 're consistently very busy Consulting maxim :
Unfortunately , consultants worried about their pipeline have a natural tendency to squeeze in new projects .
Though the new project is done at the moment , the time taken adds to the total pipeline because the other projects remain .
This is not terribly fair to the existing customers who are getting pushed back ( probably without notice ) , but it 's hard to overemphasize how powerful the empty - pipeline fear is .
Even good consultants do this now and then , though they typically manage it by cutting into non-work time rather than outright shortchanging existing projects .
A final note on time management : with ongoing customers , there will often be low - priority background projects that can be handled more or less at your convenience — e.g. , anytime in the next few months — and these are great to have in your back pocket during a slack time .
But many of these long - term customers have a kind of unspoken limit on how much you can bill them in any given month , so there is only so much of that back pocket time you can expend all at once .
Of course , if there is a disaster and you have to dive in , it takes what it takes , but most customers will call a time out when the invoice level reaches a certain amount .
You 're likely to run into a circumstance where you have things you could do for this customer , have nothing on your plate for anybody else , but have already reached that unspoken limit : if you go over , you 'll probably get paid , but it means you 're not going to be trusted to keep it reasonable in the future and will be subject to heightened scrutiny .
Locating this unspoken point is difficult , but it 's important not to see it as gaming the customer .
This all presumes that the customer legitimately needs the work done : otherwise it 's just churning , which is dishonest and besmirches the whole consulting profession ( and this is a close cousin to " value billing " used by accountants ) .
Instead , you 're providing the customer with a service by properly prioritizing the tasks in front of you , and in some cases you are more qualified to do this than the customer is : " Does that server need to be replaced right away , or can we get six more months out of it ? " or " Is our firewall secure enough , or must we upgrade the software now ? " .
You must know how to read your customer Consulting maxim :
The Projects you do n't take
It should come as no surprise that not every consultant is qualified to take every project , what 's not obvious is that a consultant should not take every project for which he is qualified .
There are circumstances when telling the customer ' no ' is giving them good service even if you do n't get paid for it .
A customer wanted me to " just start programming " on a large software system , but over their objections I insisted on creating a formal specification first .
After creating a 100 - page document ( which in retrospect was nevertheless wholly inadequate ) , Microsoft Project told us that it was going to take far more time and money than the customer had available .
The project was shelved .
Anecdote :
It would have been easier ( and certainly much more fun ) to " just start programming " , and I took serious pushback from the customer during the process , but it 's absolutely clear that this was the right thing to do .
Your customers are buying your judgment , not just your time Consulting maxim :
To be fair , I did get paid for writing the specification , but it was far , far less than what the programming would have been .
I was brought in by a new customer to evaluate another consultant 's work .
I found him to be technically competent , but the customer felt he was too secretive and generally difficult to work with .
So they could get rid of him , they asked me for a proposal to provide around 20 hours / week of consulting , and even at a discounted rate it would have been good work : it was a very slow time for me .
But during my evaluation I met a low - level guy on the help desk , and it was apparent fairly quickly that he was the perfect guy for the job .
He was young , but he had good training , good experience , and had simply been smothered by the other consultant and not allowed to grow in his position .
During the meeting with the customer , I told them they did not need me : they would get much better service for much less money by using their own staff .
They were flabbergasted to hear this , but it turned out to be exactly the right advice for them .
I understand they have been thrilled with Joe. Anecdote :
I lost the project , but gained a reference and helped a very nice young man take a big step early in his career .
And you never know when one of those managers may go elsewhere and need the services of a consultant who 's demonstrated that he looks out for his customers .
Being known for your integrity is the Holy Grail of consulting Consulting maxim :
Consultants should always act in the best interests of their customers even if it 's not so good for you .
It may be expensive , but this is how a reputation for honesty , integrity , and professionalism is built .
Intellectual Property
Unless you are providing nothing but services , your engagements are likely to involve some intellectual property ( software , documentations , designs , patents ) , and the open question is " Who owns it ? "
My policy has always been " The customer owns everything " .
It 's possible to structure an arrangement where you provide software in binary form , with source code being extra or put in escrow , but I believe these to be counterproductive to a good customer relationship .
If you 're seen as holding back or trying to create a device for extra billing , the customer often feels like you 're trying to manufacture job security : this never engenders good feelings .
An open customer relationship cultivates The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ Consulting maxim :
By telling the customer " Everything is yours " , you are making it clear that you are relying on nothing but your performance for ongoing work , and there are no questions about what 's in and what 's out .
One question that arises often : " can I reuse software from one customer to another ? " , and the answer is " sometimes " .
Generally , you cannot reuse a whole project because it represents customer - specific functionality .
This is their property and you can't repackage it without their express permission .
But once it gets down to the building - block level , it 's perfectly reasonable to reuse library code that performs generic , non-proprietary functions ( say , a networking library or a database abstraction layer ) .
I have a substantial body of C/C++ code that I draw upon for every project , and as long as nothing is tied to the original customer ( either by comments in the code or proprietary functionality ) , this allows you to do your project in less time .
Some consultants actually charge for their building - block libraries ( so called " toolkits " ) and though I suppose this can be reasonable if it's a really substantial infrastructure , I have never done so .
I decided that part of my value is everything I bring to the table , and it's what allows me to do a project faster and better , justifying my rates .
The other reason is that customers are usually suspicious of these toolkits , viewing them as an excuse to charge more money .
This is less of a concern if the toolkit is available on the open market and not strictly as a pitch to consulting customers , but my libraries do not warrant that kind of packaging .
Many of your projects will be one - time custom jobs , but sometimes you 'll be asked to build an actual product that your customer will sell ( more likely on a contract basis ) .
In these circumstances , other arrangements are possible , such as offering a discounted rate in return for a royalty on each unit sold .
This reduces the hit that the customer takes up front and gives you a vested interest in the long - term success of the product : it 's better for everybody when your interests are largely aligned with that of your customer .
But it does require more recordkeeping , and it create incentives for the customer to underreport sales .
These arrangements require much more negotiation skill on your part , especially since the customer usually knows his own market space better than you know his space .
I have never undertaken a royalty engagement .
Another issue that comes up from time to time is patent rights , and this often generates very strong feelings .
I have always believed that software patents are terrible for this industry and have opposed them vigorously .
My previous position had been that I would not participate in software patents in any way , but I have reversed myself .
I have several customers who patent everything they can find , but strictly as defensive measure .
Often , the only defense to a claim of patent infringement from another party is a patent portfolio of their own : they will trade and call a truce .
My customers positively hate this — it 's expensive and an enormous distraction — but they have to play in the same game as their competitors .
Refusing on principle to patent anything means the customer may be defenseless when the Cease and Desist letter arrives .
I have not yet been involved in any patent proceedings , but the general sentiment of the " Customer owns everything " consultant is that the consultant assigns the patent rights to the customer while perhaps retaining the role of Inventor .
Making the Leap
I have been a consultant for essentially my entire adult life —
I 've never held a " real " job — and the question of making the transition from corporate life to consulting is something I simply have no real experience with .
But I can touch on a few issues that I imagine are probably important .
It 's important to handle the obvious financial considerations first : have a nest egg in the bank , arrange for health insurance , create an office to work in .
This all takes more money than you think , and cashflow issues are always more difficult than you expect .
Many consultants get their start not by diving in , but by dipping a toe in the water .
A bit of work on the side is a great way to get a feel for the business and see if it 's really right for you .
Though the extra income will be nice ( and is often the main draw ) , the primary benefits of these early contracts are usually not financial .
Do you have the ability to manage your time without supervision ?
Are you able to treat customers like customers ?
Are you able to think well on your feet without a boss to fall back on ?
Can you earn a reference ?
Most beginning consultants do n't realize how important these non-technical factors are , and some have taken the full plunge only to find out that they were simply not cut out for consulting for whatever reason .
Failure is usually a very painful experience , and starting slow may help avoid this .
Your early contracts will almost always be at a less - than - market rate : if you 're not generally available during working hours , and if you take a day or two to respond to queries , this makes you less valuable to the customer .
But it 's extremely valuable for you to find out how you work in this arena .
This is an investment .
But I 'd like to wave you off on a common trouble area : customer theft .
When your corporate job includes servicing of customers , it can be tempting to go solo and take those customers with you , but this is an enormous mistake if it's not done with the approval of the company .
In addition to potentially running afoul of non-compete - agreements with your employer , it sends the message that you cannot be entrusted with a customer relationship .
If you have a reputation for stealing customers , you 'll never be trusted by other professionals Consulting maxim :
But once you 've gotten a few projects under your belt , you 'll hopefully have a taste for how the business operates , have some great references , and have enough work lined up to create a comfortable pipeline .
If so : make the leap !
Technical Skills and Certification
I purposely put the technical part of this Tech Tip last , to reinforce the notion that " customer service " , not " computer science " skills are the biggest factors in a successful consulting practice .
But it 's foolish to think that technical skills do n't matter : you do n't have a business unless you can offer a service that a customer is willing to buy .
I have a Bachelor 's Degree in Computer Science , but this only rarely comes up and I have never been asked for my GPA ( it was n't anything spectacular ) : this is my only certification .
Though for employment , certifications ( degree , MCSE , CISSP , etc. ) tend to matter a lot , they are much less important for consultants .
Your references and your experience are far more important than your certifications Consulting maxim :
What counts here is truly learning the subject matter , and there is no harm in obtaining the certificate in the process .
But if the goal is just to collect some paper , it leads to the prototypical computer jockey with lots of alphabets after his name but limited power in the driver 's seat .
Where the skills question gets tricky is when getting outside your comfort zone : a customer will ask you about a project that you are almost , but not quite , qualified for .
Surprisingly , this happens a lot : if you have conducted yourself well , your customer would rather find a way to use you — a known quantity — than find somebody else .
This occurs over a fairly wide range of skills .
When considering one of these projects , the first rule is : never lie to your customer about your skills .
Be completely candid with your customer about what you know and how you would address the project .
This would likely include substantial off - the - clock time as you got up to speed on the technology in question .
Do not BS your customers Consulting maxim :
But it 's important to weigh not only how you think you could handle the job in question , but how much you could leverage this for some next project , perhaps with a different customer .
For instance , if you 've been a Visual Basic programmer for a long time and are invited to consider an ASP .
NET project on the web , this may be a stretch for you technically .
If this is an area that you see yourself wanting to branch into , tell the customer you will get up to speed on your own time and may even offer a discount to make your services more attractive .
What you get at the end of the road is not only a new skill , but a new reference .
The time you spent on this project makes you more valuable — more full service — to this and other customers in the future .
" Education " is one of the best investments a consultant can make Consulting maxim :
The term " education " is used broadly here : formal training , heat - of - battle experience , previous consulting projects , and even personal projects at home that interest you .
This Tech Tip has been many months in the making , and it 's important to emphasize again that it 's based strictly on my own experience and observations , and I have no special business - school training to back it up .
Most of this was learned on the job , and I can only assume that my still being in business after 20 some years means that it 's not entirely without merit .
But there are a lot of ways to conduct a consulting practice , some of which bear no resemblance to how I have conducted mine : you are strongly urged to seek real counsel before setting out on your own .
Do n't quit your day job solely based on what you read here Consulting maxim :
The very best of luck to you .
Note :
The ™ in The Warm Fuzzy Feeling ™ is a presentation device , not a real trademark .
For another look at the life of consulting , please consider Spare Room Tycoon Succeeding Independently ( subtitled The 70 Lessons of Sane Self - Employment ) , by Dr. James Chan , which is less about how - to and more about what you 're going to go through .
It 's an easy read , and it gives a great insight to the experiences of self employment in a wide variety of industries .
This may give you clues as to whether you have the personality for going it alone or not .
Special thanks to Chris Mospaw for his graphic - design help .
PC Gamer recently caused an uproar when it revealed just how malevolent Ubisoft 's awful PC DRM was , informing the world that future Ubi games will kick you off your session if your Internet connection ever drops .
While right - thinking people believe this is pathetic behavior , Ubisoft has defended itself .
Or tried to , anyway .
" As long as you do not quit the game , the game will continue to try to reconnect for an unlimited time , " says Ubisoft , as if that makes it better .
" Once the game is able to reconnect , you will immediately be returned to your game .
" Where exactly you are reconnected in the game may differ from title to title .
Settlers 7 reconnects at the exact point where the connection was lost , AC2 reconnects you at the last checkpoint .
There are many checkpoints so you 're back to the point where you got disconnected in no time . "
According to Ubisoft , everything is alright because the game only boots you if the Internet connection is down for a prolonged period of time and it wo n't kick you if the connection slows .
Of course , this still means that you can't play Ubisoft games on a laptop outside of the house and that if your network is down for any reason , you 're not allowed to use the software you paid upwards of $ 40 .
In short : F*ck you , Ubisoft .
This DRM is pathetic .
Official explanation of controversial Assassin's Creed 2 DRM [ Ars Technica ]
“ The government has succeeded in driving mortgage rates down to their lowest level in our lifetime , ” said Guy Cecala , the publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance magazine .
“ That has n’t been a big home run , because a lot of people ca n’t take advantage of it . ”
It is highly unusual for mortgage money to be available below 5 percent .
Average rates fell as low as 4.7 percent in the 1940s , as the government held down interest rates to finance World War II , and stayed just below 5 percent until the early 1950s .
Rates went above 5 percent in 1952 and stayed there  until this year .
The super - low rates are not likely to last much longer .
The Federal Reserve program that has driven rates to such lows , which involves buying $ 1.25 trillion in mortgage - backed securities , is scheduled to expire in March , and Fed leaders have said that it would not be renewed .
Some analysts believe rates could jump as high as 6 percent in the spring .
On a $ 300,000 mortgage , such a jump would cost an extra $ 225 a month .
Andrew Knapp , a sales executive in Bartlett , Ill. , has tried twice to refinance , which would save his family several hundred sorely needed dollars every month .
Lenders said the house had lost value and the Knapps had too much debt .
“ There was no urgency for them to do anything , ” Mr. Knapp said .
The most recent Federal Reserve survey of lenders found that they were continuing to tighten terms for business and household loans .
Banks say they are under pressure from regulators to raise their cash reserves , which means fewer loans .
They also argue that a troubled economy breeds extreme caution .
“ More than ever before , lenders are very conscious of making good quality loans , ” said Michael Fratantoni , the vice president for research at the Mortgage Bankers Association .
“ They are looking at the value of the collateral and the credit quality of the borrower . ”
CO2 capture , transport and storage are promising approaches , pointed up by international experts , to preserving the planet and helping to fight climate change .
These processes aid to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of industrial facilities that use fossil fuels ( fuel oil , gas or coal ) such as power plants , steel mills , cement factories , oil refineries .
Air Liquid is contributing to this project by supplying the technology of CO2 capture by means of oxycombustion .
This process consists in replacing the air in an industrial boiler by pure oxygen .
The fumes obtained when they come out of the boiler are then very concentrated in CO2 ( 90 % ) .
On January 11 , 2010 , the inauguration of the first European pilot integrating the entire process of capturing and storing CO2 , the main greenhouse gas responsible for the planet ’s global warming , will be held on the Lacq site in France .
Labels : Carbon capture and storage
Stuart Bradford
Almost four decades after the federal education law called Title IX opened the door for girls to participate in high school and college athletics , a crucial question has remained unanswered :
Do sports make a long - term difference in a woman ’s life ?
A large body of research shows that sports are associated with all sorts of benefits , like lower teenage pregnancy rates , better grades and higher self - esteem .
But until now , no one has determined whether those improvements are a direct result of athletic participation .
It may be that the type of girl who is attracted to sports already has the social , personal and physical qualities — like ambition , strength and supportive parents — that will help her succeed in life .
Now , separate studies from two economists offer some answers , providing the strongest evidence yet that team sports can result in lifelong improvements to educational , work and health prospects .
At a time when the first lady , Michelle Obama , has begun a nationwide campaign to improve schoolchildren ’s health , the lessons from Title IX show that school - based fitness efforts can have lasting effects .
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 required schools and colleges receiving federal money to provide the same opportunities for girls as they did for boys .
Relatively few students , male or female , participate in intercollegiate sports .
But the effects in high school were remarkable .
Just six years after the enactment of Title IX , the percentage of girls playing team sports had jumped sixfold , to 25 percent from about 4 percent .
Most research on Title IX has looked at national trends in girls ’ sports .
Betsey Stevenson , an economist at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , has taken it a step further , focusing on state - by - state variations .
“ I looked to see what it means to add sports to girls ’ lives , ” she said .
“ How does it change things for them ? ”
States with large boys ’ sports programs had to make bigger changes to achieve parity than states with smaller programs .
Looking at the state - by - state statistics allowed Dr. Stevenson to narrow her focus , comparing differences in sports participation with differences in women ’s educational and work achievement .
So her study untangles the effects of sports participation from other confounding factors — school size , climate , social and personal differences among athletes — and comes far closer to determining a cause and effect relationship between high school sports participation and achievement later in life .
Using a complex analysis , Dr. Stevenson showed that increasing girls ’ sports participation had a direct effect on women ’s education and employment .
She found that the changes set in motion by Title IX explained about 20 percent of the increase in women ’s education and about 40 percent of the rise in employment for 25 - to - 34 - year - old women .
“ It ’s not just that the people who are going to do well in life play sports , but that sports help people do better in life , ” she said , adding , “ While I only show this for girls , it ’s reasonable to believe it ’s true for boys as well . ”
Another question is whether Title IX has made a difference in women ’s long - term health .
In a carefully conducted study , Robert Kaestner , an economics professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago , compared rates of obesity and physical activity of women who had been in high school in the 1970s — as Title IX was taking effect — with similar women from earlier years .
Controlling the results for other influences , like age and changing diets , Dr. Kaestner was able to tease out the effects Title IX had on women ’s health .
He found that the increase in girls ’ athletic participation caused by Title IX was associated with a 7 percent lower risk of obesity 20 to 25 years later , when women were in their late 30s and early 40s .
His article was published this month in the journal Evaluation Review .
Dr. Kaestner notes that while a 7 percent decline in obesity is modest , no other public health program can claim similar success .
And other studies have shown that even a small drop in weight can lower risk for diabetes and other health problems .
There is still room for improvement .
Today about 1 in 3 high school girls play sports , compared with about half of all boys .
And participation varies widely by state , according to Dr. Stevenson ’s research .
Southern states like Alabama , Louisiana and Tennessee still have big gender gaps , while Northern states like Maine , Minnesota , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Vermont are closer to parity .
“ While we have more girls than ever before , we still have far more boys playing sports than girls , ” said Nicole M. LaVoi , associate director of the Tucker Center for Research on Girls and Women in Sport at the University of Minnesota .
“ The research clearly states that when anybody , boys and girls , are physically active , they can reap developmental and health benefits .
But we have n’t reached equality yet . ”
I 've been babbling about Perl and programming in general on Perlmonks and IRC for years .
mst finally got me to start blogging as part of the Ironman blogging push .
As family , friends and elected officials in El Monte gathered today to mourn one of their community ’s rising civic stars , many said the killing this week of school board member Agustin “ Bobby ” Salcedo in the Mexican city of Gomez Palacios underscored Mexico ’s drug violence coming home to California in a new and chilling way .
" I hope this focuses people ’s attention on the senseless killings taking place in Mexico right now , " said El Monte Mayor Andre Quintero , who was a close friend of Salcedo .
“ Bobby was an absolute bright , shining star ... They did n’t just take his life .
They robbed him from our community .
... We have to get justice . ”
Congresswoman Judy
Chu called the incident “ a terrible reminder of the drug war that is raging just south of our border , and most importantly , it shows that this conflict does not respect borders . ”
Salcedo , who was also assistant principal at El Monte High School , was born and raised in Southern California , but his wife Betzy is from Gomez Palacios , where she trained as a doctor .
The couple were visiting her family for the holidays .
They were dining with some of Betzy ’s former classmates at a pool hall Wednesday evening when armed men burst in and kidnapped Salcedo and five other men .
All six were found dead Thursday , El Monte officials said .
Friends and family said there was no reason for the couple to be targeted .
“ From all accounts right now , it sounds random , ” said Salcedo ’s brother , Carlos .
The situation in the state of Durango has been worsening in the last year .
Traditionally , it has had a reputation as a peaceful , hard - working ranching state while neighboring states Sinaloa and Chihuahua were known for drug trafficking .
But with drug violence now an ingrained part of life in the states all around Durango , widespread criminality and lawlessness have descended .
The return home for Christmas was once a hallowed tradition of Durangan immigrants in Southern California .
This year , however , the Federation of Durangan Clubs estimated travel home was down by as much as 60 % , due mostly to widespread fear , said Carlos Martinez , federation secretary .
The federation was promoting an Interjet Airlines round - trip flight from Tijuana to Durango for $ 220 , cheaper than the cost of a bus .
But the airline had to cancel the flight due to lack of sales , Martinez said .
“ There ’s a lot of fear , ” he said .
“ People do n’t want to risk it . ”
-- Sam Quinones , Molly Hennessy - Fiske , Ruben Vives and Jessica Garrison
Photo : Andy Fernandez , 26 , of South El Monte wipes a tear from his face at El Monte City Hall , where a photo of slain El Monte school board member Agustin Roberto " Bobby " Salcedo and his wife was on display .
Credit : Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times
These hidden gems are all over the map when it comes to ethnic inspiration or location -- but they 're uniformly delicious .
MAHON GRILLED CHEESE at Olympic Provisions
--
It 's hard to find the perfect grilled cheese , with good butter evenly coating the bread , a beautifully bronzed exterior , all buttery - toasty and luxuriously crispy , and cheese that is not merely melted but some unfathomable combination of hot , pully and oozy .
This emerging indie - food hot spot nails it ( $ 6 , lunch only ) .
The feathery brioche pullman bread helps , as does the application of Mornay sauce , the creamy white sauce more typically found in a Croque Monsieur , bumped up here with mushrooms and sherry .
But the real revelation is the buttery - sharp - tangy Spanish mahon cheese .
" It 's my favorite eating cheese , " says kitchen honcho Jason Barwikowski .
" I do n't like cheddar , it gets too oily .
Majon holds up in flavor and has a good stretch to it . "
Who could argue ?
( 107 S.E. Washington St. , 503-954-3663 ,
)
--
DEBRIS PO ' BOY at EaT : An Oyster Bar
-- Less architectural than it sounds , " debris " is a New Orleans expression for scraps of meat left in the pan , piled on a po ' boy roll .
EaT's is less moist than many traditional versions , but the meat is tender and pungent , the bun crusty and holding it all together is their " come - back sauce , " a Cajun rémoulade with maybe a little more cayenne than you were expecting .
$ 10 .
( 3808 N. Williams Ave. ; 503-281-1222 ;
)
--
PORCHETTA at The People 's Pig ( pictured )
-- Defiantly set a block from busy carts that line Southwest Stark and Third Avenue and boasting a whiff of commie pride logo , The People 's Pig seems like a cart gone rogue : establishing new cart territory and a menu that relies entirely on pork sandwiches .
The kicker is sandwich fillings that read like the menu at a pricey Italian ristorante : soppressata with goat cheese , cotechino sausage and lentils , meatballs with cinnamon - tinged tomato sauce , and the signature porchetta ( $ 8 ) with parsley pesto .
Owner Cliff Allen is a pizzaiolo at Nostrana restaurant , and it shows .
To make his porchetta , he layers pork belly , garlic and herbs on a pork loin , rolls it up and roasts it .
A slice yields deliciously crunchy outer pieces and moist fatty inner pieces , tucked into a crusty toasted ciabatta roll from Fleur de Lis Bakery .
It 's deliciously porky , herby and greasy in the very best way .
But let the eater beware : Unless consumed immediately , its beauty fades quickly .
( Southwest Stark and Second Avenue , 11 a.m. -3 p.m. Mon-Fri ;
)
--
THE MAPLE at Meat Cheese Bread
-- Weird , inspired and addictive .
That 's the only way to describe this rehabbed egg - and - sausage sandwich , loaded up between slices of the kitchen 's maple - currant bread pudding , which is dense and eggy , a little sweet and a little crisp -- like French toast from another universe .
In between : a thin sausage patty , kicky chipotle cheese and crisp shavings of fresh fennel , which somehow elevates the whole thing into something trashy yet regal .
Cost is $ 6.50 , but if you 're really flying , add a fried egg for $ 1 . ( 1406 S.E. Stark St. , 503-234-1700 ,
)
-- Karen Brooks
BEEF TORTA at Sanchez Taqueria
-- All Mexican tortas , or sandwiches , are not created equal .
This one is a classic Latin beauty , built on a textbook - perfect oblong 8 - inch - long bolillo roll fresh from Panaderia Gonzalez in Newberg .
It 's a yielding and slightly sweet foundation for minced carne asada ( marinated beef ) , onion , cilantro , cabbage , tomato and avocado .
One bite and it's a fiesta in your mouth : juicy grilled meat flavors , satisfying crunchy and creamy textures from the vegetables ; a piquant kick comes as a nice surprise courtesy of pickled carrots and jalapeños , and a sprinkling of cotija cheese adds welcome saltiness .
Wash it down with an ice - cold bottle of Mexican cane sugar Coke for a match made in heaven and Michoacán .
$ 5.50 ( 13050 S.W. Pacific Highway , Tigard , 503-684-2838 )
--
FALAFEL at Cafe Velo
--
At this new takeout shop on the downtown transit mall , falafel gets a modern makeover far removed from its garlicky greasy ancestor .
Hand - shaped flatbreads , supple with olive oil and grilled to order , are layered with chickpea fritters and marinated vegetables , plus crisp fennel doused in excellent Katz Meyer lemon olive oil ( $ 5 ) .
Watch for the addition of interesting local vegetables come spring .
A dab of harissa ( North African spice paste ) and some yogurt tahini sauce infused with saffron reveal the culinary muscles of this petite downtown kitchen .
( 600 S.W. Pine St. , 503-719-0287 ,
)
--
THE BLUE RIBBON at Grand Central Bakery
-- Like your steak with a dollop of Roquefort sauce ?
Then rejoice at the Blue Ribbon ( $ 7 ) , in which thinly sliced smoked grass - fed beef from Oregon 's Highland Oak Ranch collides with a pungent buttermilk - blue - cheese mayonnaise on a toasted brioche roll .
Butter lettuce and crunchy house - made red-onion pickles make this seasonal special feel like classic picnic fare , pumped up with blue ribbon ingredients .
( Multiple locations including 3425 S.W. Multnomah Blvd. and 2230 S.E. Hawthorne Blvd. ,
)
--
PROSCIUTTO BUTTER SANDWICH at Coffeehouse Northwest
-- From 23 - year - old renegade baker Adam Kennedy comes a prime example of minimalist sandwich perfection , right down to the homemade bread and butter .
Prepared daily for Coffeehouse Northwest , a caffeine haunt for baristas and bohos , the ready - made sandwich , stacked in a big glass jar on the counter , is gaining momentum .
Kennedy , who calls his company Broken Frame Bakery , delivers the kraft - paper - wrapped bundles early in the morning , and by midday the salty sandwiches are gone .
His bread , a pane francese mini oval loaf , has a holey interior to catch a thin layer of rosy meat and hand - churned butter spiked with Welsh fleur de sel .
Sometimes less really is more .
( 1951 W. Burnside St. , 503-248-2133 ,
)
-- Teri Gelber
BAHN MI at Best Baguette
( photo above )
-- A contender for Beaverton 's best Vietnamese submarine sandwiches can be found at a place that looks like a fast - food joint .
With its tubby little mascot cartoon character and sterile , bright decor , Best Baguette , with two locations , is poised to become the Micky D's of bahn mi .
But we 're not complaining .
The foot - long baguettes , baked every hour , are true and proper : shatteringly crisp outside and airy light within .
The extensive menu of well - prepared fillings will please the traditionalists ( decadent pâté and head cheese , $ 2.95 ) and the timid ( savory grilled beef , $ 3.50 ) .
There 's even a breakfast version , the pork roll with egg ( $ 3.35 ) .
Still , the classic daikon and carrots garnish lacks the tart pickling flavor that adds its own flavor punch and cuts through the rich flavors of the fillings .
Ask for a few extra slices of jalapeño -- do n't worry , they 're not too hot -- and cilantro sprigs , then dig in .
( 3635 S.W. Hall Blvd. , Beaverton , and 8303 S.E. Powell Blvd. , Portland ,
)
-- Danielle Centoni
THE ORCHARD at Otto's
-- Follow the intoxicating scent of wood smoke wafting along Woodstock , and you 'll end up at a place where " Sausage Kitchen and Meat Market " has been on the sign for 80 years .
Though there are more than a dozen delicious - sounding specialty sandwiches , this pick , which showcases the butchery 's Hunter Sausage , is a no-brainer .
Made with Carlton Farms pork and beef and a natural casing , it 's smoked for five hours over alder wood harvested weekly from the family farm .
Layered in neat rows atop Delphina 's whole wheat bread , the sliced German bologna , as they call it , gets slathered with honey mustard , dressed with mild havarti and cream cheeses , plus the usual mayonnaise and lettuce fixings .
The secret weapon comes in the form of Granny Smith apple slices , which offer a brilliant tart counterpoint to the smokiness of the meat .
Crafty bunch , those Old World butchers .
$ 4.95 ( 4138 S.E. Woodstock Blvd. , 503-771-6714 ,
)
-- Shawn Vitt
PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY at Baker & Spice
--
It hardly ever gets mentioned , but key to the success of this juvenile staple -- and adult guilty pleasure -- is the unbilled element , the bread .
( Imagine the risks of rye . )
So while you could get your PB&J at a jelly store , or at a peanut butter store , you 're completely covered if you get it at a bakery .
Baker &
Spice serves theirs on old - fashioned sandwich or three - seed bread , either of which can stand up to the dense chunky peanut butter and fruity raspberry jam .
Unfortunately , chocolate milk is not available .
$ 3.50 ( 6330 S.W. Capitol Highway , 503-244-7573 ;
)
-- David Sarasohn
DUE FORMAGGIO PANINI at Gusto Bistro & Marketplace
--
If the words " grilled cheese " make you think of childhood lunches of tomato soup and slices of Wonder bread stuffed with Kraft American cheese , it 's time to grow up !
This grilled panini should do the trick , with Asiago Pressato and manchego cheese melding for ultimate richness .
And then comes the textural surprise of thin apple slices , which give each bite wonderful crunch .
Available whole for $ 8 or half for $ 5 , it comes with a lightly dressed salad of mixed greens .
( 467 Third St. , Lake Oswego , 503-635-3151 ;
)
--
BRESAOLA ON SLAB BREAD at Little T American Baker
-- From one of the city 's best bread makers comes a new sandwich built on rich , focaccia - like slab bread , slathered with a vibrant relish of diced lemon peel and capers , then piled with arugula and paper - thin slices of bresaola , salted , air - dried cured beef ( $ 8 ) .
Each bite pops with so much bright , bitter , salty , herbal goodness it makes it hard to eat with any semblance of restraint .
( 2600 S.E. Division St. ; 503-238-3458 ;
)
-- Danielle Centoni
MORTADELLA PANINI at Nostrana
-- Who knew Portland 's top Italian restaurant makes some of the best sandwiches ?
It 's no wonder :
From the condiments to the loaves , practically everything in the Nostrana larder is made in - house .
Picking a favorite from the lunch menu's daily - changing panini list is tough ( they 're all good ) , until you try what kitchen hand Devon Chase refers to as " the underdog . "
The Mortadella Panini ( $ 10 ) is so much more than its humble name implies , and once you dig into its savory depths , you wo n't be able to put it down .
The sandwich begins with a wood - oven - baked ciabatta bun smeared with garlicky aioli ( homemade mayonnaise ) .
Bite into the bulging beauty and taste imported mortadella , Italy 's favorite cold cut , made from pork and dotted with pistachios ; it 's full - flavored but not too salty .
This un-bologna sandwich -- we 're not talking Oscar Mayer here -- is layered with a tangy - sharp provolone piccante cheese , red onions , arugula and irresistible Mama Lil 's peppers , spicy soft pickled peppers made in Seattle and something of a cult ingredient among local chefs .
From the first bite to the last chin drip , this warm , melty combo takes you to sandwich paradiso .
( 1401 S.E. Morrison St. , 503-234-2427 ,
)
-- Teri Gelber
the creationist swarm stays on the offensive
After several years of sustained pushback , you 'd think that creationists would find a new strategy .
But they 're nothing if not consistent and deaf to criticism ...
Just like politicians and demagogues , creationists are n’t bound by such rules as honesty or actually knowing what they ’re talking about , which means that no matter how many times their claims are refuted , they ’ll simply repeat them as if nothing happened .
Devoted creationists are actually like the human analog of brick walls .
If your throw something at them , it will simply bounce back because they really do n’t care about anything which goes against their personal beliefs , and in a world where they get to live by their own rules , they never have to accept , or deal with actual facts .
Like the undead hordes who hunt the living in horror movies , creationists are on a mission to swarm those who have not been converted and assail them with everything they can to either sway the skeptics , or silence them into submission .
And since they believe that their rejection of science frees them from the responsibility to be truthful , outright lies and self - aggrandizing claims are n’t out of the question .
This casual relationship with the real world is how they can look those of us who understand the basics of the evolutionary theory in the eye and pretend that Ken Ham ’s lucrative indulgence in spreading ignorance under the guise of a mission from God , the Answers in Genesis publications , as a valid source of scientific evidence for a six day creation as per the Bible .
Here ’s an example of this in a letter to the editor in Lancaster , PA …
With an abundance of material ranging from children ’s textbooks to the output of biology , geology and paleontology departments , creationists are well read and informed on the theory of evolution .
But the reverse is sadly not true .
Evolutionists simply assume there is no science to support [ six day , young Earth ] creation so they do n’t bother to look for it .
So let me get this straight , creationists are so informed about the theory of evolution , they ca n’t even define it in what they call scientific papers , constantly confuse it with cosmology , loudly declare that everything they read is wrong and all the transitional fossils filling museums are just a figment of our imagination , and then desperately present any and kind of debate in biology as the death knell of the evolutionary theory ?
Really ?
That ’s what they call being well read and informed ?
For readers who may remember Joe Johnson ’s opus of creationist canards , how different were his proclamations from that of other creationists and how informed is someone who ’s comments could be countered by any high school graduate who passed a science class ?
I ’d also like to note the misdirection by the letter ’s author .
Note that it ’s the scientists who are supposed to be the ones looking for proof of creationist claims and when they do n’t find this proof , it ’s just because they ’re close - minded materialists .
This is trademark crank logic .
The only answer they ’ll accept is the answer they want .
And that ’s where the charlatans from Answers in Genesis come into play .
You see , according to Dale Murray ’s wag of the finger at those silly evolutionists , the very same people who descend into inane statements about basic physics , ca n’t and wo n’t understand the basics of popular cosmology and concoct illogical arguments to create a problem out of nowhere , harbor scientists who write about multi-billion year rock formations as soon as Ken Ham is n’t looking , publish a self - proclaimed space program engineer who ’s understanding of simple astronomy can be bested by a middle school student , and declare that they consider any fact they can’t cram into the Bible to be unequivocally wrong by fiat , are a legitimate source of objective and scientific information .
And they even have a peer - reviewed journal like real scientists !
By which they actually mean that a few cranks on Ham ’s payroll write more of the same constantly refuted inanities and after a vigorous session of back patting , publish their quote mined junk in what they call a journal .
In other words , as noted before , the creationists are playing scientist in an attempt to give their proselytizing some shred of validity .
Creationists have done their scientific homework .
If you hold to the secular world view of evolution , you are now , as they say , without excuse .
Kindly spare the claims of “ no science ” before you do your homework to learn how clear , observable scientific evidence strongly supports God ’s account of creation .
Have creationists done their scientific homework ?
Yes .
And they got an F across the board .
So to all the Dale Murrays writing to news editors about the supposed scientific backing for creationism , kindly do us all a favor and please spare the bullshit .
After you manage to tell us that two and two really equal five , it ’s pretty apparent that we ’re not the ones who should ’ve spent a little more time on math .
And the same idea applies to calling a vanity publication devoted to obfuscating reality to advance their agenda of forceful religious indoctrination by their own admission , a mountain of scientific information supporting a literal , Biblical creation .
A recent search on Buckminster Fuller brought out a completely new fact to me .
On further search on that topic on Google , and I realized that it is a little known piece of trivia .
The origins of the US Flag , the Stars and Stripes has a connection to India .
In this excerpt from R. Buckminster Fuller ’s _ Critical Path _( Copyright 1981 by R. Buckminster Fuller pp. xxi to xxii ) , Fuller writes
By pure chance I happened to uncover this popularly unknown episode of American history .
Commissioned in 1970 by the Indian government to design new airports in Bombay , New Delhi , and Madras , I was visiting the grand palace of the British fortress in Madras , where the English first established themselves in India in 1600 .
There I saw a picture of Queen Elizabeth I and the flag of the East India Company of 1600 A.D. , with its thirteen red and white horizontal stripes and its superimposed crosses in the upper corner .
What astonished me was that this flag ( which seemed to be the American flag ) was apparently being used in 1600 A.D. , 175 years before the American RevolutiOn Displayed on the stairway landing wall together with the portrait of Queen Elizabeth I painted on canvas , the flag was paint - ed on the wall itself , as was the seal of the East India Company .
This is the flag that Buckminster Fuller is talking about .
More on this flag here and here
Fuller goes on to layout the possible cause for the similarity between the latter day Stars and Stripes .
The supreme leaders of the American Revolution were of the southern type - George WashingtOn and Thomas Jefferson Both were great land - owners with direct royal grants for their lands , in contradistinction to the relatively meager individual landholdings of the individual northern Puritan colonists .
Have you ever had that moment where , all of a sudden , you remember something that you said or did in the past , the severity of which you only realized later on ?
That sharp inhalation , shortness of breath , the flush of humiliation , the sick lurching in the pit of your stomach as you recall hurtful words , or an action that was so clearly displeasing to Allah … it is a very physical reaction , a recoiling from your own past deeds .
It may not even be the first time you think about those actions , it may not even be the first time to make istighfaar because of them … but sometimes , it may be the first time that you really and truly feel absolutely sickened at the realization of the gravity of it all .
It might not even have been a ‘ big deal ’ – perhaps it was a cruel joke to a sensitive friend , or not having fulfilled a promise that was important to someone , or betraying a secret that you did n’t think was all that serious .
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
And yet … and yet , at this moment , your memory of that action is stark and gut - wrenching .
It is a deeply unpleasant feeling .
It is also a very necessary one .
The Act of Tawbah
Tawbah – seeking forgiveness from Allah – is something that we speak about , especially in Ramadan , the month of forgiveness .
However , it is also something that we tend to speak about in general terms , or write off as something simple – “ Just say astaghfirAllah and do n’t do it again . ”
In truth , tawbah is about much more than muttering istighfaar under your breath .
It is a process , an emotional experience , one that engages your memory , your soul , and your entire body .
The first step of tawbah is to recognize the sin – whether seemingly small or severe – and to understand just how wrong it was .
Each and every one of our deeds is written in our book of deeds ; each and every deed will be presented to us on the Day of Judgment for us to be held accountable for .
There are times when we say things so casually that it does n’t even register to us how we could be affecting the person we ’ve spoken to .
As RasulAllah once told A’ishah ,
“ You have said a word which would change the sea ( i.e. poison or contaminate it ) if it were mixed in it . ” ( Sunan Abi Dawud )
The second step is to feel true remorse .
It ’s not enough to rationally acknowledge that action as being sinful ; one must feel guilt , remorse , and grief over having committed it .
Tawbah is to feel that sucker - punch of humiliation and guilt as we recall our sins : not just the mildly awkward ones , like a petty fib or mild infraction , but the genuinely terrible parts of ourselves … ugly lies , vicious jealousy , violations against others ’ rights , abuse .
Some of us may be actual criminals – others of us may seem presentable on the outside , even religious , maybe even spiritual … and yet have violated others in terrible ways .
Abuse comes in so many forms , and some of us are perpetrators , not just victims .
Facing that reality can be a gruesome process .
It is a necessary process .
Token words , glib recitation of spiritual formulae , those do not constitute tawbah in its entirety .
Rather , it is a matter of owning up to our violations , experiencing genuine emotion over them – true humiliation , true regret – and striving not to be that person ever again .
Much as we hate to admit it , we have our own fair share of red flags that we create and wave , even before we get into the nasty business of committing the worst of our sins .
Tawbah is n’t just feeling bad for those Big Sins – it ’s to recognize what led us to them to begin with .
It requires us to acknowledge our own flaws of character , of the ease with which we fall into certain behaviours , the way we justify the pursuit of our desires , the blindness we have to the worst parts of ourselves .
Tawbah is to sit down and face all of it – and then to beg Allah , over and over , not just to forgive us and erase those specific actions , but to change us for the better .
This experience is so much more powerful than a mere “ I ’m sorry , ” or “ omg , that was awful ” ; it is an act that embodies our submission to Allah because it requires us to make ourselves incredibly emotionally vulnerable , and in that moment , to experience a deep pain and acknowledge our wrongdoing .
It is to hold your heart out to Allah and to beg Him , with every fiber of your being , with tears in your eyes , with a lump in your throat , wracked with regret , to please , please , please forgive you – because without it , without His Mercy and His Forgiveness and His Gentleness and His Love towards us , we have no hope and we will be utterly destroyed .
{ Rabbanaa thalamnaa anfusanaa , wa illam taghfir lanaa wa tar ’hamnaa , lanakunanna mina’l Khaasireen !}
{ Our Lord , we have wronged ourselves , and if You do not forgive us and have mercy upon us , we will surely be among the losers !} ( Qur ’an 7:23 )
This experience of tawbah is powerful , emotional , and heartbreaking .
It is meant to be .
It is a reminder to us of how truly dependent we are upon our Lord and our Creator , how nothing else in our lives can give us joy or a sense of peace if He is displeased with us .
It is a reminder to us of how deeply we crave His Love , of how desperately we need it , of how His Pleasure is the ultimate goal of our existence .
Finally , there is the step of resolving never to commit that sin again , to redress the wrongs if possible , and to follow up the bad deed with a good one .
The vow is one we make to ourselves , asking Allah ’s help to uphold it – because we are incapable of doing anything at all without His Permission ; the righting of wrongs is what we do to correct our transgression against others ’ rights over us , although there are times when we may well be unable to seek another individual ’s forgiveness , whether because of distance , death , or otherwise ; and the good deeds to undertake as penance are numerous , whether they be sadaqah or increased ‘ ebaadah .
But it does n’t end there .
And it never will .
Tawbah is not a once - in - a - lifetime event .
It is not even a once - a - year event , or once a month , or once a week .
It is meant to be a daily experience , a repeated occurrence , in the earliest hours of the morning , in the depths of the last third of the night , during your lunch break or your daily commute or in the middle of a social gathering .
Tawbah is a lifelong journey , for who amongst us does n’t commit mistakes and errors every day ?
All we can do is beg of Allah not only for His Forgiveness , but also : { Allahumma ij ’alnaa min at - tawwaabeen .} – O Allah , make us amongst those who are constantly engaging in repentance !
The US has reconfigured its plans to protect against " rogue " states
Romania has agreed to host missile interceptors as part of a new US defence shield , its president says .
President Traian Basescu said the plan was approved by the defence council .
It still needs parliamentary approval .
The US scrapped a previous missile shield , based in Poland and the Czech Republic , which had infuriated Russia .
Instead the new system would provide better defence from " the emerging threat " of Iranian short - and medium - range missiles , a US official said .
Mr Basescu said the system would " protect the whole of Romania 's territory " , but stressed that it " is not directed against Russia " .
He said Romania will host " ground capabilities to intercept missiles " that would be operational by 2015 if approved by parliament .
Smaller system
In the US , state department spokesman PJ Crowley also stressed that the new system was " not a capability that is directed at Russia " .
Romania has agreed to host anti-ballistic missile interceptors as part of the administration 's " new missile defence plan ... to protect US forward - deployed troops and our NATO allies against current and emerging ballistic missile threats from Iran , " he said .
Mr Obama 's decision to abandon the original plan in September was greeted with enthusiasm in Russia , and came amid attempts to " reset " the relationship between Washington and Moscow .
The anti-ballistic missile shield favoured by former President George W Bush would be replaced by a reconfigured system designed to shoot down short - and medium - range missiles , Mr Obama announced .
He said intelligence suggested Iran was concentrating on shorter - range , not intercontinental , missiles .
The Bush administration plans had infuriated Russia , which threatened to train nuclear warheads on Poland the Czech Republic in response .
The new system is built around ship - and land - based SM - 3 missile interceptors .
In October , US Vice - President Joseph Biden visited Poland , Romania and the Czech Republic seeking support for the new system .
Poland has already signed up .
Personal Injury Attorneys
St. Petersburg , Clearwater , Tampa , Sarasota
Pinellas , Hillsborough
Vince Lombardi famously said that “ Winning is not a sometimes thing ; it ’s an all the time thing .
You do n’t win once in a while ; you do n’t do things right once in a while ; you do them right all the time .
Winning is a habit .
Unfortunately , so is losing . ”
At the law firm of Reeder & Nussbaum , P.A. , this philosophy plays a strong role in how we handle your case .
Achieving success , whether in the courtroom or in life , takes determination , a competitive drive and the belief that when you are willing to put it on the line for a cause that is worthwhile , good things will follow .
When someone seeks our firm ’s representation after an accident causing serious injuries , we let that person know that — while we cannot guarantee a result in any case — we can promise that no one will be more dedicated to their cause than our attorneys .
In St. Petersburg , Tampa , and surrounding areas such as Clearwater and Pinellas County , Florida , our firm represents clients in personal injury , insurance claims , and wrongful death cases .
We advocate on behalf of people injured by another person ’s careless or reckless behavior in all types of personal injury cases .
Some of the most common cases we handle involve
We also represent individuals and medical care providers who have been denied coverage under Florida ’s personal injury protection ( PIP ) laws .
If you have been hurt in a serious auto accident , or are a physician who has not been reimbursed for services rendered , speak to a PIP lawyer at Reeder & Nussbaum , P.A .
Our lawyers are well - versed in the Florida “ no fault ” auto accident insurance system and provide representation to auto accident victims , doctors , chiropractors , hospitals , and others who have been denied compensation .
Changes to the Florida PIP law that go into effect on January 1 , 2013 make compensation even less easy to obtain , so do n’t wait until it ’s too late to speak to a PIP attorney at our firm .
Experienced CAR ACCIDENT LAWYERS & Injury ATTORNEYS
Who Know How Insurance Companies Operate
Our law firm ’s partners , Marc B. Nussbaum and Andrew Douglas Reeder , are accomplished professionals who both worked as insurance attorneys for insurance companies before changing their emphasis to representing injured people against insurance companies .
They have first - hand knowledge of how insurance companies defend against injury claims like car accidents , hurricane damages and wrongful death cases , which gives our clients an edge when it comes to building strong claims to withstand insurance companies ’ attempts to minimize compensation .
At Reeder & Nussbaum , Every Case and Client Is Unique and Important
At some firms , lawyers have a set way of doing things .
The way they handle your case may be the same way they handled the last ten personal injury cases .
At Reeder & Nussbaum , we know that no two cases are the same .
During your initial consultation , we will talk with you about your situation and give you an opportunity to tell us what you need from us .
If you call us with a question about your case , you will speak with an attorney — not a case manager or a paralegal .
Even after regular business hours , we are still available to clients 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
We return all phone calls within 24 hours .
We never leave our clients in the dark about the direction of their cases or about what we are doing to successfully resolve their claims .
When you need an attorney , call Reeder & Nussbaum toll free now at
877-449-2889 or 727-521-2889 or 813-657-2889
for a free consultation .
Se habla español .
Your Voice for the Masses
Pulpit Calls was established in 2009 to provide a Free 24/7 Prayer line for people seeking to share their religious beliefs through prayer .
Since its establishment , millions of prayer calls have been answered .
Requests for personal Prayers have been met through our conference prayer lines .
Our Mission is to make our services available to you to spread your religion in a unique way that may capture more parishioners for organic growth .
‘ Cultural Marxism ’ is psycho - babble for conservatives .
They use it in the same way AA uses ‘ denial ’ and the official , castrated Left tosses about the useless cliche ’ of ‘ inclusiveness . ’
It ’s a trite expression which means nothing .
‘ Cultural Marxism ’ is also an oxymoron like ‘ Christian Zionism ’ and ‘ Religious Right . ’
Mainstream conservatives in the USA believe in the Theology of the Fall from Grace .
That is , they preach America once was perfect but somehow some devils wormed themselves into the System and fucked everything up .
With the demise of the Soviet Union , Cultural Marxism has emerged as the latest demon .
It also enables the brain - dead Right to label anything they do n’t like or understand to be ‘ socialist ’ or even ‘ communist . ’
Also , because the Cult of Political Correctness does not allow Conservatives to call Obama a nigger , they call this minion of ultra-Capitalist Wall Street a ‘ socialist ’ or Muslim instead .
The shibboleth of ‘ Cultural Marxism ’ picked up speed when it was cited as the new devil in two different , best - selling books by Pat Buchanan .
Buchanan , using a single source , presented a caricature of Italian Marxist Antonio Gramsci and an hysterical over-estimation of the Frankfurt School .
This is Pat Buchanan at his worst , a Catholic Traditionalist .
( Catholic Traditionalism is a relic of the bigger medieval relic , the Roman Catholic Church . )
Gramsci , who was imprisoned until near death in Mussolini ’s prisons , is known today for his PRISON NOTEBOOKS and THE MODERN PRINCE .
His focus there is not on ‘ de - Christianizing the West ’ as Buchanan alleges , but on Proletarian Hegemony .
In fact , I never used the word hegemony until I read Gramsci .
Gramsci is concerned about increasing the weight & influence of the working - class in society .
This is to be done by building a counter - hegemony to that of the Ruling Class .
Gramsci is concerned with independent institutions of the class , such as trade unions and cooperatives , eventually leading to workers councils .
THAT is the prelude to Revolution , not tossing verbal spitballs at Christianism and the Roman Church .
As to the Frankfurt School , Pat Buchanan grossly inflates its importance .
He sees it as a subterranean path for ‘ communizing ’ the West .
What the Frankfurt School really was is something quite different .
They were instead a dissident group of intellectuals alienated from both the Communists and the Social Democrats , who were the two main currents active in the European working - class and competing for their allegiance .
Thus the Frankfurt School became divorced from any actual working - class practice .
THAT was the reason for their turn to culture .
Their works became increasingly metaphysical in character , really removing themselves from Marxism per se .
They tried to reconcile Marx and Freud which ca n’t be done .
Read what Rosa Luxemburg , a real Marxist , had to say about ‘ human nature . ’
This would lead Herbert Marcuse of the Frankfurt School to end up being anti-working class and thus anti-Marxist .
These renegades are a pretty weak devil .
Is Obama , then , any kind of ‘ cultural Marxist ’ or radical .
Nope .
His school of thought is the Bill Clinton one of serving the Oligarchy .
Do that and they ’ll make you rich .
Bail out Wall Street and not Main Street .
What ’s radical or Marxist about that ?
A new book about the interpretation of the most terrifying verses in the Hebrew Bible .
When State Trooper Corporal H. M. “ Mickey ” McCann asked if it was true that Jews offered human sacrifices on holy days , the diminutive rabbi responded with a tongue - lashing that may have reminded McCann , a veteran of the Great War , of his drill sergeant .
Stuart Halpern
“ And shall I not care about Nineveh , that great city , in which there are more than one hundred and twenty thousand persons who do not yet know their right hand from their left , and many beasts as well ? ”
In honor of my new glasses , here 's a photoshopped pic that makes my head hurt .
