Biology of depression
Scientific studies have found that numerous brain areas show altered activity in patients suffering from depression , and this has encouraged advocates of various theories that seek to identify a biochemical origin of the disease , as opposed to theories that emphasize psychological or situational causes .
Among the theories of a biologically based cause of depression are those involving genetics and circadian rhythms , but the most prominent and widely researched is the monoamine hypothesis .
Source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biology_of_depression
Related posts
Quote : Originally Posted by wicked _beav Originally Posted by No it does n't ... says something about me not being a premium member and that 's it .
Here 's a sendspace link ( i just downloaded from first post and uploaded to sendspace cuz they tend to work better then rapidshare ) .
I have n't ( not sure I even will ?
haha ) tested this in anyway , just simply downloaded link from OP and re-upped .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Seven planets have been newly discovered outside our solar system by an international team that included an astrophysicist from Tel Aviv University , thanks to the French CoRoT space telescope , it was announced on Monday .
Prof. Tsvi Mazeh of TAU ’s Physics and Astronomy School was the only Israeli on the team that discovered the planets , which were detectable by the small black spots visible on the surfaces of their respective suns as the planets passed in front of them .
The CoRoT space telescope ( its name abbreviates convection , rotation and planetary transits ) was launched 1,265 days ago – on December 27 , 2006 – by the National Space Studies Center in France and CNRS French laboratories , along with several international partners in Europe , plus Israel and Brazil .
The spacecraft , belonging to the Proteus series , is equipped with a focal telescope 27 centimeters in diameter and a camera sensitive to tiny variations of the light intensity from stars .
Using a method called stellar seismology to probe the inner structure of the stars , it can also detect extrasolar planets by observing the periodic micro-eclipses occurring when these bodies transit in front of their parent star .
The telescope ’s observation periods last for five months at a time , making it possible to carry out this pioneer mission in the discovery of telluric extrasolar planets – bodies with properties comparable to those of the rocky planets of our solar system .
In the last two years , the CoRoT has been measuring with great exactitude the power of light from thousands of suns that seem to us to be distant stars in the night sky .
The international team operating the space telescope managed to detect slight reductions in the power of the light of a small number of suns , caused by their planets passing in front of them and creating tiny shadows .
The “ new ” planets join eight others that were previously discovered by the CoRoT team .
In each of the cases , observations from Earth were needed to complete the data and confirm that in fact planets had been indirectly observed , and to determine their size .
These observation points are in TAU ’s observatory in Mitzpe Ramon , in the Canary Islands , in Chile and in Hawaii .
Even though the suns and planets are so distant , the observationssucceeded in estimating their size , mass and density .
Six of the sevencould be defined as planets by their mass , while the seventh planet isslightly heavier and is described as a “ brown dwarf . ” Mazeh noted Monday that each planet was different .
“ Each planet is an additional piece of information for solving theriddle of the creation and development of planets , ” added Dr. MagaliDelcuil of Marseilles .
“ The more planets we discover , the better wewill be able to understand the processes involved .
” Among the newly discovered celestial bodies is CoRoT - 8 , the smallestplanet in the group .
The team believes its structure is similar toUranus and Neptune in our solar system , which are made of ice .
CoRoT - 10 b has an especially long orbit because it comes closer to andthen moves further from its sun .
As such , the amount of light and heatthat reaches it differs by a multiple of 10 .
CoRoT - 15 has a mass 60 times bigger than that of Jupiter , our largest planet .
Brown dwarfslike # 15 are rare , so they provide much information , said Mazeh .
Each newly discovered planet is a “ new world about which we had no ideabefore the CoRoT observations , ” the TAU scientist concluded .
“ We arelike Columbus , who sailed his ships beyond the horizon to worlds thatexcited the imagination .
But unlike Columbus , who found countries whosenature and weather were similar to what he left behind , in our case theplanets are so different and so distant .
Surprises beyond ourtelescopes can rise above our imaginations . ”
Photo : Lauren Klain Carton
Around the traditional moving days in every month — the first and the fifteenth , generally — the streets are awash with a plethora of sofas , armoires , floor lamps , coffee tables , bed frames , air conditioners , and other items that are perfectly acceptable in design and generally in pretty good condition .
A found treasure speaks of more than just one ’s thriftiness ; its presence in your house says that you and the city have a symbiotic relationship .
You are living off the fat of the land .
And the land in this city , particularly at this time of year , can be very fat indeed .
The items of furniture that I hold most dear are not my few designer splurges , but rather the unwanted items that I plucked off the streets and spirited upstairs and into my life .
Based on my experience , I decided that it would be possible to furnish and decorate a one - bedroom apartment in one day , armed only with my good friend Jake , a fourteen - foot U - Haul , and my finely honed instincts .
The best time to forage is the first weekend of any month , when most people move and are likely to cast out unwanted stuff .
I posted an ad on Craigslist , offering a few hours ’ rent for an empty one - bedroom to use as my blank canvas .
Tassanee Boonmongkol , a Boerum Hill resident and owner of the Thai restaurant Tuk Tuk , responded in a matter of minutes .
Then I reserved a rental truck ( no easy task , as it turned out ) .
There are a few important points to remember when shopping from the sidewalk .
“ Do I really want this item ?
Is it practical ?
Will it fit ? ” should be the guiding principles .
Once you have answered yes to all of these , take a moment to check that the object of interest is actually being tossed and that it ’s not infested with anything nasty .
A friend of mine was about to claim a beautiful armoire that had been left in her building ’s lobby when another resident informed her that the generous tenant had an infestation of parasites from the fifteen cats that lived with her .
In the absence of friendly neighbors , one has to rely on one ’s best judgment .
What passes as acceptable booty is a matter of taste or possibly upbringing .
At a minimum , upholstery should not be damp to the touch .
A cursory sniff test is also in order .
A musty odor ought not to be a deal - breaker on a great piece of furniture , especially as it can be remedied by a good airing and some Febreze .
Even an Eames lounge should be left alone if you detect the slightest note of urine .
A great piece of vintage furniture is sullied if you cringe every time you sit on it .
If you are truly committed to street furnishing , and open to paying for some aftercare , scope out a few reasonably priced electronics - repair shops , upholsterers , and wood refinishers prior to a scout ( lamps are easily and cheaply rewired , and a hardware store will be happy to help ) .
One can view street items as raw material to be fixed , manipulated , and reimagined if one has the commitment and foresight .
For this venture , I wanted to collect items that required the minimum of sprucing up .
Jake and I were making our way to a U - Haul depot deep in the Bronx at 6:45 on a Saturday morning armed with disinfectant wipes and paper towels .
( A good day ’s haul may involve rummaging through Dumpsters , so dress appropriately .
I also learned the hard way that a pair of heavy - duty gloves is really essential when picking through broken glass and rotted , splintered wood ) .
I reserved a fourteen - foot truck several days earlier , though I was only given a pickup location late on Friday .
The first of the month is always the busiest day , so advance reservations are crucial .
Considering the charge of $ 2.99 per mile , I could n’t help wondering if U - Haul ’s decision to have us pick up and drop off a full fifteen miles away from our prime mooching area was contrived .
Photo : Lauren Klain Carton
Apparently , a lot of Manhattanites had been told the same thing .
When we got to the pickup site , we found ourselves at the back of a very long line of lost - looking people :
That , plus traffic , meant we did n’t get on the road until close to 9:15 A.M .
The sky was beginning to look ominous and filled me with trepidation .
Most truck - rental chains charge not only by distance but also by the duration of the rental .
Stiff tariffs are accrued if one keeps a vehicle past a certain number of hours .
These financial factors dictated the territory we were going to cover , and to that end , I devised a looping route that took in the maximum number of neighborhoods : starting in the Bronx , heading down the east side of Manhattan into Brooklyn — where Boonmongkol and her empty apartment were located — and back up to drop off the truck .
I also factored in friends ’ reports of prime neighborhoods ( the Upper East Side , Gramercy Park , Park Slope ) and what I ’d witnessed myself .
I have since been told that a good haul is practically guaranteed in the Twenties and Thirties west of Ninth Avenue .
The Bronx proved fruitless , so we quickly headed for the Upper East Side , operating under the presumption that wealthy people toss better junk .
We started cruising at 106th Street and First Avenue and hit pay dirt eleven blocks later .
Seven moving trucks were lined up outside a humongous building on East 95th Street .
Teams of postcollegiate types ran back and forth barking orders at each other , trying to hasten their progress as big black clouds gathered .
We parked and turned off the engine .
With several moves going on simultaneously , I felt sure that we might benefit , not just from the sheer volume of discarded furnishings but also from pieces left on the street in the resulting confusion .
The items going in and out of the building seemed of good quality , if a little dorm - roomy .
As Jake and I waited to pounce , the heavens opened .
Inclement weather means two things when scavenging for home furnishings .
Rain dramatically reduces the competition from other hunter - gatherers , but it also ruins upholstery within moments .
Ideally , one ought to witness an upholstered item actually being placed on the street .
We had been sitting in the truck , watching the behemoth building eat and regurgitate Urban Outfitters home furnishings for a few minutes , when we suddenly saw a full - size box spring sail through the air and onto a pile of garbage .
Without words , we ran across the street to fetch it .
It looked like it was in great condition .
I surreptitiously gave the mattress a cursory sniff , though the wind and rain cut my inspection short .
We put it in the back of the truck , where I confirmed its good condition , and returned to our seats .
Thirty seconds later , a lone mover came out with a mattress .
He looked slightly confused about the disappearance of his first deposit , but a modicum of pride prevented me from leaping out to claim the mattress .
As soon as he was back inside , we grabbed it .
“ Hey ! ” the guy shouted as we tried to scurry away .
“ If you are taking stuff away , I have a bunch of other crap you might want . ”
We followed our new friend Eric into the basement of his building with some hesitation , but it turned out to be an Aladdin ’s cave of household items .
With his help , we picked up a bed frame to go with the box spring and mattress , plus a sofa , lamp , microwave , blender , toaster - oven , and a wireless router and modem .
Though nothing came directly from the seven - truck maelstrom itself , the building did afford us a major score .
The truck was half full when we hit the road again around 11:30 , heading south .
The weather worsened to a sustained downpour as we zigzagged , and we got as far as Murray Hill without adding to the truck .
Then , on Second Avenue between 27th and 28th Streets , Jake spied a grouping of bric - a - brac that included a Chinese - style coffee table and matching nightstand , some sturdy wooden folding chairs , a VCR , and a small television .
After we stopped , parked , and loaded these items into the truck , I noticed a scribbled sign on the door of the tenement building behind the pile that said FREE STUFF , NOTHING FANCY , 2ND FLOOR .
Upstairs , a half - dozen people were frantically picking through dishes , mirrors , electronics , and more of the Chinese furniture that we ’d seen outside .
Jake and I helped pick the apartment clean , even down to the trashy romance novels .
Photo : Lauren Klain Carton
We continued downtown , crisscrossing the East Village , where we saw a small bookshelf in a state of slight disrepair and an Ikea - style aluminum headboard for a full - size bed .
Briefly holding up Alphabet City traffic , we shoved them in the truck , which was beginning to groan under the weight of our scavenging .
A few blocks later , we passed a Dumpster brimming with promising - looking Ikea detritus .
With little thought to my personal safety or hygiene , I dived in , swimming through boxes stamped with words like vagö and ringsjön .
It quickly became apparent that the cardboard had fared better than the furniture , which was broken and rain - sodden .
We fruitlessly circled Nolita , Soho , and the Lower East Side until almost 3 P.M.
Jake , recognizing we were in danger of coming up short , suggested we expand our search to Brooklyn — a wise choice , particularly since that was our ultimate destination .
As we crossed the Brooklyn Bridge , the sky began to brighten , making Park Slope look every inch a sunny urban Utopia .
It also happened to be a free - for - all in terms of swag .
Fourth and Fifth Avenues and almost every street between them were choked with all manner of well - maintained refuse .
On Sackett Street between Fourth and Fifth Avenues , we came across a wicker hamper that contained a small framed black - and - white picture of a nondescript woman and a glass soap dish in the shape of a duck .
Farther down the block , a group of wholesome Brooklynites helped us load our truck with the end table , coffee table , bookshelf , and synthesizer keyboard they ’d planned to chuck .
Unfortunately , a rug that might have been a great addition was rain - soaked .
Around 5 P.M. , on Smith and Douglass , we found a beautiful olive - green leather chair and a large circular mirror , and a huge TV .
Although it ’s easy to appraise a table , desk , or set of folding chairs on the spot , electronics are a gamble .
We were lucky :
All seven of the pieces we picked up worked perfectly , which goes to show just how disposable appliances have become .
We arrived at Boonmongkol ’s at about 6 P.M. , our truck overflowing .
We hoisted the haul up a flight of stairs and into her 800 - square - foot one - bedroom — giving everything a good wipe - down with disinfectant before it crossed the threshold .
By 8 P.M. , we ’d arranged the décor to our satisfaction ( which mostly means the heaviest stuff was closest to the door ) .
As a reward for our hard work , Boonmongkol ordered a sumptuous feast from her restaurant .
With some fresh flowers and a few candles from the dollar store at the end of the block , our apartment had a very cozy , if slightly spare feel .
And considering the entire venture , from the truck rental and gas to lunch to the disinfectant materials , cost $ 402 , it was a day well spent .
Boonmongkol liked the collected ensemble so much that she asked if she could have it all .
Faced with the option of taking it all back to the source , we were happy to oblige .
Warning :
The video below has scenes of extreme animal cruelty .
You may prefer to read the description rather than watching the actual video .
CLEVELAND , May 26 — During a four - week investigation between April and May , Chicago - based non-profit Mercy For Animals ( MFA ) captured on hidden camera shocking scenes of severe animal abuse on a dairy farm .
According to MFA , the video was shot by an undercover investigator at the Conklin Dairy Farms in Plain City , Ohio .
During the investigation MFA ’s investigator documented farm workers :
Violently punching young calves in the face , body slamming them to the ground , and pulling and throwing them by their ears
Routinely using pitchforks to stab cows in the face , legs and stomach
Kicking “ downed ” cows ( those too injured to stand ) in the face and neck – abuse carried out and encouraged by the farm ’s owner
Maliciously beating restrained cows in the face with crowbars – some attacks involving over 40 blows to the head
Twisting cows ’ tails until the bones snapped
Punching cows ’ udders
Bragging about stabbing , dragging , shooting , breaking bones , and beating cows and calves to death
MFA has shared the video with the City Prosecutor ’s Office of Marysville and is pushing for employees of the facility to be criminally prosecuted for violating Ohio ’s animal cruelty laws .
MFA , which is dedicated to “ promoting nonviolence towards all sentient beings ” stated that “ the deplorable conditions uncovered at Conklin Dairy Farms highlight the reality that animal agriculture is incapable of self - regulation and that meaningful federal and state laws must be implemented and strengthened to prevent egregious cruelty to farmed animals . ”
That 's one leak which might have bemused those conservatives convinced that WikiLeaks was run by ultra-lefties .
In the blogosphere , meanwhile , conspiracy theories abound that WikiLeaks is a CIA cyber - ops plot .
Two years ago a Swiss bank in Zurich , Julius Baer , succeeded in temporarily closing down the website with a US District Court injunction after WikiLeaks published documents detailing how the bankers hid their wealthy clients ' funds in offshore trusts ( the banned documents reappeared on WikiLeaks '' mirror ' ' sites in places such as Belgium and Britain ) .
The Australian government , too , has made noises about going after the website , after the Australian Communications and Media Authority 's list of websites it may ban if the Rudd government goes ahead with its proposed internet censorship plan turned up on WikiLeaks last year .
To say that the list of rattled people in high places around the world is growing because of WikiLeaks is an understatement .
The fact that the website has no headquarters also means the conventional retaliatory measures - phones tapped , a raid by the authorities - are impossible .
Intense interest in Julian Assange began well before the Baghdad video was released , and viewed 4.8 million times by the end of its first week .
The former teenage hacker from Melbourne , whose mystique as an internet subversive , a resourceful loner with no fixed address , travelling constantly between countries with laptop and backpack , constitutes what you might call Assange 's romantic appeal .
But then there 's the flip side : a man who believes in extreme transparency , but evades and obfuscates when it comes to talking about himself in the rare interviews that he gives .
In the past , at least , these have hardly ever been face to face .
The secretiveness extends to those close to him .
One woman who speaks to me on the condition of total anonymity lived in the same share house in Melbourne as Assange for a few months in early 2007 , when WikiLeaks was in its incubation period .
The house was the hub , and it was inhabited by computer geeks .
There were beds everywhere , she says .
There was even a bed in the kitchen .
This woman slept on a mattress in Assange 's room , and says she would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night to find him still glued to his computer .
He frequently forget to eat or sleep , wrote mathematical formulas all over the walls and the doors , and used only red light bulbs in his room - on the basis that early man , if waking suddenly , would see only the gentle light of the campfire , and fall asleep again .
He also went through a period of frustration that the human body has to be fed several times a day and experimented with eating just one meal every two days , in order to be more efficient .
'' He was always extremely focused , '' she says .
Well before meeting Assange , I 'd thought how much he seemed like a character from Stieg Larsson 's trilogy of blockbuster novels .
One of Larsson 's brilliant computer geniuses , taking on the world 's wicked and powerful .
Or a more youthful Mikael Blomkvist , with an Australian accent .
Larsson died six years ago .
But could the Swedish crime writer and Assange have met ?
Assange first visited Sweden in the 1990s - and WikiLeaks is hosted on a main server in Sweden , where the identities of confidential sources are protected by law .
This does n't prove anything , of course - and WikiLeaks only moved its main server to Sweden two years ago , after the Julius Baer Bank tried to close down the website .
Even so , I email Eva Gabrielsson , Larsson 's widow , to ask if the two of them ever met Assange - explaining that he helped research a remarkable 1997 book , Underground , about the exploits of an extraordinary group of young Melbourne hackers , written by the Melbourne academic Suelette Dreyfus .
The hackers all had monikers in the book : Assange is said to be the character Mendax .
Assange convinced Dreyfus to release the book online , and according to one source I spoke to , there was great interest in the book in Sweden - and in China .
'' About Julian Assange - well , why do n't you ask him ? ''
Gabrielsson emails back .
It is n't the most urgent question I have for Assange , who I meet in early May , the day after he slips back into Melbourne , his home town .
He arrived on a flight from Europe , via the US .
Or so I understand from the person acting as our inbetween .
The same contact provides a Melbourne address , and instructions .
'' Do n't call a cab , find one on the street ; turn off your mobile phone before you catch the cab and preferably , remove the batteries . ''
And here he is - a tall , thin , pale figure with that remarkable white hair , looking very tired , and wearing creased , student - style dark clothes and boots , and backpack .
As we shake hands , he inclines his head slightly in a courtly , old world manner , at odds with his youthful , student - traveller looks .
When I remark that there 's a lot to ask him , he replies , '' That 's all right - I 'm not going to answer half of it . ''
Is Assange his real name ?
Yes , he replies , then says it 's the name in his passport .
'' What 's in a name ? '' he then adds mysteriously , casting doubt on his first answer .
At the time of writing , his passport status was apparently back to normal after immigration officials at Melbourne Airport said that his passport was going to be cancelled on the grounds that it was too tatty .
It has been in a couple of rivers , Assange allows of the state of his passport .
The first time , as he recalls , in December 2006 , when he was crossing a swollen river during heavy rain in southern Tasmania , and was swept out to sea .
He swam back in .
'' My conclusion from that experience is that the universe does n't give a damn about you , so it 's a good thing you do . ''
Why did he have his passport with him ?
He had everything he needed for three weeks of survival , he replies .
He needed his passport for ID when he flew to Tasmania .
Does n't he have a driver 's licence ?
'' No comment . ''
How true is the image of him as the enigmatic founder of WikiLeaks , constantly on the move , with no real place to call home ?
Is this really how he lives his life ?
'' Do I live my life as an enigmatic man ? ' '
No - is it true you 're constantly on the move ?
'' Pretty much true . ''
Does he have one base he 'd call home ?
'' I have four bases where I would go if I was sick , which is how I think about where home is . ''
He has spent the best part of the past six months in Iceland , he says .
And the next six months ?
'' It depends on which area of the world I 'm needed most .
We 're an international organisation .
We deal with international problems , '' he replies .
Assange mentions four bases , but names only two .
The one in Iceland and another in Kenya , where he has spent a lot of time , on and off , in the past couple of years .
The Kroll report , released on WikiLeaks , reportedly swung the Kenyan presidential election in 2007 .
When he's in the country , Assange lives in a compound in Nairobi with other foreigners , mainly members of NGOs such as Medecins Sans Frontieres .
He originally went to Kenya in 2007 to give a lecture on WikiLeaks , when it was up and running .
'' And ended up staying there , '' I suggest encouragingly . '' Mmmm . ''
As a result of liking the place or … '' Well , it has got extraordinary opportunities for reforms .
It had a revolution in the 1970s .
It has only been a democracy since 2004 … I was introduced to senior people in journalism , in human rights very quickly . ''
He has travelled to Siberia .
Is there a third base there ?
'' No comment .
I wish .
The bear steak is good . ''
Why did he go to Georgia ?
'' How do you know about that ? ''
I read it somewhere , I reply .
It was a rumour .
'' Ah , a rumour , '' he says .
But he did go there ?
'' It 's better that I do n't comment on that , because Georgia is not such a big place . ''
Living permanently in a state of exile , which can become addictive , means that you always have the sharp eye of the outsider , I suggest .
'' The sense of perspective that interaction with multiple cultures gives you I find to be extremely valuable , because it allows you to see the structure of a country with greater clarity , and gives you a sense of mental independence , '' Assange replies .
" You 're not swept up in the trivialities of a nation .
You can concentrate on the serious matters .
Australia is a bit of a political wasteland .
That 's OK , as long as people recognise that .
As long as people recognise that Australia is a suburb of a country called Anglo - Saxon . ''
Could he ever live in one place again ?
A brief silence .
'' I do n't think so , '' he says finally .
'' I do n't see myself as a computer guru , '' he remarks at one point .
'' I live a broad intellectual life .
I 'm good at a lot of things , except for spelling . ''
At one point , thinking about some of the material leaked on WikiLeaks , I ask Assange how he defines national security .
'' We do n't , '' he says crisply .
" We 're not interested in that .
We 're interested in justice .
We are a supranational organisation .
So we 're not interested in national security . ''
How does he justify keeping his own life as private as possible , considering that he believes in extreme transparency ?
'' I do n't justify it , '' he says , with just a hint of mischievousness .
'' No one has sent us any official documents that were not published previously on me .
Should they do so , and they meet our editorial criteria , we will publish them . ''
Assange is n't paid a salary by WikiLeaks .
He has investments , which he wo n't discuss .
But during the 1990s he worked in computer security in Australia and overseas , devised software programmes - in 1997 he co-invented '' Rubberhose deniable encryption ' ' , which he describes as a cryptographic system made for human rights workers wanting to protect sensitive data in the field - and also became a key figure in the free software movement .
The whole point of free software , he comments , is to '' liberate it in all senses ' ' .
He adds : '' It ' s part of the intellectual heritage of man .
True intellectual heritage can't be bound up in intellectual property . ''
Did being arrested , and later on finding himself in a courtroom , push him into a completely different reality that he had never thought about - and eventually in a direction that eventually saw him start thinking along the lines of a website like WikiLeaks , that would take on the world ?
'' That [ experience ] showed me how the justice system and bureaucracy worked , and did not work ; what its abilities were and what its limitations were , '' he replies .
'' And justice was n't something that came out of the justice system .
Justice was something that you bring to the justice system .
And if you 're lucky , or skilled , and you 're in a country that is n't too corrupt , you can do that . ''
In another life , Assange might have been a mathematician .
He spent four years studying maths , mostly at Melbourne University - with stints at the Australian National University in Canberra - but never graduated , disenchanted , he says , with how many of his fellow students were conducting research for the US defence system .
'' There are key cases which are just really f--- ing obnoxious , '' he says .
According to Assange , the US Defence Advance Research Project Agency was funding research which involved optimising the efficiency of a military bulldozer called the Grizzly Plough , which was used in the Iraqi desert during Operation Desert Storm during the 1991 Gulf War .
'' It has a problem in that it gets damaged [ from ] the sand rolling up in front .
The application of this bulldozer is to move at 60 kilometres an hour , sweeping barbed wire and so on before it , and get the sand and put it in the trenches where the [ Iraqi ] troops are , and bury them all alive and then roll over the top .
So that 's what Melbourne University 's applied maths department was doing - studying how to improve the efficiency of the Grizzly Plough . ''
Assange says he did a lot of soul - searching before he finally quit his studies in 2007 .
He had already started working with other people on a model of WikiLeaks by early 2006 .
There were people at the physics conference , he goes on , who were career physicists , '' and there was just something about their attire , and the way they moved their bodies , and of course the bags on their backs did n't help much either .
I could n't respect them as men ' ' .
His university experience did n't define his cynicism , though .
Assange says that he 's extremely cynical anyway .
'' I painted every corner , floor , wall and ceiling in the ' room ' I was in , black , until there was only one corner left .
I mean intellectually , '' he adds .
'' To me , it was the forced move [ in chess ] , when you have to do something or you 'll lose the game . ''
So WikiLeaks was his forced move ?
'' That 's the way it feels to me , yes .
There were no other options left to me on the table . ''
WikiLeaks , he says , has released more classified documents than the rest of the world press combined .
'' That 's not something I say as a way of saying how successful we are - rather , that shows you the parlous state of the rest of the media .
How is it that a team of five people has managed to release to the public more suppressed information , at that level , than the rest of the world press combined ?
It 's disgraceful . ''
Where does Assange see WikiLeaks in 10 years ?
" It 's not what I want the world to be .
It 's what I want the rest of the world to be , " he replies .
He would like to see all media develop their own forms of WikiLeaks .
That would put his own website out of business , I point out .
'' We have a proposal to [ an American foundation ] for a grant to just that , '' he replies , explaining that WikiLeaks could create systems for all media organisations .
Loading A thought : has he ever met Rupert Murdoch ? '' No . ''
Nor has he met Stieg Larsson , Assange tells me .
Sergei Gaiduchenko traded to CSKA Moscow ( Photo © khl.ru )
Florida Panthers ’ prospect Sergei Gaiduchenko has been traded to CSKA Moscow prior the 2010 KHL Entry Draft in exchange of a first round pick .
Gaiduchenko , 21 , spent the last year with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl , playing 20 regular season games as back up of Georgi Gelashvili .
His contract run out on Aprl 30st and was n’t renewed by Lokomotiv , thus making him a RFA .
As he ’s going to join CSKA , most likely he wo n’t transfer to the Panthers this summer .
Read also :
– Sergei Gaiduchenko : “ You ca n’t judge me by one game only ”
– Sergei Gaiduchenko : I have a chance to move on as Florida drafted me
Clicky to make it bigger on the outside .
But yes , that is the eleven incarnations of The Doctor in owly form from pu-sama on DeviantArt .
Apparently it 's becoming quite a thing .
Here 's one of the Fourth Doctor and Sarah Jane by thecosmicdancer .
By the way , regarding Doctor Who spoilers , that it , I 'm not running any more .
There are plenty about , you can ignore them if you try .
But you may find an accidental one in this review of Cold Blood a few weeks ago …
Micronesia is an established state occupying a territory of 702 sq. km which cover about 600 big and thousands of small islands .
The name Micronesia derives from the Greek mikros , meaning small , and nesos , meaning island and the region is ideal for spending the vocations .
There are many renowned places nearby like Melanesia , Polynesia , Cook Island , Philippines and Indonesia .
Fore more info visit Wikipedia .
Japanese prime minister resigns after just nine months
By Peter Symonds
3 June 2010
Under mounting pressure from within the ruling Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) , Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama announced yesterday that he and DPJ secretary general Ichiro Ozawa would resign their positions .
The resignations follow a disastrous slump in the government ’s poll ratings ahead of upper house elections expected on July 11 .
Hatoyama came to office just nine months ago after the Democrats won national elections , defeating the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , which had ruled virtually continuously for more than 50 years .
The DPJ capitalised on widespread disaffection with the LDP over its support for US militarism , including the war in Afghanistan , as well as growing economic uncertainty and rising social tensions in Japan itself .
The immediate trigger for Hatoyama ’s resignation was public outrage over his government ’s reversal of an election promise to move the Futenma Marine Corps airbase out of Okinawa .
Hatoyama had promised to renegotiate a 2006 deal with the US to relocate the base within Okinawa .
But he backed down two weeks ago in the face of Washington ’s intransigence and agreed to move the base to the north side of the island .
The presence of the US military is deeply unpopular on Okinawa , which houses half of the 44,000 American military personnel in Japan .
In late April , a mass rally of 90,000 demanded that the Hatoyama government abide by its election promise .
A series of protests has followed against the US bases .
Hatoyama ’s backdown on the Okinawa base also undermined his broader election promise to refashion Japanese foreign policy , by establishing an “ equal partnership ” with Washington and improving relations with China and South Korea .
By giving in on Okinawa , the government demonstrated that , like the LDP , it is unwilling to do anything to jeopardise the longstanding US - Japan alliance .
Public hostility to the US bases in Okinawa is part of broader opposition to Japan ’s involvement in the US - led wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and more generally to militarism .
LDP Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi , who committed Japanese troops to Iraq , was forced to pull them out amid widespread anger over the war .
Hatoyama kept his election promise to end the unpopular Japanese naval refuelling mission in support of the Afghan occupation , but only with a nod of approval by the US and promises to boost other forms of aid to Afghanistan .
Hatoyama attempted to justify his decision to keep the US base on Okinawa by pointing to rising tensions on the Korean peninsula over the sinking of a South Korean warship .
But support for the government plunged to just 17 percent , according to a poll for the Asahi Shimbum newspaper last weekend .
Only 27 percent approved the government ’s decision on the Okinawa base while 57 percent disapproved .
After winning the election last August , the government ’s ratings in September were around 70 percent .
The government was dealt a further blow when the Social Democratic Party pulled out of the ruling coalition last weekend after Hatoyama dismissed its leader Mizuho Fukushima as a minister for refusing to accept the agreement on Okinawa .
While the DPJ has an outright majority in the lower house of the Japanese Diet , it could lose control of the upper house after elections next month , making the passage of the budget and legislation difficult .
Hatoyama ’s resignation came after a series of meetings early this week with DPJ secretary general Ozawa and upper house leader Azuma Koshiishi .
A Yomuiri Shimbun survey of the party ’s 54 upper house legislators facing reelection found that nine wanted Hatoyama to step down and only seven explicitly supported his continuation as prime minister .
The precipitous collapse in support for the DPJ over the past nine months underscores the tentative character of its election win in the first place .
Taking a cue from Barack Obama ’s campaign , Hatoyama exploited the overwhelming hostility to the LDP with vague promises of “ change ” .
Amid growing public concerns over the social divide between rich and poor , he made limited pledges to provide child allowances , axe road tolls , change the labour laws to protect workers , assist farmers and provide free school education .
At the same time , Hatoyama promised big business that his government would rein in the budget deficit and Japan ’s huge levels of public debt .
Voters , who supported the Democrats as a means of getting rid of the LDP , rapidly became disillusioned by the government ’s failure to address the country ’s worsening social crisis .
Despite rising exports and a return to positive growth in the first quarter of 2010 , the official unemployment figure was 5.1 percent in April , up from 5.0 percent in March .
Disaffection is particularly strong among young people , many of whom are either unemployed or condemned to part - time or temporary low - paid work .
The sovereign debt crisis in Greece and Europe has put a spotlight on Japan ’s high levels of public debt , which currently stands at 180 percent of GDP and , according to the OECD , could hit 205 percent next year .
The OECD warned last week that Japan must develop a “ credible and detailed medium term fiscal consolidation program , including tax reform ” to reduce the mountain of public debt .
Government stimulus packages over the past three years have widened the budget deficit from 3 percent of GDP in 2007 to 9 percent .
All eyes are on Finance Minister Naoto Kan , who is expected to take over as party leader and prime minister when the DPJ meets tomorrow .
While he backed stimulus measures when the government first took office , Kan has increasingly advocated financial discipline and called for measures to cut the debt .
Early last month , he told the media : “ We have no excuse to increase debt .
That ’s why we need to consider tax reforms to secure funds . ”
The oblique reference to “ tax reform ” is a hint that Kan may increase the country ’s deeply unpopular 5 percent sales tax to shore up public finances .
During the election campaign , Hatoyama declared that he would not raise the tax , insisting that the Democrats would cut public spending by eliminating government waste and corruption .
Not only would any increase in the sales tax provoke opposition among working people , it might also be counterproductive .
A decline in domestic spending would only compound the problems of deflation affecting the economy .
A change of DPJ leadership might provide an immediate boost to the party ’s fortunes in next month ’s elections , but will do nothing to change its prospects in the longer term .
The Japanese government , like its counterparts in Europe and internationally , is being driven by the worsening global economic crisis to impose new burdens on working people and will inevitably confront intense opposition , particularly from the working class .
Already the majority of the population is deeply alienated not just from the government , but the entire political establishment .
While last weekend ’s Asahi Shimbun poll showed the Hatoyama government at 17 percent , support for the LDP opposition was even lower at just 15 percent .
On voting in the upper house election , the two parties were tied at 20 percent , with 41 percent of respondents undecided .
With no avenue to express itself through official channels , political opposition is likely to take new and potentially explosive forms .
We all know how crazy Brazilians are about their soccer .
The English invented it , but Brazil perfect it , right ?
So how do you get a fan of Team Brazil do take his eyes off the pitch ?
Looks to me like all you need is a succulent slice of booty .
Image source : India on Rent
Hmm …well based on the picture above , I ’m now very intrigued to find out what the pasty gentlemen below are so enthralled by .
Image source : TheHealthies.com
Oh , well that makes sense .
I think I might forget about my sandwich too .
Image source : FootballForums.com
See guys ?
Sometimes it pays off to scroll down .
The good stuff is n’t always above the fold .
Saudis can help fix BP oil leak : former Aramco engineer
As BP continues to pour resources to contain the undersea oil well leak in the Gulf of Mexico , paying hundreds of boats in the area trying to keep the oil from reaching the US shoreline , there have been demands by politicians , media , environmentalists and ordinary citizens for more effective measures .
The latest suggestion comes from Nick Pozzi , a former pipeline engineering and operations manager for Saudi Aramco , is seek help from Saudi Arabia .
Pozzi says the oil - rich nation contained a similar oil leak in the Persian Gulf in 1993 using super tankers , after an accident spilled millions of litres of crude oil .
The former Aramco engineer says he was on the team that developed a plan to remove the crude using Saudi - owned super tankers , which he says have the ability to suck or discharge , " so they can pump or suck . "
" What we could [ what amounts of oil we could extract ] we ran through a centrifuge to separate the oil from the water .
We put the water back in the Gulf , because we want to get the oil out first , get it out of the water . "
Pozzi says the operation cleaned up 85 per cent of the total oil spilled .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 561 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Leonid Faerberg - Transport Photo Images Airline Russia - Air Force Version Sukhoi Su - 47 Berkut ( S - 37 ) Generic Type Sukhoi Su - 47 Berkut ( S - 37 ) Basic Type Sukhoi Su - 47 Berkut ( S - 37 ) Manufacturer Sukhoi Reg. 01 blue Location Ramenskoye ( Zhukovsky ) Country Russia Date Photographed August 22 , 2001 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 281,330
Photo Added : October 17 , 2001
Photo Copyright © Leonid Faerberg - Transport Photo Images .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
[ Updated 06/11/10 , see below ]
Dr. Raymond Soneira runs DisplayMate Technologies , which makes software to test display quality .
He has a PhD in Theoretical Physics from Princeton University , and was a Long - Term Member of the Einstein Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton .
( Read Dr. Soneira 's Bio . )
He also knows more about digital displays than just about anyone I know - and I know some pretty tech - savvy folks .
This morning , Dr. Soneira shot me an interesting email regarding the so - called " Retina Display " of the iPhone 4 .
To clarify : a retina display is one whose resolution meets or exceeds the maximum resolution the human retina is capable of resolving , assuming perfect vision .
This is a bit tricky , since the eye does n't have " pixels " and the resolution required to match the human eye 's capability depends on the distance from your eye to the display .
If you sit four feet away from a 50 " 1080 p television , you 'll see pixels .
If you sit 100 feet away , you wo n't .
The distance between any two visual elements is a matter of how many pixels per " arc degree " of vision it covers .
Dr. Soniera 's email , in full and unedited , is as follows .
...
The iPhone 4 has an outstanding display ... and I 'm glad that Apple resisted the emotional rush to OLEDs because they still need lots of improvement before they will be ready to compete with the highly refined IPS LCDs .
The iPhone 4 display should be comparable to the outstanding IPS LCD in the Motorola Droid , which I tested and compared to the Nexus One OLED , which was trounced by the Droid .
Steve Jobs claimed that the iPhone 4 has a resolution higher than the retina - that 's not right :
1 . The resolution of the retina is in angular measure - it 's 50 Cycles Per Degree .
A cycle is a line pair , which is two pixels , so the angular resolution of the eye is 0.6 arc minutes per pixel .
2 . So if you hold an iPhone at the typical 12 inches from your eyes , that works out to 477 pixels per inch .
At 8 inches it 's 716 ppi .
You have to hold it out 18 inches before it falls to 318 ppi .
So the iPhone has significantly lower resolution than the retina .
It actually needs a resolution significantly higher than the retina in order to deliver an image that appears perfect to the retina .
It 's a great display , most likely the best mobile display in production ( and I ca n't wait to test it ) but this is another example of spec exaggeration .
...
So there you have it - some math from a display expert showing that , while the iPhone 4's display is certainly exciting and probably represents a step forward for smartphones , it may fall short of Apple 's claims of meeting or exceeding the resolution of the human retina .
Update 06/11/10 : Dr. Soneira sent us some additional information , clarifying some of the misconceptions flowing around in comments and on other sites .
He wishes to stress that his comments do not mean that he thinks the iPhone 4 display ( or the phone itself ) is bad .
On the contrary , he thinks the display seems like a significant step forward .
Dr. Soneira 's comments are only regarding the claim Steve Jobs made of 300 pixels per inch being all that the retina can distinguish at a distance of " 10 to 12 inches . "
Dr. Soneira 's update is as follows
...
The iPhone 4 is actually very far from a retina display .
It 's a substantial discrepancy and not even close :
At 12 inches the 1 dimensional linear difference is 326/477 = 68 percent .
But the pixel ( area ) density for two dimensions , which is the actual relevant observable , is that value squared = 0.47 , so the iPhone 4 is more than a factor of two from being a retina display at the typical 12 inch viewing distance .
Stated another way :
The iPhone display would need to have 1.3 megapixels instead of 0.6 megapixels to be a retina display .
There have been some comments that my analysis is for perfect vision .
Jobs ' statement is for the * retina * not the * eye* with a poor lens .
If you allow poor vision to enter into the specs then any display becomes a retina display .
That turns it into a meaningless concept that will be exploited by everyone .
The iPhone 3GS is a retina display too for good percentage of the population .
Specs need to be objective , precise and accurate .
Allowing puffery and exaggerations in the sales and marketing starts a snowballing effect that eventually leads to the 1000 % rampant spec abuse that I document for many other displays .
...
Be sure to check out our other coverage of cell phones .
Follow Jason Cross on Twitter .
Quando vidi su internet il modello Toyota Hilux 4x4 della Tamiya anni ' 80 , rimasi affascinato all 'idea di avere un modello con ponti , balestre , cambio e telaio a longheroni in grado di replicare i veri 4x4 .
La prima realizzazione di questo tipo fu il Suzuki Sj410 .
Dopo questo progetto , poco soddisfacente sia in meccanica che in realismo e prestazioni , era giunto il momento di realizzare il mio vero sogno .
Non avevo in mente quale modello realizzare , quando vidi per caso una Uaz 469B su internet e quella fu la mia scelta definitiva .
Ho cercato di realizzarla più simile possibile alla vera e le caratteristiche principali sono :
Le porte sono apribili tramite maniglia - Gli specchietti sono richiudibili o smontabili - I parasole sono movibili La sponda del cassone posteriore si apre tramite maniglia dopo aver aperto il supporto ruota di scorta
Il cofano si apre - Le luci del cruscotto si accendono - Le frecce d'emergenza lampeggiano con un relé
Le luci di posizione , gli anabbaglianti e gli stop sono funzionanti come il faro della retro e la luce della targa
Il parabrezza anteriore può essere abbattuto -
Le mezze porte superiori degli sportelli possono essere rimosse
Il telaio ricalca similmente quello vero -
Il cambio a tre velocità è situato nella parte anteriore accessibile dal cofano .
A funny thing happened on the way to the green economy .
Real - life market forces have a way of foiling the best - laid plans of mice , men , and government incentives .
When petroleum diesel was 4 bucks a gallon a couple of years ago , biodiesel seemed like such a deal .
But then , says Derrin Leppek , of Detroit - based biodiesel catalyst developer NextCAT , “ the price of petroleum diesel dropped , biodiesel was no longer competitive , and soybean prices went through the roof . ”
So , says Leppek , 80 percent of the biodiesel producers in the United States sit idle .
Government regulations and environmental concerns may be increasing demand for biodiesel , but market realities are holding them back .
That ’s where NextCAT comes in with what it says is a solution to the problem .
Its technology can take biomass that ’s less expensive than food feedstocks — like soybeans , corn , or sunflower — and convert nonfood feedstocks like algae and recycled cooking oil into fuel .
NextCAT , which is located at the TechTown business incubator in Detroit , signed an option agreement to produce technology developed at the National Biofuels Energy Laboratory at Wayne State University in Detroit .
The company also recently received $ 50,000 from the Michigan Microloan Fund and another $ 50,000 from the First Step Fund , newly created by the New Economy Initiative , a Detroit - based philanthropic partnership .
That $ 100,000 will take the company a long way — far enough to conduct its first pilot plant test sometime in the next 90 days .
Leppek is a technology commercialization fellow at Wayne State on loan full - time to NextCAT .
The university pays his salary .
Founder Charles Salley and other executives are working without compensation .
Leppek says the company has “ also received indications ” that it will receive a Small Business Innovation Rearch Grant from the National Science Foundation as early as July .
“ But what we ’re looking for in the next nine to 10 months is a half - million in funding , ” Leppek says .
“ And that will get us through pilot and scale testing and enable us to enter the market . ”
Without getting too technical about types of feedstocks , their prices , levels of free fatty acids , the process of transesterification , and other fun stuff of interest to specialists in the field — you can read about the technology here and see a technical paper here —
NextCAT , in a nutshell , believes it has a better , cheaper , more - efficient way of sparking the entire process .
Simon Ng , NextCAT ’S CTO and interim associate dean of research at Wayne State ’s College of Engineering , has helped to uncover a new class of catalysts that have the ability to convert a wide range of oil feedstocks to biodiesel while , at the same time , simplifying the biodiesel production process .
Turning inexpensive waste grease oil and animal fats into suitable feedstocks for biodiesel production .
should enable a restart of the 140 ( out of a total of 173 ) biodiesel producers currently idled by high feedstock costs , according to NextCAT .
The company says that by opening the door to these less expensive feedstocks , NextCAT ’s catalysts will save biodiesel producers at least $ 1 per gallon .
The global biodiesel market was 4 billion gallons in 2009 and , largely due to government mandates , is projected to grow at 10 percent anually over the next five years , according to figures supplied by NextCAT .
NextCAT plans to enter the U.S. market first to retrofit existing idle plants as demand increases because of government mandates .
Federal regulations require 1 billion gallons of biodiesel in fuel blends by 2012 .
The company projects revenue of $ 18 million in 2014 , assuming a usage fee of $ 0.125 per gallon of biodiesel produced .
For a plant that produces 10 million gallons per year , the company says , that equals $ 1.25 million a year .
Catalysts last about a year , so revenues are recurring .
It ’s a good time to go to market , then , says Leppek .
The next 90 days will see pilot testing at a European catalyst manufacturer and , he is quick to add , “ we ’ll also perform one in Michigan as well . ”
And that , NextCAT believes , is how innovation can solve problems associated with the conflict between government plans and market realities .
Trending on Xconomy
Each product we feature has been independently selected and reviewed by our editorial team .
If you make a purchase using the links included , we may earn commission .
Natural disasters — a flood , hurricane , blizzard — often come with little or no warning .
Stocking up now on the right non-perishable food items will help you weather the storm ( or global pandemic ) with less stress .
These Are the Best Foods to Stockpile for an Emergency
Fueling your body during an emergency is very different from your everyday diet .
( Think of how an emergency fund functions differently than a savings account . )
Because you ’ll probably expend more energy than you normally would during your emergency plan , you should eat high - energy , high - protein foods .
If the emergency is disease - related ( as in the coronavirus pandemic of 2020 ) , it is especially important to eat nutritious foods that will help you maintain good health .
And because you ’ll have a limited supply in your emergency preparedness kit , the higher - quality foods you eat — and the fewer of them — the better .
“ In a disaster or an emergency you want those calories , ” says Barry Swanson , a food scientist at Washington State University .
“ You want some nutrients and some fiber — something to keep your diet normal . ”
“ In an emergency , generally you tend to think of meeting more basic needs than preferences and flavors , ” says Elizabeth Andress , professor and food safety specialist at the University of Georgia .
“ But if you plan right , you can have a great variety of foods and nutrients . ”
Here , Andress and Swanson weigh in on what items — perishable and non-perishable — you should include .
Image zoom Getty Images
Getty Images
What to Always Keep in Your Pantry
These non-perishable food items ( or close to it ) have lengthy expiration dates , so you can stash them away for long periods of time , even if it ’s not hurricane season or tornado season .
Make a list of everything in your stockpile and check expiration dates every 6 to 12 months to keep things fresh .
And do n’t forget to have a can opener on hand at all times — all that food wo n’t be of any use if you ca n’t open it .
Peanut butter
A great source of energy , peanut butter is chock - full of healthful fats and protein .
Unless the jar indicates otherwise , you do n’t have to refrigerate after opening .
To get the most bang for your peanut butter buck , purchase a two - pack of Jif Natural Creamy Peanut Butter , which comes in 80 - ounce jars .
The natural , no - stir , low - sodium , gluten - free peanut butter is ideal for groups with different needs , and at just 12 cents an ounce , it ’s an affordable choice , too .
To buy : $ 10 for a two - pack ; walmart.com .
Whole - wheat crackers
Crackers are a good replacement for bread and make a fine substitute when making sandwiches .
Due to their higher fat content , whole - wheat or whole - grain crackers have a shorter shelf life than their plain counterparts ( check the box for expiration dates ) , but the extra fiber pays off when you ’re particularly hungry .
Consider vacuum - packing your crackers to prolong their freshness .
For added value , purchase a family - sized pack of 100 percent whole grain Wheat Thins .
The toasted crackers give a bit more of a healthful kick and are made without high - fructose corn syrup as well .
To buy : $ 4 ; target.com .
Nuts and trail mixes
Stock up on these high - energy foods — they ’re healthful and convenient for snacking during a hurricane , tornado , or other emergency .
Look for vacuum - packed containers , which prevent the nuts from oxidizing and losing their freshness .
Cereal
Choose multigrain cereals that are individually packaged so they do n’t become stale after opening .
Granola bars and power bars
Healthy and filling , these portable snacks usually stay fresh for at least six months .
Plus , they ’re an excellent source of carbohydrates .
“ You can get more energy from carbohydrates without [ eating ] tons of food , ” says Andress .
Nature Valley ’s Family Pack will provide you with a full 30 individually - wrapped bars in both peanut butter and oats ’n honey flavors .
And with 16 grams of whole grain per serving , these bars will be more than enough to keep people full .
To buy : $ 6 ; walmart.com .
Dried fruits , such as apricots and raisins
In the absence of fresh fruit , these healthy snacks offer potassium and dietary fiber .
“ Dried fruits provide you with a significant amount of nutrients and calories , ” says Swanson .
Canned tuna , salmon , chicken , or turkey
Generally lasting at least two years in the pantry , canned meats provide essential protein .
Vacuum - packed pouches have a shorter shelf life but will last at least six months , says Diane Van , manager of the USDA meat and poultry hotline .
Moreover , vacuum sealed packs may come in handy if you do n’t have a can opener .
Canned vegetables , such as green beans , carrots , and peas
When the real deal is n’t an option , canned varieties can provide you with essential nutrients , making these a great hurricane food or natural disaster option .
To pack in as many of those healthy vitamins and minerals as possible , order a case of mixed vegetable cans .
Canned soups and chili
Soups and chili can be eaten straight out of the can and provide a variety of nutrients .
Look for low - sodium options .
Dry pasta and pasta sauces
It might be a carb - heavy , gluten - full food , but pasta is filling , and dry pasta and jarred sauce can last on pantry shelves for months .
If someone in your household has dietary restrictions , look for gluten - free pasta or pasta made from chickpeas ( or another alternative ) .
Bottled water
Try to stock at least a three - day supply — you need at least one gallon per person per day .
“ A normally active person should drink at least a half gallon of water each day , ” Andress says .
“ The other half gallon is for adding to food and washing . ”
To ensure everyone stays hydrated , purchase a case of water that comes with essential minerals added to it .
Essentia ’s bottled water comes with added electrolytes to aid in hydration and improve taste .
To buy : $ 30 for twelve 1.5 - liter bottles ; walmart.com .
Sports drinks , such as Gatorade or Powerade
The electrolytes and carbohydrates in these drinks will help you rehydrate and replenish fluid when water is scarce .
Just make sure your sports drink of choice does n’t come with too many additives , such as sugar or artificial sweeteners .
Powdered milk
Almost all dairy products require refrigeration , so stock this substitute for an excellent source of calcium and vitamin D when fresh milk is n’t an option .
Sugar , salt , and pepper
If you have access to a propane or charcoal stove , you may be doing some cooking .
A basic supply of seasonings and sweeteners will improve the flavor of your food , both fresh and packaged .
Multivitamins
Supplements will help replace the nutrients you would have consumed on a normal diet .
But vitamins do n’t have to be boring .
Instead , go for delicious fruity gummies that come with a complete day ’s worth of vitamins ; some even contain omega 3s and folate for complete coverage .
What to Buy Right Before an Emergency
If you ’ve been given ample warning that a storm is coming , there ’s still time to run to the market and pick up more hurricane food : fresh produce and other items that have shorter shelf lives .
Most of these foods will last at least a week after they ’ve been purchased and will give you a fresh alternative to all that packaged food .
Make sure to swing by your local farmers ’ market if it ’s open ; because the produce there is fresher than what you ’ll find at your typical supermarket , you ’ll add a few days to the life span of your fruits and vegetables .
Apples
Apples last up to three months when stored in a cool , dry area away from more perishable fruits ( like bananas ) , which could cause them to ripen more quickly .
Citrus fruits , such as oranges and grapefruits
Because of their high acid content and sturdy skins , citrus fruits can last for up to two weeks without refrigeration , particularly if you buy them when they ’re not fully ripe .
Oranges and grapefruits contain lots of vitamin C and will keep you hydrated .
Avocados
If you buy an unripe , firm avocado , it will last outside the refrigerator for at least a week .
Tomatoes
If you buy them unripe , tomatoes will last several days at room temperature .
Potatoes , sweet potatoes , and yams
If you have access to a working stove , these root vegetables are good keepers and make tasty side dishes .
Stored in a cool , dark area , potatoes will last about a month .
Cucumbers and summer squash
These vegetables will last a few days outside of refrigeration and can be eaten raw .
Winter squash
While most are inedible uncooked , winter squashes , such as acorn squash , will keep for a few months .
If you ’ll be able to cook during the emergency , stockpile a bunch .
Hard , packaged sausages , such as sopressata and pepperoni
You ca n’t eat canned tuna and chicken forever .
Try stocking up on a few packages of dry- cured salamis such as sopressata , a southern Italian specialty available at most grocery stores .
Unopened , they will keep for up to six weeks in the pantry , says Van .
More Food Advice for an Emergency
If researchers the world over have their way , cellphones will one day be used to detect and track everything from nuclear radiation to pollution to cancer , and it looks like you can now add one more to the group -- some researchers from the University of California , San Diego have developed a tiny sensor that could eventually let cellphones track airborne toxins in real time .
To do that , the researchers have proposed a rather novel system that would consist of a tiny silicon sensor that changes color when it interacts with various chemicals , and a equally tiny camera with a macro lens that would actually capture an image of the sensor and display it on the phone 's screen .
As you might have guessed , however , while the researchers are now showing off the sensor itself , they still have a ways to go on the cellphone part of the equation -- although they have apparently started work on a prototype .
Today ’s article in our series of articles about Python internals ’ will discuss naming , which is the ability to bind names to an object , like we can see in the statement a = 1 ( in other words , this article is roughly about what many languages call variables ) .
Naturally , naming is central to Python 's behaviour and understanding both its semantics and mechanics are important precursors to our quickly approaching discussions of code evaluation , code objects and stack frames .
That said , it is also a delicate subject because anyone with some programming experience knows something about it , at least instinctively ( you ’ve done something like a = 1 before , now have n’t you ? ) .
This rarely - formally - learned familiarity laden with language - specific nuances might lead to false assumptions and gut - feeling - led vagueness , and while Python aims not to surprise , some subtle details which you were n’t aware of might turn out to be surprising nonetheless .
So to solidify our foundations , we ’ll begin with some formality and terminology .
When we evaluate a = b = c = [ ] , we create one list and give it three different names .
In formal terms , we ’d say that the newly instantiated list object is now bound to three identifiers that refer to it ( I also saw and liked the word referent used for the now - referred - to object in the weakref module ’s documentation ) .
This distinction between names and the objects bound to them is important .
If we evaluate a.append ( 1 ) , we will see that b and c are also affected ; we did n’t mutate a , we mutated its referent , so the mutation is uniformly visible via any name the object was referred to .
On the other hand , if we will now do a b = [ ] , a and c will not change , since we did n’t actually change the object which b referred to but rather did a re-binding of the name b to a ( newly created and empty ) list object .
Also recall that binding is one of the ways to increase the referent ’s reference count , this is worthy of noting even though reference counting is n’t our subject at the moment .
A name binding is commonly created by use of the assignment statement , which is a statement that has an ‘ equals ’ symbol ( = ) in the middle , “ stuff to assign to ” or targets on the left , and “ stuff to be assigned ” ( an expression ) on the right .
A target can be a name ( more formally called an identifier ) or a more complex construct , like a sequence of names , an attribute reference ( primary_name.attribute ) or a subscript ( primary_name [ subscript ] ) .
The highly recommended formal definition of assignment is here , what I present here is a coarse simplification aimed to suit our bare minimum needs for the article .
Name binding is undone with the deletion statement del , which is roughly “ del followed by comma-separated targets to unbind ” ( formal specification here ) .
Naturally , much like binding a name to an object increases that object ’s reference count , so does deletion decrease it .
Finally , note that name binding can be done without an assignment as bindings are also created by def , class , import ( and others ) , this is also of less importance to us now .
Scope is a term relating to the visibility of an identifier throughout a block , or a piece of Python code executed as a unit : a module , a function body and a class definition are blocks ( control - blocks like those of if and while are not code blocks in Python ) .
A namespace is an abstract environment where the mapping between names and the objects they refer to is made ( incidentally , in current CPython , this is indeed implemented with the dict mapping type ) .
The rules of scoping determine in which namespace will a name be sought after when it is used , or rather resolved .
You probably know instinctively that a name bound in function foo is n’t visible in an unrelated function bar , this is because by default names created in a function will be stored in a namespace that will not be looked at when name resolution happens in another , unrelated function .
Scope determines not just when a name will be visible as it is resolved or ‘ read ’ ( i.e. , if you do spam = eggs , where will eggs come from ) but also as it is bound or ‘ written ’ ( i.e. , in the same example , where will spam go to ) .
When a namespace will no longer be used ( for example , the private namespace of a function which returns ) all the names in it are unbound ( this triggers reference count decrease and possibly deallocation , but this does n’t concern us now ) .
Scoping rules change based on the lexical context in which code is compiled .
For example , in simpler terms , code compiled as a plain function ’s body will resolve names slightly differently when evaluated when compared with code compiled as part of a module ’s initialization code ( the module top - level code ) .
Special statements like global and nonlocal exist and can be applied to names thus that resolution rules for these names will change in the current code block , we ’ll look into that later .
There are many subtleties to the formal rules of scoping and this text does not aim to explain them fully .
It ’s not that I think that scoping is n’t important enough , but because I ’d like us to talk more about the mechanics of scoping ( how does it behave like it does ) rather than its semantics ( what should it behave like ) .
If you want to learn more about the semantics of scoping then by all means read the fine material .
This ( important ) disclaimer in place , the crash course to scoping is like so : when Python code is evaluated , it is evaluated within three namespaces : locals , globals and builtins .
When we resolve a name , it will be sought after in the local scope , then the global scope , then the builtin scope ( then a NameError will be raised ) .
When we bind a name with a name binding statement ( i.e. , an assignment , an import , a def , etc ) the name will be bound in the local scope , and hide any existing names in the global or builtin scope .
This hiding does not mean the hidden name was changed ( formally : the hidden name was not re-bound ) , it just means it is no longer visible in the current block ’s scope because the newly created binding in the local namespace overshadows it .
We said scoping changes according to context , and one such case is when functions are lexically nested within one another ( that is , a function defined inside the body of another function ) : resolution of a name from within a nested function will first search in that function ’s scope , then in the local scopes of its outer function (s ) and only then proceed normally ( in the globals and builtins ) scope .
Lexical scoping is an interesting behaviour , let ’s look at it closely :
$ cat scoping .py ; python3.1 def outer ( ) : a = 1 # creating a lexically nested function bar def inner ( ) : # a is visible from outer 's locals return a b = 2 # b is here for an example later on return inner # inner_nonlexical will be called from within # outer_nonlexical but it is not lexically nested def inner_nonlexical ( ) : return a # a is not visible def outer_nonlexical ( ) : a = 1 inner = inner_nonlexical b = 2 # b is here for an example later on return inner_nonlexical >>> from scoping import * >>> outer ( ) ( ) 1 >>> outer_nonlexical ( ) ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
File " scoping.py " , line 13 , in inner_nonlexical return a # a is not visible >>>
As the example demonstrates , a is visible in the lexically nested inner but not in the call - stack nested but not lexically nested inner_nonlexical .
This is interesting .
How is this implemented ?
I mean , Python is dynamic , everything is runtime , how does inner_nonlexical fail if it has the same Python code and is called in a similar fashion from within a similar environment as the original inner was called ?
What ’s the difference between these two seemingly identical functions ?
Further more , we can see that inner is actually called after outer has terminated : how can it use a value from a namespace that was already destroyed ?
These are terrific questions .
To answer them , let ’s put aside our formal and semantic hat for now , and think about implementation for a bit .
Once again , let ’s look at the bytecode emitted for the simple statement spam = eggs - 1 :
>>> diss ( " spam = eggs - 1 " ) 1 0 LOAD_NAME 0 ( eggs ) 3 LOAD_CONST 0 (1 ) 6 BINARY_SUBTRACT 7 STORE_NAME 1 ( spam ) 10 LOAD_CONST 1 ( None ) 13 RETURN_VALUE >>>
Recall that BINARY_SUBTRACT will pop two arguments from the value - stack and feed them to PyNumber_Subtract , which is a C function that accepts two PyObject * pointers and certainly does n’t know anything about scoping .
What gets the arguments onto the stack are the LOAD_NAME and LOAD_CONST opcodes , and what will take the result out of the stack and into wherever it is heading is the STORE_NAME ocopde .
It is opcodes like this that implement the rules of naming and scoping , since the C code implementing them is what will actually look into the dictionaries representing the relevant namespaces trying to resolve the name and bring the resulting object unto the stack , or store whatever object is to be stored into the relevant namespace .
Not every opcode which loads a value into the value stack necessarily has to do with scoping .
For example , take LOAD_CONST ; this opcode loads a constant value unto the value stack , but it is n’t about scoping ( constants do n’t have a scope , by definition they are n’t variables and they ’re never ‘ hidden ’ ) .
Fortunately for you , I ’ve already grepped the sources for ‘ suspect ’ opcodes ( $ egrep -o '( LOAD|STORE ) ( _ [ A - Z ] + ) +'
Include / opcode.h | sort ) and believe I ’ve mapped out the opcodes that actually implement scoping , so we can concentrate on the ones that really implement scoping ( if you think I missed something , by all means let me know ) .
Note that among the list of opcodes I chose not to address are the ones that handles attribute reference and subscripting ; I chose so since these opcodes rely on a different opcode to get the primary reference ( the name before the dot or the square brackets ) on the value stack and thus are n’t really about scoping .
So , as far as I could see , we should discuss four pairs of opcode :
LOAD_NAME and STORE_NAME
and LOAD_FAST and STORE_FAST
and LOAD_GLOBAL and STORE_GLOBAL
and LOAD_DEREF and STORE_DEREF
To save me some typing , we can refer to each of these pairs by their suffix , i.e. , *_NAME or *_GLOBAL .
I suggest we discuss each pair along with the situations in which the compiler chooses to emit an opcode of that pair in order to satisfy the semantics of scoping .
This is not necessarily an exhaustive listing of these opcodes ’ uses ( it might be , I ’m not checking if it is or is n’t ) , but it should develop an understanding of these opcodes ’ behaviour and allow us to figure out other cases where the compiler chooses the emit them on our own ; so if you ever see any of these in a disassembly , you ’ll be covered .
I ’d like to begin with the obvious pair , *_NAME ; it is simple to understand ( and I suspect it was the first to be implemented ) .
Explaining the *_NAME pair of opcodes is easiest by writing rough versions of them in Python - like psuedocode ( you can and should read the actual implementation in ./ Python/ceval.c : PyEval_EvalFrameEx ) :
def LOAD_NAME ( name ) : try : return current_stack_frame.locals[name ] except KeyError : try : return current_stack_frame.globals[name ] except KeyError : try : return current_stack_frame.builtins[name ] except KeyError : raise NameError ( ' name %r is not defined ' % name ) def STORE_NAME ( name , value ) : current_stack_frame.locals[name ] = value
It ’s easy to see that this is pretty much the vanilla case of scoping as we described it earlier , so there should be no surprises here ( precisely when and how are the locals , globals and builtins namespaces created and set on the current stack frame will be covered when we talk about stack frames or code evaluation ) .
While they are the ‘ vanilla ’ case , *_NAME , in some cases they are not emitted at all as more specialized opcodes can achieve the same functionality in a faster manner .
As we explore the other scoping - related opcodes , we will see why .
A commonly used pair of scoping related opcodes is the *_FAST pair , which were originally implemented a long time ago as a speed enhancement over the *_NAME pair .
These opcodes are used in cases where compile time analysis can infer that a variable is used strictly in the local namespace .
This is possible when compiling code which is a part of a function , rather than , say , at the module level ( some subtleties apply about the meaning of ‘ function ’ in this context , a class ’ body may also use these opcodes under some circumstances , but this is of no interest to us at the moment ; also see the comments below ) .
If we can decide at compile time which names are used in precisely one namespace , and that namespace is private to one code block , it may be easy to implement a namespace with cheaper machinery than dictionaries .
Indeed , these opcodes rely on a local namespace implemented with a statically sized array , which is far faster than a dictionary lookup as in the global namespace and other namespaces .
In Python 2.x it was possible to confuse the compiler thus that it will not be able to use these opcodes in a particular function and have to revert to *_NAME , this is no longer possible in Python 3.x ( also see the comments ) .
Let ’s look at the two *_GLOBAL opcodes .
LOAD_GLOBAL ( but not STORE_GLOBAL ) is also generated when the compiler can infer that a name is resolved in a function ’s body but was never bound inside that body .
This behaviour is conceptually similar to the ability to decide when a name is both bound and resolved in a function ’s body , causing the generation of the *_FAST opcodes as we ’ve seen above .
This may become more apparant with a quick ( slightly edited for brevity ) disassembly :
>>> def func ( ) : ... a = 1 ... a = b ... return a ... >>> diss( func ) 2 0 LOAD_CONST 1 (1 ) 3 STORE_FAST 0 ( a ) 3 6 LOAD_GLOBAL 0 ( b ) 9 STORE_FAST 0 ( a ) 4 12 LOAD_FAST 0 ( a ) 15 RETURN_VALUE >>>
As described for *_FAST , we can see that a was bound within the function , which places it in the local scope private to this function , which means the *_FAST opcodes can and are used for a .
On the other hand , we can see ( and the compiler could also see… ) that b was resolved before it was ever bound in the function .
The compiler figured it must either exist elsewhere or not exist at all , which is exactly what LOAD_GLOBAL does : it bypasses the local namespace and searches only the global and builtin namespaces ( and then raises a NameError ) .
This explanation leaves us with missing functionality : what if you ’d like to re-bind a variable in the global scope ?
Recall that binding a new name normally binds it locally , so if you have a module defining foo = 1 , a function setting foo = 2 locally “ hides ” the global foo .
But what if you want to re-bind the global foo ?
Note this is not to mutate object referred to by foo but rather to bind the name foo in the global scope to a different referent ; if you ’re not clear on the distinction between the two , skim back in this post until we ’re on the same page .
To do so , we can use the global statement which we mentioned in passing before ; this statement lets you tell the compiler to treat a name always as a global both for resolving and for binding within a particular code block , generating only *_GLOBAL opcodes for manipulation of that name .
When binding is required , STORE_GLOBAL performs the new binding ( or a re-binding ) in the global namespace , thus allowing Python code to explicitly state which variables should be stored and manipulated in the global scope .
What happens if you use a variable locally , and then use the global statement to make it global ?
Let ’s look ( slightly edited ) :
>>> def func ( ) : ... a = 1 ... global a ... < stdin >:3 : SyntaxWarning : name ' a ' is assigned to before global declaration >>> diss ( func ) 2 0 LOAD_CONST 1 (1 ) 3 STORE_GLOBAL 0 ( a ) 3 6 LOAD_CONST 0 ( None ) 9 RETURN_VALUE >>>
… the compiler still treats the name as a global all through the code block , but warns you not to shoot yourself ( and other maintainers of the code ) in the foot .
Sensible .
We are left only with LOAD_DEREF and STORE_DEREF .
To explain these , we have to revisit the notion of lexical scoping , which is what started our inspection of the implementation .
Recall that we said that nested functions ’ resolution of names tries the namespaces ’ of all lexically enclosing functions ( in order , innermost outwards ) before it hits the global namespace , we also saw an example of that in code .
So how did inner return a value resolved from this no-longer - existing namespace of outer ?
When resolution of names is attempted in the global namespace ( or in builtins ) , the name may or may not be there , but for sure we know that the scope is still there !
How do we resolve a name in a scope which does n’t exist ?
The answer is quite nifty , and becomes apparent with a disassembly ( slightly edited ) of both functions :
# see the example above for the contents of scoping .
py >>> from scoping import * # recursion added to ' diss ' ; you can see metablogging -> tools above >>> diss ( outer , recurse= True ) 2 0 LOAD_CONST 1 (1 ) 3 STORE_DEREF 0 ( a ) 3 6 LOAD_CLOSURE 0 ( a ) 9 BUILD_TUPLE 1 12 LOAD_CONST
2 ( < code object inner ... ) 15 MAKE_CLOSURE 0 18 STORE_FAST 0 ( inner ) 5 21 LOAD_CONST 3 ( 2 ) 24 STORE_FAST 1 ( b ) 6 27 LOAD_FAST 0 ( inner ) 30 RETURN_VALUE recursing into < code object inner ...>: 4 0 LOAD_DEREF 0 ( a ) 3 RETURN_VALUE >>>
Sweet .
We can see that outer ( the outer function ! ) already treats a , the variable which will be used outside of its scope , differently than it treats b , a ‘ simple ’ variable in its local scope .
a is loaded and stored using the *_DEREF variants of the loading and storing opcodes , in both the outer and inner functions .
The secret sauce here is that at compilation time , if a variable is seen to be resolved from a lexically nested function , it will not be stored and will not be accessed using the regular naming opcodes .
Instead , a special object called a cell is created to store the value of the object .
When various code objects ( the outer function , the inner function , etc ) will access this variable , the use of the *_DEREF opcodes will cause the cell to be accessed rather than the namespace of the accessing code object .
Since the cell is actually accessed only after outer has finished executing , you could even define inner before a was defined , and it would still work just the same (! ) .
This is automagical for name resolution , but for outer scope rebinding the nonlocal statement exists .
nonlocal was decreed by PEP 3014 and it is somewhat similar to the global statement .
nonlocal explicitly declares a variable to be used from an outer scope rather than locally , both for resolution and re-binding .
It is illegal to use nonlocal outside of a lexically nested function , and it must be nested inside a function that defines the identifiers listed by nonlocal .
There are several small gotchas about lexical scoping , but overall things behave as you would probably expect ( for example , you ca n’t cause a name to be used locally and as a lexically nested name in the same code block , as the collapsed snippet below demonstrates ) .
>>> def outer ( ) : ... a = 1 ... def inner ( ) : ... b = a ... a = 1 ... return a , b ... return inner ... >>> outer ( ) ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
File " < stdin > " , line 4 , in inner UnboundLocalError : local variable ' a ' referenced before assignment >>>
This sums up the mechanics of naming and scoping , I hope you enjoyed the ride .
As I warned , the formal description of the semantics is rather sketchy here and should n’t be relied upon , though I hope the description of the mechanics was useful to you .
If you feel your brain is melting , that ’s normal , drink a glass of cold water and be thankful that at least you did n’t have to write this article ( not to mention write the implementation of scoping … ) .
Our next article will discuss code objects , revisiting some of the terms we saw today and further beefing us up towards tackling the frame object and the actual evaluation function .
For great justice .
I would like to thank Nick Coghlan and Thomas Wouters for reviewing this article ; any mistakes that slipped through are my own .
( VIDEO : Edge.org )
Tobias has a creepy - fun blog post up today about Toxoplasma gondii , a parasite that causes rats to become attracted to cats , which can adversely affect the development of a baby within a pregnant women 's body .
The post digs into Stanford scientist Dr. Robert Sopalsky 's research around how " toxo " changes human behavior , but this snippet about how it " hijacks the sexual reward pathway " in rats ' minds is pure gold .
Once in the rat , Toxo 's goal is to then be eaten by a cat so it can be fruitful and multiply , but as I mentioned , this can only take place in the cat 's gut .
Toxo 's goal is to get the rat eaten by a cat .
Toxo could get the desired effect through a whole sort of seemingly obvious ways ; e.g. ,
Make the rat hard to run so it is easier for a cat to catch it .
Instead it takes a far more interesting approach :
Toxo generates cysts in the brain of the rat .
These cysts take over the fear center of the brain , but specifically the fear of predators .
Common fear sources for rodents ( e.g. , bright lights , open spaces , etc. ) still operate perfectly well in an infected rat , but now they are no longer afraid of cat piss .
That alone would be cool enough , but Toxo takes it one step further .
When Toxo is going about futzing with the fear center of the brain it also goes into the sexual excitement part of the brain .
It hijacks the incoming Fear of Cat Piss™ and instead diverts the signal to the Barry White™ center of the brain .
" Somehow , this damn parasite knows how to make cat urine smell sexually arousing to rodents , and they go and check it out .
Totally amazing . "
– Dr. Sapolsky
The rat is now sexually attracted to cat piss !
( This is a fetish that gets you eaten by your predator and rats clearly do not have any safe words with cats . )
Třicetiletý starosta Semil Jan Farsk ý se vyšvihl do sněmovny z posledního místa
Semily - Celou předvolební kampaň strávil v posteli , neúčastnil se jediného mítinku , neposkytoval rozhovory , nikde nebyl vidět .
Přesto se starosta Semil Jan Farský ( 30 ) vyšvihl z posledního 17. místa kandidátky TOP 09 na první .
V Libereckém kraji získal druhý nejvyšší počet preferenčních hlasů .
Zakroužkovalo ho 3 425 voličů .
Nově zvolený poslanec se za pomoci dvou berlí s námahou zvedá z postele a pomalu se přesouvá ke stolu .
Kvůli tříštivým zlomeninám obou stehen je od března upoután na lůžko a ještě v sobotu ho ani nenapadlo , že bude poslancem .
" Jsem důkazem , že není potřeba žádná kampaň , " říká Farský s úsměvem .
Navzdory tomu , že kandidoval jen kvůli podpoře kamaráda , je připraven nečekaně nabytý mandát přijmout .
" Ze Semil se nám podařilo ud ělat rezervaci , ve které se na radnici nekrade .
Zakázky jsou u nás o čtvrtinu levnější než kolik je standardní cena jinde , " oblečený v tričku s logem Semil popisuje svůj největší úspěch .
" Nyní jsem dostal šanci zkusit tento model prosadit výš , tak do toho musím jít .
Třeba mě semelou , ale musím to zkusit . "
Otevřené Semily
Pod vedením mladého právníka a skauta Farského se Semily staly českým unikátem , když se otevřeně postavily korupci ve veřejných zakázkách .
Tři roky město aplikuje to , co ostatní politické strany mají teprve na papíře ve svých programech - transparentní zadávání zakázek .
Město s devíti tisíci obyvatel vsadilo na absolutní otevřenost : na internetu zveřejňuje celý průběh výběrových řízení a to u všech zakázek nad 30 tisíc korun .
Na semilském webu tak lze zpětně dohledat , jak byla u které zakázky zpracována zadávací dokumentace , či jaká byla kritéria pro výběr vítěze .
Kromě toho lze zjistit , kdo byl v hodnotící komisi , a kdo jak danou nabídku ohodnotil .
Na internetu jsou navíc volně a přehledně dostupné všechny smlouvy , které město s vítězem soutěže uzavřelo , včetně případných dodatků .
Za svoji transparentnost získaly Semily před dvěma lety první cenu v soutěži Otevřeno - Zavřeno , která hodnotí otevřejnost úřadů vůči veřejnosti .
Konec korupčního křoví
Farsk ý se stal starostou ve svých 27 letech , když jím založené sdružení Volba pro Semily získalo v komunálních volbách přes 28 % hlasů .
Uspěl také o dva roky později při volbách do krajských zastupitelstev .
" Mluvilo se o tom , že zakázky v Semilech provází korupce , a proto není jednoduché tady zakázku získat , " vysvětluje , proč se rozhodl tnout po svém zvolení právě do této oblasti .
" Nechtěl jsem hrát tu hru a ušpinit se .
Proto jsem se rozhodl , že budeme dělat všechno transparentně . "
Související Miláček Semil skočil do parlamentu i se zlámanýma nohama 19 fotografií
Radnice například přestala oslovovat pouze omezený okruh firem , a nabídky začala posílat i třeba 15 společnostem .
" Ze začátku mi z firem volali a ptali se , jestli mají jen dělat ' křoví ' , " říká starosta s nará žkou na to , že při zmanipulovaných soutěžích je vítěz předem jasný , ostatní slouží jako alibi pro splnění podmínek .
" Trvalo dlouho , než se podařilo zlomit pochybnosti , že je to jen na oko . "
Ještě předtím , než zavedli tento model , snížil starosta ceny za stavební akce v rozpočtu o 20 procent .
" Byl to takový trik na firmy , " říká dnes .
" Říkal jsem si , že se vždy zázračn ě strefují přesně do ceny , která je dána v rozpočtu .
Zkrátka se podívají do rozpočtu a podle toho nasadí cenu , proto jsme riskli s vedoucím odboru investic , vše v rozpočtu snížit o 20 procent ( ale měli jsme rezervu , ze které bylo možné čerpat , ale nebylo to potřeba ) .
A najednou to šlo , a oni nabízeli nižší ceny . "
Poté , co začal v Semilech platit transparentní systém zadávání zakázek , zjistilo vedení města , že cena zakázek klesla o 10 - 20 procent .
Právě tolik procent bývá podle stavebníků při zakázkách běžně rozd ělováno na úplatky .
" Například zakázku na rekonstrukci náměstí , kde byla původně cena 19 milionů korun , získala firma s nabídkou 15 milionů , " pochvaluje si Farský .
" Někdy se stane , že se nevyhneme následnému navy šování .
Ale čast ěji se stává , že cena skončí nakonec ještě níž .
Úředník , který má zakázky na starosti , je totiž radnicí motivován , aby cenu tlačil dolů .
V průběhu akce firma bojuje o to , aby byly zaplaceny vícepráce , on naopak bojuje za to , aby pokaždé , když neseknou kladívkem , se to naopak objevilo jako méněpráce . "
Válka nervů
To , že se město pod vedením mladého starosty veřejně profilovalo jako protikorupční , se ale všem nezamlouvalo .
Poté , co Semily vystoupily ze zažitého systému , začalo mít problémy s přid ělováním veřejných peněz .
" Funguje to tak že ti , co rozd ělují veřejné peníze - třeba z kraje , vám je nabídnou , ovšem s podmínkou , že výběrové řízení udělá konkrétní firma a vy se o nic nebudete starat , " popisuje Farský režim rozd ělování peněz , s jakým se osobně setkal .
" My jsme ale šli do voleb s tím , že nebudeme brát úplatky , ani podporovat klientelismus , proto jsme takové nabídky odmítali , " říká .
" Od té doby ale do města nešla z kraje , či z porcování poslaneckého medvěda ani koruna .
Evidentně velké strany chtěly ukázat , že bez vazby na ně nechají město vyhladovět . "
Dva roky podle starosty trvalo , než se situace zlomila .
" Byla to válka nervů , " popisuje .
" Nakonec ale nemohli vydržet sem tak dlouho nic neposílat , když jsme měli připravené kvalitní projekty . "
Semilský systém na do celého Česka
Podle starosty ale Semily nežijí pouze bojem proti korupci , ale také zm ěnou nenápadných detailů , které mnohdy stojí jen pár desítek tisíc korun .
Z šedivého města ležícím v údolí Jizery s dominantou bývalého Prioru místo náměstí se tak pomalu stává místo k příjemnému životu .
Zrekonstruovalo se malé náměstí , přibyly lavičky , kašna , odpadkové koše , květiny .
Asfaltové parkoviště před hyzdícím nákupním centrem se brzy promění ve vydlážděné náměstí s okrasnými prvky .
V tuto chvíli už je v plném proudu také rekonstrukce sousedícího kina .
Ze sálu pro 500 lidí zůstane třetinová kapacita , v nově uvolněném prostoru vznikne kavárna a knihovna .
„ Tahle práce mě baví , je vidět , jak se město pod rukama mění .
Je to nádherný pocit , " pochvaluje si starosta Farský komunální roli .
„ To ve sněmovně je to horší , jsou to tisíce schůzek a výsledek není vidět . "
Podle starosty teď lidé budou očekávat , že se společně s nabytou funkcí pohrnou do Semil státní peníze .
" Určitě teď část lidí očekává , že když jsem poslancem , tak pošlu pár milionů pro fotbalisty , támhle pár dalších na nové oddělení nemocnice , " říká .
" Řada politiků si porcováním medvěda platila voliče , ale já proti jeho dělení budu tvrdě bojovat . "
Prioritou Farského ve sněmovně ale bude prosadit , aby se semilský protikorupční model zavedl na celostátní úroveň .
" V Semilech jsme odzkoušeli , že to jde .
Tak chci zavést jednoduchý systém , aby se přestalo korumpovat v celém Česku , protože v tom se ztrácí desítky miliard ročně , " popisuje svoji poslaneckou vizi .
" Nevidím překážku v tom , aby byl náš semilský systém v upravené verzi aplikován od dálnic až do poslední zakázky . "
Lidi ho mají rádi
Místní si však spíše než s bojem proti korupcí spojují svého starostu s tím , co pro město viditelného udělal .
" Je nejlepší , kroužkoval jsem ho , " říká devatenáctilet ý Roman Hykman .
" Je mladý , má dobré názory a je vidět , že zvelebuje město .
Lidi ho mají rádi . "
Většina oslovených obyvatel Semil si pochvaluje především rekonstrukci kina .
A i ti , kteří mu hlas v parlamentních volbách nedali , jeho působení chválí .
" Chátrající kino bylo ostudou města , " říká postarší muž s batohem .
" Zkrátka má ideji a jde za ní . "
V rodině Rieglových dali hlas starostovi všichni její členové .
" Je slušný , inteligentní , solidní , nenechá se odradit , " vyjmenovává důvody Vladimír Riegel ( 64 ) .
" Boj proti korupci jako občané moc nevidíme , ale dokáže měnit město , například vybudoval chodník ke vzdálené nemocnici , který tu chyběl třicet let .
To je ohromná věc . "
" We have shot an amazing number of people , but to my knowledge , none has ever proven to be a threat , " says top American commander .
President Obama 's sneak visit to Afghanistan last weekend , although shrouded in secrecy , still received lots of prime press coverage .
At the same time , an astonishing open admission of possible US war crimes by Obama 's man on the ground in Kabul , senior American and NATO commander in Afghanistan General Stanley A. McChrystal , was reported by Richard A. Oppel Jr. in the New York Times " and then promptly ignored by the rest of the mainstream media .
" We have shot an amazing number of people , but to my knowledge , none has ever proven to be a threat , " McChrystal said during a recent video - conference to answer questions from troops in the field about civilian casualties .
According to the military 's own figures , American and NATO troops firing from passing convoys and military checkpoints have killed 30 Afghans and wounded 80 others since last summer , but as McChrystal noted , none of the victims proved to be a danger to the troops .
Despite new rules put in place by McChrystal , aimed at reducing the killing of innocents , such shootings have not dropped off .
Although fewer in number than deaths from air strikes or Special Forces operations , their continuance , as the Times noted , " has led to growing resentment among Afghans fearful of Western troops and angry at what they see as the impunity with which the troops operate -- a friction that has turned villages firmly against the occupation . "
These persistent " escalation of force " episodes have " emerged as a major frustration for military commanders who believe that civilian casualties deeply undermine the American and NATO campaign in Afghanistan . "
A case in point : the murder of Mohammed Yonus , a 36 - year - old imam killed two months ago while commuting to a madrasa where he taught 150 students .
As Oppel noted , " a military convoy raked his car with bullets , ripping open his chest as his two sons sat in the car .
The shooting inflamed residents and turned his neighborhood against the occupation , elders there say . "
Although General McChrystal has reduced the number of civilians killed overall -- deaths from aerial attacks , for example , fell by more than a third last year -- shootings from convoys and checkpoints involving American , NATO and Afghan forces continue to plague the coalition .
Shooting deaths caused by convoys guarded by private security contractors not part of the calculation -- make the total number of " escalation of force deaths " far higher than just those decried by McChrystal .
As noted by blogger Allison Kilkenny one media observer who wrote about McChystal 's statement -- what the general admitted to may be a war crime .
" Military brass and the warmongering elite usually skirt war crimes accusations by saying the Iraq and Afghanistan occupations are n't conventional warfare .
That is to say , the US is not at war with an official army , so anyone picked up on the battlefield ( which is the entire world in the War on Terror ) is n't a POW .
They 're an enemy combatant who does not have access to the protections afforded to enemy soldiers under the Geneva Convention . ”
This is a tricky way to circumvent accountability , but even this clever interpretation of international law can't cover the stink of McChrystal 's admission .
The US is occupying Afghanistan , and while there , they are killing innocent civilians , says the highest ranking military official in the country . "
So , to recap : the President of the United States visits Afghanistan to deliver personally " pointed criticism to President Hamid Karzai in a face - to - face meeting , " after flying in " for an unannounced visit that reflected growing vexation with Mr. Karzai as America 's military commitment to defeat the Taliban insurgency has deepened . "
The president 's visit comes only days after his highest ranking military official confirms in the " Paper of Record " that his military forces have killed dozens of people , none of whom posed a threat and other media does n't see fit even to mention that fact ?
This article originally appeared on the blog of Rory O’Connor , Media is a Plural
FROM FREEDOM FIGHTERS TO CORPORATE SUCK -UPS IN ONE QUICK LESSON
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
We ’re supposed to go after Tea Partier , Sharon Angle , you know , the one warning us against AIDS in the water supply .
Sharon has said some drastic things about guns and government , but , when you look under the surface , Sharon is talking Jeffersonian democracy .
This could move into a political debate about republics and democracy and what federalism means .
If you think you know , you do n’t .
If you did know , you forgot .
It is all bull anyway .
OK , let me say it once , there are no liberals or conservatives , only stupid dupes who pick at each other ’s bones .
There are only bones left because thieves , the ones who run our two political parties , our newspapers , our networks want it that way .
There is no liberal media , no “ fair and balanced media , ” only news paid for by rich people and scripted to give the Israel lobby , a front group , not for the country of Israel , but the Wall Street “ bankster ” scum , the cover they need to keep up the “ pump and dump ” looting of America .
The only people who could have stopped them were the Tea Partiers .
They were our last hope , the only Americans who “ hit the streets ” over anything and they never heard of Wall Street and would n’t know a bankster if they found one stuck where the sun does n’t shine .
Why is this ?
The answer is simple , the Tea Partiers got “ owned ” by the human garbage that also owns the politicians they hate .
OK , can you imagine this .
We had eight years under the Republicans , eight years of corruption , two lost wars , and I mean lost like they make Vietnam look like the win of all time lost .
Our economy collapsed and you know how deregulation worked out .
We may well have five states evacuated before we are done , with poison fumes coming over the oil slick shoreline , heading inland filled with cancer .
The Tea Partiers are complaining about Obama but not a single word about BP or Haliburton or Cheney .
Is that because their leadership , whoever they are , are bankrolled by BP , AIG , Haliburton , General Dynamics , Prudential , Bank of America and Goldman Sachs ?
Track the money down , through websites and consultants and public relations firms .
It has the smell of oil and banksters and crooked politicians all over it .
Let ’s look at the real problems America has .
If you could walk out of your house , you know , like they do in France , stop traffic , close down airports , harbors , a whole country and make the crooks in Paris , oops , I mean Washington , listen and answer up , would any of us know what to say ?
Of course not , how could we .
The crooks run our radio , television , hell , they even run most of our internet news sites , making up idiocy about the constitution .
Do n’t get me started .
Figure it was written with no bill of rights and none of the amendments .
It was total crap the day it came out .
The supreme court is like a Star Chamber for nutcase extremist lawyers or mental cripples , think Clarence Thomas .
Why the electoral college ?
If you do n’t know , it was part of a plan to trick people into thinking they had a government when , in fact , they worked for , well , do we want to go there ?
Were there banksters even then ?
Ever hear of the Bauer family in Frankfurt , Germany ?
You might know them as the Rothschilds .
They were around that long ago , they are around now , they and a gang of friends that own the Federal Reserve today but left a trail through American history of economic manipulation , civil war , assassinations , all over boring stuff about central banks , types of currency , the stuff we never understand until its too late .
Do I yell at the Tea Partiers because they are dupes ?
Am I supposed to keep phoning the FBI because some of them sound angry ?
Are , just maybe , those the ones who really get it ?
Here is how you know you “ get it . ”
Let ’s say 30 governors , all Republicans are behind you , an analogy that reminds me of leadership when I was in Vietnam , always behind me , somewhere , or so we were told .
This is the party that was running things when the money went away , the World Trade Center was hit and a pile of tribesmen in Afghanistan kicked our butts .
They ca n’t be saving us taxes , all but the very very wealthy are paying less and , if Secretary Gates has his way cutting military expenditures , much less .
If they wanted to protect the constitution , they could come out and say they were duped into supporting the two very unconstitutional Patriot Acts or the Supreme Court eliminating Miranda warnings .
Next time you get pulled over , breathalized and have your car disassembled at the side of the road , looking for an unregistered gun or reefer seed , remember this warning .
Constitution , Miranda , search and seizure , privacy , first amendment .
Without all of those , the second amendment is a joke .
Hey , but I am forgetting something , those millions of illegal aliens all on welfare , all getting free dental , optical and beachfront condos .
Here is a question .
Name a “ liberal ” that advocated open borders ?
One ?
Anyone , ah , come on now , there must be some scumsucking liberal pig that cried about letting ten million Mexicans into the country so we could give citizenship to their children ?
No takers ?
Wonder why ?
Go back to your 30 governors .
Each one gets his campaign funded by big agriculture , the US Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers .
You might want to add drug companies and banksters too , but that can wait .
Lets talk about illegal aliens .
Wonder when the flood started and “ hoo dun it ? ” Remember Caesar Chavez , not the guy in Venezuela , that ’s Hugo Chavez , his cousin or something .
No , this guy had a union called the United Farm Workers .
His idea was that kids should n’t work 12 hours in the field with their families , live in tents and often never get paid at all .
He thought that the people who did all the hard work , the people who FEED THE REST OF US should get paid for it .
Oh , you forget , those illegal aliens put the food on your table .
No aliens , no tomatos , no bean sprouts , no alfalfa for those dainty little salads , no beans , no beef , no pork , no chicken , no oranges , no grapes .
Get the picture ?
So , we used to have seasonal workers who came to the US , worked and went back to Mexico .
When they organized , the Republicans got mad as hell and went to Mr. Ronald Reagan , then governor of California , or , more appropriately , Mr. Bonzo , governor bought and paid for by the wealthy growers in the Imperial Valley .
They asked him to use his influence to have things eased up for them , get them a bit more help , perhaps 10 to 20 million illegal Mexicans so their labor costs would go down .
The chicken pluckers , hog lip packers , feed lot gang , eventually everyone in the “ hire the illegal ” world , folks who did n’t like paying decent Americans a living wage pushed to have the borders opened and Mexico emptied into the US .
They got cheap labor , the middle class that does n’t mysteriously live in Switzerland or the Cayman Islands paid for the medical bills and education for the massive influx of undocumented workers while the Republicans raked in billions .
Now the Tea Party is supporting the folks that loaded our country to the gills .
The folks complaining about illegal aliens are the ones who brought them in .
So , congratulate yourself , you are now supporting politicians who ran your country into debt , filled it with illegal aliens , tore up the constitution but are now asking for you to put them back in charge so they can fix the things they got rich destroying .
But you tell me that Fox News tells it different ?
You know , if you never really read a bill , only waited for that email warning you about socialism or terrorists or birth certificates or how everyone is picking on poor Israel , if you only believe what the those wonderful , kind and honest people who run TV tell you …..
No time to check how a candidate actually votes , whether they tried to close hospitals for veterans or allowed a certain oil company to destroy 30 % of the United States or maybe sent your job to some Asian sweatshop so their rich golfing buddies could afford a second yacht …
And you are riding around on a bus screaming about how those same people are suffering when you are n’t sure what will be waiting for you in your mailbox when your get home … .
If you do n’t think the Democrats are any good , I assure you , the Republicans hate your guts .
It would be different if someone came up and told me that they are only supporting politicians who have NEVER served before .
I only keep seeing people trying to lie their way back in so they can start stealing again .
Hey , here is something for you to do .
Every single politician you support , every leader , every spokesman , go see where the live and what they drive .
If you think any of them are smart , tell them to debate me .
We have several radio stations that will eat this up .
One of my things is working for military and veterans , really FOR them , not for flag waving money grubbing cowards .
I wake up every morning with an email box full of stories .
“ I was in the Army for 19 years .
I got blown up in Iraq and have been confused , headaches .
Now they have thrown me out , no pension , no medical care , no disability .
I am losing my house , my kids are hungry . ”
This is every day .
Then it goes :
“ I called my congressman and they did nothing .
I went to the VFW / American Legion and they didn ’ t do anything .
Can you help me . ”
This is typical .
Over 400,000 of these cases have been in processing for years while familes fall apart .
We have no idea how many suicides this has caused , we stopped counting 18 months ago when we hit 14,000 .
20,000 ?
More ?
Oh , what does the Tea Party say about this ?
Any of you ever hear about the USS Liberty ?
Any idea how badly the Israel lobby is screwing over America ?
Oh , TV does n’t mention this and your politicians are too busy cashing their checks ?
If you can tell me how anyone can be a good friend to Likudist Israel , no , not a Jewish country but a place taken over by a pack of crazy extremists , and still be an American , please let me know .
If any of this sounds new to you , you have a choice .
Learn what is real and what is n’t .
It is n’t my job to explain it .
Is the answer simply , “ I do n’t care if what I do is wrong so long as I do something . ”
I am here to tell you , that if they are in government , if they have been elected to anything , there is a 99.9 % chance they ca n’t be trusted .
Why are American soldiers dying to support a politician , you know the guy , over there in What - cha - callistan , who rigged an election , prettymuch everyone knows he is the biggest drug dealer in the world , his own people hate his guts and he continually threatens to join the enemy , if they would have him , and fight against us ?
Does this give you a clue how nuts we are ?
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
A package arrived for me yesterday – something I ordered a while ago and then forgot about – my “ Health Reform is a BFD ” t- shirt !
( Remember that : Joe Biden ’s muttered comment about just exactly how big a deal health care reform is ? )
I plan to wear the shirt – and in case you ’re thinking , but the health care reform battle is yesterday ’s news , think again .
Consider this .
A recent Rasmussen poll found that 50 % of voters believe the quality of health care will get worse under the law , and 58 % expect costs to go up .
Put this into the bigger picture – that 55 % of all voters asked rate the current U.S. health care system as good or excellent .
Working America , the AFL - CIO ’s community - based affiliate , has been polling people in Ohio and Pennsylvania , and report that many “ do n’t understand what the health care bill really is , or what it really says .
That lack of knowledge is a breeding ground for fear and distrust , fueling a massive opposition campaign that has transformed health care reform from a popular cause into a wedge issue . ”
A wedge issue ?
What ’s going on ?
Type “ Obamacare ” into Google , and you ’ll get more then 3 million hits .
The Republican right is working hard to whip up people ’s “ fear and distrust ” of the health care bill will hurt them , and then ride that to midterm election victory .
But the broad movement that fought tooth and nail for health care reform – through many more months than anyone thought it would take , overcoming the loss of the 60 seat Senate supermajority , past the Republican filibuster threats and one can’t forget the criticism from progressive Democrats – is n’t giving up .
Activists from labor , seniors and health care organizations are hitting the road and getting online and on the phone , organizing meetings , rallies and conference calls to counter that message with the facts .
Immediately after passage of the bill , Metro New York Health Care for All Director Mark Hannay called on health care activists to take a deep breath and then take go to work “ educating the public about the law … and defending it against a variety of push - back efforts from reform opponents . ”
Meetings were held all over the state to plan next steps .
Wynne Antonio , the Retiree Council Coordinator at the North Shore AFL - CIO , is organizing a Health Care forum , which she says is to “ celebrate the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act … we also acknowledge the positive effects it will have on the midterm elections which make it incumbent upon us to get the truth out in the community . ”
Labor is planning to go all out : in addition to efforts to defend the seats of those who voted for healthcare reform and are facing tough races , there are also plans for a grassroots education campaign on the law ’s benefits .
NYC for Change leader Tim Foley addressed a community meeting in the Bronx last week , the 60th such gathering he ’d spoken at since the beginning of the year .
His gave a detailed talk describing the positive provisions that will go into effect over the next year , and urged his listeners to familiarize themselves with the facts .
Among the resources he recommended were the American Association of Retired Persons and the AFL - CIO .
AARP has a wealth of material , including online resources , more than a dozen downloadable pamphlets on topics from “ Quick Guide to Health Care Reform , ” to “ What the Law Means for Women , ” to materials in Spanish , a cartoon gallery , slide show , audio and video materials , and an animated “ Healthcare Debate . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/citizenactionny/
/ CC BY -SA 2.0
Since the beginning of humanity , people have invented explanations for things they do n’t understand .
The culprits for the unexplained have evolved from gods and demons , to ghosts and spirits , to extraterrestrials .
A recent study showed that almost 1 in 4 Americans believe that , at least some of the reported UFO ’s , are actually spacecraft from other worlds .
Many people believe space aliens have visited Earth in the past – if they ’re not here right now .
Of course the vast majority of “ evidence ” of extraterrestrials have simple ( albeit WAY less exciting ) explanations .
Here are 10 man-made things falsely attributed to extraterrestrial influence .
Enjoy .
10 Ancient Cave Paintings
Discoveries of ancient artwork depicting mysterious figures have helped give rise to the “ Ancient Astronaut Theory ” , which claims that alien beings visited prehistoric humans , possibly interacting and sharing knowledge with them .
Advocates of this theory usually point to specific examples , such as a particular rock carving in the Val Camonica site in Italy , as well as the Wandjina Petroglyph ( above ) sites in Australia .
Using these examples as evidence reaches unsturdy ground when held up to scientific scrutiny .
The popular image of two “ alien ” figures in Val Camonica was picked out of over 200,000 drawings – a pretty clear sign of confirmation bias .
Testing at the Wandjina site showed some drawings had been repainted numerous times over , with the images evolving over time at the artists ’ discretion , rendering the original artwork unknown .
9 Egyptian Carvings
According to many UFO enthusiasts , the Temple of Osiris at Abydos contains definitive proof of advanced ancient technology .
The glyphs seem to include depictions of a helicopter , a jet plane and some sort of flying saucer .
Unfortunately for believers , the glyphs are a result of erosion and actual replacement and re-carving of hieroglyphics .
The original text is part of the titulary of Seti I , that had been changed to reference Ramsses II .
Modifying and defacing inscriptions was common in ancient Egypt ’s history , and in this case yielded some strange - looking results .
Even stranger , UFO enthusiasts do not find it odd that there are no other examples like this in the thousands of hieroglyphs discovered elsewhere , nor is there any mention of flying machines anywhere in Egyptian literature .
8 Nazca Lines
The Nazca Lines are a series of hundreds of ancient geoglyphs located in Peru .
These include depictions of animals , birds , fish and humans , along with simple lines and geometric shapes .
Some of them are over 600 ft.
across and can only be viewed properly from the air .
This has led to speculation by the Ancient Astronaut crowd that the ancient Peruvians were capable of advanced flight , or were trying to communicate with beings that were .
Scientists have claimed the lines were of a spiritual significance , possibly pertaining to the availability of water .
Also , historians have since recreated similar lines using primitive techniques without aerial assistance .
7 Antikythera Mechanism
The Mechanism is a clock - like instrument from around 85 BC , that was discovered in 1900 near Antikythera , Greece .
It was used aboard ships as a navigation tool because it could accurately predict locations of the sun , moon and the 5 known planets , at any given date .
The device contained a complex system of gears , built with sophisticated technology , that rivaled that of 14th century clocks .
Because of the precision involved in it ’s construction , it ’s almost exact predictions of cosmic bodies , and the apparent 1300 year gap in technology , UFO enthusiasts have cited this as evidence of alien contact , as humans could have never figured it ’s complex technology out that early .
However , if aliens were to blame , they would have probably told the Greeks about more than just five planets , or at least given them a magnetic compass .
Of course ancient Greek literature mentions mechanisms like this one without mentioning other - worldly visitors .
6 Saqqara Bird
Found in a tomb excavation in 1898 , the Saqqara Bird has been rumored , by believers in the Ancient Astronaut Theory , to be evidence of advanced flight in ancient Egypt .
They note the vertical tail of the “ bird ” resembles a tailplane on an aircraft as opposed to the horizontal tail feathers of a real bird .
The lack of legs , and the angle of the wings has lent to speculation about the design ’s capability of aerodynamic lift .
Tests performed on recreations of the artifact have shown it to have no aerodynamic properties conductive to flight .
Modern scientific theories suggest it ’s either a religious artifact or even just a simple children ’s toy .
5 Dogu
Dogu are small humanoid figurines created in prehistoric Japan .
The unusual appearance of the Dogu has been claimed to resemble some sort of space suit , supposedly complete with goggles , armor and hoses .
Adding to the mystery , their exact purpose remains unclear to historians .
Ancient Astronaut proponents tend to ignore the fact that the “ goggle - eyed type ” figures are only one of many types of Dogu , and that archaeologists have pointed out the similarity of the figure ’s eyes with Inuit snow goggles .
They are seldom discovered intact , with limbs having been cut or broken off .
This with the exaggerated hips , buttocks , and breasts depicted suggest a possible usage in fertility rituals .
4 Crop Circles
In 1966 , a man claimed to have seen a saucer shaped craft over a field near Tully , Australia .
The saucer allegedly left a circular pattern of flattened reeds over the area it had taken off from .
Years later , this unique story inspired two English pranksters to create their own patterns of flattened crops in local fields , using simple tools .
The fad quickly spread , and crop circles became increasingly complex and intricate .
While some believe this is a result of alien technology advancing , or the increasingly complex nature of an extraterrestrial “ message ” to humans , the overwhelming majority of crop circles have been revealed as products of deception , artistic expression and / or business or tourist interests .
3 Norwegian Spiral
In December of 2009 , an enormous spiral appeared in the sky over northern Norway , leading to speculation of an extraterrestrial visit .
The unusual visual phenomenon lasted for 2 - 3 minutes , and consisted of a blue light originating on the horizon , which gained altitude , culminating into a large white pinwheel effect before disappearing “ into a wormhole . ”
UFO enthusiasts cited this as evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence , while the official explanation from the Russian government was n’t quite as fantastic .
Apparently , a Russian military missile test went haywire , and the spiral effect was either a result of a broken stabilizer engine , or the missile circling an airborne misfire beacon until it ran out of fuel and fell into the sea .
2 Stonehenge
With it ’s enormous stones dating past 2400 BC , the purpose and construction methods of Stonehenge have long been debated .
Humans are generally accepted to have built the actual monument , as comparably large stones have been erected in modern times using primitive tools .
However , Ancient Astronaut theorists claim that the positions of the stones confirm an ancient ability to predict eclipses .
This ability would mean the ancients had knowledge of lunar nodes – the two points in space where Earth ’s orbit intersects the moon ’s orbit .
This knowledge would n’t be possible without extraterrestrial influence — or by generations of astute study that was continuously passed down and improved upon .
Modern science obviously leans towards the latter , but it is possible that scientists have also attributed too much astronomical meaning to the placement of the stones .
1 Pyramids of Giza
Similar to many other megalithic sites around the world , the Pyramids of Giza have been repeatedly attributed to extraterrestrials throughout the years , mostly because of the sheer magnitude of their construction .
According to believers , the technology needed to build the massive monuments was not available to the Egyptians during the time they were built .
The cuts and placement of the stones are said to be so precise that we cannot recreate them even in modern times .
The placement of the pyramids themselves and the measurements contained within are also said to support the Ancient Astronaut Theory , such as the height of the Great Pyramid being an accurate , scaled - down measurement of the distance between Earth and the Sun , or the three Giza Pyramids correlating with the constellation Orion .
Modern measuring techniques have proven hopeful ideas like those to be false , yet the rumors persist .
The Pyramids of Giza do display a remarkable knowledge of engineering and measuring for their time period , but one would think that if creatures capable of interstellar travel were actually responsible for them , they would have done a better job .
+ Religions
Believers in extraterrestrials have also pointed to religious texts to support their claims of a previous visitation .
Proponents often mention the imagery in the Book of Ezekiel , or the vimanas of Hindu Vedic texts , while some religions , like Raelism and Scientology , hold the belief of extraterrestrials as basic tenets of their faith .
One thing some Ancient Astronaut theorists like to mention as a modern day comparison are the so - called Cargo Cults .
These “ cults ” arose when the primitive , indigenous populations of isolated islands were exposed to visitors from civilized countries .
For example , U.S. soldiers landed on the tiny island of Tanna , Vanuatu , during WWII to build airstrips for their fight against Japan .
The tribal inhabitants viewed the soldiers as gods , and accepted gifts from them as rewards from their deities .
When the soldiers left as quickly as they came , the inhabitants began recreating their “ rituals , ” such as marching in formation and building makeshift landing strips and planes , in order to continue the delivery of their divine “ cargo . ”
Some ufologists have speculated that ancient religions may have developed the same way , with extraterrestrials acting the part of American soldiers .
Michael Hastings , author of the bombshell Rolling Stone profile of Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
A day after it leaked out onto the Internet , Michael Hastings ' bombshell Rolling Stone profile of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal has done enough damage to the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan that he is expected to resign over the derisive comments he made about President Obama and his senior advisers .
How many other 30 - year - old journalists can say their reporting , ( especially long - form magazine reporting ) has made such an immediate impact on international affairs ?
" I ’m actually shocked by the response , " hastings told Newsweek , where he used to work .
" Because usually we end up ignoring Afghanistan , so I ’m quite surprised it ’s creating such a stir . "
The McChrystal piece is arguably Hasting 's biggest story to date .
But it was preceded by an impressive portfolio .
In addition to writing a heart - wrenching memoir that was reviewed by George Packer in the The New York Times ' Sunday Book Review , Hastings has also served as Newsweek 's Baghdad correspondent , and his byline has appeared in the pages of GQ , The Washington Post , The L.A .
Times , The Daily Beast and various other publications , according to his bio on True / Slant , where he blogs primarily about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The egregious call at first base by the umpire Jim Joyce that cost a Detroit Tigers pitcher , Armando Galarraga , the chance to be only the 21st major - league pitcher to have tossed a perfect game has unleashed consternation on the land .
History is denied !
Incompetence reigns !
Something must be done !
Expand instant replay !
Nah .
First of all , history was n’t denied ; it was made .
Galarraga ’s magnificent performance last Wednesday will always be the perfect game with the asterisk , the one every commentator mentions whenever perfect games are mentioned , the tainted perfect game and thus the most famous perfect game of all time .
Second , Joyce ’s bungle — and oh , man , it was a beaut ! — has hardly reigned .
A sturdy baseball citizen who has served in the big leagues with distinction ( which for umpires is to say without ) since 1989 , he was reduced to tears by the fact of his ill - timed mistake and its being trumpeted on front pages and television broadcasts around the world .
You think that ’s not being held accountable ?
And something must be done ?
Why ?
Umpires have been ingrained in major - league baseball since the inception of the National League in 1876 , somewhere approaching 200,000 games ago , and it ’s likely that the umps have botched a call or two in every one of them since then .
Somehow this has not eroded the fan base or undermined the integrity of the competition , which is something that the players and the owners have periodically done .
Dear All ,
Stored procedures contest is over !
We had 12 submissions for the contest and have chosen 3 winners .
Winners are :
Set of mathematical operations implemented in pure Firebird SQL ,
by pizmon ( muirsheendur…@gmail.com )
Download www.mindthebird.com/MathematicOperation.pdf XML
File creation using Firebird in stored procedures , by Fernando
Medeiros
Download www.mindthebird.com/ToCreateXML.pdf
SP_ESCAPE and SP_UNESCAPE stored procedures : generate text with
line feeds , carriage returns , quotes and tabs in Firebird sql scripts ,
by Fabiano Bonin .
Download www.mindthebird.com/SP_ESCAPE.pdf
Each winner can choose one of the following licenses from MindTheBird sponsors :
Fast Report Studio – powerful report tool with native Firebird
( all versions ) support , Sinatica Monitor – monitoring tool for Firebird ( 2.1 and
higher ) IBSurgeon FBScanner – logging and audit tool for Firebird and
InterBase all versions SQLLY Firebird / InterBase Studio – database and SQL queries
design and optimization IBSurgeon IBAnalyst – tool to analyze database statistics of
FIrebird and InterBase Firebird FirstAID – tool to repair corrupted Firebird databases .
XML Wizard ( GuacoSoft ) – tool to import and compare data from
XML , CSV , flat - files against Firebird databases Special offer – 50 % discount on any of trainings about .
NET &
Firebird and / or Entity Framework ( & Firebird ) – see www.x2develop.com
for details .
“ Database Workbench Pro for Firebird ” and a Database Workbench
Pro for any 3 database modules of the winners choice .
Firebird Trace Manager ( Enterprise Edition ) – tool which exposes
the new Firebird 2.5 Trace API in a user - friendly way .
EMS Studio for Firebird and InterBase – powerful tool for
Firebird developers and administrators .
AnyDAC for Delphi – universal Data Access Components with native
Firebird support
Congratulations !
With best regards ,
MindTheBird Team
Also , check out our Bacon Gift pack on sale now at Tanga.com !
The newest element on the periodic table is bacon !
Be sure to get your daily dose of bacon .
Scientists agree it can really help boost your metabolism !
Please note that XXL and XXXL sizes cost $.99 cents more per shirt !
Looking for other funny T - Shirts ?
Click here to see our Second Chance deal section to see what ’s available !
Mormon Church Fined In Same Sex Marriage Scandal
The Mormon Church has agreed to pay a fine of more than $ 5,000 for not reporting some campaign staff contributions it made in support of Proposition 8 , the 2008 ballot measure that outlawed same - sex marriage .
The Fair Political Practices Commission ’s Web site said , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints “ failed to timely report making late non-monetary contributions totaling $ 36,928 . ”
The commission had requested the church pay $ 5,539 in fines , which it has done , and the commission will meet to vote on finalizing the penalty on Thursday in Sacramento .
A church statement claimed that all the contributions it made in support of Proposition 8 , “ were reported to the appropriate authorities in California . ”
But it admitted that in the last two weeks of the highly contested campaign , it “ mistakenly overlooked the daily reporting requirement for non-monetary contributions , ” which would include things like staff time .
The church ’s called the reporting failure an “ oversight ” and thanked the commission for its “ fairness and consideration . ”
The NEW YORK TIMES REPORTS
The commission began their investigation into the Mormon Church ’s contributions after a complaint was filed by Fred Karger , founder of the group Californians Against Hate , asserting that the church failed to fully disclose the time and money it spent on Proposition 8 , which passed with 52 percent of the vote .
On Wednesday , Mr. Karger — who is openly gay and has expressed interest in running for the 2012 Republican nomination for president — sounded satisfied with the commission ’s expected decision .
“ The Mormon church has been leading the charge to create constitutional amendments to take away marriage equality from gay and lesbian people all over this country and they ’ve been doing it dishonestly and in the dark of night , ” said Mr. Karger , who referred to the situation as “ Mormon - gate ” when reached by phone .
“ I blew the whistle and they got caught for violating the law , ” he said .
MADMIKESAMERICA HOMEPAGE
We will have a listen / look at everything and if we like it , it will get posted .
Feel free to send tracks / mixes / anything to us at :
Contact us directly at :
max.disruption@googlemail.com
koyejo.disruption@googlemail.com
Hit us up on Facebook HERE
Atomiq is a product by
Atomiq - Code Similarity Finder
Atomiq Code Similarity Finder is a tool for developers to find and eliminate duplicate code .
It is designed for .NET developers , but works equally well for developers of other languages and even web designers !
Atomiq works with a wide variety of source code :
We currently support C# , VB .
Net , ASPX , Ruby , Python , Java , C , C++ , ActionScript , and XAML , with more extensions on the way soon .
It is the perfect companion tool for someone who updates their code infrequently and can't possibly remember everything in it or for a team of 2 or more developers working on the same project that do n't know everything in it since they did n't write it all themselves .
Eliminate similar code
( and the banging your head against the wall that comes with it )
Atomiq does n't just find exact matches , it finds similar code .
It ignores " fluff " like whitespace , string content , curly braces , comments and using / import statements so you can find the duplicate code that causes problems .
In VB.NET , it will also ignore lines that contain only " Next " , " End While " , " End Try " , " End If " , " End Property " , " End Get " and " End Set " .
Maintaining your code will be a breeze
The beauty of a tool like this is once you 've found the expensive remnants of copy and pasted code , it 's easy to refactor your code .
You 'll literally save thousands of dollars and coutless hours of frustration from tracking down bugs and maintaining your code .
Atomiq is now cost and registration free !
Kill duplicate code - Download Atomiq now
Oh , do n’t we all ?
If you are like me and are in constant need for a de-stressing from all your distress , consider getting an El Cid Vacations Club ( ECVC ) membership right away .
I am sure you have heard of vacation club memberships ...
By : Jeremy Miller
End
-- Oh , do n’t we all ?
If you are like me and are in constant need for a de-stressing from all your distress , consider getting an El Cid Vacations Club ( ECVC ) membership right away .
I am sure you have heard of vacation club memberships and time - sharing and the like .
But how do these things really work ?
And what are the advantages of getting memberships to these clubs when you can just book a hotel through your travel agent anyway ?
Let me begin by saying that being a member of the ECVC will entitle you to a certain number of points every year .
The number of points you are given will depend on the membership package you choose .
You can use these points for your next vacation as the club lets you use them for your accommodations , either in a hotel or their resort condominiums , plane tickets , cruise packages , car rentals and their “ Experiential Vacation ” packages .
Do not worry about being unable to use up your points that you are given for the year .
They are transferable for the next year .
Also , should you find yourself short of points for this year , you can also rent points so that you can get the vacation package you want .
By becoming a member of our vacation club , you are given advanced reservation priority to any El Cid Resort in the world .
You will also be given internal access to choice Wyndham Resorts by virtue of their exchange program with the club .
You are automatically enrolled in RCI ( a worldwide exchange company ) giving you the option to use any of the 4000 affiliated resorts .
There are also various other resorts around the world wherein ECVC has exchange programs with , including Cruise and Experiential Vacations which include Golf Clinics , Safaris and many more .
So how many points are you allotted each year ?
A VIP at ECVC is given three hundred thousand points per year .
If you get the VIP Gold Membership , you are given five hundred thousand points .
The VIP Platinum meanwhile is given one million points .
More points means more benefits , more discounts , more options .
With ECVC , your choices and options are limitless .
But how do you narrow down which among their offerings is right for you ?
First , find out how many people in your family or party can make it to your next vacation .
Then , you can check out the ECVC guide for the types of hotel and condominium units available and the number of occupants these accommodations will hold .
The next thing you have to figure out is what type of vacation you are in the mood for .
You may want to do an all out relaxation weekend or you might want to join a cruise .
You also have to know where you want to take your vacation , be it in the Caribbean Islands , within the United States , Mexico or Europe .
Yes , ECVC has resorts in Europe !
Just remember that if you decide to take your vacation during peak season , it will cost you more points .
So it is wise to consult their “ Use Year ” chart to plot out when you can take vacations so as to maximize your points .
There are just so many ways to travel and save with the El Cid Vacations Club .
Become a member today !# # # Experience the unique wonders of Mexico as they are meant to be enjoyed through El Cid Vacations Club .
As a collection of locally owed Mexican hotel resorts , El Cid Vacations Club offers a signature brand of hospitality , thoroughly immersed in tradition , providing you with truly authentic experiences .
Visit us http://www.elcidvacationsclub.com
Update : for a better way of fixing this , see : Script To Fix The Ubuntu Plymouth For Proprietary Nvidia And ATI Graphics Drivers .
Reading the Ubuntu Lucid development forum , I noticed most people can't get the new Plymouth to work with Nvidia proprietary drivers .
Some get just some errors , some see just some blue progress bar , etc .
But here is a very easy solution for getting Plymouth working with proprietary Nvidia drivers ( and it works in Virtual Box too ) .
Being so easy , I do n't understand why they have n't included this tweak in Ubuntu Lucid yet , but I suppose there is a reason behind this so be aware of this before proceeding .
Reading the Ubuntu Lucid development forum , I noticed most people can't get the new Plymouth to work with Nvidia proprietary drivers .
Some get just some errors , some see just some blue progress bar , etc .
But here is a very .
Being so easy , I do n't understand why they have n't included this tweak in Ubuntu Lucid yet , but I suppose there is a reason behind this so be aware of this before proceeding .
WARNING :
Here is what you have to do to get Plymouth working with proprietary Nvidia drivers :
Step 1 : we must edit the /etc / default / grub file .
Open a terminal and paste this :
sudo gedit /etc/ default / grub
On line # 18 , uncomment ( uncomment = remove the " # " in front of the line ( " # GRUB_GFXMODE=640x480 " and change the resolution to whatever you want .
Here is how it should look :
GRUB_GFXMODE=1024x768
Step 2 : edit the /etc / grub.d/00 _header file .
sudo gedit /etc/grub.d/00_header
And find the following line : " gfxmode=$ {GRUB_GFXMODE} " ( it 's line 103 on my computer ) and under it , paste this :
set gfxpayload=keep
Step 3 : update Grub 2 :
To update the GRUB , simply run the following command :
sudo update - grub
Once you complete the above steps , restart the computer and you should see the nice Plymouth screen like in the screenshot in the beginning of the post .
Update : if this does n't work for you or your TTYs stop working see the instructions in THIS comment .
Open a terminal and paste this :
On line # 18 , uncomment ( uncomment = remove the " # " in front of the line ( " # GRUB_GFXMODE=640x480 " and change the resolution to whatever you want .
Here is how it should look :
And find the following line : " gfxmode=$ {GRUB_GFXMODE} " ( it 's line 103 on my computer ) and under it , paste this :
To update the GRUB , simply run the following command :
Once you complete the above steps , restart the computer and you should see the nice Plymouth screen like in the screenshot in the beginning of the post .
Only follow this how - to if you know what you are doing .
If you make any mistakes , Ubuntu might not start !
Update 2 : Softpedia also has a tutorial on fixing Plymouth so you can try that too .
I am a firm believer in allowing private family members of public figures to be removed from public scrutiny .
That is UNTIL they themselves decide to become a public figure .
It was announced last week that Bristol Palin ( daughter of former Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin ) is going on the speakers tour to talk about “ do n’t screw up and have a kid like I did as a teenager ” .
Reports are that she will get between $ 15 - 30,000 per speech .
That really busts my chops .
Why were n’t my parents more popular ?
My life could be so much easier .
This is the last week of the Charity Challenge .
Click link for how you can help at no cost to you .
Santiago , Chile ( CNN ) -- Joran van der Sloot , the suspect in a young woman 's slaying this week in Peru and previously considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba , was captured Thursday in Chile , authorities said .
Van der Sloot is the main suspect in this week 's slaying of 21 - year - old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found Wednesday in a Lima , Peru , hotel room registered to the Dutch man .
Chilean police told CNN that paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile on Wednesday .
Peruvian Interior Minister Octavio Salazar Miranda said Thursday that Peru has made arrangements with Interpol to extradite van der Sloot .
Interpol confirmed that Chile will send van der Sloot back to Peru .
Van der Sloot also faces an arrest warrant on charges of extortion and wire fraud in Alabama , U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance said Thursday .
The charges are unrelated to the killing of a Peruvian woman , and deal with an attempt to sell details about Holloway for $ 250,000 , Vance said .
Van der Sloot , 23 , was traveling alone in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar when he was detained , said Douglas Rodriguez , spokesman for the Chilean Investigative Police .
Van der Sloot was transported Thursday afternoon to police headquarters in Santiago , Chile 's capital .
TV images showed him emerging from a black police SUV at the police station .
His hair , which had been black in previous images , was red and worn in a close - cropped crew cut .
In Peru , a wake was held Thursday in Lima for Flores , who was scheduled to be buried later in the day .
An uncle of Natalee Holloway said he was saddened by the Flores family 's loss .
" We are disappointed that Joran has been able to do this to another young girl , " Paul Reynolds told CNN .
" He was not held accountable for what happened to Natalee and as a result has been able to repeat his actions .
Sorry this other family has to go through the same thing we have .
Van der Sloot , who was arrested in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in 2005 but later released , has denied any involvement in her case .
There is " incriminating evidence " linking van der Sloot to the killing of Flores , said Peruvian criminal investigator Cesar Guardia Vasquez .
The woman 's bludgeoned body was found in Room 309 of the Hotel Tac in the Miraflores section of Lima , police said .
She suffered blunt trauma to the head , breaking her neck , and to her torso and back , Peruvian police said Thursday .
Van der Sloot had been staying at the hotel since arriving from Colombia on May 14 , police said .
Room 309 was booked in his name , authorities said .
A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. Sunday , Guardia said .
Police have video of van der Sloot and Flores together the previous night at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said .
Two Peruvian cab drivers said in an interview on CNN affiliate America TV that they drove a man matching van der Sloot 's description to a city on the other side of the Chilean border .
" He paid me and I took him to Arica , to the border , " cab driver Oswaldo Aparcana said .
The man sat in the front seat and smoked many cigarettes , Aparcana said .
The passenger told the cabbies he used to live in Aruba , said the other driver , Carlos Alberto Uribe .
The victim's father said he believes van der Sloot is responsible for the young woman 's death .
" We have all the evidence to show that the killer is this man , " businessman and race - car driver Ricardo Flores told CNN en Español .
But van der Sloot 's former attorney , Joseph Tacopina , told CNN it was too early to reach any conclusions .
" I just think we need to take a step back before we get to the ' I told you so ' stage , and let 's see what the evidence is here , " Tacopina said Thursday .
Tacopina said he is not representing van der Sloot and no longer has a good relationship with the family .
Holloway , the Alabama teenager , disappeared May 30 , 2005 , five years to the day since the hotel videotape that officials say showed van der Sloot and Flores going into his hotel room .
Both women are reported to have met van der Sloot at a night spot .
Ricardo Flores said police found his daughter 's car about 50 blocks from the hotel .
Inside the car , he said , authorities found pills like those used in date rapes .
Ricardo Flores said he did not believe his daughter knew the Dutch citizen beforehand .
Both of them speak English and they struck up conversation at the casino , he said .
Interpol had alerted its office in Chile and other bordering countries of the case and placed them on alert in case van der Sloot tried to leave that country , Peruvian Interpol Interim Director Gerson Ortiz told CNN .
Van der Sloot was arrested in Aruba in 2005 along with two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe , in connection with Holloway 's disappearance .
They were later released .
In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then - chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case .
Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba .
But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared in which one of the three youths said she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed .
In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television .
In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she " started shaking " and lost consciousness .
He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat .
The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home .
The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean .
But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him .
Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two - hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance .
CNN 's Beth Carey contributed to this report .
also the fox makes more of an appearance before i decide that she is a girl fox .
i let her choose her gender , okay .
do n't put your big gender ideas on my body .
startin to get the hang of the rabbits look down .
IDEALLY they are the same height , with the short rabbit 's ears being long enough to reach where tall rabbit 's shorter ears end .
Hydorah — 2010
Straight to the heart of classic shmup players
Plot Meropticon has declared war on the Omios star .
Take the control of your ship and fly with the space fleet in a campaing to set free invaded planets , destroy enemy bases and discover the misterious force behind the attack .
Biomechanical enemies , space creatures , exotic planets and climatic threats are waiting for you , so take the controls of your ship and prepare to die !
Details A game by : Locomalito
Music & sound : Gryzor87
Promo art : Marek Barej
Release date : June 3rd , 2010
Genre : Horizontal shmup
Development time : 3 years
June 3rd , 2010 Horizontal shmup3 years
About Hydorah is a non-linear horizontal shmup with a large library of levels , enemies and unique situations .
The difficulty is based on the 80s standards , so it requires practice in order to progress .
New weapons are unlocked as you progress through the campaing , while firepower can be increased during the missions .
Graphics are visually clean to favor the gameplay , but they 're highly polished to show the personality of each level in detail .
Gryzor87 used legendary synthesizers to create a huge soundtrack full of retro-futuristic , powerful and sometimes dark themes .
Levels design and music has been composed together , so they fit each other like a glove .
Features Look and feel of a 16 - 32 bit game .
16 levels divided into 27 sublevels .
30 bosses and more than 70 minor enemies .
Non-linear layout with route selection .
Dangers of different nature in each level ( more than bullets ) .
Unlockable weapons and power ups and in every mission .
Huge Soundtrack with 49 tracks .
Secret objects and a very special heroic ending .
12 screenshots
Influences Hydorah is the bastard son of a hundred classics .
It has the genes of big sagas like Gradius , R - Type , Darius or Turrican but also the ones of not so well - known titles like Enforcer , Space Manbow , Hellfire , X - Multiply , Guardian , Hydefos , Armalyte and more than 100 games from many platforms that have been thoroughly studied to distill the best of them .
Forty six days into their strike against the University of Puerto Rico ( UPR ) , students were occupying 11 of 12 UPR campuses despite heavy police monitoring and the UPR President ’s ultimatum to vacate the campuses by June 7 .
The largest university in the Caribbean , with 65,000 students , remains paralyzed as Wall Street bonds come due , public spending plummets , corruption allegations flourish , and public support remains steady .
The General Student Assembly , meeting April 13 at UPR ’s Rio Piedras campus , the strike epicenter , announced a 48 hour strike set for April 21 .
Students were responding to plans to hike tuition , cut employee salaries , and drop services .
With UPR debt obligations garnering wide attention , students demanded financial transparency .
Six months earlier , unions had carried out a general strike protesting cost - cutting dismissals of 20,000 public employees .
Stonewalled , students opted to continue their strike indefinitely .
In an effort to discredit excuses for student presence on campuses , Rector Ana Guadalupe closed them down until July 31 .
The students ’ National Negotiating Committee has periodically met with Board of Trustee representatives , to no avail .
At meetings June 2 and June 4 , UPR spokespersons did n’t budge from plans for tuition hikes of $ 1000 – $ 1500 per semester over three years aimed at covering $ 200 million in debt .
Cuts in salaries , university courses , professional services , supplies , and scholarships are imminent .
Earlier tuition increases had come with assurances of no further fee hikes during a student ’s tenure .
Some 45 percent of Puerto Ricans live in poverty .
Students continued with demands for no tuition increase , no sports and arts programs dropped , no sanctions due to strike participation , and no secret fiscal audits .
They called for university democracy and autonomy .
The New York publication “ Bond Buyer ” gained attention for reporting UPR obligations to financial markets of $ 569 million in one bond package , $ 71 million in new loans incurred last December , and another $ 78 million in bonds used to finance construction of the University Plaza complex , now privately owned .
The University needs $ 40 million in new loans to cover its July payroll .
Puerto Rico ’s government accounts for half the UPR annual $ 700 million budget .
For several years U.S. educational accrediting agencies have pressured authorities to privatize University operating costs .
Attention has focused on the UPR Board of Trustees .
That group of volunteer , private citizens allegedly absorbs $ 4 million annually to pay for secretaries , administrators , drivers and more .
Its executive secretary earns more than does the UPR president .
According to Claridad , the University ’s Central Administration , overflowing with “ politically recommended advisors and assistants , ” takes in an annual $ 16 million .
University scientists say funding reductions have crippled research projects and allowed infrastructure to deteriorate .
Students occupying buildings have busied themselves with discussions and strategizing .
They showed films , started gardens , picked up trash , listened to music , and discussed politics .
Family members , friends , and unionists provided food .
Reporting from Radio Huelga ( “ Strike Radio ” ) circulates nationwide .
On June 3 , some 200 students demonstrated in San Juan ’s financial district to protest Wall Street complicity in the University ’s financial dilemma .
Public worker unions launched a general strike on behalf of the striking students on May 18 .
Unions speaking out for the students include the Puerto Rican Association of University Professors , other teachers ’ unions , and the UGT union federation .
The Brotherhood of Non-Teaching University Employees pledged to strike should Governor Luis Fortuño resort to police force to remove students from university precincts .
Cuban solidarity with the students has been strong .
Independence hero Rafael Cancel Miranda spoke on their behalf on Cuban television , The Cubadebate web site has carried daily strike updates .
University of Havana students and professors sent a message of solidarity .
Famous Cuban singer Silvio Rodriguez , in concert in Puerto Rico on May 31 , dedicated a song to the students and had a message read referring to their “ right to education ’ and the “ beautiful page of progress for your country . ”
Taking a note of the death of a striking student , Cuban National Assembly President Ricardo Alarcon interrupted a speech on another subject .
He commended “ the youth and the people of Puerto Rico in giving birth to this beautiful battle for liberty and culture .
They make us see the future with optimism . ”
Photo : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#!/photo.php?pid=4074275&op=1&o=all&view=all&subj=107814452591615&aid=-1&oid=107814452591615&id=602851543
The BA spokesman stressed : " We had 75,000 unaccompanied children fly with us last year and it is an issue we take very seriously .
We look after these children as we have been given this responsibility by their parents . "
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Last Thursday , Ron Lieber ( who writes the “ Your Money ” column for The New York Times ) posted an innocuous little tweet :
This person will have book deal & Today show slot in 5 minutes .
RT @marypilon Personal finance blogger eats on $ 1 / day .
http://www.grocerycouponguide.com/articles/eating-well-on-1-a-day/
To translate into plain English , Jeffrey from the Grocery Coupon Guide blog undertook a little experiment last month .
In response to a challenge from his sister he “ ate well ” on just a buck a day , thanks largely to his awesome shopping skills and couponing prowess .
Because I love stories of extreme personal finance , and because I have n't highlighted one in a long time , I decided to take a closer look ; I spent an hour reading about his project .
Holy cats !
This fellow 's shopping abilities are insane .
If you do n't have time to read the entire series , at least check out day one , in which Jeffrey documents the things he bought to get the project started .
He photographed everything he purchased and every receipt , and describes exactly how you might be able to find similar discounts .
It 's great stuff .
( Near the end of his introductory post , he gives a sort of table of contents for the project so that you can jump to the day you want . )
On that first day , he picks up two boxes of instant oatmeal , some cream cheese and some sour cream , ten apples , four boxes of wheat thins , a jar of peanut butter , two cans of pork and beans , a bag of rice , and two packages of tortillas .
And he spent just $ 4.49 for all of this .
Here 's Jeffrey 's list of the ten things he learned while eating on $ 1 a day for a month :
Grocery shopping is a game .
If you 're willing to learn the rules of the game , you can save big bucks .
You can eat more than junk food on a dollar a day .
Yes , more money lets you make healthier choices , but you can still make good choices on a tight budget .
Drugstores can be a great place to get free food .
Because it 's so easy to save money playing the drugstore game , you can often score food for free .
If you do n't know what a catalina coupon is , you do n't know about the most powerful discounts available .
These coupons , which print at the cash register , can offer tremendous savings .
Generic and store - brand items are n't as cheap as you 'd think .
Their regular price may be less , but you 're not going to find coupons and discounts on them like you will on big national brands .
Most people do n't know how to shop to save .
They decide what they want and then go to the grocery store to buy those things .
To truly save , you need to build your meals around what 's on sale ( and what you have coupons for ) .
It 's possible to donate a lot of food while only eating on a buck a day .
It does n't take nearly as much time as you 'd imagine .
Yes , there 's a learning curve , but once you know what to do , it 's easy .
Finding coupons is the key .
The Sunday newspaper inserts are great , but Jeffrey says that the coupons you find in the stores themselves are often even better .
Anyone can do it .
And once you learn , you 'll save big bucks every time you shop .
On the final day of his project , Jeffrey summarized his purchases .
During the month of May , he spent $ 27.08 to purchase $ 597.96 worth of food .
And because of the goofy rules he agreed to with his sister , he ended up donating a bunch of stuff to his local food bank .
( The last post is entertaining because of the mistake he makes and then corrects ; it had me laughing out loud . )
I like that Jeffrey has a realistic attitude about this project .
While he thinks that anyone can do the same thing he 's doing , he also recognizes that living on a tight food budget puts you in a precarious position :
“ The problem with eating on a limited budget , when the unexpected happens … is that you can't just stop into a fast food joint and grab a bite . ”
Jeffrey was so pleased with the challenge that he decided to continue it .
For the past week , he 's been chronicling his continued efforts to eat well for less .
( Though he 's loosened some of the arbitrary restrictions he agreed to when he was trying to prove a point to his sister . )
I think it 's fun that his readers have started to give him tips and suggestions for finding other great bargains , which helps him keep his costs even lower !
Note :
Here are some past GRS stories about extreme personal finance :
One month as a freegan , How to pay off your mortgage in three years ,
The man without money , and the king of extremism , Don Schrader , who lives on $ 10 a day .
Also welcome Lifehacker readers !
Editor ’s note : Justin ’s column will return Wednesday .
Complain , complain , complain – that , it seems , is what anti-interventionists often seem content – or , rather , condemned – to do .
The world is in a bad state , and getting rapidly worse , this guy is evil , that one is a tool – all right already , my critics answer , but what are we gonna do about it ?
We know what you ’re against , but what , pray tell , are you for ?
I hear this a lot , and it makes my eyes roll back in my head .
After all , why , ‘ fer cryin ’ out loud , do I have to be for anything , aside from being left alone ?
On the other hand , these critics do have a point : an entirely negative program , while it can be emotionally satisfying – as well as entirely justified — has the great disadvantage of being inherently demoralizing .
If there ’s no solution to the problem , then it seems futile to rail against it : a positive agenda can be energizing .
That ’s why I ’m so enthusiastic about a bill Rep.
Alan Grayson – yes , that Alan Grayson – has offered in the House , H.R. 5353 , known as the " War is Making You Poor Act , " which would
Limit funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ,
Eliminate the federal income tax on the first $ 35,000 of every American ’s income ( $ 70,000 for married couples ) , and
Cut the Federal deficit by $ 159 billion .
During the Bush years , war funding was " off budget " – a bit of fiscal trickery that masks the real costs of these conflicts – and the Obama crowd promised to put an end to that practice .
However , so far the Obama -ites are going the Bush route of submitting " emergency " supplementals to our misnamed " defense " budget in order to cover the costs of the campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan .
This time around the " emergency " funding comes to $ 159 billion : H.R. 5353 would eliminate that entirely and make our solons fund their war out of the remaining $ 549 billion earmarked for the Department of Defense .
Simple , clean , and clearly illustrating how our elected representatives fool us — and themselves — into believing the costs of their wars are less than they really are , the four - page bill already has bipartisan support .
As Grayson points out on his web site , " the original cosponsors , who joined to support the bill even before it was filed , are Reps. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) and Walter B. Jones ( R- NC ) , as well as two committee chairs ( Veterans ’ Affairs Committee Chair Bob Filner and Judiciary Committee Chair John Conyers ) , plus peace proponents Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) , Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) , and Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) . "
Grayson is no Don Quixote on a one man crusade : there is plenty of disaffection with the war in Congress , especially among Democrats and increasingly from Republicans , and his bill could easily galvanize it – given support from the voting public .
Let ’s be clear : the $ 549 billion figure is , by itself , more than all the other nations of the world combined spend on defense .
The $ 159 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan is over and above that exorbitant sum .
We spend five times more than China , ten times more than Russia , and the first runners - up in this spending extravaganza are our NATO allies , who are n’t likely to be attacking us any time soon .
So what ’s the purpose of all this spending ?
What is it buying us ?
Well , it ’s buying a lot of value for the shareholders of the companies that make up what Dwight Eisenhower called the " military industrial complex . "
It ’s garnering lots of hefty campaign contributions for their congressional amen corner – remember that Eisenhower ’s original phraseology was the " military - industrial - congressional complex . "
It is also buying us an overseas empire that is more trouble than it ’s worth , but you do n’t have to buy intothe complete anti-interventionist shtick in order to support this bill : all it asks is that that US government stay within its budget and make the kinds of cuts and bows to fiscal austerity that we all have to make in these hard times .
The energy and resources it takes to produce weapons of war constitute a net drain on the civilian economy : our attention and capital are diverted away from productive work and into a project that can only end in the destruction or quick obsolescence of the end product .
Missiles are launched , and self - destruct .
Helicopter gunships crash , and burn .
Rifles jam , and are discarded .
Warships , fighter planes , flak jackets , counterinsurgency strategies – all become obsolete with dizzying rapidity , in part because that ’s the nature of human warfare , and also because it ’s planned that way .
In short , war , quite aside from its dubious moral justification , is a losing proposition economically – and a policy of perpetual war , such as we are now committed to , is economic suicide .
A nation cannot drain the lifeblood from its veins indefinitely .
As the world economy teeters on the brink , and our once matchless productive forces are having a collective fainting fit , what we need is a major transfusion .
H.R. 5353 will revive the economy , and send the Obama regime a very strong message : enough is enough !
I know I ’ve been pretty hard on my progressive and liberal readers lately , in part because , after all , it ’s your guy who ’s in power , and your guys ( and gals ) who have a congressional majority .
So I ’m glad to proffer a change of pace and say : Alan Grayson is one progressive who definitely " gets it . "
He ’s not only good on foreign policy , for the most part , he also understands the key role played by the Federal Reserve in redistributing the wealth from the people to the elites , and its crucial part in maintaining the empire .
That ’s why he was one of the first co-sponsors of Rep.
Ron Paul ’s historic bill to audit the Fed , and raise the curtain on this mysterious instrument of organized thievery : he ’s no libertarian , to be sure , but at least he understands how power works in this country , and how the powerful use the instrument of government to keep their privileges , pelf , and perks .
As the Obama cult drains the energy from the Left , and renders it impotent , it ’s good to see there are still signs of life in that seemingly infertile terrain .
This is something to be cultivated .
As the tendrils of dissent rise up and blossom into active opposition to the status quo , perhaps we ’ll see a new " Prague Spring " which will free us from the rigid left - right , progressive - libertarian , red state / blue state paradigm that freezes thought , divides the antiwar community , and gives the War Party free rein to rampage over half the earth .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Monday ’s column , entitled " Our Enemies , the Israelis , " may have caused some confusion : the title does n’t really communicate ( to non-libertarians , at least ) my exact meaning .
What I meant to say is that the Israeli government , as opposed to the Israeli people , is increasingly at odds with the US , and might even be classed as an enemy – in the sense that their actions have thwarted American interests in the Middle East .
This has been objectively true ever since the end of the cold war , but it ’s clear , to me at least , that the current Israeli leadership is increasingly conscious of this adversarial relationship , and is acting like the enemies they have become .
The Biden ambush is the best example , so far , although one could make an argument that the attack on the Gaza flotilla was an indirect way of pursuing this same anti-American agenda .
Via their self - isolating violence and intransigence , the Israelis are demanding that we choose between them and the rest of the civilized world — and if we make the " wrong " choice , who ’s to say what their reaction might be ?
My last column , covering the arrest of SPC Bradley Manning , an Army intelligence analyst who leaked the " Collateral Murder " video posted by Wikileaks , called on my readers to organize an effort to free him , and , although I ca n’t take credit ( or responsibility ) for it , there are already some indications that a " Free Bradley " movement is taking off .
I count at least three Facebook pages devoted to the cause .
In addition , I have personally received a number of inquiries asking what concrete actions people can take .
I would urge all those concerned about this important – and potentially earth - shattering – case to 1 ) Write your representatives in Congress , briefly giving the facts and asking them to look into the matter , 2 ) Once a legal defense fund is established , contribute to it ( and , no , I do n’t know if or when such a fund is going to be set up , but I refer you to the Facebook pages above , where such information is bound to be posted ) , and 3 ) Continue to support Antiwar.com , which is , as far as I know , the only web site with a substantial readership taking up Manning ’s cause .
Furthermore , and most importantly , you should follow this story : there is a veritable army of online " operators , " including some so - called journalists , who are busy conducting what looks to me like an organized effort to smear Manning : he ’s " confused , " " violent , " " despondent , " etc. ad nauseam .
Manning , locked up in Kuwait without even being charged ( as yet ) , ca n’t answer the smear brigade as they carry out their Cass Sunstein - likecampaign .
But you can counter them in the comments section of the " hi tech " media , which is covering this story with a pronounced pro-government bias ( especially over at Wired , which seems more and more like an arm of the Department of Defense ) .
I do n’t know if these " journalists " and " ex- hackers " are on the government ’s payroll , but they need to be countered , i.e. told off in no uncertain terms .
So go to it – and I ’ll see you online !
LONDON — A drug manufactured from cannabis went on sale in the U.K.
Monday as a treatment for symptoms of multiple sclerosis .
Sativex , which is made from cannabis plants grown at secret locations in England by developer GW Pharmaceuticals PLC , is the first prescription drug made from cannabis to officially go on sale anywhere in the world .
It offers legal access to the beneficial effects of an illegal drug that thousands of multiple - sclerosis sufferers have smoked in an attempt to relieve their pain .
It ...
This Easter , many of Australia ’s church leaders abandoned their traditional Easter messages to issue dire warnings about the imminent onslaught of the heathen hoards .
Last month ’s Global Atheist Convention attracted 2,500 people and a torrent of publicity and it is clear that atheism is a dragon these holier - than - thou heroes are eager to slay .
Ironically , Australia ’s atheist dragon was happily asleep in its cave until the persistent political posturing of religious institutions poked and prodded it into a fiery response .
In effect , Australia ’s clergy are oiling up their rusty armour and mounting their sway - backed nags to battle a monster of their own creation .
It seems that that while Cardinal Pell , Archbishop Jensen , Bishop Fisher , Reverend Moyes and theologian , Scott Stephens are ardent supporters of freedom of religion , they ’re not so big on freedom from religion .
For years now , Australian churches have been quietly insinuating their way into our political and educational institutions .
The now ( presumably defunct ) Lyons Forum became an influential conservative Christian faction within the Howard Government .
Meanwhile , Prime Minister Howard and Deputy PM Costello happily kowtowed to the prejudices of the religious right in return for the bloc votes of the mega- churches .
The new Liberal Party leader , Tony Abbott has boasted publicly that the eight Catholics in the Howard cabinet were influential in stemming the tide of secular humanism through that Government ’s decisions to overturn the Northern Territory ’s euthanasia law , ban gay marriage , stop the ACT heroin trial and try to reduce abortion numbers through [ Christian ] pregnancy support counselling .
For Abbott , the [ Catholic driven ] DLP is alive and well and living inside the Liberal / National Coalition .
The Christian agenda is transparent .
The Australian Christian Lobby openly admits their mission is to ensure that Christian principles and ethics influence the way Australians are governed .
Similarly , the National Alliance of Christian Leaders argue that Christian moral values and ideals must become the prevailing standard of the culture .
The Family First Party , heavily weighted with Pentecostals , wields its influence in the Australian Senate and the Legislative Councils of New South Wales and South Australia .
Even the Exclusive Brethren cult has privileged access to our parliamentarians through accredited lobbyists – thanks , in part , to the sponsorship of Reverend Moyes .
The insidious reach of the religious right seems even to have penetrated the Australian Labor Party – once the bastion of Australian secularism .
Despite Rudd branding the Exclusive Brethren a dangerous cult , his government has ploughed millions of tax - payers dollars into funding schools which isolate the children of the cultists from the wider community .
More millions have gone into expanding Howard ’s ill - conceived school chaplaincy scheme which installs largely unqualified evangelists into a state school system
which is , supposedly , secular .
While Prime Minister Rudd happily attended the Australian Christian Lobby ’s conference in November , he failed even to respond to invitations to attend the Global Atheist Convention in March – does the ALP now represent only Christian Australians ?
Economically , Australians buckle under high state , federal and local property taxes as they carry the burden for the billions of dollars not paid by churches .
The Catholic Church , for example , earns more than $ 15 billion dollars a year in revenue from various profit - making ventures but pays not a skerrick of tax .
It owns more than $ 100 billion worth of property but pays no rates .
The ordinary punters , ‘ working families ’ as the Prime Minister is so fond of saying , pick up the slack .
We are not just talking about exemptions for charities here – the Catholic Church has a vast financial empire including private schools , aged - care homes and hostels , hospitals , superannuation funds , insurance companies , a multi-storey carpark and a vineyard .
Profits from these enterprises are not taxed and there is no requirement for the church to show how the profits are disbursed .
Similarly , Hillsong Church rakes in over $ 40 million a year – untaxed .
How much of that goes to actual charitable causes and how much goes towards proselytizing and Pastor Brian Houston ’s property holdings on Bondi Beach ?
No -one knows .
Less than 7.5 % of Australians attend Church on a regular basis ( Zuckerman , 2005 ) .
Probably close to 50 % or more have no real interest in religion beyond claiming a nominal affiliation with the church into which they were baptized on the quinquennial census form .
And yet , we forego billions of tax dollars to support institutions which are intent on infiltrating our political and education systems and imposing their particular religious values on to the rest of us – whether we like it or not .
And what are these ‘ Christian values ’ religious lobbyists wish to promote ?
At least 80 % of Australians believe the terminally ill should be free to choose a medically assisted death while the Catholic Church prides itself on having vetoed that right through its political influence .
Jim Wallace from the Australian Christian Lobby would like to see women stripped of their reproductive rights by outlawing abortion .
Tony Abbott argues that Jesus would have turned away boat people .
Churches consistently seek exemptions from anti-discrimination laws , so that they may continue to discriminate against their fellow Australians on the basis of their gender , sexual orientation , religion or marital status .
Polls consistently show that Australians are vehemently opposed to compulsory internet filtering while , under the influence of the Australian Christian Lobby , the Labor Party stubbornly persists with a policy which has earned international condemnation .
But it is we atheists who are now accused of being ‘ morally bankrupt ’ .
Yes , we godless infidels who argue for freedom of speech , freedom from religion as well as freedom of religion , equality – regardless of gender , sexual orientation or religious affiliation ( or lack thereof ) , the right of children to grow up without religious indoctrination and the right of women and the terminally ill to have dominion over their own bodies – we are accused of having no values .
Little wonder that 2,500 people attended the recent Global Atheist Convention and that membership in Australia ’s many atheist organizations is booming .
Little wonder that atheists , once content to sleep in quietly on Sundays , have been prodded into action and are now standing up and shouting , “ No more ! ” Little wonder that atheists and secularists are uniting and mobilizing politically in order to fight back against the incipient influence of an unrepresentative conservative religious minority .
We have seen the long - term damage caused to America ’s political , legal and education systems by a politicized religious right : a supreme court stacked with conservative Christian judges ; an evangelical President who defied the UN to take his ( and our ) nation to war based on his conviction that ‘ Gog and Magog ’ were at work in the Middle East ; court cases over the teaching of creationism in public schools ; and a population increasingly riven by sectarian differences .
Is that what we want for Australia ?
Australia ’s religious institutions have pushed their luck too far .
They have taken advantage of Australians ’ political apathy to push their agendas and their values on to a largely secular public while relying on us to fund the assault on our freedoms through billions of dollars in tax exemptions !
They have poked and prodded and intruded upon our supposedly secular government and education systems , assuming that the apathetic atheist dragon would merely raise one sleepy eyelid and return to its rest .
They were wrong .
They have pushed us too far .
Secular and non-religious Australians are beginning to speak out and fight back and , for that , we are accused of being ‘ morally bankrupt ’ , communistic , and akin to Nazis .
These outrageous insults are the last refuge of those who can see their empires crumbling around them .
Australian atheism and secularism is growing apace because the churches have overstepped the mark .
Public opinion is rising against the churches .
The dragon they have awoken will not be defeated by the ineffectual huffing and puffing of the clergy .
A fire has been started , and it is spreading fast .
The dragon is awake and the churches have only themselves to blame .
Chrys Stevenson
Reference :
Zuckerman , Phil ( 2005 ) , Atheism : Contemporary Rates and Patterns , Cambridge University Press
Keyword research happens to be one of the most imperative tasks in SEO .
Of course , you cannot leave link building and copywriting behind but it would be a mistake to put keyword research at the last of your priorities .
In fact , some experts believe that this should come first .
When creating affiliate sites , you might find a great deal of importance in selecting which keywords to employ and what competition levels to expect with this imperative .
This area of search engine optimization can be really tricky for some .
What is keyword research
We are talking about a process of looking for words or phrases that people often use to search for something online .
This concept is backed up by a psychological understanding that what we type into the search boxes of search engines is not a product of random thought but rather an effect of our background , say language and habits .
The way we search depends upon certain patterns and most people associate their searches with what ’s popular — fads , latest gadgets , news stories , education and recent developments in fashion and technology .
Like most of the processes encompassed in SEO , keyword research is not a one - off technique that is employed just at the start because the way people search Google or Yahoo changes over time .
As new developments , discoveries , improvements , products , and news arise , so do keywords .
And because of this , the search for new effective keywords is a weekly task .
When understood in the right depth , the set of keywords for a given website gives a thorough understanding of the behavior of people who belong to your market .
This knowledge is worth a fortune for website owners who place incremental website traffic at the top of their priorities .
Throwing a whole bunch of related keywords on a page does n’t work either because people are the soul judges of your content in the end .
That ’s why link bait get ’s such a good wrap .
It ’s a whole other article and while I ’m thinking on it , here ’s a link to more on link bait .
How search volume of keywords affect SEO
Some groups of words are more popular than others .
That is , they are being searched more often on Google , for instance .
When you look for popular key terms and phrases , you are given a list of items and their corresponding search volume on a particular search engine .
Now , this gives you an idea about what words to optimize on .
But there ’s another problem , popular key phrases are used by many websites , which also rank their pages using those terms .
This is where the competition lies , and it ’s your job to make sure you stand a chance against competing websites .
In a number of cases , new websites may evade a big deal of competition by opting for the next few popular keywords or long tail keyword phrases to have a better chance at ranking higher .
All these considerations can make search engine optimization a taxing process .
What factors influence the effectiveness of a keyword or key phrase
1. Volume of searches – General and broad terms usually have high search volumes because people begin their search typing general terms like chocolate , lingerie , wrist watches , perfumes , etc .
While many people key in these words , by this time , so many companies have exploited these terms ; and if you are to use them for your own website , you would be up against a great deal of competition .
The more reasonable option is to check out the next terms on the list .
2. Number or volume of title tags and anchor text wherein the keyword appears –
This is another crucial factor in discerning which terms to use .
Generally , the higher the search volume of a keyword , the more webpages would certainly contain that keyword .
When there are too many web pages that use the keyword , you also would be facing tough competition with that key term .
However , there are terms that are often looked up by many people but are n’t yet extensively used in different content pages .
3 . Your target market profile – Being the business person that you are , you should be concerned about the kind of market you have even if you are doing your business online .
This is an important consideration .
The keywords to use depend on your target market since certain groups of people would tend to look for certain items , products , services , and information .
… hope that was helpful to someone ,
Ray Baker
Internal documents reveal criminal negligence
Obama administration ’s “ escrow ” account will shelter BP
By Tom Eley
16 June 2010
As more evidence comes to light showing that BP disregarded basic safety considerations at its Deepwater Horizon drill site , it has become clear that the Obama administration ’s move to create an escrow account to compensate victims is a maneuver to shield the corporation and its top shareholders .
According to law , there is potentially no cap to liability for damages if criminal negligence can be proven .
A mountain of evidence proves this is in fact the case .
This includes internal BP documents and memos released by the House Energy and Commerce Committee this week .
Written in the days before the explosion , the documents reveal that the company knowingly disregarded concerns over safety in the rig ’s drill capping operations .
The rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers and creating one of the worst environmental catastrophes in history .
“ We found a pattern , ” concluded committee chair Rep. Henry Waxman ( Democrat , California ) in an accompanying letter .
“ Every time [ BP ] had a decision to make they decided to cut corners ; to do things faster than they otherwise should have been done ; to do it less expensively and the consequence of this , as one independent expert told us , was horribly negligent .
They violated what their own employees were recommending they do , they violated their own industry practices and they ignored the recommendation of contractors who told them to do certain tests to avoid safety concerns . ”
BP made at least five dangerous cost - cutting decisions in the days and hours before the explosion , the committee found .
“ Time after time , it appears that BP made decisions that increased the risk of a blowout to save the company time or expense , ” the letter to Hayward stated .
“ If this is what happened , BP ’s carelessness and complacency have inflicted a heavy toll on the Gulf , its inhabitants , and the workers on the rig . ”
Among other negligent acts , BP chose to use a well tubing design that left few barriers against the eruption of gas .
This was despite an internal review prepared in mid-April which warned that such a design would leave the seal assembly on the wellhead as the “ only barrier ” in the event of cement failure — and even though an internal BP study had predicted cement failure .
“ Cement simulations indicate it is unlikely to be a successful cement job due to formation breakdown , ” BP wrote days before the blast .
“ Despite this warning ... BP did not run a 9 - to 12 - hour procedure called a cement bond log to assess the integrity of the cement seal ” or bond log , the House Committee commented .
“ BP had a crew from [ contractor ]
Schlumberger on the rig on the morning of April 20 for the purpose of running a cement bond log , but they departed after BP told them their services were not needed .
An independent expert consulted by the Committee called this decision ‘ horribly negligent . ’ ”
More damning revelations emerged related to the process of placing centralizers , which insure that tubing is centered in the well bore .
If the tubing is placed incorrectly , experts say it is difficult or impossible to properly replace mud at the time of well capping , increasing the chances of blowout .
The industry standard is to use 21 centralizers — also the number suggested by contractor Halliburton for the Deepwater Horizon — but BP chose to use only six .
Four days before the explosion , Halliburton warned BP that if it proceeded as planned the well would have a “ SEVERE gas flow problem . ”
BP responded by stating that putting in place additional centralizers would take too long .
“ It will take 10 hours to install them , ” a BP representative wrote .
“ I do not like this . ”
Another BP official acknowledged the risks related to using few centralizers , but concluded , “ who cares , it ’s done , end of story , will probably be fine . ”
The House Energy Committee also found that BP skipped over recommended testing of heavy mud circulation in the well , which requires at most 12 hours , and that it bypassed placing an extra seal known as a “ lockdown sleeve ” that might have prevented a blowout .
It found further evidence that company officials were aware of the dangers .
One engineer even referred to the operation as “ a nightmare well . ”
Dozens of similarly negligent decisions were made dating back to the planning and environmental risk assessment of the drilling site , as numerous government documents , investigative reports , and worker testimony have revealed .
Most of these decisions — including several in the lead - up to the blast — were approved by Obama administration regulators , especially the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) of the Department of the Interior .
Any serious investigation of the BP Gulf spill would turn up further evidence of government culpability in the disaster — and would expose the dire safety conditions under which scores of oil rigs continue to operate .
The ongoing revelations of BP ’s negligence expose the content of Obama ’s plan for an escrow account , of an as yet unstated funding level , that would be administered by a supposedly independent third party .
BP will likely go along with the plan — “ provided that it has certain assurances , ” the Washington Post notes .
At a Wednesday meeting in the White House , BP CEO Tony Hayward and Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg will ask Obama to impose “ a limit to its liability ” and see to it that the “ escrow account [ is ] administered by someone the company can trust . ”
Indeed , whatever the escrow account ’s value — reports vary from $ 5 billion to over $ 20 billion — it will serve to shield BP from the real financial damages the spill has caused , which could be upwards of $ 1 trillion and far surpass the London - based firm ’s market capitalization .
After the Exxon Valdez disaster , Congress passed the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , which capped at $ 75 million oil firms ’ total liability for economic and environmental damages to private parties .
The paltry sum was not indexed for inflation and remains at the same level .
However , legal experts say that the cap does not apply to spills caused by criminal negligence .
Given the overwhelming evidence of BP ’s willful disregard for standard and legally - mandated safety and environmental procedures , BP could face years of lawsuits from those affected — fishermen , small business owners , oil industry workers , and even home owners .
Obama ’s escrow account proposal seeks to forestall this possibility while mollifying popular anger .
The US corporate elite , predictably , responded with hostility to Obama ’s latest gesture — which came after a week of bitter denunciations from British financial circles over supposedly “ irresponsible ” criticism of BP by US politicians .
On Monday , markets sent lower by 9 percent BP shares , which have now fallen by almost half since the explosion .
On Tuesday , Fitch Ratings downgraded BP ’s credit rating from AA to BBB , just above junk status , citing the possibility of a $ 20 billion escrow account .
The cost of insuring $ 10 million in BP debt rose to $ 515,000 from $ 424,000 .
BP ’s bond yields simultaneously increased by more than three percentage points , to 10.847 percent , triggering “ buy ” recommendations from financial analysts skeptical that BP will be allowed to enter bankruptcy .
“ As a bondholder all you really care about is that they stay in business , ” Keith Springer , president of Capital Financial Advisory Services told the Wall Street Journal .
“ Once this is over , they ’re going to be a viable company . ”
More likely than bankruptcy is a scenario in which BP ’s shareholders would be protected by the absorption of the company by another oil major , such as Exxon Mobil or Shell — who are “ licking their chops ” over the prospect , according to the New York Times ’ Andrew Ross Sorkin .
Sorkin speculated that BP ’s oil spill liabilities could then be dumped into a “ Bad BP , ” but Obama ’s escrow account may make such a step unnecessary .
Such commercial calculations no doubt played a role in the Congressional testimony given by executives of Exxon , Shell , ConocoPhillips , and Chevron , who joined Lamar McKay , BP ’s head of US operations , before the House Energy Committee .
The other oil majors left McKay to fend for himself , each indicating that the disaster resulted from BP departing from industry norms .
“ This incident represents a dramatic departure from industry norms in deepwater drilling , ” said Rex Tillerson , CEO of the world ’s largest oil firm , Exxon .
“ We do not proceed with operations if we cannot do so safely . ”
The chance to further weaken a wounded rival dovetailed with the effort to portray offshore oil drilling as safe and the disaster as a one - off accident .
Under questioning the oil executives admitted that they are no better prepared to deal with a deep - sea spill than BP .
“ Like BP in its much - ridiculed disaster plan , the companies listed the phone number of a long - dead marine scientist and raised concerns about protecting walruses — not found in the gulf , ” noted the Guardian .
The Deepwater Horizon disaster is no more an accident than the implosion of financial markets two years ago that has led to the worst economic and social crisis since the Great Depression .
In both cases , the decades - long promotion of the “ free market , ” the subordination of the productive forces to the profit demands of the corporate and financial elite , and the gutting of regulations created conditions that , sooner or later , would inevitably lead to disaster .
President Obama goes one - on - one with Larry King Thursday night to talk about the oil spill , economic turmoil and war .
Do n't miss the president on " Larry King Live , " 9 p.m. ET tonight only on CNN .
Venice , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- Kindra Arnesen 's husband often calls while he's out on a shrimping trip , so she was n't surprised to hear her cell phone ring the night of April 29 while he was on an overnight fishing expedition .
However , this time , her husband , David , was n't calling to tell her about the day 's catch or to wish their children Aleena and David Jr. a good night .
He was calling to tell her he was sick , and the strange thing about it , so were men on the seven other shrimping boats working near his .
" I received several calls from him saying , ' This one 's hanging over the boat throwing up .
This one says he 's dizzy , and he 's feeling faint .
Everybody 's loading up their stuff , tying up their rigs and going back to the docks , ' " Arnesen remembers .
Arnesen believes it was vapors from the oil and the dispersants from the BP Gulf oil disaster that made her husband and the other shrimpers sick .
She says they were downwind of it , and the smell was " so strong they could almost taste it . "
For several weeks , she hesitated to talk publicly about it .
Like many fishermen who can no longer fish in the Gulf , her husband has signed a contract to work with BP to clean up the oil , and she does n't want to bite the hand that puts food on her family 's table .
Full coverage : Gulf Coast oil disaster
But now Arnesen , a 32 - year - old " uneducated housewife " -- her words -- is breaking her silence and is encouraging others in her community do the same .
After attending a lecture by Rikki Ott , a toxicologist who 's worked with families affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , Arnesen decided to organize other wives to ask questions about the safety of working near the oil .
Her cell phone rings constantly .
" Hey , Theresa , how you doing ? " she said , taking a call Tuesday morning .
" Can you come to the meeting tonight ? "
But Theresa can't come to the meeting , and Arnesen has come to expect such a response .
" People do n't want to talk .
They 're scared , " she says , of repercussions and consequences from BP .
" Our financial situation lays in the palm of their hands . "
" I do n't believe in coincidence . "
When David Arnesen reported that the other men were so sick they were cutting their shrimping trips short and heading home , his wife knew something strange was happening .
Shrimpers work through illness , she says , because a trip cut short can cost a shrimper thousands of dollars .
She says the men had all the same symptoms at the same time -- vomiting , dizziness , headaches , shortness of breath .
Could it be a coincidence ?
" I do n't believe in coincidence .
It would be one thing if one of them got sick .
It would maybe be OK if two got sick , " she says .
" When everyone 's getting sick all at the same time , that 's not coincidence "
When asked at a news conference Sunday about people getting sick while out on the Gulf , BP CEO Tony Hayward had his own theory .
" Food poisoning is clearly a big issue , " HE said .
" It 's something we 've got to be very mindful of . "
Arnesen says there 's no way her husband and the men on the other boats had fallen victim to food poisoning , noting the men were on eight boats and did n't eat the same food .
The night her husband became ill , Arnesen says , she tried to get him to come home like the other shrimpers , but he refused .
He stayed out fishing from 6 p.m. until 9 a.m. the next morning , and came home so sick he collapsed into his recliner without eating dinner or saying hello to her or the children .
" It 's a nasty cough .
I literally woke him up over and over again , " she says .
" It did n't sound like he was getting enough air .
At first , David refused to see a doctor , but after three weeks of coughing and feeling weak , he agreed to go .
His wife says he was diagnosed with respiratory problems and prescribed medicines , including an antibiotic and cough medicines .
She says while he 's feeling better , he still does n't have the energy he used to have .
" Here we are over a month later and he 's still not completely well , " she says .
Masks and marshes
Since CNN aired a story about her Tuesday night , Kindra Arnesen says she 's received phone calls from as far away as Texas from people wanting to team up with her to protect coastal communities from the oil .
One of her immediate goals is to persuade BP to give its workers masks .
Graham MacEwen , a spokesman for BP , says the company is n't providing masks because their air monitoring shows there 's no health threats to workers .
He denied Arnesen 's accusations that BP has prevented workers from wearing their own masks , saying workers may do so as long as they read training materials on how to use a mask safely .
Arnesen is also working to have BP fund an effort to put sandbags along the marshes in her area to keep the oil out .
( Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal announced Wednesday that the White House has ordered BP to fund Louisiana 's plan to dredge up walls of sand along its coast . )
Arnesen says she is indeed scared that her husband will lose his job now that she 's speaking out .
" Am I scared ?
Yes , " she said .
" Anything that ever starts , starts with one .
And if I have to be the one then I have to be the one , " she says .
CNN 's Trisha Henry and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .
Image caption Scots scientists will look into why honey bee numbers are declining
Scientists at a Scottish university are to investigate the mystery of what is killing off honey and bumble bees .
The new research by Dundee University will look into whether pesticides are harming the brains of the bees .
The bee population has fallen by up to 15 % over the two years to April 2009 , while the population of butterflies and other insects is also down .
Bees are vital in the food chain as crop pollinators and it is feared their decline will impact on food production .
Researchers have been given £ 1.8 m to examine if pesticides have affected the brain function of bees and whether they have damaged things like their navigation and foraging skills .
Brain activity
With the help of the Scottish Beekeepers Association , the Dundee scientists are expected to radio tag bees as part of the three - year study .
They are also due to work closely with their colleagues at Royal Holloway Hospital , London , the University of Newcastle and University College London .
Dr Chris Connolly , who is head of the research team , said he would be looking into the hypothesis that pesticides , while not killing bees , are affecting their life span and cognitive abilities .
He explained : " Many insecticides work by interfering with information flow in the brains of insects - either increasing or decreasing their brain activity .
" We will be looking at whether chronic exposure to chemicals used to control mites , combined with levels of agricultural pesticides that are not themselves lethal , may act together to magnify their affects on bee brain function . "
Dr Connolly added : " It is believed that pesticides , when present in isolation , at the levels thought to exist in the environment , do not kill bees .
" Our hypothesis is that these chemicals may have a synergistic effect on the brain function of bees . "
According to a Eurobarometer survey , a majority of people do n't trust scientists .
The only way to reverse this trend is for academics to step up their efforts to communicate with the public , writes Eoin Lettice
Despite World Cup and Wimbledon fever , a survey published this week suggests that more Europeans are interested in scientific discoveries and technological developments than are interested in sport .
According to the latest Eurobarometer survey for the European Commission , 80 % are interested in science and technology whereas 65 % are interested in sport .
However , the same survey found that 57 % think scientists should be doing more to communicate their work to the general public and 66 % believe governments should do more to interest young people in scientific issues .
Europeans overwhelmingly recognise the benefits of science , but many also express fears about risks from new technologies and the power that knowledge gives to scientists .
An alarming 58 % of respondents across the European Union agreed that :
" We can no longer trust scientists to tell the truth about controversial scientific and technological issues because they depend more and more on money from industry . "
The figure falls to 49 % for UK respondents .
Given the tough news delivered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the budget on Wednesday and likely cuts in R&D funding to be announced in the autumn spending review , industry might well be expected to step into the breach and provide more cash .
This raises the question : will the British and wider European public be happy about more money from big business paying for scientific research ?
This survey suggests the answer is no , but at the same time the public is hardly likely to demand higher taxes to pay for purely government - sponsored science .
Worrying too is the finding that 53 % of European respondents ( 46 % of UK respondents ) agree with the statement that , because of their knowledge , scientists " have a power that makes them dangerous " .
Not potentially dangerous , notice , but dangerous .
When you take into account the 23 % who did n't know or who neither agreed or disagreed , the survey suggests that just 24 % of EU citizens believe that scientists are not dangerous .
Some consolation can be taken from the fact that in the equivalent Eurobarometer survey in 2005 , 59 % of EU respondents ( 58 % in the UK ) thought scientists were dangerous .
According to the latest survey , a majority believe that scientists do not put enough effort into informing the public about new developments in science and technology ( 57 % of EU respondents and 56 % of UK respondents ) .
The majority of EU citizens ( 63 % of respondents ) feel that scientists working in university or government laboratories are best qualified to explain scientific and technological developments .
Just 32 % believe that scientists working in industry are best placed and a mere 16 % of respondents ( 14 % in the UK ) that newspaper journalists are best equipped to discuss such developments .
Compared with 2005 , there has been a noticeable shift towards trusting scientists in academia or the public services to explain science and technology ( up 19 percentage points in the UK ) and away from newspaper journalists ( down 9 percentage points in the UK ) .
Commenting on the findings , EU research , innovation and science commissioner Máire Geoghegan - Quinn said :
" The success of the Europe 2020 strategy depends on cutting - edge science to keep Europe competitive .
In turn , that means ordinary Europeans need to back science and keep the pressure up on government and on industry to invest in it .
These results show a very high awareness of the importance of science .
But they also show that both politicians – like me – and scientists themselves need to explain better what we are doing and why . "
Overall , the survey shows that European citizens are optimistic about the benefits of science and technology for the economy .
Some 75 % of respondents agree or tend to agree that thanks to science and technology there will be more opportunities for future generations .
However , there has been a shift towards greater scepticism about science 's impact on people 's lives compared with the 2005 survey .
For example , when presented with the statement " Science and technology make our lives healthier , easier and more comfortable " , 78 % of EU respondents agreed in 2005 , whereas 66 % agreed in 2010 .
On the evidence of this survey , this scepticism can only be reduced if more scientists , in particular those in academia , make a greater effort to communicate their work to the general public .
As Peter Fiske wrote in Nature earlier this year :
" Scientists must communicate about their work – to other scientists , sponsors of their research and the general public ... searching for opportunities to give talks and lectures – and seeking audiences that are outside one 's immediate sphere of scientific influence .
" Many scientists are incredulous at how little the general public knows about science and technology , but scientists do little to address the gap in understanding .
Most think that their successes in the lab are manifestly evident , making education about the value of their work unnecessary .
Few ever communicate with their elected officials .
With the public footing most of the bill , this misguided belief seems naive and undermines those who campaign for more funding .
" Excellent work is a prerequisite for career progress , but is not sufficient by itself .
Broadcasting one 's accomplishments and exercising the ' active voice ' in all aspects of one 's work is the best way to earn notice , gain recognition and make the public at large aware of the value of the scientific enterprise . "
Eoin Lettice is a lecturer in the School of Biological , Earth & Environmental Sciences at University College Cork , Ireland .
He also writes the Communicate Science blog where the original version of this article appears
Wrap your head around this one : a 150 - button guitar peripheral .
That 's for the pro version of Rock Band 3 , whose goal is to actually turn the controllers into something more fitting of actual musicianship in a separate , more advanced " Pro " mode ( the core game is still intact for those want it ) .
First up is the aforementioned two - octave keyboard / keytar , whose difficulty goes from pressing within one of five ranges to actual dead - on notes .
For drums , the three cymbals can now actually function as separate notes , sharing three lanes but given their own shape to know which to hit .
Guitar , however , is a whole new beast .
A $ 150 Fender Mustang pro ( pictured up top ) boasts 17 frets and 6 strings of accurate placement for a total of 102 buttons , and six nylon strings that must be plucked individually .
Of course , if that hits the uncanny valley of plastic peripherals too closely , there 's a Rock Band 3 Squier Stratocaster that 'll be coming out that can actually be used as a real guitar or a Pro model .
Vocal melodies from Beatles Rock Band carry over here .
No concrete release date ; head on over to new Joystiq for the preview , or if you want to see true trendsetters , watch Devo predict this game all the way from 1982 -- that video's after the break .
Click to view
XCOM , the bastardization of everything I love and hold dear in the fabled 90s game series , looks like it could be worth some attention .
Advertisement
OK , maybe I 'm being a bit overly harsh , but I want my turn - based strategy game dammit .
If you can get over the fact that really , this could have been called anything other than XCOM and be the same game , than maybe you 'll enjoy the trailer .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " I 'd like to waste the better part of my afternoon trying to upgrade my phone . "
Dilbert says , " I 'll just set up my sport chair , and use my laptop while you mumble and stare at your monitor for what seems like forever . "
Dilbert says , " Look at me !
I 'm beating your system ! "
Man says , " Quiet !
I 'm trying to stare . "
Transcript :
Granddad : So ... there 's been a lot in the news about ... you know ... San Francisco and ... people ... getting married .
Are you boys confused at all ?
Do you have any ... questions ?
Riley : I 'm confused about something .
Granddad : Okay .
Riley : How the heck is Arnold Schwarzenegger the governor of California ?
A 51 - year - old British grandmother could be killed by lethal injection in less than three months unless her family and campaigners succeed in a last - ditch attempt to gain clemency from the governor of Texas .
Linda Carty , a drug enforcement agency undercover agent , has spent the last eight years on death row after being convicted of planning a macabre murder .
The supreme court has now refused to reopen Carty 's case , which means all legal avenues have been exhausted .
Execution dates are generally set from one to six months from this stage , with two to three months being typical .
Carty , who was born on the Caribbean island of St Kitts when it was a British colony , was found guilty of hiring four men to murder her 25 - year - old neighbour , Joana Rodriguez , so that Carty could cut the baby out of Rodriguez 's womb and claim the child as her own .
That Rodriguez had given birth four days earlier is just one of the facts that make the prosecution 's case unlikely , her supporters say .
Carty would also have found it impossible to pass off the baby – later found safe – as her own : Rodriguez was of a different ethnicity .
Carty 's daughter , Jovelle Carty Joubert , is appealing to the governor of Texas for clemency .
" It is completely impossible that my mother committed these crimes , " she said as she flew into the UK today for a meeting with the Foreign Office to ask for help to save her mother 's life .
" But she had no chance to clear her name .
Her trial was so unfair .
We are trapped in a legal system where if you do n't have money , you do n't have rights or justice . "
Clive Stafford Smith , the founder and director of Reprieve who is fighting for Carty , said the case was catastrophically flawed and the " most desperate , outrageous miscarriage of justice case we 've yet faced in 2010 " .
" It 's urgent now , " he said .
" Texas is efficient at executing people – 99.6 % of cases that get to this point go through to the end .
We 're asking the British government to not hold back .
After all , there 's no limit to what the government should not do for a citizen about to be killed by a foreign country . "
More Photos From :
More Nude Galleries From : 1 By Day
More Resources
Please visit these pages for more information about the shard , and getting started on Second Age .
Protect Me Knight
Tower Defense meets Action ?
Zombie Game meets Fantasy ?
Command four kind of Knights of Love : Fighter , Ninja , Amazon , and Mage .
There are many kind of enemies .
For example : Goblin , Minotaur , Dragon , Death ...
Your mission is defeat them and protect the Princess !!
A five - year investigation by DVB has uncovered evidence that Burma is embarking on a programme to develop nuclear weaponry .
At the centre of the investigation is Sai Thein Win , a former defense engineer and missile expert who worked in factories in Burma where he was tasked to make prototype components for missile and nuclear programs .
Sai contacted DVB after learning of its investigation into Burma ’s military programmes , and supplied various documents and colour photographs of the equipment built inside the factories .
The investigation has also uncovered evidence of North Korean involvement in the development of Burmese missiles , as well as Russia ’s training of Burmese nuclear technicians .
In collaboration with DVB , American nuclear scientist and a former director in the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , Robert Kelley , has spent months examining this material .
Here he writes in an exclusive report for DVB that Burma is probably mining uranium and exploring nuclear technology that is only “ useful only for weapons ” .
For the full 30 - page report , click here .
A remarkable individual has come out of Burma to describe nuclear - related activities in that secretive country .
DVB has interviewed this man at length and is presenting his evidence here for all to see .
His name is Sai Thein Win , and until recently he was a major in the Burmese army .
He was trained in Burma as a defense engineer , and later in Russia as a missile expert .
He returned to Burma to work in special factories , built to house modern European machining tools , to build prototypes for missile and nuclear activities .
Sai brought with him some documents and colour photographs of equipment built in these factories .
DVB is publishing these photos and has arranged with experts to analyze what they have discovered .
Some will no doubt want to weigh in and add their conclusions – no doubt there will be detractors who do not agree with the analysis and our conclusion that these objects are designed for use in a nuclear weapons development program .
We invite their criticism and hope that any additional analysis will eventually reinforce our view that Burma is engaged in activities that are prohibited under international agreements .
DVB has hundreds of other photos taken in Burma inside closed facilities , as well as countless other information sources and documents .
Background information is given for the very specific information Sai is providing .
In the last two years certain “ laptop documents ” have surfaced that purport to show that Iran is engaged in a clandestine nuclear program .
The origin of these documents is not clear but they have generated a huge international debate over Iran ’s intentions .
The Burmese documents and photographs brought by Sai are much closer to the original source materials and the route of their disclosure is perfectly clear .
The debate over these documents should be interesting in the non-proliferation community .
Who is Sai Thein Win ?
Sai was a major in the Burmese army .
He saw a DVB documentary about special factories in Burma that had been built by the regime to make components for Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMD ) .
He worked in two of these factories and felt there was more that needed to be conveyed outside Burma .
Sai came out to Thailand to tell the world what he has seen and what he was asked to do .
What he has to say adds to the testimony of many other Burmese defectors , but he supplements it with many colour photographs of the buildings and what they are building inside them .
In addition he can describe the special demonstrations he attended and can name the people and places associated with the Burmese nuclear program that he visited .
Sai Thein Win reminds us of Mordecai Vanunu , an Israeli technician at the Dimona nuclear site in the Negev desert .
Vanunu took many photographs of activities in Israel that were allegedly related to nuclear fuel cycle and weapons development .
These photos were published in the Sunday Times in London in 1986 .
They purportedly showed nuclear weapons activities in Israel at the time .
Israel has never confirmed that the images were taken in their facilities ; much less that Israel even has a nuclear weapons program .
But Vanunu was abducted , tried in an Israeli court and sentenced to many years in prison for divulging state secrets .
Sai is providing similar information .
Sai Thein
Win holding an impeller for a ballistic missile engine .
He designed
the program to manufacture it on CNC machines from Europe ( DVB )
What is the Program that Sai Describes ?
Sai tells us that he was tasked to make prototype components for missile and nuclear programs .
He is an experienced mechanical engineer and he is capable of describing machining operations very accurately .
Sai has very accurately described a missile fuel pump impeller he made because he is trained as a missile engineer .
His information on nuclear programs is based upon many colour photographs and two visits to the nuclear battalion at Thabeikkyin , north of Mandalay .
The Nuclear Battalion is the organization charged with building up a nuclear weapons capability in Burma .
The Nuclear Battalion will try to do this by building a nuclear reactor and nuclear enrichment capabilities .
Buildings under construction at the Thabeikkyin Nuclear Battalion ( DVB )
It is DVB consultants ’ firm belief that Burma is probably not capable of building the equipment they have been charged to build : to manufacture a nuclear weapon , to build a weapons material supply , and to do it in a professional way .
But the information provided by Sai and other reporters from Burma clearly indicates that the regime has the intent to go nuclear and it is trying and expending huge resources along the way .
Factories filled with European equipment
Two companies in Singapore with German connections sold many machine tools to the Burmese government , notably the Department of Technical and Vocational Education ( DTVE ) .
DTVE is closely associated with the Department of Atomic Energy ( DAE ) which is subordinate to the Ministry of Science and Technology ( MOST ) .
A great deal of information is known about people and organizations in this chain .
DTVE is probably a front for military purchasing for weapons of mass destruction ; that is to say nuclear , chemical and biological weapons and the means to deliver them , largely missiles .
The German government did not have derogatory information about DTVE when the tools were sold and allowed the sale .
Fortunately , although the machine tools were very expensive and capable , they were sold without all of the accessories to make the very precision parts required for many missile and nuclear applications .
These factories are only making prototypes and first models of equipment for other research organizations .
They are not making serial copies for a production program and they do not do research themselves
The companies believed the machines were to be used for educational and vocational training , but the German government , suspicious about the end use , sent a diplomat and an expert to examine the machines that were installed in two special factories in Burma .
The expert was suspicious that the machines would be used for uses other than training ; there were no students and no universities nearby , and there were no women students .
The expert noted that none of the male students wore military uniforms .
DVB has examined the photos and some of the “ students ” who wore civilian clothes during the expert visit wear military uniforms when the Europeans are not there .
Sai provided recognizable photos of the equipment installers and the Germans during their site visit .
This is one of many indications that he was at the factories and that his story is very credible .
It is also fortunate that the German government was diligent and visited these factories to verify the end use .
The Burmese were probably not telling the whole truth , but the visits allow serious verification of the facts .
A floor plan of the many machinery tools at Factory 2 near Myaing ( DVB )
Sai describes equipment the Nuclear Battalion is building
Sai has provided DVB with many photos of material that the Nuclear Battalion at Thabeikkyin is requesting .
One of the most obvious ones is requested in an accompanying secret memo from the No ( 1 ) Science and Technology Regiment at Thabeikkyin to the Special Factory Number One near Pyin Oo Lwin .
It is for a “ bomb reactor ” for the “ special substance production research department ” and there are some sketches of what is wanted as well as pictures .
A bomb reactor in a nuclear program is a special device for turning uranium compounds into uranium metal for use in nuclear fuel or a nuclear bomb .
The pictures and sketches are of such a bomb reactor and one of the pictures has been subjected to high temperature .
The paint is burned off and it has been used .
It may be a design from a foreign country or a Burmese design .
But the need for a bomb reactor in a Burmese Nuclear Battalion is a strong signal that the project is trying to make uranium metal .
Whether the uranium metal is used in a plutonium production reactor or a nuclear device , Burma is exploring nuclear technology that is useful only for weapons .
These are ‘ bomb reactors ’ likely used to convert uranium compounds
into uranium metal for bomb or reactor fuel ( DVB )
Sai also provided photos of chemical engineering machinery that can be used for making uranium compounds such as uranium hexafluoride gas , used in uranium enrichment .
He describes nozzles used in advanced lasers that separate uranium isotopes into materials used for bombs .
He provides pictures of a glove box for mixing reactive materials and furnaces for making uranium compounds .
All of these things could have other uses , but taken together , in the context of the Nuclear Battalion , they are for a nuclear weapons program .
A group of Burmese military and civilian workers pose with a
glove box they built at Factory 1 near Pyin Oo Lwin ( DVB )
Sai has been told that the regime is planning to build a nuclear reactor to make plutonium for a nuclear bomb .
He has seen a demonstration of a reactor component called a “ control rod ” that fits this story .
He has been told that the regime plans to enrich uranium for a bomb and he has seen a demonstration of a carbon monoxide laser that will be part of this enrichment process .
He has named the individuals he met and heard from at Thabeikkyin and they can be correlated through open source information with their jobs for the Burmese Department of Atomic Energy .
Many are frequent visitors to IAEA grant training projects .
He himself was tasked to make nozzles for the carbon monoxide laser .
He actually knows less about the chemical industrial equipment seen in his photos than we can judge , but his overall story is quite interesting .
It is also clear that the demonstrations and explanations that he has seen are quite crude .
If they are the best Burma can do they have a long way to go .
How does Sai fit into the overall Burma story ?
Sai is a mechanical engineer with experience in machining parts on highly specialized and modern machine tools .
These machine tools make items that are very precise and can be used in nuclear energy programs or to make missiles .
Sai is not a nuclear expert and he has little to say about the things he made , or that his factory made other than what he was told about their uses .
He does provide photos of items that would be used in the nuclear industry to process uranium compounds into forms used in the nuclear weapons development process .
These photos or his descriptions could be faked , but they are highly consistent with the uses he suggests .
Sai received a degree as a defense engineer in Burma .
He then went to Russia to train in missile technology at the prestigious Bauman Institute in Moscow .
He can document all of this .
His friends went to Russia as well and studied nuclear and chemical technology at the Moscow Institute of Engineering Physics ( MIFI ) and the Mendeleev Institute of Chemical Technology .
MIFI was the main training institute for Soviet nuclear weapons designers for many years .
The ones who studied chemistry at Mendeleev are probably the ones who are most important in building the special equipment that Sai knew about .
Stories about a nuclear reactor in Burma
There have many wild stories about a nuclear reactor in Burma .
It is clear that Burma and Russia considered building a 10 Megawatt ( 10 MW ) research reactor in Burma in 2000 .
It is also clear that this deal was not closed and that Russia announced only intent to build a 10 MW reactor around 2008 .
This reactor has not been built and Russia is highly unlikely to approve such a deal unless Burma signs a new special agreement with the IAEA .
This agreement is called an Additional Protocol and Burma is very unlikely to sign it because it would give the IAEA the access it needs to discover a clandestine nuclear program in Burma .
Furthermore , a 10 MW nuclear reactor is a very small concern for proliferation .
Such reactors are common in the world and they are simply too small to be of serious proliferation concern .
They can be used to teach students how to work in the nuclear area , but they are not appropriate to rapidly make any serious quantities of plutonium for bombs .
IAEA has standards for which reactors are especially suitable for plutonium production and this proposed reactor is below that limit .
It is appropriate only for nuclear technology training and the production of medical radioisotopes .
Local production of medical isotopes is one of the main reasons for reactors in the 10 MW class around the world .
Burma could use this reactor for training , but reports that it bought a 10 MW reactor from Russia are clearly untrue , and stories that they want to build one of their own for a bomb program are nonsense .
The idea that Burma is building a larger reactor , like the alleged one Israel destroyed in Syria , is more interesting .
This could be a plutonium production reactor , like the 25 MW ( thermal ) one that North Korea operated in Yongbyon .
The fact that North Korea would consider supporting nuclear programs outside its own borders , in client states like Syria , is of serious concern when evaluating Burma .
North Korea does have a memorandum of understanding to help Burma build intermediate range ballistic missiles but their role in the nuclear program is only anecdotal .
Is Burma violating its international agreements ?
The most important agreement that Burma must satisfy is its agreement with the IAEA .
It signed an agreement with the IAEA in 1995 that it would not pursue nuclear weapons under a carefully defined standard international legal agreement .
A supplement to this agreement , a so - called Small Quantities Protocol , said that Burma had no nuclear facilities and very small amounts of nuclear materials , which it did not even have to itemise .
As a result of this declaration , which was accepted by the IAEA , there are no nuclear safeguards inspections in Burma .
There are some IAEA visits to Burma , because Burma is a recipient of IAEA scientific grant money for humanitarian purposes .
Some of these grants train Burmese scientists for nuclear activities that could enable them to produce nuclear materials , but these are not the majority of the grants .
Burma has certified that it has no nuclear facilities , has minimal nuclear materials , and has no plans to change this situation .
The information brought by Sai suggests that Burma is mining uranium , converting it to uranium compounds for reactors and bombs , and is trying to build a reactor and or an enrichment plant that could only be useful for a bomb .
There is no chance that these activities are directed at a reactor to produce electricity in Burma .
This is beyond Burma ’s engineering capabilities .
It is up to Burma to notify the IAEA if these conditions have changed .
Clearly , if it is trying to secretly build a bomb and is breaking these rules it will not be voluntarily notifying the IAEA .
Burma has also purchased high quality machine tools from a German machine tool broker in Singapore that can be used for weapons of mass destruction manufacture .
These tools could be used to make many things but they are of a size and quality that are not consistent with student training , the declared end use .
The Department of Technical and Vocational training is a front for weapons procurement and is associated with the DAE and MOST .
All of these departments , programs , and people associated with them , should be sanctioned and prohibited from buying anything that could contribute to weapons programs .
What is the state of Burma ’s nuclear program ?
We have examined the photos of the Burmese nuclear program very carefully and looked at Sai ’s evidence .
The quality of the parts they are machining is poor .
The mechanical drawings to produce these parts in a machine shop are unacceptably poor .
If someone really plans to build a nuclear weapon , a very complex device made up of precision components , then Burma is not ready .
This could be because the information brought by Sai is not complete or because Burma is playing in the field but is not ready to be serious .
In any case , nothing we have seen suggests Burma will be successful with the materials and component we have seen .
What is significant is intent .
Burma is trying to mine uranium and upgrade uranium compounds through chemical processing .
The photos show several steps in this intent .
Burma is reported to be planning and building a nuclear reactor to make plutonium and is trying to enrich uranium to make a bomb .
These activities are inconsistent with their signed obligations with the IAEA .
Even if Burma is not able to succeed with their illegal program , they have set off alarm bells in the international community devoted to preventing weapons of mass destruction proliferation .
The IAEA should ask Burma if its stated declarations are true .
If these allegations appear real there should be follow - up questions and inspections of alleged activities .
This effort will be hampered by Burma ’s failure to sign the Additional Protocol .
Under the current Small Quantities Protocol Agreement , IAEA has no power to inspect in Burma .
Burma is also trying to build medium - range missiles such as SCUDs under a memorandum of understanding with North Korea .
SCUDS are not likely to carry a Burmese nuclear warhead because first generation nuclear warheads are usually too heavy and large for the SCUD missile .
But there is little reason to embark on SCUD missiles and nuclear weapons other than to threaten ones near - neighbours .
Burma is ruled by a junta that has no real political philosophy other than greed .
The junta rules for the purpose of enriching a small cadre with the rich resources of the country : teak , gold , jade , other minerals and the labour of the people .
Like their model , North Korea , the junta hopes to remain safe from foreign interference by being too dangerous to invade .
Nuclear weapons contribute to that immunity .
Conclusions
DVB has interviewed many sources from inside Burma ’s military programs .
Many other researchers are interviewing former Burmese military people , for example Dictator Watch and Desmond Ball with Phil Thornton .
They have provided anecdotal evidence pointing to a Burmese nuclear weapons program .
Sai has clarified these reports and added to them with colour photos and personal descriptions of his visits to the Nuclear Battalion .
He trained in Moscow in missile technology along with friends who trained in nuclear technology who later vanished into the Nuclear Battalion of Thabeikkyin .
All were trained in some of Russia ’s first quality institutes .
The total picture is very compelling .
Burma is trying to build pieces of a nuclear program , specifically a nuclear reactor to make plutonium and a uranium enrichment program .
Burma has a close partnership with North Korea .
North Korea has recently been accused of trying to build a nuclear reactor inside Syria to make plutonium for a nuclear program in Syria or North Korea .
The timeframe of North Korean assistance to Syria is roughly the same as Burma so the connection may not be coincidental .
If Burma is trying to develop nuclear weapons the international community needs to react .
There needs to be a thorough investigation of well - founded reporting .
If these reports prove compelling , then there need to be sanctions of known organizations in Burma and for equipment for any weapons of mass destruction .
Kelley , 63 , a former Los Alamos weapons scientist , was an IAEA director from 1992 to 1993 , and again from 2001 to 2005 .
Based in Vienna , Austria , he conducted weapons inspections in Libya , Iraq , and South Africa , and compliance inspections in Egypt , Turkey , South Korea , Taiwan , Syria , Tanzania , Pakistan , India , and Congo , among others .
Why have some of Fermilab ’s neutrinos gone missing ?
( Image : Fermilab )
Now you see it , now you do n’t : that ’s neutrinos for you .
The astounding ability of these subatomic particles to morph from one type to another may have created another crack in our understanding of nature .
It may point the way to new physics that could tell us why the universe appears to be made only of matter and not antimatter too .
Physicists on the Main Injector Neutrino Oscillation Search ( MINOS ) experiment at Fermilab in Batavia , Illinois , were studying a phenomenon called neutrino oscillation when they found a discrepancy between neutrinos and anti-neutrinos that cannot be explained by standard model physics .
Advertisement
Neutrinos and their antimatter counterparts oscillate between three types : electron , tau and muon .
In the MINOS experiment , muon neutrinos and muon anti-neutrinos are beamed at two detectors : a “ near ” detector at Fermilab itself , and a “ far ” detector inside a mine in Soudan , Minnesota .
The particles have to pass through 700 kilometres of earth to get to the far detector .
Missing neutrinos
The particles are most likely changing into their tau counterparts .
MINOS is not sensitive to taus , but infers them by measuring a deficit of muon neutrinos and anti-neutrinos .
According to our current understanding of neutrino physics , MINOS should see a similar deficit for neutrinos and anti-neutrinos , but on Monday the MINOS collaboration announced that this may not be what is happening .
When physicists measured a specific parameter related to neutrino oscillations , it was about 40 per cent greater for anti-neutrinos than for neutrinos .
They say this is tentative evidence of a greater deficit in the anti-neutrino beam than in the neutrino beam .
Jenny Thomas of University College London , a spokeswoman for MINOS , stresses that the results are preliminary .
“ It could be an unlucky statistical fluctuation , ” she says .
“ Those things happen . ”
But if the effect proves solid , it could help us solve one of the biggest mysteries in physics : how an imbalance of matter and antimatter arose in the early universe .
The discrepancy could be due to a difference in the way neutrinos oscillate compared with anti-neutrinos .
Or the anti-neutrinos may be interacting with the 700 kilometres of rock in a way that is not understood .
“ If the effect is real , then there is some physics that is not expected , ” says Thomas .
“ Then there is something new that we do n’t understand , and that ’s fantastic . ”
Antonio Ereditato at the University of Bern , Switzerland , a spokesman for the OPERA neutrino experiment in Italy says : “ This is once more proof that neutrino physics is a privileged tool to assess new physics . ”
But he adds that statistically robust results are needed .
Hands up , who remembers D - Wave ?
No ?
Well , do n't worry ; it 's still around .
D- Wave is a company that is pursuing the development of a scalable quantum computer .
And , just in case you forgot about them , they wheeled out a black box that apparently calculates stuff .
It does this slower than your average iPad , but , you know , it 's just a prototype .
Cynicism aside , the company 's approach , called adiabatic quantum computing , actually has some interesting properties , and early studies indicated that it might be able to do exciting mathematical things .
Unfortunately , a couple of snags have gotten in the way of further progress : adiabatic quantum computing has been shown to be identical to normal quantum computing , and there are no verifiable experimental results .
Now , just to really put the screws on any optimists out there , a new paper has shown that adiabatic computers are actually quite bad at hard math problems .
Why NP - complete problems are a big deal
This result is n't too hard to understand once a bit of background scenery has been set up .
So , let us first wallpaper in the pristine mountains of pure mathematics .
Mathematicians seem to love categorizing stuff and , at some point in the past , someone noticed that all mathematical problems could be classified by how hard they were to solve .
This is perhaps best explained by example : the traveling salesman problem .
The idea is that you have a bunch of locations on a map and you have to find the shortest route that visits every location .
With two locations , this is easy ; with three it is a bit harder , etc .
The point is that the difficulty in finding the solution — or , more relevantly , the time taken to find the solution — increases as we add locations .
Now , if adding a location only added a fixed amount of time ( or a slowly increasing amount of time ) to the effort involved in finding the solution , this would be an easy problem .
However , if the time taken increases exponentially with added locations , then the problem is difficult .
These problems are bad , because a very small increase in the number of ( in this example ) locations can result in a problem that would take us on the order of the age of the universe to solve .
For the record , the traveling salesman problem is considered to be fall into this class .
Mathematicians call this set of problems NP - complete and , so far , all our solutions to them take an exponentially increasing amount of time to solve .
The impressive thing is that any problem in the NP - complete set can be reformulated as any of the other problems , so if we can find a way to solve any NP - complete problem efficiently , we can solve them all efficiently .
Quantum computing and decoherence
At the base of our pristine peaks are a bunch of jaw - jutting , adventurous physicists , mainly of the variety that use the word " quantum " and actually mean it .
They began contemplating the dizzy heights of mathematics when it was discovered that the correlations , coherences , and superpositions of quantum systems could enable certain mathematical problems to be solved much faster .
What does this actually mean ?
First , let 's deal with superposition .
Essentially , superposition says that as long as you do n't know what the value of something is , you must consider all possible values .
Say I have a quantum bit ( qubit ) that has two possible values — until I measure it , I must consider that it can have both values at the same time .
Only when I measure the qubit does it assume a single value , and the probability of obtaining a particular value is given by how the superposition behaves .
Coherence relates to this , but in subtle way .
It describes how things change : imagine that I have two qubits and both are in a superposition state .
As time progresses , each state is going to change , and that change would be reflected in the probabilities assigned to different measurement results .
Now , if these two qubits are coherent , then their states will change in identical ways .
They do n't have to have the same probabilities of getting particular measurement results , but the changes to these probabilities should be related to each other .
But if I very gently shake one of the qubits , it begins to diverge in its behavior from that of its partner , so the two are no longer coherent .
And therein lies public enemy number one for quantum physicists : decoherence .
Finally , we come to correlations , referred to as entanglement .
This takes qubits and couples them together so that we can't consider them as qubit one and qubit two , but rather as qubit one - two .
If we now gently shake qubit one , it will not diverge in its behavior from its partner .
Effectively , this means that if we perform an operation on one qubit — as part of a database search , for instance — this affects the superposition states of all other entangled qubits and ( hopefully ) does n't destroy the coherence of the system .
If decoherence is public enemy number one , sudden death of entanglement is the misunderstood kid who sets fire to cats — we just hope it never happens to us .
To sum up : qubits can take on an indeterminate value , have that value change in synchrony with other qubits , and playing with one qubit effects the behavior of any entangled qubits .
Given these properties , certain algorithms become a bit easier .
For instance , factoring should , in principle , be easy on a quantum computer .
Also , and with no hint of irony , quantum systems are best simulated with a quantum computer .
But the jury 's still out on whether NP - complete problems are made easier by quantum computers .
Actual quantum computers and NP - complete problems
Now , there are a couple of ways to put a quantum computer together .
You can take the traditional processor approach , where each qubit is carefully and specifically manipulated until you perform all the logic operations on the qubits to complete the desired instruction set .
At the end of this process , you read out the qubits to get an answer .
All verified quantum computers are of this sort .
The alternative is to use an optimization approach .
The idea is that many mathematical problems can be expressed in terms of an energy landscape , where the solution is the state that has the lowest energy .
Now , formulating the energy landscape is one thing , but determining the state is usually impossible .
So , optimization starts in an energy landscape for which the lowest energy state is known , and the qubits are put into that state .
Then the landscape is gently and slowly prodded , bent , and twisted until it corresponds to the landscape of the problem .
If everything has gone well , the qubits still occupy the lowest energy state , and reading them out provides the answer to the problem .
The speed of the calculation is simply a question of how easy it is for the qubits to jump out of the lowest energy state .
If the energy gap is large , then you can transform the landscape very quickly .
However , the energy gap narrows as you prod the system , and , if it narrows exponentially fast , then you have to optimize slowly .
But , and this is a key point , no one has ever shown that an NP - complete problem can be solved more quickly on a quantum computer than on a classical computer .
Furthermore , all types of quantum computers have been shown to be mathematically identical , so if one wo n't work , none of them will .
Mind the gap : why adiabatic computing fails
This brings us , finally , to a current PNAS paper by researchers at Columbia University and NEC Laboratories who have investigated the problem - solving abilities of adiabatic quantum computers .
What they have shown is that , when adiabatic quantum computers are used to solve NP - complete problems , the energy gap between the lowest energy state and the next state up is not well behaved .
Instead , it narrows faster than exponentially , meaning the adiabatic quantum computing cannot , even in principle , solve NP - complete problems faster than a classical computer .
What makes this work special is that it is more general than the papers that precede it .
Rather than focusing on a specific problem , the researchers looked at the statistics of how the energy gap behaves .
They found that adiabatic quantum systems exhibit properties very similar to disordered quantum systems .
In particular , they found that quantum states become what 's termed highly localized .
The quantum state of one qubit is only influenced by a local patch of nearby neighbors , which are all quite separate from other groups .
This looks rather like a phenomena called Anderson localization .
Anderson localization has been studied for 50 - odd years , and the researchers applied that knowledge to show how the probability of exiting the ground state increases as the optimization proceeds .
In the end , they conclude that NP - complete problems are just as hard on an adiabatic quantum computer as on a classical computer .
And , since earlier work showed the equivalence between different variants of quantum computers , that pretty much shuts down the possibility of any quantum computer helping with NP - complete problems .
I do n't think anyone in the field will be particularly surprised by this .
The failure of earlier work to show that quantum computers offered a speed - up on any NP - complete problem indicated that it was likely that it simply was not possible .
PNAS , 2010 , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1002116107 ( About DOIs ) .
Rex says the police should get even tougher with the anarchist Black Bloc protesters who caused havoc in Toronto during the G20 summit .
Read and post viewer comments on this Rex Murphy episode on The National blog .
Read the transcript of this Point of View
Rex Murphy Point of View
June 27 , 2010
No decent , civilized city - and Toronto is both - should be held hostage by the actions of a set of ferociously insolent thugs and vandals .
Which is what happened here yesterday afternoon , and in fits and starts last night and early morning .
A band of black - masked , malicious , and potentially dangerous ne'er - do - wells did their radical best to get a racket going : torched a couple of police cars , did their petty " let 's smash the windows " trick , insulted the police , intimidated spectators , and tried to order the press around .
The world has seen this knob of losers and self - nominated ' anarchists ' before ; they gave themselves the comic - book brand " Black Bloc " long ago , and they have been the noisome tail to the dog of every high order world meeting for well over a decade .
There was even a flash of them smacking downtown windows at the recent Olympics , you 'll recall , until everyone turned on them for their vandalism and cowardice , and they vanished .
People also remember the havoc , damage and ugliness they kicked up in Seattle ; remember , too , Genoa , Madrid , and Quebec City .
It was always too much to hope that Toronto would be spared their attention .
For this set of malcontents - they 're not protesters - protesters have moral standing - the deliberations of heads of government in a time of crisis is merely a background stage on which to engage in violent and arrogant abuse of the idea of civic action .
They degrade protest .
Do n't buy their muddled mendacious rhetoric either .
They care as much about the general well - being of the rest of us as the stone or brick in their hand , or that hammer cares for the well - being of the Starbucks window .
Some people are saying that Toronto should n't have hosted the summit because this crowd would cause trouble .
Absolutely wrong .
Cities and governments do n't choose to do , or not to do things because a couple of hundred hit - and - run artists put up a smarmy threat of " direct action " .
The splinter does n't direct the oak .
Yesterday 's mini-riot had one irony that will be very hard for some to digest .
It gives at least partial cover for the extraordinary one billion dollar cost that went into security for the G20 meeting here .
The Black Bloc , and they will love this , is Stephen Harper 's best political friend today .
For very long , the pseudo - anarchists have been coddled and played with .
The costs of that approach showed up in the images of Toronto broadcast all over the world yesterday .
" Toronto the mild " looking like " Toronto the war zone " .
In so far as it is at all possible , those responsible for criminal activity and damage to property should be arrested and charged .
They should be banned for good from any like event in future .
Penalties should be heavy .
Toronto is a decent , civilized city .
Hooligans and thugs should never be allowed to twist those virtues into a shield for their own ignorant and dangerous ends .
For The National , I'm Rex Murphy .
Now we know why “ King David ” Petraeus fainted like a girl at his Senate testimony [ . pdf ] two weeks ago .
Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin put Petraeus on the ropes by asking if his allegiance to President Obama ’s withdrawal timeline for Afghanistan reflected his “ best personal professional judgment . ”
Petraeus rope - a - doped his way out of that one with his “ qualified yes ” answer , but he hit the canvas when John McCain dared him to deny an open - source report that he ’d promised Obama his 18 - month timeline would work .
Petraeus sputtered something about how he did n’t see anything productive in discussing an Oval Office conversation , McCain gave him a yeah , right wink , and Petraeus did a half - gainer into his microphone .
The Teflon General has faced tough questions before and lived to prevaricate another day .
The difference this time , I ’m pretty certain , is that he knew his former protégé Stan McChrystal was about to pull a Barnum - class stunt that would vaporize Petraeus ’ hopes of escaping to safety before everyone realizes the situations in Iraq and the Bananastans * are irretrievably botched and that he ’s the one who botched them .
It ’s obvious from information above and below the radar that Petraeus has been hiding in the background behind his phony laurels for the past year or so , hoping to let his little buddies McChrystal and Ray “ Desert Ox ” Odierno take the falls for the Bananastans and Iraq .
That ’s been Petraeus ’ standard operating procedure throughout his meteoric career : take charge of a situation , slap a band - aid on whatever troubles exist , let the underlying problems fester , and then bail out in time for the disaster to erupt on his successor ’s watch .
He played this stratagem three times in Iraq .
As commander in Mosul after the fall of Baghdad , he spread around enough bribes to keep a lid on the insurgency in that region .
Four months after he left , the police chief defected to the militants , and Mosul remains a trouble spot to this day .
During his next Iraq tour , when he was in charge of training Iraqi security forces , Super Dave allowed nearly 200,000 AK - 47 rifles and pistols to fall into the hands of militants .
As commander of all forces in Iraq Dave blamed Iran for giving the insurgents all those guns , and created a false perception of a successful “ surge ” by cooking the violence statistics and bribing the insurgents to lay low with money and arms .
Today ’s Iraq , the one he left hapless Odie , still looks like a big - ride theme park 10 minutes after the earthquake hit .
There ’s a good chance that Odierno is n’t sufficiently sentient to realize that his mentor Petraeus has set him up on a blind date with a red - hot poker , but McChrystal clearly saw what was going on , and he was not about to let his boss play him for a Shemp .
The son of a two - star general , McChrystal was always better connected than any boss he ever had prior to Petraeus , and every boss he ever had prior to Petraeus knew it .
Cadet McChrystal racked up demerits galore while at the Military Academy , but no one in charge of West Point ever seriously thought of expelling him .
McChrystal began to attract a following of like - minded hooligans eager to share the sanctuary of his high cover .
Years pass , McChrystal ’s networks grow , he is given command of the Bananastan theater of war , and voilà , we have Gen. Stan and His Howling Entourage , an unholy collection of assassins , spies , frogmen , snake eaters , bull - feather merchants , fighter pilots , lawyers , and other patriotic personality disorders who called themselves “ Team America ” and who are in virtual control of U.S. foreign policy .
We meet this cross-section of our nation ’s finest in a Rolling Stone article by Michael Hastings titled “ The Runaway General . ”
Drunk as Blazes Boylan , the boys are , spouting suppressed angst at an Irish pub in Paris named Kitty O’Shea ’s , bellowing a haunting lilt about dear old Afghanistan , and mouthing the vilest sorts of slanders pertaining to their civilian superiors that they ought n’t be flinging about among the general population , and most assuredly not in front of a reporter from the Rolling bloody Stone .
President Obama appears to be “ uncomfortable and intimidated ” by military brass , and he does n’t “ seem very engaged ” in the war he wants McChrystal to win for him , young Hastings relays .
Special Bananastans envoy Richard Holbrooke is dangerous as a “ wounded animal ” because he fears he ’s about to get the axe .
National Security Adviser James Jones is a “ clown . ” Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry , who in a stunning piece of understatement recently noted that Afghan President Hamid Karzai is “ not an adequate strategic partner , ” is trying , McChrystal himself tells Hastings , to “ cover his flanks for the history books . ”
Politicians like John Kerry and John McCain are “ not very helpful , ” and the Team ’s pet name for Joe Biden is “ Bite Me . ”
Well , Joe Biden can bite me too .
McCain and Kerry are n’t very helpful ; they never have been .
Karzai is n’t an adequate partner , Eikenberry is trying to cover his kiester , banquet - circuit beast Holbrooke has ample reason to worry about losing his job , and Obama ’s palpable fear of his generals is a national embarrassment .
But those are n’t the sorts of things a general and his staff – even an Animal House - variety general and staff like McChrystal and company are – blab to a cub reporter from a magazine for long - haired freaky people ; unless , of course , the general and his staff want to get fired from being responsible for a catastrophe they manage to compound with every move they make .
If they ’d wanted to party with a reporter they could trust to keep his mouth shut , they would have brought along Dexter Filkins of the New York Times , who has dutifully kept mum about their shenanigans and faithfully passed along every propaganda message they ’ve fed him .
The Rolling Stone piece by Hastings recalls the April 2008 Esquire article by Thomas P. M. Barnett on then - head of Central Command Adm.
William Fallon , who was about to collide with the doorknob on his way out of a job .
Barnett ’s article gave Fallon the opportunity to take a parting shot at “ a**- kissing little chicken s***”
Petraeus and the neocon “ crazies ” before transitioning to a new career in beltway banditry .
McChrystal ’s predicament was far more precarious than Fallon ’s had been .
He had executed a blatantly insubordinate display of information warfare designed to pressure Obama into going along with further escalation of the Bananastans conflict that culminated with his September 2009 infomercial on 60 Minutes .
The next month , when asked at a speech to a right - wing tank thinkery in London if he could support a decision on Obama ’s part to heed Joe Biden ’s proposal to fight al - Qaeda with drone and special forces strikes alone , McChrystal replied , “ The short , glib answer is no . ”
According to The Promise , a recent book by Jonathan Alter of Newsweek about Obama ’s first year in office , McChrystal ’s October 2009 London antic was the camel straw that prodded Obama into doing what a man had to do .
Alter – who has become the hagiographer to Obama that Dexter Filkins is to McChrystal and Tom Ricks is to Petraeus – tells us that the president and his senior staff believed McChrystal ’s hijinks “ had [ Joint Chiefs chairman Mike ] Mullen ’s and Petraeus ’ fingerprints all over it .
They were using McChrystal to jam the president , box him in , manipulate him , game him . ”
Not a bad assumption .
Obama and McChrystal supposedly had a me - father - you - son talk aboard Air Force One on the tarmac in Copenhagen , and shortly after that Obama invited Mullen and Defense Secretary Bob Gates over to the Oval Office for a taste of cheese grater .
Obama wanted to know “ here and now , ” Alter says , if the Pentagon would be on board with any decisions he might make .
Alter reports that Mullen “ described himself as ‘ chagrined ’ after the meeting ” and that Gates put out the word through back channels that generals should give their advice “ candidly but privately . ”
Things looked all hunky - bunky to the administration .
“ They swore an oath of loyalty , ” a senior official told Alter , and the feckless White House chose to believe that oaths mean anything to the likes of Gates and Mullen .
The part of the Alter narrative that McCain confronted Petraeus with in the recent Senate Armed Services Committee hearings involved a November 2009 Oval Office meeting at which Petraeus was present .
Obama asked Petraeus , “ David , tell me now .
I want you to be honest with me .
You can do this in 18 months ? ”
“ Sir , I ’m confident we can train and hand over to the ANA [ Afghan National Army ] in that time frame , ” Petraeus replied .
“ Good .
No problem , ” the president said .
“ If you ca n’t do the things you say you can in 18 months , then no one is going to suggest we stay , right ? ”
“ Yes , sir , in agreement , ” Petraeus said .
As Alter tells it , Obama got the drop on Mullen and Gates as well .
“ Yes , sir , Mullen said [ agreeing that no one would suggest we stay in Afghanistan beyond 18 months ] .
The president was crisp but informal .
“ Bob , you have any problems ? ” he asked Gates , who said he was fine with it .
The president then encapsulated the new policy : in quickly , out quickly , focus on al - Qaeda , and build the Afghan Army .
“ I ’m not asking you to change what you believe , but if you do n’t agree with me that we can execute this , say so now , ” he said .
No one said anything .
“ Tell me now , ” Obama repeated .
“ Fully support , sir , ” Mullen said .
“ Ditto , ” Petraeus said .
Alter asserts , “ Obama was trying to turn the tables on the military , to box them in after they had spent most of the year boxing him in . ”
The thinking was that if “ conditions did n’t stabilize enough to begin an orderly withdrawal of U.S. forces ” in 18 months , the generals “ could n’t say they did n’t have enough time to make the escalation work because they had specifically said , under explicit questioning , that they did . ”
If Obama has the sociopaths who run his military in a box , they need n’t worry too much : it ’s a box with an escape hatch in the bottom and no lid .
At the June 15 - 16 Senate Armed Services Committee hearing , Gates and Mullen stressed the need for “ patience ” with the Bananastan strategy .
( If you have n’t noticed , everyone from the Pentagon calls it “ Obama ’s strategy ” and everyone in the administration ’s camp refers to “ McChrystal ’s strategy . ” )
Petraeus , who swore allegiance to Obama ’s timeline both in Alter ’s book and at the hearings , also assured McCain and the committee ’s other war mongrels that the July 2011 date is “ the beginning of a process , ” and is “ not a date where we race for the exits .
It is the date where we , having done an assessment , begin a transition . ”
So I guess we should conclude that July 2011 is a conceptual deadline , or perhaps it ’s a virtual deadline , or maybe it ’s just total motherf *** ing bull ****.
If you think Obama got the military back under control by firing McChrystal , you need to quit taking those statin drugs .
Replacing “ Bananas ” Stan with King David was like shooting the rabid sheepdog and turning the flock over to the head wolf .
Next : Surging Back to the Future .
* The Bananastans are Afghanistan and Pakistan , our banana republics in Central Asia .
We 've talked about how the commenting system and those crazy tagpages work , but it seems that it 's time for a different sort of discussion .
Apparently time to talk about trolls , jerks , doo - doo heads , lousy commenters , the banhammer , and the AUTOBAN .
Advertisement
Just as a writer , editor , or comment administrator can approve your commenter account , he or she can ban it .
This means that your previous comments will remain on the site , but you 'll be unable to make any new ones .
We rarely re-approve banned commenters , so if you feel that you 've learned whatever lesson there was to learn , you 'd have to sign up for a new account and go through the audition process again .
Advertisement
Sometimes we 'll give warnings before we ban — in the form of a reply to your comment , an unstarring , or a disemvoweling — and other times we wo n't .
It depends on the situation .
Often it 's not even a single comment that results in a ban , but rather a pattern in the commenter 's history .
Each ban , disemvoweling , unstarring , or warning is treated on a case - by - case basis , but here are some frequent causes for such actions to be taken :
Personal Attacks
It 's quite alright to disagree with a post , content , or opinion — but there 's no reason to make it personal and leave someone crying himself to sleep at night .
No one 's asking you to write responses that begin with " dear sir , I beg your pardon , but my thoughts differ from yours , " but there 's also no need to write things like " you f-ing idiot , you 're wrong . "
Professing Your Love and Lust
It 's fine if you profess your love and lust for gadgets , but please refrain from hitting on writers and editors .
It gets uncomfortable to read about what you want to do to our sexy little bodies or about what you think we do to inanimate objects in our private time .
The line between flattering , creepy , and downright scary is often far too thin .
Advertisement
Off - Topic Discussion
We offer tagpages and an open forum called # whitenoise so that there 's room for silly off - topic talk , so please try to keep comments on posts relevant to the content of the post .
Advertisement
Annoying the Hell Out of Everyone
Will it blend ?
Does it run Crysis ?
It 's not a big deal .
Sent from my iDevice .
I , for one welcome [ some sort of ] overlords .
In Soviet Russia the commenters ban YOU .
Step 1 : Comment .
Step 2 : Get Banned .
Step 3 : ???
Step 4 : Profit !
Yo dawg , I hear you like the banhammer .
First post !
LOL !
LMAO !
Advertisement
Those trite and tacky expressions , phrases , memes , and similar ones are n't as funny as you might think they are .
They also put you at risk of a banning — especially if your comment does n't consist of anything else .
Trolling
There are some folks who get a kick out of baiting angry responses by writing some utter nonsense or playing the devil 's advocate to an extreme .
Sometimes it 's unintentional and innocent , but we 'll toss you out if we notice that it 's a pattern .
Advertisement
Whining About Content
Not everything we post will be of interest to you or maybe sometimes there 'll be too much of a good or bad thing .
It happens and your first instinct might be to whine or rant about it — please do n't !
You have other options , like suggesting what you do like and want to read more about in our #tips box .
Advertisement
Obnoxious Corrections
We 're human — most of us at least — and we make mistakes .
Sometimes they 're grammatical , sometimes structural , sometimes we can't spell worth a damn , and sometimes we can't do math .
It 's OK to call us out on that using the #corrections tag , but it 's not OK to be obnoxious and insult our education or our mothers while doing so .
Advertisement
The AUTOBAN List
The above no -nos are subject to interpretation , but these next few are n't .
These things will get you banned automatically — no warning necessary :
Commenting just to say " First ! "
Comments with little more than LOL , LMAO , THIS , tl ;dr , or equivalent
Repeated or multiple comments with nothing but an image
comments with nothing but an image " Slow news day ? " or equivalent
Graphic or disgusting images
Spam or malicious links
Revealing personal information ( such as addresses , phone numbers , etc ) of others
We may 've left out some reasons for banhammer use , but those are some of the key issues .
If you 're left with questions , we may have answers if you ask politely .
Man , if you thought the lawsuit action in the mobile space was crazy before , well , you ain't seen nothing yet -- Motorola just sued Huawei and over a dozen former employees for conspiring to steal its wireless trade secrets and other proprietary technology over a period of years starting in 2001 .
Yeah , it 's crazy .
The lawsuit was originally filed in 2008 against four former Motorola engineers and a company called Lemko , all of whom Motorola accused of conspiring to stealing trade secrets related to wireless technology .
After years of discovery in the case , it appears that Motorola realized the conspiracy went much deeper than it originally thought , leading the company to file a new complaint on July 16th , in which it named Huawei and nine additional former employees , who allegedly schemed to steal plans for a 3G base station called the SC300 .
According to the complaint , part of the scheme was ultimately blown up when one of the employees was arrested by Customs at O'Hare airport en route to China with $ 30,000 in cash and over 1,000 pages of documentation regarding Motorola 's various communications networking tech , while another employee was caught buying Motorola phones in bulk and sending unlock codes and dump files to Lemko for reverse engineering purposes .
Motorola also says that it does n't yet know the exact relationship between Lemko , Huawei and some of the former employees because " file destruction software " was installed and run on computers before they were turned over as evidence , but the company claims that Huawei was aware it was receiving proprietary Motorola information the entire time it was in contact with the former employees .
Yes , it 's all very juicy -- we 'll be watching this one closely .
From Jonah 's Hill , a lookout point 50 m above the Israeli port of Ashdod , the view out to sea on Monday was one of implausible nautical tranquillity .
A handful of bathers dipped into the waves breaking onto the wide sandy beach in the baking sunshine ; cargo boats unloaded onto the dock beneath towering cranes .
But out there – somewhere , beyond view – was the Mavi Marmara , the scene in the early hours of today of unexpected carnage which ended in the death of at least nine , possibly more , pro-Palestinian activists .
Jonah 's
Hill itself was heaving .
Shirtless Israeli men draped in their national flag waved placards declaring " Well done IDF " in both Hebrew and English , chanting , singing and applauding their support for the military operation .
Thick cables snaked across the ground from thrumming generators , delivering power to dozens of international TV crews , broadcasting across the globe against the backdrop of the shimmering Mediterranean .
Amid the crowd , a sophisticated public relations operation was underway .
Spinners and spokesmen from the Israeli military and government departments politely answered questions and offered their own narrative of the day 's events .
A barrage of emails and text message alerts firing into inboxes provided a background of electronic muzak .
Shahar Arieli , deputy spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs , wearing a smart tie despite the heat , said two of the flotilla 's boats had been brought into port .
All activists would be offered the chance of immediate deportation at Israel 's expense " with their passports " , he said .
" We want them to leave as soon as possible , " he added .
Those who declined would – " as long as they were n't involved in attacks on our troops " – be processed through Israel 's justice system .
His patient courtesy was not matched by all those gathered on the hill .
Chaim Cohen , a 52 - year - old economic consultant from Givatayim , was dripping with both sweat and bile .
" We have come to support our soldiers .
It is obvious it [ the Mavi Marmara ] is a terrorist ship .
We saw it on TV – they took out knives and put them in the stomachs of the IDF . "
There was nothing to challenge the Israeli version of events .
Repeated attempts to reach the cell and satellite phones of activists on board the flotilla were rebuffed ; it was unclear whether their phones had been confiscated , jammed or if they were simply out of range .
By late afternoon on Monday , activists with lesser injuries were being brought to hospitals in coastal towns and cities from the smaller passenger ships .
At the Barzilai medical centre in Ashkelon , just north of the Gaza Strip , a Greek man in a neck brace told reporters : " They hit me . "
Who ?
" Pirates , " he answered .
A dazed man with a striking black eye was unloaded from an ambulance .
There had been " some brutality " on board , he said , but the activists were non-violent .
" We are all Palestinian now , " he said as the doors of the ER closed behind him .
This is a repugnant piece of over - zealousness by the Virginia Attorney General , that I condemn .
Obviously , I think that Mannian effusions have negligible scientific value .
However , the people in the field think otherwise and organizations like NSF seem ready and willing to lavishly fund analysis that seems to me to be little more than paleo - phrenology .
Cuccinelli ’s complaint lies with NSF rather than Mann .
To the extent that Virginia citizens are concerned about public money being misappropriated , Cuccinelli ’s own expenditures on this adventure should be under equal scrutiny .
There will be no value for dollar in this enterprise .
It ’s hard to think of ways to resuscitate the public image of a guy who , only last week , was threatening to sue Minnesotans For Global Warming .
Many people , including me , were relishing the prospect of discoveries back and forth between Mann and Chicken Little .
Instead , Cuccinelli has become an even bigger bully .
I intend to write Cuccinelli expressing my disdain for his actions .
I might add that this is not the first time that I ’ve volunteered support to Mann in this sort of nonsense .
I was copied on one of Keenan ’s attempts to instigate a fraud investigation against Mann and immediately made it clear that I did not support or endorse the request , strongly disapproved of it and even offered Mann my support .
To the extent that there are issues with Mann or Jones or any of these guys , they are at most academic misconduct and should be dealt with under those regimes .
It is unfortunate that the inquiries at Penn State and UEA have not been even minimally diligent , but complaints on that account rest with the universities or their supervising institutions and the substitution of inappropriate investigations by zealots like Cuccinelli are not an alternative .
Cuccinelli interviewed here http://thekojonnamdishow.org/shows/2010-05-07/politics-hour
Our top pick has been satisfying customers for over TWO DECADES .
Their girls know what they are doing , and how to make you cum HARD !
Best yet : your 4th call is FREE .
No gimmicks , just great phone sex .
______________
Finding The Cheapest Phone Sex Number Is The Answer To All Your Deviant Desires !
These Hot n Naked Sexy Girls Will Do Anything You Want On The Phone –
They ’ll help you get off with any phone fuck fantasy you want satisfied and all at the cheapest adult call rates you will find anywhere on the web .
We have scoured the web to find for you the best and cheapest phonesex chat lines .
Our main selection criterior : – these sexlines had to have the hottest girls available who were LIVE and free to work naked from the privacy of their own bedrooms – the next best thing to being there with them and fucking them any way you want – this means no restrictions and all these girls are the real deal – real horny and real dirty phone sluts !
Below you will find our top picks by cheapest price and the horniest naked girls …
Editors Top Picks …
Here Are The Top 3 Cheapest Naughty Chat Lines We Have Found :
# 1 Pick : TRIAL FREE PHONESEX :
1-888-212-7293
New Callers Get $ 5 FREE Phone Sex !
This is the cheapest PREMIUM Sex Number we have found !
Cheapest call rates PLUS $ 5 FREE XXX Chat Time !
Any fetish or kink catered for – just tell the operator what you want – nothing is taboo !
LIVE XXX Sexy Chat With Hot Girls On The Phone NOW !
Their pussies are wet , willing and waiting to do anything you want !
Call Toll Free : 1-888-212-7293
From naked naughty 18 + teens to bored mature housewives , this adult chat number has it all !
Voyeur eavesdropping option – listen in on other hardcore xxx calls !
PLUS recorded xxx erotic stories
All major credit cards and prepaid cards are accepted .
Call for more billing options and info .
After $ 5 FREE chat time , rates start from just a low 69 c 100 % discrete credit card billing guaranteed
# 2 : Flat Rate Hardcore Phone - Sex !
BEST VALUE NUMBER ! 15 mins Only $ 19.95 !
Dial : 888-217-0131
The premium number for those wanting the full works with real live hardcore girls !
If you think you can handle 15 minutes of steamy LIVE PORN CHAT then this is the number for you !
This is the wildest number guaranteed to make you cum hard after 15 minutes of ANY fantasy .
TRY IT FOR YOURSELF !
– Absolutely anything goes for 15 XXX hardcore minutes with dirty wild phone sluts !
CALL 1-888-217-0131
#3 : CHEAP $ 10 Quickie Phone Sex !
5 minute quickie Adult Chat calls for only $ 10 !
DIAL : 1-888-213-3816
You ’ll cum hard and fast with the horny girls on this line !
It is the most horny thing to chat with sexy hot naked girls live on the telephone especially when you just need a cheap quickie $ 10 phonesex chat with them .
There is nothing like hearing her voice as she cums while listening to you cum .
These hot horny phone sex girls are all very experienced and love to talk to you and give you FAST XXX pleasure .
They are all beautiful wet nymphos , desperate to make you cum and cum themselves if you allow it .
Choose from horny moms , nympho barely legal teens , naughty lesbians , wild MILF ’s , black , white , Asian , fat or thin , big tits or pert , blonde , brunette or redhead .
The girls all have one thing in common – they know how to make you cum FAST !
They are waiting for you to call and just love to chat live with horny men like you .
They love to do whatever you want them to , nothing is off limits to these naughty girls and they will stretch your sexual imagination on every call !
More CHEAP Fantasy Sex Hotlines …
With the chance to try the cheapest phone sex , why look any further ?
Here we have selected for you the most erotic phone play numbers with the best rates in town and it ’s available no matter your fetish .
Whether straight , gay or bi-curious , there ’s a sexline designed for you that wo n’t cost the earth !
Barely Legal 18 +
Teens
Looking for hot sex with young teen nymphomaniacs who just want to fuck all night and then take your load all over their young pretty faces ?
Do n’t let their age fool you – these slutty barely legal girls know how to use their tight young naked bodies to pleasure a man and make you cum hard !
Ring now and enjoy true satisfaction with a hot young girl …
Teens Toll Free : 1-888-299-5087 New Callers Get $ 5 Free Chat !
Call for details .
Wild Lesbian Phone Chat
To chat with Lesbians LIVE on the hottest and cheapest lesbian sex chat line we could find CLICK HERE !
Strap - on action , gay glamour girls , bi-sexual femdom , pussy licking MILF ’s and young wet barely legal sapphos who love to lick each other out !
For real bisexual girls who love pussy and who love sharing with horny guys , call this number NOW !
Lesbians Toll Free : 1-888-299-9101 New Callers Get $ 5 Free Chat !
Call for details .
Naughty XXX Asian Girls
These cute little Asian girls will do anything for a man especially if he ’s got a big cock – lift up that tartan dress , spread their legs wide and shove your big hard cock into their tight Asian pussies .
These oriental beauties are so subservient and wanting to please you can do anything you want to them – roll them over and fuck them hard in the ass and then blow your load on their faces .
They aim to please and give you the best orgasm ever !
Submissive Asian Girls : 1-888-299-9102 New Callers Get $ 5 Free Chat !
Call for details .
Always Horny Mature MILF ’s
These bored moms at home need to fuck while hubby ’s out at work .
Hot soccer moms , wickedly insatiable MILF ’s and sizzling hot sexy older women are the specialty on this line .
Their experience and wanton horniness will ensure you cum hard on this call !
They are at home waiting for your call now !
For more cheap MILF Phone Sex options CLICK HERE MILF ’s Toll - Free : 1-888-213-3824 New Callers Get $ 5 Free Chat !
Call for details .
Cheap Dirty Slut Nurse Calls …
Dial Toll FREE : 1-888-293-7514
And Your 1st 5 Minutes With That Slutty Nurse Are TOTALLY FREE !
Open up that XXX chat line and start your fantasy ride today .
Let ’s start with that naughty nurse you encountered not long ago .
You never knew these pretty nurses had such a filthy streak .
There you were , recuperating from a bad fall , your leg in a cast .
She ’s in your private room about to take your temperature .
As she bends over you she gives you a good glimpse of her cushioned cleavage in her open blouse .
Then comes the embarrassing part when your dick starts to get so hard it pokes right out of your hospital gown .
Being the dirty slut that she is , she offers to give you relief .
She unbuttons her nurse ’s uniform so that her big tits are almost spilling out .
Then she pulls out your cock and starts to give you some fucking good head .
Hot damn you feel like cumming in that pretty blonde nurse ’s mouth .
She slathers you in saliva and then before you can blink , she ’s climbing your dick like a rodeo .
She starts to gyrate and moan and tells you she ’s going to make you feel so much better .
Oh sure she will , especially when she ’s giving you your medicine : her sweet snug nurse ’s cunt .
Cheap Cuckold Sex - Line With Live Horny MILF’s :
1-888-213-3824
Your 1st 5 mins of LIVE Cuckold Sexchat are FREE !
Dirty cuckolding wives want to fuck and suck other guys in front of their cuckolded hubby ’s .
They ’ll spread their legs wide for you and let you fuck them and cum all over their wet gaping pussies – they will slide their wet mouths over your hard cock and give you the best head jobs ever right in front of their husbands .
These slutty bitches get off on it !
Give them a call NOW and let them share their cuckolding sexcapades with you – they need hard cocks and horny studs to satisfy them now – these girls are hot and wet all the time and want sex with any man they can get their legs or mouth wrapped around !
CHEAPEST TEEN PHONE SEXLINE : 888-299-5087
With $ 5 FREE Live Teen Chat On Your First Call !
Hey , I have another idea !
Why do n’t we find some sexy , horny barely legal teens ?
These girls like to do anything for a few bucks !
I had a cute one suck off my dick in the front seat of my car and then I stuck a few dollars in her hot cleavage .
I ’m getting so hard remembering how her innocent little mouth wrapped tight around my dick .
Fucking hell I need to have another one of those cheap teen phone sex calls so I can tell someone all about my dirty little escapades …
A Palestinian driver was shot and killed in Jerusalem Friday after running over two Israeli border patrolmen , with an apparent intent to kill .
Open gallery view Border patrolmen in East Jerusalem Credit : Tess Scheflan
The man reportedly hit two the two policemen in East Jerusalem neighborhood of Wadi al - Joz , with reported light injuries sustained by both victims .
According to police officials , the driver drove on a short distance , and then proceeding to flee the scene on foot .
Police officers called on the suspect to stop , and opened fire at him once it was clear he had ignored their instructions .
The Palestinian was evacuated by the Palestinian Red Crescent emergency service , causing the delay in the arrival of an official confirmation of his condition .
Earlier Friday , police officials told Army Radio they had raised their alertness level in East Jerusalem ahead of Friday prayers , fearing that riots would break in wake of the turmoil following Israel 's raid of a Gaza - bound flotilla at the end of last month , which resulted in the death of 9 of the activists on board of the flotilla flagship , the Mavi Marmara .
13 Ideas for Cheaper ( and Better ! ) Living
We all know that small things that we do can , over time , add up to big savings .
When you view frugality as a lifestyle , it becomes easier to find ways to save money every day .
Here are 13 every day things you can do to save money and live more frugally :
Use public transportation :
If you have public transportation , use that instead of driving yourself in to work .
You can get good exercise on your way to and from the stops , boosting your health and reducing those costs — on top of saving money on gas .
Look for discounts : Clip coupons , find promo codes , and comparison shop , to get good discounts on a number of items that you normally buy .
Avoid buying things you do n’t need or want : Periodically go through your home and see what you have .
Before you buy something , make sure that you really need or want it .
Double check to make sure you do n’t already have it stashed away somewhere , and then really think about whether you will use .
You can also declutter and simplify your life by refusing to bring unnecessary items into your home .
Use the library : Books , music , periodicals and movies can all be found at your local public library .
A great way to entertain yourself without spending a lot of money .
Go online :
You can find free TV shows online , and you can watch streaming movies for cheap .
Get rid of the cable or satellite subscription and get your entertainment for a low cost online with services such as Netflix .
Switch to VoIP :
If you ’re getting high speed Internet for movies and TV anyway , get rid of your landline and use VoIP .
You can get phone service for a low price , or you can use Skype and pay even less .
I love Skype ; it ’s how I make international calls .
Bonus :
Get your friends and family on Skype , and you all talk for free .
Plan around leftovers :
My husband and I make enough for two dinners , and have leftovers .
If you are feeling really ambitious , you can cook extras and freeze them for later .
Meal planning will help you grocery shop more effectively , and reduce the panicked run for takeout because you did n’t plan for dinner .
You can plan healthier meals as well .
Stop using the dryer : Hang your clothes to dry .
This can be done outside , or done using drying racks in your home .
We have a large , seldom used bathroom downstairs near the laundry area just perfect for this purpose .
You ’ll save on utility costs , and your clothes will last longer .
Put change into a savings jar :
Then every couple of months , take it to bank , invest it , or just use it for a “ fun night ” .
This can help you get into the habit of saving , and provide you with a little extra .
Ask for stuff when you need it :
Let people know when you are looking for something specific .
You might end up getting something on second for free or really cheap , just by getting the word out .
Learn to change your own oil :
It does n’t take that long , and it ’s not that hard .
You can save a lot when you do this .
Check with your city ’s waste department to learn how to discard the oil .
Many towns have free drop offs that will take care of the oil for you .
Plan family game nights : Instead of going out to dinner or the movies , consider having a family game night once a week .
This is an inexpensive way to have a lot of fun , and spend quality time with your loved ones .
Bring your lunch : Prepare your own lunch for work , and prepare your children ’s lunches for school .
This will save on buying lunch .
Many offices have fridges and microwaves , so it is possible to bring leftovers for lunch .
I did this frequently when I had an office job , and still do it now that I work from home .
We make enough for two dinners , and there is usually some left for a lunch — which I enjoy the third day .
Plus , the food you bring is often healthier than what you buy .
What tips do you have for frugal living ?
The situation in the Gulf is dire , and so far , there 's no end in sight .
Anderson Cooper reports live from the region as BP continues to try to stop the leak .
For the latest , watch " AC360° " tonight at 10 ET on CNN .
Venice , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
On day 46 of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , BP began to siphon oil from the ruptured undersea well to the surface , where it was flowing onto the awaiting drill ship Discover Enterprise .
As the recovery process started Friday , BP said it would shut four vents on top of a containment cap from which oil was still escaping into the ocean .
The company hoped that closing the vents would greatly reduce the amount of gushing crude , though there was still enormous uncertainty about the ultimate success of BP 's latest effort to contain and recover the oil .
U.S. Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the federal government 's response manager , said estimates of how much oil is being captured or whether any leaks develop will be determined later Friday .
President Obama , who said he was " furious at this entire situation , " arrived in Louisiana on Friday afternoon to get another firsthand look at the environmental damage and speak with political and business leaders .
Obama did not provide details about attempts to seal the well , but said " it does appear that the cap -- at least for now -- is holding . "
He quickly added , however , that it is " way too early to be optimistic . "
Officials should know more about the success or failure of the effort in next 24 to 48 hours , he said .
Researchers at the University of South Florida have completed laboratory tests confirming that the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico has collected into more than one oil plume beneath the surface .
The plumes are as wide as 6 miles , though their lengths are unclear , researchers said .
In the past , BP has denied that such large amounts of oil , which can choke fish and harm their eggs , have formed into underwater plumes .
However , on Tuesday , BP Managing Director Bob Dudley said , " The science of the plumes hanging in the water does n't feel right .
What happens is dispersant breaks the drops down into small drops and they move around and break down . "
Last month , Dudley told NPR that the plumes likely would not remain .
" Oil by nature , in its own specific gravity , is n't going to stay in a plume like that , " he said .
" It should rise to the surface , and then we 'll be able to attack the spill in that way . "
The university , which recently discovered a second oil plume in the Gulf , concluded that microscopic oil droplets are forming deepwater oil plumes .
" These hydrocarbons are from depth and not associated with sinking , degraded oil , but associated with the source of the Deep Horizon well head , " said David Hollander , a professor of chemical oceanography at USF .
On Thursday , Allen acknowledged " some anecdotal reports from research vessels from universities that have found dense plumes or what they believe to be plumes under the water . "
" We 're in the process of taking samples and trying to figure out what they are , " he said .
" They 're denser than the water , but we 're not sure whether it 's oil or not . "
The cost of the federal response effort to the spill totaled $ 93 million as of June 1 , according to a Friday letter from Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano and Allen to congressional leadership .
They are requesting Congress approve a proposed provision that would make available up to an additional $ 100 million to the Coast Guard .
The Obama administration has also sent a $ 69 million bill to BP for the government 's efforts to help deal with the spill .
The bill accounts for 75 percent of what BP owes to date , and the company has until July 1 to pay the full amount , an administration official said .
Oil that has already affected Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama is drifting steadily toward Florida .
A new trajectory from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issued Friday forecast oil onshore as far east as Destin , Florida , by Saturday afternoon .
Tar balls , tar patties and sheen were confirmed 10 miles from the Escambia County shoreline , and the primary oil plume , according to NOAA , was 30 miles from Pensacola , Florida .
Escambia County Commission Chairman Grover Robinson , whose district covers Pensacola , said he found tar balls the size of silver dollars and smaller while walking on the beach Friday morning .
He added that BP did n't send cleanup crews until hours later in the afternoon .
However , he said there was nothing unusual about the water , and that the beach remained open to tourists .
" You ca n't help but be passionate about Florida , " Gov. Charlie Crist said Friday about the state 's natural beauty and the importance of tourism .
What was needed now , he said , was strong leadership to get through the crisis .
" You 've got to keep a cool head in order to win a hot game , " he said .
BP remained optimistic but again warned that the containment cap had been positioned on a ruptured well head a mile below the ocean 's surface .
In a statement , the British oil giant said that the system 's ability to contain oil or its continued operation " cannot be assured . "
On Thursday night , BP completed a complex underwater maneuver .
After mixed success with cutting off a damaged pipe , BP positioned a cap over the ruptured well head , though the company was uncertain whether the cap 's seal would be snug enough to prevent oil from leaking out .
Even so , Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer , was hopeful .
" I think it should work , " he said .
Undersea images Friday showed a great deal of oil still spewing from the well .
Allen said the vents in the cap were designed to let oil escape to prevent cold water from entering and forming icy hydrates that could block the flow to the surface .
Only when the vents are closed will BP be able to determine whether the seal on the cap is snug enough to keep massive amounts of oil from gushing into the ocean .
BP 's progress was received with tempered applause .
" The placement of the containment cap is another positive development in BP 's most recent attempt to contain the leak .
However , it will be some time before we can confirm that this method will work , " said Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr.
Tony Russell .
" Even if successful , this is only a temporary and partial fix , and we must continue our aggressive response . "
The well may not be completely sealed off until at least until August , when BP hopes to finish drilling two relief wells .
" Our task is to contain the oil , ultimately to eliminate the leaking well and , most importantly , to clean up the oil , defend the shoreline and restore the shoreline where the oil comes ashore , so we return it to the original state , " said Tony Hayward , BP 's chief executive officer .
Hayward appears this week in television ads launched as part of a national campaign to restore the British oil company 's tarnished reputation .
In them , Hayward apologizes and promises to " make this right . "
However , state and local leaders said they are fed up with the way BP has approached the response .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said he told Obama Friday that " BP still has n't given the state a dime " to pay for its efforts in cleanup .
" We are moving forward with or without BP . "
He also blasted the company for not quickly compensating those who are out of work because of the spill .
" Our people deserve to be fully compensated for their losses , " Jindal said .
" Instead of BP shelling out $ 50 million on an ad campaign that promises to do good work in responding to this spill , BP should just focus on actually doing a good job and spend the $ 50 million on assistance to our people , our industries and our communities that are suffering as a result of this ongoing spill . "
A BP spokesman would n't put a price on the ad campaign , but said " not a cent is being diverted from the oil spill response . "
Protests against the oil company that sprouted this week are set to continue in several cities through the weekend .
And anger continued to fester in coastal communities .
Hayward said Friday that the company will establish a separate division to manage its response to the crisis .
BP has said that it has spent $ 1 billion so far but that it was too early to predict the ultimate financial blow .
" We 've got considerable firepower to deal with the costs , " said Chief Financial Officer Byron Grote , referring to $ 5 billion in available cash , $ 5 billion in bank credit lines and an additional $ 5 billion in standby credit facilities .
The BP well erupted after an explosion and fire on the leased Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 that killed 11 people .
The rig sank two days later , leaving up to 19,000 barrels ( 798,000 gallons ) of oil pouring into the Gulf daily , according to federal estimates .
BP , rig owner Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have all pointed fingers at one another for the disaster .
A crew of scientists who just returned from an eight - day mission researching the underwater oil impact of the spill has found life forms near the breached well head , officials with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Friday .
The researchers aboard the 224 - foot Gordon Gunter found " ample evidence of a lot of zooplankton , " said NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco .
" It 's not a dead zone .
There 's still a lot of life there . "
Zooplankton are organisms that drift through bodies of water , and many of them are not visible to the naked eye .
The question , she said , is how much of an impact the oil from the Deepwater Horizon disaster will ultimately have .
The researchers took underwater samples from within 3 nautical miles ( 3.45 miles ) of the well head .
The scientist are trying to determine how much oil is out there , in what concentrations and where it came from , Lubchenco said , adding that they " ca n't assume all the oil that is out there is from the Deepwater Horizon -- some of it may be from other sources . "
Cesc Fábregas has said that the ball is now firmly in Arsenal 's court over his possible move to Barcelona and that his future rests in the hands of Arsène Wenger .
Barcelona confirmed this week that they have made initial contact over a possible deal , with reports suggesting Fábregas had asked Arsenal to be allowed to move .
The player 's father , Francesc , was quoted as saying his son " wants the signing to be closed as soon as possible ...
I do n't know how this is going to end up , but I think that we need to respect the decision and the will of the player . "
But the Spain midfielder says he has held positive talks with Wenger , and has left the manager to decide what happens next .
Fábregas , also the Arsenal captain , said : " I will say only one thing – I have got massive respect for Arsène Wenger , Arsenal football club and the Arsenal fans .
Even in my own house , I have not felt as loved as I have at Arsenal .
I had a long conversation with Arsène and it was the greatest [ longest ] conversation I have had with anyone in my life .
" I respect him , so , so much and I do n't want to say anything more .
Wenger said to leave it in his hands and he will deal with whatever happens in the future .
It is now all about Arsenal – it is not in my hands .
Now I just wait : it is up to Arsenal .
Right now all I am thinking about is the World Cup : everything else is the future and I am not going to say anything else . "
Asked about his injury concerns , Fábregas said : " It was really disappointing to miss the last two months of the season : we were fighting for the league and the Champions League and to miss that is never great , especially as I felt I was in the best form of my career . "
Fábregas
Sr had said : " Arsenal have to respect the decision and the will of the player .
Cesc is now focused on the Spanish team but he wants to close the signing soon .
I get the feeling that the English club do not want to sell but in the end will finally give in and let Cesc go .
We just want this to end soon . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The ever - entertaining WorldNetDaily has a breaking exclusive this morning suggesting that President Obama may have caused the BP oil spill by dissing Israel .
Quoting the Biblical prophecies of Carl Gallups , a talk - radio host and Baptist pastor in Florida , WND reports :
April the 19th , Israel celebrates its independence in 2010 , ” Gallups says in narration on the video .
“ On April the 19th , Fox News reports that the U.S. will no longer automatically support Israel in the United Nations .
The next day , on April the 20th , the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explodes .
Coincidence ?
Or the hand and judgment of God ? ”
WND notes seriously that Gallups is n’t the only expert who thinks that America might be “ under a curse from God . ”
Referring to the Gulf spill ( which Gallups claims could eventually reach all the way to Europe ) , the 80 - year - old “ Biblical expert ” and Christian Zionist Hal Lindsey tells WND , “ I believe this is evidence that when you turn your back on Israel , especially when you ’ve been a supporter , you ’re gonna see judgments come from God . ”
Gallups and Lindsey are clearly not the first to suggest that the oil spill was indirectly caused by the Obama administration rather than say , oil company incompetence .
The environmental disaster has spawned all sorts of conspiracy theories .
Rush Limbaugh famously blamed environmentalists for causing the spill as part of their campaign to end deepwater oil drilling .
There are rumblings that BP blew up the well itself .
No doubt some religious homophobes have found a way to blame gays for the oil spill .
And of course , all of this was predicted in Revelations , a section of the Bible Gallups seems to have overlooked in his focus on Genesis and its support for Israel .
But it ’s always interesting to hear this kind of stuff coming from WND .
The conservative news site does tend to run lots of stories like “ European Antichrist Looking More and More Unlikely ” alongside its attempts to prove that Obama is not an American citizen .
But unlike Limbaugh or the other BP conspiracy theorists out there , WND actually claims to be a legitimate news outlet and the largest English - language Internet news site in the world .
It even has a White House correspondent .
In any event , those interested in seeing the oil spill prediction map that has oil washing up on the beaches of France along with a tutorial on the Jewish calendar can watch the Gallups video here .
If nothing else , it ’s good for a giggle :
Editor ’s Note : On May 10 , Mike Beltzner presented the vision for Firefox 4 ( the next major release of Firefox ) to the Mozilla community .
For more details , check out Mike Beltzner ’s blog post , reposted below .
Firefox 4 : fast , powerful , and empowering
Today , I presented an early product plan for Firefox 4 to the Mozilla community ( live , over the web ! ) to share our vision for the next version of Firefox , and what projects are underway to realize it .
Then I invited everyone to get involved by joining our engineering or product development efforts .
The primary goals for Firefox 4 will be making a browser :
Fast : making Firefox super - duper fast
Powerful : enabling new open , standard Web technologies ( HTML5 and beyond ! ) ,
Empowering : putting users in full control of their browser , data , and Web experience .
Usually software producers do n’t present these sorts of plans in public until they ’re finalized , but Mozilla is a little different .
We work in the open , socializing our plans early and often to gather feedback and build excitement in our worldwide community .
Not everyone could attend the presentation today , though , so I ’m sharing the slides and video here as well .
That said : please understand that these plans are fluid and are likely to change .
As with past releases , we use dates to set targets for milestones , and then we work together to track to those targets .
We always judge each milestone release against our basic criteria of quality , performance , and usability , and we only ship when it ’s ready .
If you have Firefox or a modern web browser that supports fully open HTML video , you can watch the presentation .
If you ’d just like to thumb through the slides yourself , I ’ve put them up on SlideShare :
As always we ’re interested in your feedback .
Use Rypple , or leave a comment here , or if you have specific thoughts about Firefox or our platform development you can join the discussion in :
Rush Limbaugh believes he knows why 16 million American schoolchildren will go hungry this summer , and it has nothing to do with soaring job losses or endemic poverty — the problem is kids ca n’t find their refrigerator or the local neighborhood McDonald’s .
Responding to an article Wednesday at AOL.com that reports 16 million children will go hungry this summer once free or subsidized school lunches are no longer available , Limbaugh suggested he would run a daily feature on his radio show all summer entitled “ Where to find food . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
And , of course , the first will be : “ Try your house . ”
It ’s a thing called the refrigerator .
You probably already know about it .
Try looking there .
There are also things in what ’s called the kitchen of your house called cupboards .
And in those cupboards , most likely you ’re going to find Ding - Dongs , Twinkies , Lays ridgy potato chips , all kinds of dips and maybe a can of corn that you do n’t want , but it will be there .
If that does n’t work , try a Happy Meal at McDonald’s… .
There ’s another place if none of these options work to find food ; there ’s always the neighborhood dumpster .
Now , you might find competition with homeless people there , but there are videos that have been produced to show you how to healthfully dine and how to dumpster dive and survive until school kicks back up in August .
Limbaugh suggested that the problem of childhood hunger is an artificial creation from people who believe that “ rotten ” parents “ let their kids go hungry . ”
“ God , this is just — we ca n’t escape these people , ” Limbaugh said , referring evidently to the author of the AOL article .
“ We just ca n’t escape them .
They live in the utter deniability of basic human nature .
They actually have it in their heads somehow that parents are so rotten that they will let their kids go hungry and starve , unless the schools take care of it . ”
The following audio was broadcast on The Rush Limbaugh Show , June 16 , 2010 , and uploaded to the Web by MediaMatters .
The Dallas Morning News
CIA commandos remain covert
October 27 , 2002
BY TOD ROBBERSON
KABUL , Afghanistan -
They do n't play by the normal rules because they do n't have to .
That 's a big reason why the United States increasingly prefers to deploy CIA paramilitary troops whenever it prepares to enter global hot spots such as Afghanistan or Iraq .
U.S. military officials and other analysts say the CIA has a long history of sending highly trained commandos to some of the world 's most dangerous places , sometimes well in advance of conventional fighting forces but often right alongside them .
The commandos ' job is to gather intelligence , work as forward observers and perform covert operations that mainstream U.S. forces legally are not allowed to do or cannot do because of their more public , high - profile status .
" The CIA gets a bad rap .
People tend to think that if the CIA is involved , there must be some kind of nefarious intent , " said Lt. Col.
Kevin M. McDonnell , commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Battalion , 3rd Special Forces Group .
His troops spent much of the past six months working alongside CIA agents and paramilitary units in operations against al - Qaeda and Taliban guerrillas in isolated areas of Afghanistan .
" They complement our mission .
But the experience in our ranks complements their mission as well .
They could not do what they do without us , and we could not do what we do without them , " he explained .
Allende and the Shah
The CIA 's reputation for nefarious behavior flourished in the 1970s and ' 80s , when the agency became linked to military coups , such as the one that overthrew Chilean socialist leader Salvador Allende in 1973 ; political assassinations ; and support of dictators such as Shah Muhammad Reza Pahlavi of Iran .
The agency maintained such a guarded silence about its activities that it was n't until 1997 that the CIA officially acknowledged its military role in the Bay of Pigs attack in Cuba in 1961 .
At the insistence of Congress , the CIA has undergone multiple reforms that made its activities seem more palatable to the public .
Analysts say the agency today is trying to polish its image by acknowledging a role in the early military campaign in Afghanistan - a rare admission that tries , in part , to offset the bad publicity surrounding intelligence failures that led to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
When American bombs started to fall on Afghanistan one year ago , military analysts said , CIA paramilitary units on the ground were already determining where U.S. attacks should be focused , where the enemy 's defenses were vulnerable , and how best to deploy conventional ground forces .
They interrogated prisoners on the spot to glean crucial battlefield intelligence .
Special activities
With the United States moving closer to military confrontation with Iraq , the CIA 's paramilitary force , known as the Special Activities Division , is making ready , said Charles Heyman , editor of London - based Jane 's World Armies .
" These units have been in Iraq for quite some time , " Mr. Heyman said .
" It would be inconceivable for them not to be , " given the magnitude of preparations by the Bush administration for a possible attack .
The CIA declined to comment .
A spokesman said the intelligence agency does not discuss any such operations .
At Bagram Air Force Base outside Kabul , where the bulk of U.S. military forces are based , officials make no attempt to hide the presence of CIA paramilitary units in their midst - or the fact that they deploy regularly with conventional forces on combat missions .
Col .
Roger King , the chief spokesman for U.S. - led coalition forces in Afghanistan , typically responds to questions about the CIA 's military role by acknowledging the presence on missions of " personnel from other U.S. government entities . "
He appears to take pains not to use the word " agency . "
Journalists are advised not to photograph the CIA agents or attempt to interview them .
There have been times when American men in military combat uniform , but without military insignia , have threatened to shoot reporters or photographers who encountered them during operations .
One confrontation erupted in northern Afghanistan in November , shortly before CIA paramilitary agent Johnny " Mike " Spann was killed during a battle with al - Qaeda and Taliban prisoners .
Col .
King said the Pentagon had wanted to send reporters on military missions with U.S. special forces units throughout the American deployment in Afghanistan .
But the presence of " personnel from another entity " on those missions frequently made it impossible , he said .
" At the end of the day , the most important aspect of these operations is that no one knows about them , " Mr. Heyman explained , adding that the CIA will go to extraordinary lengths to protect the identities and activities of its paramilitary agents .
" One of the great worries is that one of these guys is going to get killed .
No man is irreplaceable , but these guys almost are .
They are almost the jewel in the crown , " he said .
" They are so out of the ordinary , so valuable , that losing one or two of them can be an absolute disaster . "
Lt. Col. McDonnell said that , in many cases , the CIA selects its Special Activities Division agents from the ranks of retired special - operations personnel - experienced members of the Army 's Special Forces , the Marines ' Delta Force or the Navy Seals .
" These are not supermen .
It would probably surprise you how normal and mundane they really are , " he explained .
" The common thread they have is that they are an unusually patriotic group .
They do n't do this so they can participate in a parade or so they can have stories to tell their families , " he added .
" They do it so they can serve something bigger than themselves . "
Col .
King insisted that there was no redundancy in having a CIA special operations force on hand to perform functions that might be handled by non-clandestine military units .
But he acknowledged that , early in the Afghan campaign last year , there was a lack of coordination between the two groups .
" There is a maturing process that goes on in any theater of operations .
There was no central command early on , " he said .
Today , " we have pretty good cooperation and coordination " between the CIA and the U.S. military in Afghanistan .
" We have a specific group that does nothing but coordinate " between the two groups .
Friend or foe ?
Other analysts say the competition is fierce between the CIA and other military units .
" The turf wars between these organizations are horrendous .
They all loathe each other , " said one analyst , asking not to be identified .
" But they have to coordinate .
Otherwise , they might well end up performing the same operation or , worse , shooting at each other . "
Competition grew so bitter between the Pentagon and CIA in the 1990s that the U.S. government seriously considered absorbing the CIA 's paramilitary wing into the Pentagon 's special operations branch , arguing that there was no need for the CIA to operate its own army .
Former CIA analyst John A. Gentry disagreed in a 1995 paper about reforming the intelligence agency .
" The military can not handle the job .
And there are major diplomatic and domestic political risks associated with use of uniformed military personnel in such activities " as those performed by the CIA units .
" It is important to be able to maintain plausible deniability .
Use of American citizen - soldiers , poorly able or untrained in concealing their national heritage , sharply reduces our ability to conceal involvement , " Mr. Gentry wrote .
Undercover troops
Today , given the widely acknowledged success of the CIA 's paramilitary activities in Afghanistan , the opposite is being proposed : deactivating some military special operations personnel to enable them to work temporarily undercover with the CIA .
Analysts say there are many advantages .
The CIA faces far fewer accountability problems with Congress than does the Pentagon , said John Pike , director of the Washington - based nonprofit policy group GlobalSecurity.org .
" The CIA 's capabilities and activities are intended to be unacknowledged .
They are employed in countries where the fact of an American military presence would be damaging , " he said .
Mr. Heyman concurred : " It 's terribly political .
It means the secretary of defense or the president can stand up before Congress and declare , ' We do not have any military forces in this area . '
The CIA can do what it has to do in isolation . "
In addition to the rigorous training and psychological preparation received by all special operations personnel , members of the Special Activities Division receive specialized training at the Defense Department 's Harvey Point Defense Testing Activity , outside Hertford , N.C .
In his book , See No Evil : The True Story of a Ground Soldier in the CIA 's War on Terrorism , former CIA agent Bob Baer describes demolition training he received at Harvey Point using plastic and other types of explosives , along with four months of paramilitary training that began shortly after his recruitment in 1976 .
Mr. Pike said the CIA 's paramilitary history dates to the agency 's creation through the National Security Act of 1947 and even before , when paramilitary intelligence units formed the backbone of the Office of Strategic Services during World War II .
In Stephen E. Ambrose 's book Band of Brothers , Sgt. Robert " Burr " Smith alludes to service in the CIA after his service fighting with E Company , 101st Airborne Division in World War II .
In a 1979 letter , he said his World War II experience " led me to a new career with a government agency , which in turn led to eight years in Laos as a civilian adviser to a large , irregular force . "
Even in Afghanistan , the CIA 's dealings with irregular forces have created problems .
In the southeastern city of Khost last month , leaders of two rival militias complained that someone from the United States was paying off both sides to win their cooperation in the war against al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
Instead , the militias used the money to purchase weapons , which they then turned against each other .
Col .
King denied that the U.S. military had anything to do with such payments .
He said the denial did not necessarily extend to " other U.S. government entities . "
Reports also have been published linking U.S. government entities to militias involved in the opium trade in Afghanistan .
Drug smugglers often can obtain information regarding arms purchases and guerrilla activities , Col. King acknowledged .
But he said the U.S. military has a strict policy mandating that there be no dealings with any militia involved in the drug trade .
Asked if the policy extended to the CIA , he responded , " I do n't speak for them . "
Copyright 2002 Dallas Morning News
We 're losing interest in the Gulf of Mexico oil spill just a few weeks after it became a big media topic — and long before we 've even made a dent in cleaning up after this mess — if Internet search and discussion trends are to be believed .
An estimated 100 million gallons or more of oil have surged into the Gulf of Mexico .
Spread by wind and underwater currents , the pollution has drifted toward coastal areas , coating wildlife and natural environments in thick layers of crude oil .
Yet on Twitter , Google , blogs and even YouTube , we 're already wrapping up our collective discussion of the oil spill and how to repair its damage .
Twitter
On Twitter , the oil spill enjoyed a prolonged trending period thanks to @BPGlobalPR , a spoof account that snarkily lampooned the oil company 's woes and became a viral hit .
This Trendistic chart , however , shows that while we might share a laugh over a corporate blunder , our attention span has about hit its limit when it comes to tweeting about the oil spill :
At its June 15 peak , the term " oil spill " was found in .17 % of all tweets .
Currently , only .02 % to .05 % of tweets contain that term .
YouTube
The good folks at TubeMogul were kind enough to pull together some data for us .
This month , people are uploading clips about the oil spill at a rate of 226 clips per day , on average .
This might seem like a lot , but just last month , YouTube users were uploading around 1,021 oil spill videos each day .
That 's a decrease of nearly 78 % month - over - month .
And we 're not really interested in watching clips about the oil spill as much as we once were , either .
Here 's a chart showing views of videos from BP 's official YouTube account :
Google
As a web search term , " oil spill " is on the decline .
It first began to peak around April 30 , when news surfaced that oil was beginning to wash ashore .
The term reached its apex of popularity around May 27 and has since begun to fall .
Along with searches for this term , related news reports have plummeted .
In other words , when public demand declines , media coverage follows suit .
Not surprisingly , however , Louisiana residents are still searching for " oil spill " on Google , as are the residents of many other Gulf Coast areas .
New Orleans - area
Google users are by far the largest geographical group still searching for information about this disaster .
Here , you can see the relation between web search and news articles :
Blogs
Finally , the tireless bloggers of the web are also getting tired of talking about the oil spill .
Nielsen 's BlogPulse shows that during the third week a June , .4 % of all blog posts were about the oil spill .
Now that percentage hovers between .15 % and .175 % , a significant and disturbing slide .
What You Can Do
If you 'd like to get more involved , check out Sloane Berrent 's Six Ways to Help the Gulf Coast Today .
Berrent is a New Orleans resident and social philanthropist , and she has the 411 on how to do your part in the cleanup process , from donating your money to volunteering your time .
And at the very least , we should all continue this conversation until the matter is resolved — not just until we get bored and move on to the next hot topic .
Are you and your friends still talking about the oil spill ?
Have you found any good ways to help with cleanup ?
Let us know in the comments .
[ img credit : marinephotobank ]
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is supporting a legal challenge that seeks to reverse President Obama ’s six - month moratorium on deepwater oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
While the administration has been adamant about pausing all deep - water drilling until the cause of the Gulf oil spill is determined , Governor Jindal says the economic well - being of his state hangs in the balance .
In papers filed Sunday in federal court in New Orleans , Louisiana Attorney General James " Buddy " Caldwell wrote that the state would be “ crippled by the Deepwater Horizon disaster ” and that it is positioned to lose almost 11,000 direct and indirect jobs in five months .
But legal experts suggest that emergency moratoriums like this one are often difficult to reverse .
Companies impacted by the moratorium may have a sound case , but they face an uphill battle against public policy designed to ensure safety and prevent a second calamity , says Robert Weiss , a New York City attorney who is representing people who do not live in the Gulf but have property there in a class action lawsuit against BP .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
" If that judge allows drilling again and something happens , he ’ll be remembered forever for one thing , ” Mr. Weiss says .
Mr. Obama announced the 180 - day moratorium May 27 , saying the six - month timeline would give a presidential commission enough time to investigate safety issues in deepwater drilling .
Hornbeck Offshore Services , an offshore vessel operator in Covington , La. , is leading the legal challenge along with 12 other companies .
Their claim is that the ban is costing the local petroleum industry between $ 165 million and $ 330 million each month in lost revenue .
At a hearing in New Orleans Monday morning , US District Court Judge Martin Feldman said he would rule on whether or not to issue an injunction against the moratorium by Wednesday .
If moratorium is overturned , BP could benefit .
The company is becoming more vulnerable to lawsuits seeking damages , even by parties that have no direct connection to the explosion or the oil issuing from the well .
“ The moratorium is widening the number of victims dealing with economic loss , ” says Robert Jordon , a New York City attorney representing 500 commercial fishermen in the Gulf region in a lawsuit against BP .
Mr. Jordon says that the $ 100 million BP set aside last week to compensate displaced oil rig workers is in jeopardy of being drained by ancillary lawsuits the moratorium may generate .
“ If the moratorium is lifted , we can go back to focus on reimbursing people who are directly out of work because of the spill rather than indirectly , ” he says .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Related :
The Taoiseach Brian Cowen has now demanded an explanation from another Fianna Fáil Senator over his expenses .
Senator Larry Butler was claiming travel allowances from County Carlow , despite having a home and political base in Dublin .
It comes as pressure mounts on Senator Ivor Callely to resign from the Fianna Fáil party or have the whip removed , while he is under Parliamentary inquiry over his expenses .
Larry Butler was a Councillor in Dun Laoghaire from 1991 to 2007 when he was elected to the Seanad .
The Senator still owns a house in Foxrock on Dublin 's Southside and the Fianna Fáíl party insists he is a representative for Dun Laoghaire .
But he is insisting he moved to County Carlow in 2007 because he is originally from there .
This has allowed him claim € 20,000 a year more in travel expenses .
Fianna Fáil has confirmed the Taoiseach is demanding an explanation from Senator Butler over his expenses .
Meanwhile even though Senator Callelly insisting he has done nothing wrong his party is not willing to stand by him during the parliamentary probe of his expenses .
Last night a statement declared attempts to remove him from Fianna Fáil will be made by the Chief Whip at the next PP meeting unless he decided to remove himself first .
At least one member of the Bush family supports the new health care reform law .
President George W. Bush 's daughter , Barbara Bush , told Fox News ' Chris Wallace that she was happy the bill had passed .
" What do you think of Obama health care reform ? " asked Wallace .
" That is a good question .
Obviously , the health care reform bill was highly debated by a lot of people and i guess , I 'm glad that , you know , a bill was passed , " replied Bush .
The 28 - year - old Bush is a co-founder and president of Global Health Corps .
Oracle has made a move in support of R , the open - source language for statistical analysis .
Now available is a user interface for Oracle 's Data Mining software that is aimed at the many statisticians and data analysts who work with R but do n't know SQL or Oracle 's database technology well , according to an official blog postissued this week .
R was initially created by Ross Ihaka and Robert Gentleman at the University of Auckland in New Zealand .
It now has a sizable community of users , as well as a large number of add - on packages .
The new interface will join existing community - developed R packages for Oracle , including a database driver and a user interface .
Oracle 's new interface is entirely external to its software , consisting of function wrappers that pass information between the R environment and the database as PL / SQL queries , according to the blog post .
Although the interface is downloadable at no charge , R users would still have to invest in Oracle products .
The vendor 's Data Mining database option is listed at US $ 23,000 for a processor license , plus annual support , according to an official price list .
Recognizing its growing influence and mainstream profile , rival analytics and database vendors such as IBM and SAS Institute have also moved to support R. Smaller companies , such as Revolution Analytics , have sprung up as well , offering R- related software and services .
Chris Kanaracus can be reached at Chris_Kanaracus@idg.com .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
At his long - awaited press conference on the Gulf oil disaster last month , President Obama announced a moratorium on new oil drilling and exploration for six months .
“ We ca n’t do this stuff if we do n’t have confidence that we can prevent crises like this from happening again , ” he declared .
But while existing rigs may be out of commission for the near future , the administration has n’t exactly put the brakes on new oil and gas drilling ventures .
In recent weeks , the government has quietly approved the sale of more than 400 new leases for vast swaths of the Gulf of Mexico .
And these contracts — which mark the first step in the drilling process — were subjected to the same slapdash environmental oversight that failed to prevent the BP catastrophe .
The region was included in a plan created by the Bush administration ’s Department of the Interior to lease new areas of the Gulf to the oil and gas industries .
But it was Obama ’s Interior secretary , Ken Salazar , who gave the go - ahead for the sale of Lease 213— 6,800 tracts covering 36 million acres off the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi , and Alabama in November 2009 .
The sale — which was held on March 17 this year in the New Orleans Superdome — attracted $ 1.3 billion in bids .
Since then , the Department of the Interior ’s Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) has approved the sale of 448 of those tracts , 198 of them in deepwater , which is defined as more than 656 feet below the sea .
BP is the proud new leaser of 13 of those tracts .
The lease sale is the first step in the oil drilling process .
Companies must first obtain the right to drill the tracts before they can devise exploration plans , which must be approved by MMS .
And that ’s where the problem lies .
MMS has been notorious for rubber - stamping the oil industry ’s plans .
The lease for the well that ’s spewing oil into the Gulf , the Macondo , was sold in March 2008 .
The exploration plan for that well was granted a “ categorical exclusion ” from the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act ( NEPA ) in April 2009 , paving the way for drilling to begin .
Earlier , in April 2007 , MMS completed a 924 - page Multisale Environmental Impact Statement for the Gulf region — covering both the site of the Deepwater disaster and these new tracts leased by the government .
The statement projects that an “ estimated 2 - 3 blowouts could occur ” in the central Gulf in an average year , but significantly downplays the potential impact of a large spill .
Most blowouts have a “ short duration , and half of blowouts lasted less than half a day , ” the statement says , projecting that a large spill would only “ acutely threaten recreational beaches for up to 30 days . ”
The document also states that a large spill would only have a 23 to 25 percent risk of harming the waters of western Louisiana .
That sunny evaluation served as the basis for an October 2009 environmental assessment specifically covering Lease 213 .
This study found that “ no new significant impacts were identified ” for the region beyond those named in the initial report .
Therefore , no additional investigation or precautions would be necessary .
This document also argued that the impact of oil development on the Gulf would be negligible .
“ The effect of proposed Lease Sale 213 - related oil spills on fish resources and commercial fishing is expected to cause less than a 1 percent decrease in standing stocks of any population , commercial fishing efforts , landings , or value of those landings , ” the document said , concluding , “ [ T ] here would be very little impact on commercial fishing . ”
“ That environmental assessment is virtually worthless .
It does not at all address the likelihood or potential impact of what ’s currently occurring in the Gulf , which is a major blowout , ” says Mike Senatore , vice president for Conservation Law at Defenders of Wildlife .
“ They ’re essentially acting as if nothing has changed and we ’re going to keep moving ahead with business as usual . ”
The problem , adds Senatore , is that MMS ’ cursory environmental analysis of the lease sale is as good as it gets .
Once a lease sale has been approved , there ’s rarely any additional environmental scrutiny of drilling proposals .
Most exploration plans are granted a categorical exclusion from a more detailed review under NEPA .
Defenders of Wildlife and the Southern Environmental Law Center ( SELC ) have sued MMS in the federal district court in Mobile , Alabama , to challenge the sale of these leases , arguing that the environmental assessment was inadequate and should be given a second look in light of the Gulf disaster .
The Center for Biological Diversity has also filed suit against the Department of Interior for granting NEPA waivers , and has signaled that it intends to sue over lax enforcement of both the Marine Mammals Protection Act and Endangered Species Act in the Gulf .
The biggest concern , argue SELC and Defenders of Wildlife , is that once these leases are sold , it ’s unlikely the government will reverse course on drilling .
Once the oil companies pay for the rights , the government can’t cancel the contract unless it pays back the lessee either the fair market value of that lease or the amount spent to obtain the bid , plus costs and interest .
“ It becomes a financial issue for the government to cancel a lease once it ’s issued , ” says Derb Carter , senior attorney and director of the Carolinas office of the Southern Environmental Law Center .
“ They should have immediately halted the leasing and gone back and evaluated the potential environmental impact of drilling in light of the BP disaster . ”
MMS has come under heavy criticism in past weeks for continuing to approve exploration plans and other incidental steps that help keep the drilling process moving forward , even if the administration has called a halt to new drilling and existing exploratory operations .
The agency ’s defense in numerous congressional hearings on the Gulf disaster has been that its hands are tied by law .
Under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands
Act , the agency only has 30 days to complete an environmental review and act on an application to permit drilling — meaning it does n’t have time to complete a full NEPA review .
But when it comes to doing due diligence on lease sales , this argument does n’t wash .
The agency has 90 days to consider bids , and can extend that period by “ 15 working days or longer ” if necessary .
The government is also under no obligation to accept a bid .
Nancy Sutley , chair of the Council on Environmental Quality ( CEQ ) , admitted at a May 18 Senate hearing that categorical exclusions under NEPA have become “ widely used throughout the government ” in recent years .
The exclusions are “ intended to be used in areas where we have extensive experience ” and where development is “ known to have little environmental effect , ” she said .
In February , CEQ acknowledged the need for better enforcement of NEPA with new guidelines , and shortly after the Gulf disaster began announced a review of NEPA enforcement at MMS in particular .
The Department of Interior has also asked Congress to extend the review period for drilling permits to 90 days to allow more time for environmental analysis .
( MMS did not respond to requests for comment on the new leases . )
But if MMS is serious about taking a more cautious approach to drilling , it could simply hold off on these new leases until tougher oversight procedures are in place .
“ They are effectively putting the taxpayer on the hook if and when they get around to revisiting their environmental assessment , ” says Senatore .
“ Now is the time to shut the process down , go back , fix the environmental analysis before you get into this cycle of losing your ability to say no . ”
Tethering 's the talk of the town in the smartphone world these days , and Android is no exception .
With the introduction of Sprint 's mobile hotspot option for its HTC EVO 4G -- not to mention the newly unveiled $ 20 - a - month tethering plan for that other smartphone platform -- there 's a lot of confusion over what you can and can't do when it comes to Android and tethering .
Tethering , in case you are n't familiar with the term , is using your Android phone like a wireless modem :
You connect your phone to a computer , then harness its 3G or 4G connection to surf the Web on your PC .
That brings us to this week 's Android Power reader question , which comes from tether - longing Android fan David W .
David writes :
I 've seen you say that you can tether for free on Android .
I have the EVO 4G .
Do n't I have to buy Sprint 's $ 30 hotspot plan in order to do it on my phone ?
David 's question is one I 've been hearing a lot lately .
The simple answer is that if you own the EVO 4G and want full mobile hotspot functionality -- that is , being able to connect multiple devices to your phone over Wi-Fi at the same time -- then yes , in most cases , you 'll have to pay for Sprint 's $ 30 - a - month plan .
( There is a way around this , but it 's a pretty complex and risky procedure that involves rooting your phone . )
If traditional tethering is what you 're after , though -- connecting one device to your phone at a time via USB or Bluetooth -- that 's something you can do very easily without paying a dime .
In fact , you can do it regardless of what Android phone you 're using or what version of Android you 're on .
Just do n't tell your iPhone - toting friends .
[ Related : When 's your phone getting the Android 2.2 upgrade ? ]
Here 's a five - minute guide to tethering with your Android phone .
And remember , if you have an Android - related question of your own , send it in to ask@androidpower.com .
I 'll answer it here soon .
Android Tethering : Words of Warning
First , a quick caveat : Some carriers may object to tethering .
They may scream , cry , issue a nominal fee , or possibly even string you up by your toes if they discover you 're doing it .
Others do n't mind so much .
And , just between you and me , most carriers wo n't actually know you 're tethering unless you suddenly start downloading copious amounts of data over your newfound connection .
Finally , not to name any names , but one carrier in particular ( cough cough , AT&T ) tends to restrict what its users can and can't install on their Android phones , thereby defeating one of the core principles of the Android platform .
If you 're on this carrier , you may run into trouble finding and installing apps related to tethering .
There are some backdoor workarounds , but they 're a bit on the advanced side ( hint : the SIM card is what tells your phone it 's connected to AT&T ) , so you 'll have to decide what you want to do .
Long story short , make sure you read the fine print of your carrier 's wireless usage agreement , and proceed at your own risk .
Capisce ?
Android Tethering : Preparing Your Phone
All right , ready to get on with it ?
There are several ways you can go about tethering your Android phone .
I 'm going to focus on the one I 've found to be the quickest and easiest , not to mention the least wallet - draining ( you know , because it 's free ) .
First , head over to the Android Market and search for " PdaNet , " or scan the barcode at right for instant access .
Go ahead and install that bad - boy to your phone .
Now , on whatever computer you want to use for tethering , click over to the PdaNet Web site and download the companion PC program .
You 'll find options for Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 , and Mac OS 10.5 and 10.6 .
The basic edition of the PdaNet PC utility is free , though if you need to access secure ( https )
Web sites during your tethering , you will have to spring for the paid edition .
So far so good , eh ?
Well , grab a cold beverage :
You 're done with the heavy lifting and ready to tether .
Android Tethering : Starting Your Connection
Once you 're ready to actually begin a tethering connection , you need to adjust one little setting on your Android phone :
Tap your phone 's Menu key and select Settings , then Applications , then Development .
Now check the box that says " USB Debugging " and press " OK " when the confirmation box appears .
This will allow the PdaNet app to directly stream data from your phone to your PC .
Be sure to go back into this same menu and turn it off when you 're done using the tethering function .
At this point , you 're ready to plug your Android phone into your PC via USB .
Once it 's connected , run the PdaNet app on your phone and select the " Enable USB Tether " option on the program 's main screen .
( You 'll also notice an option for Bluetooth - based connections ; if your computer has Bluetooth capabilities , you can select this to connect to your PC wirelessly instead of using USB . )
The app will now tell you that it's on and running as a background service .
Next , just head over to your PC and find the PdaNet icon .
On Windows machines , it 'll be a rectangular cell - phone - like symbol in your system tray .
Right - click the icon and select " Connect " from the pop -up menu .
That 's it -- you 're done !
Your PC is officially tethered to your Android phone , and you should be able to surf the Web at will using your phone 's 3G or 4G connection .
That , my friends , is Android power .
Author JR Raphael writes the new Android Power blog at Computerworld .
You can find him on Facebook : facebook.com / The.JR.Raphael
This story , " How To Tether Your Android Phone For Free " was originally published by Computerworld .
A Burnaby Mountie got a taste of a postman 's life when he was attacked by a Jack Russell Terrier mid-arrest on Thursday July 1st .
Footage shows him calmly completing the arrest of a female suspect even as her angry Terrier tears at his pant leg , which it had already ripped off up to the plain clothes officer 's knee .
The officer was responding to a call of shots fired in the area of Byrne Road and Lowland Drive . 2 suspects , a man and a woman , were stopped in a car and arrested .
A rifle was seized and the man is facing firearms charges .
The dog was brought to the Burnaby police station and later reunited with its owners , according to police .
Both suspects were released but the male is scheduled to appear in court to face the charges .
Health Ranger interviews Jeffrey Smith
Check out the Non-GMO shopping guide
( NaturalNews ) I received an urgent alert from Jeffrey Smith today about a dangerous situation taking place right now at the international CODEX conference .
The U.S. is attempting to push its agenda toeverywhere around the world .
This would result inas consumers are left in the dark about whether their foods and grocery products are genetically modified or not .
Your help is urgently needed to send a message to the Secretaries of State ( Clinton ) , Agriculture ( Vilsack ) , and Health and Human Services ( Sebelius ) to urge them to halt the USA 's nefarious attempts to install a global GMO deception .
Take part in this online petition , go here : Please understand that the U.S. is attempting to , thereby making it illegal for a non-GMO food product to even claim " non-GMO " on the label .
If the U.S. succeeds in this global GMO cover - up , the FDA could seize any products in the USA that make " non-GMO " claims .
Additionally , the USA could file lawsuits through the World Trade Organization against any country that allows non-GMO labeling or claims on its products .
Why is the U.S. pursuing such a devious and sinister course of action ?
Because , as you well know , virtually the entire federal government caters to the financial interests of powerful corporations -- and these include the " Big Ag " giants like Monsanto that want to patent all seeds while destroying themovement .
They want to turn non-GMO foods into violations of the law and thereby strip all such products from store shelves .
They want to keep American consumers left in the dark , ignorant of the real dangers posed by GMOs .
And of course , they want to dominate the entire U.S. food supply with their toxic GMO crops .
These powerful , dangerous corporations are willing to doto achieve their global agenda , including forcing GMO censorship on the entire world .
They might just get away with it , too , unless you join us in speaking up right now to oppose this devious and dangerous action .
Add your voice to the online petition right here : Watch my recent interview with Jeffrey Smith at the Health Freedom Expo in California .
Here , Jeffrey reveals the astounding truth about how dangerous GMOs really are for your health : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBPY6rcgoTs
The non-profitoffers a fantastic freeavailable at http://www.nongmoshoppingguide.com/SG/Home/i...
Check it out .
There , you can learn which products are truly non-GMO , and you can learn how to avoid products that are most likely made with GMOs .
It teaches you to avoid corn , soybeans , canola and cottonseed ingredients , among other things .
It 's sponsored by some of the most responsible natural products companies in the business : Nutiva , Nature 's Path , Straus , Woodstock Farms and others .
NaturalNews plans to expand its coverage of GMOs in the weeks ahead .
Watch for more updates as this saga on GMOs is unveiled .
( CNN ) --
How will we travel in the future ?
Belgian architect , Vincent Callebaut thinks it might be like this -- floating from one place to another in giant eco-airships .
Called " Hydrogenase , " the project combines engineering and biology and is inspired by biomimicry -- design inspired by nature 's models and systems -- he says .
Clearly not someone lacking in imagination , Callebaut envisages his eco-airship towering 400 meters high , 180 meters wide and powered by a seaweed biofuel .
Eight compartments are housed inside a protective skin made of glazed canvas and carry fuel -- " bio-hydrogen , " of course -- and passengers .
But this is n't just a floating theme park -- Callebaut envisions his airship helping with humanitarian missions or scientific studies as well as housing hotels and entertainment .
When it's not soaring to an altitude of 6,500 feet and reaching a top speed of 175 kilometers per hour , the airship is docked in a floating organic farm which recycles CO2 .
As with the airship , the farm is completely powered by renewable energy using solar panels and hydro turbines .
Callebaut 's extraordinary plans for what he calls a " biotechnological prototype " are currently on display at the Future Pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai , China .
" Hydrogenase " is the latest in an impressive portfolio of ecologically influenced ideas of how the future might look .
In 2008 he drew up plans for a " floating ecopolis " aimed at saving climate refugees and in 2007 the " perfumed jungle " imagined the construction of a vast jungle on the central waterfront in Hong Kong .
NEXT month , amid the usual hoopla , Apple will unveil its latest gadget : the much - awaited iPhone 4G .
Halfway round the globe from the company 's California headquarters , a young worker who has spent months in a Chinese hospital wants consumers to look beyond the shiny exterior of such gadgets .
'' People should know what we do to create these products and what cost we pay , '' said Bai Bing .
She is one of scores of young workers in the city of Suzhou who were poisoned by the chemical n- hexane , which they say was used to clean Apple components including iPhone touch screens .
Wu Mei - who , like the others , asked me to use her nickname - recalled her fear as her health suddenly deteriorated .
At first , she thought she was simply tired from the long working hours at Wintek , a Taiwan - owned electronics giant .
She was weaker and noticed she could not walk as fast .
'' Then it became more and more serious .
I found it very hard to go upstairs and if I squatted down I did n't have the strength to get up .
Later my hands became numb and I lost my balance - I would fall over if someone touched me . ''
By the middle of last year , she was admitted to hospital , where doctors struggled to diagnose the cause .
'' I was terrified .
I feared I might be paralysed and spend the rest of my life in a wheelchair , '' she said .
As my colleague Brian Stelter reported last month , Mr. King ’s audience has been cut in half since the presidential election , to an average of just 725,000 viewers a night , a number that ranked him far behind Sean Hannity on Fox News , Rachel Maddow on MSNBC and even at times behind the relatively new “ Joy Behar Show ” on HLN , CNN ’s sister network .
Mr. King ’s contract is up a year from now , and while CNN had no specific comment on succession , a spokeswoman did remind us that Mr. King is still a force , regardless of what the ratings say :
“ The world has never seen a better or more influential talk show host than Larry King , ” said Christa Robinson , the spokeswoman .
“ While the media regurgitates speculation about his coveted role , Larry is busy organizing a telethon on Monday night to raise money to help clean up the gulf the way he raised nearly $ 10 million for Haiti earthquake relief a few months ago .
That kind of influence and impact is exceedingly rare . ”
It ’s nice that the network is supportive of a talent that helped build its identity , but is this really how CNN wants this all to play out ?
It ’s not as if the idea that Mr. King ’s reign might end came out of nowhere .
He has always been a bit of a cartoon , but a willing one , and he made for good television as he wobbled his way toward greater truths using a regular - guy approach to inordinately famous or newsworthy people .
Not any more .
On Thursday night , he took on BP ’s Congressional testimony with four highly politicized commentators and failed to tame the lions .
Each segment ended in unwatchable cross -talk .
Earlier in the week , he stepped up on the gulf story by interviewing Sammy Kershaw , a country singer and candidate for lieutenant governor of Louisiana , but seemed powerless as Mr. Kershaw kidnapped the show by reading a windy infomercial about the glories of gulf seafood from notes scribbled on a piece of paper .
In the same week , his show tacked to the tabloid side of the news , with interviews of the family of the slain Peruvian woman , a death for which Joran van der Sloot has been charged .
Mr. Van der Sloot is a suspect in the earlier , much followed disappearance of the Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba .
BUY GEORGE
For those with BP fatigue or a case of contemporary melancholy , we bring spirited news .
For the first time since George Washington ’s personal distillery burned down in 1814 , the public can buy his very own rye whiskey , bottled at a reconstructed site near Mount Vernon .
The “ extremely limited edition ” whiskey uses the General ’s own recipe , discovered by historians in the mansion ’s deep records .
By the way , Washington produced 11,000 gallons of the spirit back in the day , and the distillery is the “ gateway of the American Whiskey Trail . ”
Wait .
Who knew ?
The 375 ml bottles are $ 85 ; proceeds benefit Mount Vernon ’s education programs ( www.mountvernon .org ) .
“ One could either sip it or make it into an authentic pre-Prohibition Manhattan or Old Fashioned , ” an informed source tells Inside the Beltway , adding that Virginia state Sen.
Linda Puller ; Peter Cressy , president of the Distilled Spirits Council ; Jim Rees , president of Historic Mount Vernon , and snappy Washington re-enactor Dean Malissa will be on hand for the inaugural tasting .
CURTAIN CALL
Behold the sideshows inspired by Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan ’s confirmation hearings , now in finale stage .
The most daring of the pundit wags have declared that Ms. Kagan reminds them of either Rosie O’Donnell or Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
Meanwhile , Sen .
Al Franken was doodling during the proceedings ; the Minnesota Democrat ’s sketch of Sen. Jeff Sessions in No. 2 pencil on white paper ai n’t half bad , in fact .
The Alabama Republican ’s spectacles are shown precisely at the right angle , and midway down his nose .
There has not been a vuvuzela problem .
Vampires were another matter .
Sen .
Amy Klobuchar , another Minnesota Democrat , asked Ms. Kagan to weigh in on the ongoing “ Twilight Saga ” debate , rating vampires over wolfmen ; she declined to answer .
Maybe the question should have been framed as Bela Lugosi vs. Lon Chaney Jr.?
Among press descriptors of the hearings : “ artful dodge , ” “ typical non-answers , ” “ charm offensive , ” “ cruising . ”
Of note : The Washington Times ’ online reader poll finds that 87 percent of the respondents are not impressed by Ms. Kagan ’s demeanor during the hearings .
They are not alone .
“ What have you been doing during Elena Kagan ’s confirmation hearings ?
If you are like most of America , you have been dutifully ignoring them , ” observes Gawker.com ’s Max Read .
HEAPING SPOONFUL
The White House “ pool report ” - this detail observed by Politico ’s Kendra Marr - reveals that President Obama insisted on paying for his own giant “ Kringle ” pastry during his visit to a Danish bakery in Wisconsin on Wednesday .
Mr. Obama paid cash .
On the spot .
A good habit , Mr. President .
Some Republicans , however , are not happy with other sweetening that took place , however .
“ The White Houses ‘ Recovery Summer ’ sales pitch is completely out of touch with reality , ” says Rep. Tom Price of Georgia .
“ With millions struggling to find work and make ends meet , this is no time for a victory lap .
I hope the president and his Democrat colleagues will finally stop sugarcoating the facts and level with the American people . ”
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
Daily Kos founder Markos Moulitsas was upfront about publishing faulty poll numbers at his website over the last 18 months .
What about everybody else ?
“ Will those figures in the media who ’ve advanced Daily Kos poll results , like MSNBC ’s ‘ Hardball ’ host Chris Matthews , let their viewers know of the suspect data ? ” asks Geoffrey Dickens , an analyst at Newsbusters.com .
“ Back on the February 2 , 2010 , edition of ‘ Hardball , ’ Matthews as part of his ‘ Sideshow ’ segment , alerted viewers to the results of ‘ a wild new poll of Republicans ’ that showed 58 percent of them did n’t believe or were n’t sure that Barack Obama was born in the U.S. and 64 percent of GOPers agreed or were n’t sure that the president was a ‘ racist who hates white people . ’ ” Mr. Dickens notes .
Retractions , anyone ?
W AND CONDI
Together again , huzzah .
Southeastern University announced Wednesday that former President George W. Bush and Condoleezza Rice , secretary of state from 2005 to 2009 , will top the list of distinguished speakers at the school ’s fifth annual National Leadership Forum .
But do n’t panic .
The event is not until March .
The distinguished pair will address “ Teamwork at the Highest Level , ” while the campus showcases “ servant leadership ” - the idea that the best leaders are those who seek first to serve and then to lead .
“ Our country is in desperate need of leaders who emphasize integrity , collaboration and trust , ” says chancellor Tommy Barnett , who notes that evangelist Franklin Graham and Super Bowl MVP Kurt Warner are also among the speakers .
THAT’S THE TICKET
The Charles County Republican Central Committee hosts its annual fund - raising dinner on Thursday , with special guest former Maryland Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. , who hopes to rerun to office , and return the state to “ fiscal sanity . ”
Mr. Ehrlich also will introduce his selection for lieutenant governor .
Stay tuned .
The Republicans are ready to rumble in the Old Line State .
POLL DU JOUR
c 82 percent of Americans say it ’s important to cut the deficit in half by 2013 .
c 71 percent say it ’s “ not likely ” that will happen .
c 67 percent of Democrats favor a mix of spending cuts and tax increases to lower the deficit .
c 54 percent of Republicans and 49 percent of independents favor spending cuts alone .
c 50 percent overall favor spending cuts and tax increases .
c 39 percent favor only spending cuts .
c 2 percent favor only tax increases .
c Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 adults conducted June 28 and 29 .
c Hurrahs and hand - wringing to jharper@ washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
There are innumerable bits of information floating around in the battle over the narrative of this national disaster .
This one is particularly disturbing .
From AOL ’s Daily Finance just over a week before the spill :
“ … the days of independence have come to an end for Boots & Coots as the company has agreed to sell out to Halliburton ( HAL ) for $ 240.4 million . ”
M&A in the industrial and oil services sectors is totally normal , but the timing in this case , is not .
Boots &
Coots sure seems like the perfect company to own if it would soon become necessary to get more involved with some oil disaster ( emphasis mine ) :
Boots & Coots has two core businesses .
First , there is Pressure Control , which involves prevention and risk - control services for oil - and gas - well fires and blowouts .
A key to this area was the acquisition of John Wright , which developed sophisticated technologies to measure well integrity .
Next , Boots & Coots has a Well Intervention division , which helps enhance production for oil and gas operators .
This business is likely to benefit nicely from the trend toward unconventional resource plays ( such as extracting energy from shale ) .
Boots & Coots greatly expanded this division with the acquisitions of Oil States International and StassCo .
Does this strike readers as a coincidence ?
If so , it ’s a pretty lucky one for Halliburton .
More ongoing coverage about the state of the oil spill .
Image credit : wools via Flickr under a CC license
The FAA wants to bring the aviation industry into the 21st century , and one particularly terrifying area of their research , announced today , is the possibility of commercial planes that fly themselves .
What could go wrong , besides just about everything ?
Advertisement
The work falls under the umbrella of FAA 's NextGen initiative , which looks to update many facets of our aging aviation infrastructure .
Boeing subsidiary Insitu is providing the regulators with two ScanEagle drones for testing in New Jersey .
There 's a good deal of work that has to be done before the days when a robot pilot will tell you you 're free to move about the cabin — drones are currently cleared for flight on a case - by - case basis and are only allowed in restricted airspace .
The FAA will be looking at how they can be integrated with existing air traffic control systems and eventually replace some of our more inefficient commercial aircraft .
Advertisement
The FAA will have to quell the concerns of skeptics , like the Government Accountability Office , who released a report on the dangers of integrating unmanned aircraft into commercial aviation last year .
Whatever , they 're just a bunch of future - haters .
[ Network World via PopSci ]
Mexico was once an up and coming nation .
There were a lot of power struggles as ex-pats arrived , opened businesses and prospered .
At the start of the 19th Century Mexico was a churning cauldron for it was thought to be come a major power .
Politics was often fought with guns , and there was unrest .
By 1828 the situation reached the breaking point .
The President of Mexico , Manuel Gómez Pedraza , fired Lorenzo de Zavala from his post as Governor of the state of México .
Zavala was not pleased .
And he could do something about it .
He gained the support of Antonio López de Santa Anna , a General ..
This meant the army would join his cause .
For four days there was fighting in the busy streets of Mexico City .
A great deal of property was destroyed .
Some of it belonged to foreign nationals .
There were no diplomats to effect any kind of settlement and most of the ex-pats accepted the loss .
Most ex pats , not a French pastry chef , Monsieur Remontel .
The Chef appealed to King Louis - Phillipe of France .
He advised that his shop in the Tacubaya district of Mexico City had been ruined by looting Mexican officers in 1828 .
Without slow communication , it was not until 1838 the King of France demanded 600,000 pesos in damages on behalf of all French nationals who had suffered loss due the Mexican confusion .
Baron Deffaudis conveyed this ultimatum to Mexico ; pay or else .
The payment was not made .
Image caption
More than 30 women were ejected from the stadium because of the dresses
South African prosecutors have dropped charges against two Dutch women accused of a marketing stunt at the World Cup .
The pair were arrested last week at the match between Denmark and the Netherlands .
They were accused of " ambush marketing " by wearing orange mini-dresses associated with a Dutch brewery and breaking strict Fifa marketing rules .
The Dutch foreign minister strongly condemned the arrests .
" The charges have been dropped .
Fifa indicated that they have no interest in proceeding with the matter , " said National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Mthunzi Mhaga .
" They reached an agreement with Bavaria Beer company , " he said .
' Outrageous '
Under South African laws brought in after it was chosen to host the football tournament , the women could have been sentenced to prison terms by special World Cup courts .
" It is outrageous that the two women have a jail term hanging over their heads for wearing orange dresses in a football stadium , " Maxime Verhagen said in a statement .
The case has led to the sacking of English football commentator and former footballer Robbie Earle .
He was found to have passed on some of the tickets used by the women from his allocation for friends and family , in breach of Fifa rules , and was promptly sacked by employer ITV .
With a large chunk of Fifa 's revenue coming from selling World Cup marketing rights , it vigorously pursues anyone who tries to associate itself with the tournament , reports the BBC's Jonah Fisher from Johannesburg .
Earlier this year a local low - cost airline was forced to withdraw an advertising campaign that boasted it was the " Unofficial National Carrier of the You - Know - What " .
A CAMPAIGN for a clothing brand is rolling up its sleeves , figuratively and literally , as the ads are set in an actual distressed town and the advertiser donates money to help revitalization efforts there .
The campaign is for the flagship Levi ’s brand sold by Levi Strauss & Company , and it is the start of the second year of an initiative that carries the theme “ Go forth . ”
The ads are being filmed and photographed in Braddock , Pa. , which attracted national attention in the last year for attempts by the mayor , John Fetterman , to address the dire straits of the town after decades of economic decline .
Levi Strauss executives plan to put their money where their pants are , donating more than a million dollars over a two - year period to assist Braddock in renovating a community center and further developing an urban farming program .
And the company will forgo using models for the campaign , instead casting residents of the Braddock area and paying them to appear in the ads .
Some ads will include the words “ Braddock , Pa. ” in a corner .
When a teacher ’s aide at Saddleback High School in Santa Ana , CA was arrested for molesting one of the special - ed students under his care , the school district ’s first impulse was to cover the incident up and hope no one would find out .
Now the student ’s parents have sued the Santa Ana Unified School District for negligently keeping on an employee that other parents had been complaining about for years .
The district ’s lawyers have responded by not only blaming the mentally disabled girl for her own abuse but asking that the judge dismiss the charges and make the victim ’s family pay the district ’s legal fees .
ADVERTISEMENT
The seventeen - year - old victim , who has cerebral palsy , has the mental capacity of a seven - year - old and is confined to a wheelchair .
Because she is unable to speak , no one knows exactly what was happening when another school employee found her alone in a room with Alonso Manuel Gonzalez , with her shirt pulled up and her breasts exposed , but the incident resulted in the aide ’s arrest for a “ lewd act with dependent adult . ”
The school ’s immediate reaction was to attempt to keep the incident under wraps .
Saddleback teachers told the OC Weekly they had been told not to discuss the incident with anyone .
Parents were not notified and a school representative refused to discuss the matter with a reporter .
Over the next few months , the school district made no public acknowledgment of the arrest , either when Gonzalez was arraigned or several months later when he pleaded guilty to child abuse and endangerment .
The parents of other disabled students , however , quickly came forward with their own complaints about Gonzalez , going back to at least 2005 .
They told the OC Weekly that a group of parents had met with Saddleback ’s principle and the head of the district ’s special - ed program to complain that Gonzalez made the students uncomfortable and seemed to want to spend time alone with female students , but that the district ignored their concerns .
Now , a year after the aide ’s guilty plea , the parents of the student have brought a civil suit against Gonzales for causing mental and physical trauma to their daughter and also against the school district for negligence .
As a result , the district ’s lawyers are fighting back — hard .
In a filing with the Orange County Superior Court , the attorneys claim that the wheelchair - bound girl “ chose to encounter the known risk ” of being alone with Gonzalez , that she “ consented to ” him lifting up her shirt , and that her injuries were the result of her having “ failed to use due and reasonable care for her own safety and protection . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
They also charge her parents with having “ negligently , carelessly and recklessly supervised , monitored , controlled and instructed the minor plaintiff so as to legally cause and contribute to her injuries and damages , if any . ”
“ As a grand , caring finale , the district asked presiding Judge Luis A. Rodriguez to not only dismiss all charges against them but to make the victim ’s family pay all legal fees , ” the OC Weekly concludes , adding , “ Since when did the Santa Ana Unified School District take its directions toward sex abuse from the Diocese of Orange ? ”
Image caption Prostitution is generally legal across much of Australia
Powers to ban brothels on moral grounds are being sought by a Christian - dominated council in one of Australia 's fastest - growing regions .
Although regulations vary , prostitution is generally legal across much of Australia and brothels are controlled by planning laws .
However , the mayor of the Hills Shire Council in Sydney says there is no place for the sex industry in the " Bible Belt " district , home to one of the largest churches in the country .
Peter Dimbrowsky told the BBC that the community should have the right to outlaw brothels .
" While we 've deliberately made it difficult for them to be successful in this area , we 've also said that we deserve the right to say no to them if we feel that a sufficient number of people are sufficiently against this type of application . "
He said : " You should be able to argue that in this part of Sydney or in any part of a city where it is family - orientated , it may be better for them not to be there at all . "
Hills
Shire councillors recently rejected a bid to set up a brothel and are now pushing for changes to state law that compel local authorities to accommodate such businesses if various planning requirements are met , such as parking and proximity to homes .
Safety concerns
There is no room in the official decision - making process for moral objections .
Decriminalisation ... gives us autonomy to choose where we work , how and when we work Rachel , Sex worker , Sydney
There are fears within the sex industry that any move to alter the rules could drive sections of their legitimate trade back underground and fuel a rise in the number of illegal brothels .
Insiders say legislation that decriminalised prostitution in Australia 's most populous state , New South Wales , in the early 1990s brought their chosen careers " out of the shadows " , making it more open and safe .
" The sex industry is no different to any other business in its regulatory needs , " explained Janelle Fawkes of the Scarlet Alliance , which represents sex workers .
" It is regulated by the local council in as far as its zoning and development application process .
It is also regulated by the occupational health system , " Ms Fawkes said .
" It is also recognised that sex workers are legitimate employees and therefore are taxed and receive the same benefits as all employees . "
Autonomy
There are strict regulations in New South Wales that cover the activities of private workers , massage parlours , " full - service establishments " or brothels and B&D ( bondage and discipline ) venues .
Image caption Family First MP Gordon
Moyes says the legal sex trade has damaged society Legalising prostitution is only another nail in the coffin of decency Gordon Moyes , Family First MP
" I really enjoy what I do , " 36 - year - old Rachel , a Sydney sex worker , told the BBC News website .
" We are very intelligent people .
We come from a range of different occupations and backgrounds .
" Decriminalisation treats the sex industry equally like any other industry .
" It protects and empowers sex workers .
It gives us autonomy to choose where we work , how and when we work .
It takes away the fear of being arrested for something that is mutually consenting . "
The debate over the future of the laws in parts of Australia comes as British Prime Minister David Cameron signalled that the decriminalisation of prostitution should be " looked at again " after the alleged murder of three women in northern England .
In Sydney , conservative elements have urged the UK not to follow Australia 's example .
In the New South Wales state parliament , the Family First MP , Gordon Moyes , believes that society has been damaged by the legal sex industry , which he says exploits the vulnerable .
" We have to have a reformation of morality and ethics and unfortunately by legalising prostitution , it is only another nail in the coffin of decency , " he said .
In the manner of today ’s hottest reality programs , I need to inform you that the story you are about to read is entirely true .
Historically in cases such as this the names have been changed to protect the innocent .
In this case , the names have been retained specifically to amplify their shame .
Lore Sjoberg ’s classic hierarchy is an invaluable tool , but at this late hour could do with an increase in resolution .
Even so , Version 2.0 does firmly delineate the gulf between people who play role - playing games and those who play live - action role playing games , though I doubt that Faire attendees believe themselves members of this latter group .
I strongly believe that I could find myself quite at home in such circumstances , and it would be a great excuse to buy a lute ; I think I might like it too much .
This is why I must present an impenetrable ironic front .
It sounds as though my tale of technology woe struck a chord , which I guess should n’t be a tremendous surprise .
What ’s terrible is that I had turned to the computer specifically because of my experience with Blur , a game which ( in a first , to my knowledge ) can lock you and all of your friends up simultaneously .
I ran to the PC , for protection , and perhaps for love , and was turned away .
Never fear that your host has not investigated the baseline , Tier One bullshit .
I want to fix this thing sensibly , on the cheap .
I ’d prefer to transform my excess funds into artisanal cheddars , hand selected at a rainy Farmer ’s Market .
Believe that I have scoured this motherfucker .
I ’ve run bank - by - bank memory tests , memory swaps , swapped hard disks , swapped video cards , installed clean , upgraded , put my left foot in , removed it , shaken it about , repeating the process with each limb until the process culminated in its spasmodic finale .
This process went on until the option pool had been reduced to
1. Rolling in my remaining canisters of CN - 20 , or
2. Nuking the site from orbit .
This second option has the benefit of absolute operational certainty .
I received a “ tweet ” offering tech help from Anand Shimpi , like , AnandTech Anand Shimpi .
His name is inside the name of the site !
Imagine receiving a mail from Tom Hardware , or Robert OCP .
This is like getting Jesus to help you put together your Ikea furniture , but okay ; I ’ll take it .
I ’ve been without a machine for more than a week now , well over , and the sensation is not unlike pain .
( CW ) TB out .
Today ’s
Fed decision is largely a non-event .
The consensus believes the Fed will leave rates unchanged and is unlikely to alter their language too much as global double dip concerns have increased in recent months :
“ The FOMC announcement for the June 22 - 23 FOMC policy meeting is expected to leave the fed funds target rate unchanged .
With continued market skittishness over sovereign debt problems in Greece and other European countries , the Fed is likely to be cautious about plans for unwinding its expanded balance sheet .
Fed watchers likely will focus on statement wording regarding the status of the economy - notably any signs of labor market improvement . ”
But as the seemingly endless zero interest rate policy continues some at the FOMC are beginning to get antsy about the Fed potentially being behind the 8 ball as they were in 2002 and heading into the recession .
Of course , I think we are looking more and more Japanese .
The problems in Europe have almost certainly compounded our problems and that likely means the Fed will be even more hesitant to raise rates .
A recent SF
Fed paper confirms this thinking .
They believe the current environment is similar to Japan :
“ some worry that maintaining a large Fed balance sheet with substantial holdings of securities as assets and bank reserves as liabilities could trigger an unwelcome rise in inflation expectations and inflation .
However , the doubling of the Fed ’s balance sheet has had no discernible effect on long - run inflation expectations measured in the Survey of Professional Forecasters .
This insensitivity of inflation to an enlarged central bank balance sheet is consistent with Japan ’s decade - long spell of price deflation . ”
They conclude that ZRIP is justified perhaps as far as 2012 :
“ Many predict that the economy will take years to return to full employment and that inflation will remain very low .
If so , it seems likely that the Fed ’s exit from the current accommodative stance of monetary policy will take a significant period of time . ”
The Fed is looking more and more powerless to me as we look more and more like Japan .
-------------------
This guest previously appeared at The Pragmatic Capitalist >
The estimated taxpayer costs of the GSE bailouts grows by the day and has now hit as much as $ 1 trillion .
Please consider Fannie - Freddie Fix at $ 160 Billion With $ 1 Trillion Worst Case .
The cost of fixing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the mortgage companies that last year bought or guaranteed three - quarters of all U.S. home loans , will be at least $ 160 billion and could grow to as much as $ 1 trillion after the biggest bailout in American history .
“ It is the mother of all bailouts , ” said Edward Pinto , a former chief credit officer at Fannie Mae , who is now a consultant to the mortgage - finance industry .
The Congressional Budget Office calculated in August 2009 that the companies would need $ 389 billion in federal subsidies through 2019 , based on assumptions about delinquency rates of loans in their securities pools .
The White House ’s Office of Management and Budget estimated in February that aid could total as little as $ 160 billion if the economy strengthens .
If housing prices drop further , the companies may need more .
Barclays Capital Inc. analysts put the price tag as high as $ 500 billion in a December report on mortgage - backed securities , assuming home prices decline another 20 percent and default rates triple .
Sean Egan , president of Egan - Jones Ratings Co. in Haverford , Pennsylvania , said that a 20 percent loss on the companies ’ loans and guarantees , along the lines of other large market players such as Countrywide Financial Corp. , now owned by Bank of America Corp. , could cause even more damage .
“ One trillion dollars is a reasonable worst - case scenario for the companies , ” said Egan , whose firm warned customers away from municipal bond insurers in 2002 and downgraded Enron Corp .
a month before its 2001 collapse .
Foreign governments , including China ’s and Japan ’s , hold $ 908 billion of [ Fannie and Freddie ] bonds , according to Fed data .
“ Do we really want to go to the central bank of China and say , ‘ Tough luck , boys ’ ?
The terms of the 2008 Treasury bailout create further complications .
Fannie and Freddie are required to pay a 10 percent annual dividend on the shares owned by taxpayers .
So far , they owe $ 14.5 billion , more than the companies reported in income in their most profitable years .
“ It ’s like a debt trap , ” said Qumber Hassan , a mortgage strategist at Credit Suisse Group AG in New York .
“ The more they draw , the more they have to pay . ”
Allowing the companies to go under and hoping that private financing will fill the gap is n’t realistic , analysts say .
It would require at least two years of rising property values for private companies to return to the mortgage - securitization market , said Robert Van Order , Freddie ’s former chief international economist and a professor of finance at George Washington University in Washington .
The price tag of supporting Fannie and Freddie “ needs to be evaluated against the cost of not having a mortgage market , ” said Phyllis Caldwell , chief of the Treasury ’s Homeownership Preservation Office .
Whatever the fix , the money spent will not be recovered , said Alex Pollock , a former president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago who is now a fellow at the Washington - based American Enterprise Institute .
Bernanke 's Exit Problem Grows by the Day
6 Ways to Spot a Scam
Ever received an email from the most humble human being on earth , saying he wants to transfer his million pounds to your bank account and will pay you some percent of that whooping amount ?
If you have , then do n’t ever entertain such emails as they are known as the 401 fraud mails , if replied or followed these emails can land you into the Nigerian jail for being an accomplice in bank loot under Nigeria ’s 401 penal code .
Till now thousands of foolish people have been involved in this scam and around $ 32 billion has been stolen from banks .
This is not the only scam that has been strolling your email accounts these days but several others too .
That is why we are here to tell you how to spot a scam so that you do n’t get caught in a mess .
Too good to be true
If you get an email or advertisement displayed on internet and promise you some services which are extraordinary beneficial , for e.g. a company assures you of your credit card settlement in $ 5 , then kindly check again as it clearly signifies a scam .
The offer is available for five more minutes
If you ever come across any offer or money making schemes which compel you to take the decision in just five minutes .
Ask him the reason for the hurry if there is some genuine reply then surely go for it otherwise , delete that scammer out from your list of contacts .
It is a very big secret
Always reminds me off the pranksters in schools who used to throw pranks on other kids and if caught should make a funny excuse and say it ’s a big secret and you ’ll get the benefit too .
Well this kind of sentence comes up really often in my inbox , “ Dear reader , I am highly obliged to tell you that you have won the country special 1 $ billion lottery , kindly send us the following asked details , and do n’t mention your big win to anybody as it is highly confidential ” .
This is a pure scam never ever respond to such .
Be a good observer
Always observe a person who comes up to you with a money making scheme , try to read his body language and ask as many questions as you can .
Too many pauses or a discontinued or blabber kind of language gives a clear sign of scam .
Too many umm’s and ahh’s or sorry ’s give you a warning and its better that you take off .
The rich pranksters
Some person may call you as a representative of an international multimillion dollar company and tell you that they are interested in buying your property or some kind of object you ’ve kept on sale through internet or any local advertising .
They would tell you their money is stuck in a legal issue while transferring the money to your country and then they ask you to transfer a small amount of money around $ 700 - $ 1000 , so they can release the money and give it to you , when you transfer the money to their account , they will vanish like smoke in thin air and you can keep on ringing the phone number again and again to get no response .
By fooling around people through this trick they crack some of the biggest scams of the history as no one minds paying few dollars for thousands of incoming cash .
So , if you ever get a call from a rich dude and he says all this crap , you better beware .
One meeting is enough
A scammer always tries to avoid meeting in person , if required he will only show up once and if you ask him to meet again he will make lame excuses why he cannot meet you .
CountryBacon has found : Officer 's Ushanka
( ' ?')-b
Also : Zune dock & Zune remote since I was not aware I had a 4 or 5 year old amazon.com account .
Though I have been planning on buying a new music player so the rest of the gift wo n't be wasted , just unused for about a month or so .
Thanks for the gift !
I hate a new favorite hat to where everywhere !
http://tf2wiki.net/w/images/9/92/Heavy_goodjob03.wav
Image caption
The deal would further boost Mr Murdoch 's media power
As the world 's most powerful media magnate said when he happily spoofed himself on The Simpsons a few years ago - " I'm Rupert Murdoch , the billionaire tyrant " .
For those who hold that description to be true , the news that Mr Murdoch wishes to regain full control of UK satellite broadcaster BSkyB will fill them with dread .
Currently holding a stake of 39.1 % , Mr Murdoch 's News Corporation has so far offered 700 pence a share , which values BSkyB at around £ 12bn .
BSkyB has rejected that offer , but committed to talks in the hope of doing a deal above 800 p a share .
With most commentators saying it is all but inevitable that the two firms will ultimately agree a price , it is not clear that the deal will be given regulatory approval .
But if it does , what would it mean for the UK 's media industry and for the people of the UK ?
Which in turn raises the question , why does Mr Murdoch want BSkyB back ?
Cash to spend
In the first instance , News Corporation has a lot of money to spend , according to Tabitha Elwes , partner at media consultancy Value Partners .
Bundling the Times and the Sun 's online operations into BSkyB , would create synergies , and give all three much greater flexibility to be creative Tabitha Elwes , Media consultancy Value Partners
" News Corp is very cash rich , and BSkyB is seen as a family asset , " she says .
" So it is perhaps understandable that in these circumstances it wants to take full control . "
This view is shared by analysts at brokerage Numis Securities , who say that News Corporation is sitting on a cash pile of $ 8 bn ( £ 5.4bn ) " on which it is earning little return " .
But even with cash to burn , Mr Murdoch is not going to buy BSkyB for the sake of it .
Instead , Tim Luckhurst , professor of journalism at the University of Kent , points to a number of strategic factors which explain why his ambitions make sense .
" If I was Rupert Murdoch I 'd be looking at the huge losses being made by some of his newspapers , and the big profits made by his TV assets , " says Professor Luckhurst .
The opportunities for cross-promoting those newspapers on Sky will be seen by other newspaper groups as giving News a huge advantage Robert Peston , BBC business editor Read Robert Peston 's blog
News Corporation owns the Times , the Sun and News of the World in addition to its stake in BSkyB .
While the most recent figures show that BSkyB made a pre-tax profit of £ 707 m in the nine months to March , up from £ 339 m a year earlier , Professor Luckhurst says the Times newspaper is losing in the region of £ 240,000 a day .
" The Sun remains very profitable , but the Times is struggling , like most broadsheet papers , " he says .
" Many people knock Rupert Murdoch , but he has subsidised the Times - the grand old lady of Fleet Street - for many years .
" So if the newspaper side of the group is struggling , which is a prominent industry - wide trend around the world , it makes business sense to increase the TV side of the operation . "
Multi-media giant
Ms Elwes also points to News Corporation 's imminent move to start charging on its newspaper websites .
Readers of both the Times and the Sunday Times will have to pay to access them online from the end of this month .
Image caption BSkyB 's board is currently holding out for a higher price
And two of its other publications , the Sun and the News of the World , could soon follow suit in charging for online content .
Ms Elwes says that if and when News Corporation fully owns BSky B it could boost the Sun and the Times ' online readership figures by bundling access to the two papers ' websites in with Sky 's broadband packages .
" Bundling the Times and the Sun 's online operations into BSkyB , would create synergies , and give all three much greater flexibility to be creative , " she says .
" The jury is still out on whether News Corporation putting up pay walls on its newspaper websites will be successful , but they would certainly be helped by BSkyB being on board . "
Regulatory minefield
But seeing as the proposed deal would remove any doubt of Mr Murdoch 's dominance of the UK media sector - creating a giant that dwarfs even the licence - fee funded BBC - what chance does it have of getting regulatory approval ?
It is vital to guard against just having a knee - jerk , ideological objection to Mr Murdoch - his companies produce an exceptionally large amount of very high quality content Tim Luckhurst , Professor of journalism at the University of Kent
There will certainly be a wave of protests from other newspaper groups and broadcasters who will be concerned that News Corporation will have even more dominance and ability to gain advertising revenue .
Such concerns would be particularly appropriate at a time when the future of broadcasting is widely seen as a part of a multi-media world where owning both TV stations and online newspapers may prove to be the ideal .
In the first instance , the European Commission would look at whether the planned merger could go ahead , or whether it should be blocked on anti-competition grounds .
However , it is likely that the matter would be called back to the UK , either by the Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) or by Business Secretary Vince Cable .
The OFT could call it in on anti-competition fears , while Mr Cable would have to announce public interest grounds for an investigation .
If Mr Cable was to do this , he could then ask both the OFT and media regulator Ofcom to investigate , but he would be making the final decision himself .
' Preposterously naive '
Whoever was to end up deciding on the acquisition , analysts agree that it is unknown whether it would be approved .
" I do n't think any analysts genuinely know whether any deal would be cleared , " says Steve Lietchti of Investec Securities .
" However , the regulatory process would certainly delay any takeover . "
Professor Luckhurst says it will be a very difficult regulatory decision to make .
" There is no doubt that in the multi-media era we are going to need some very large players , " he says .
" However , it is not immediately apparent in Europe who would be able to balance News Corporation if it does take full ownership of BSkyB .
" At the same time , it is vital to guard against just having a knee - jerk , ideological objection to Mr Murdoch .
His companies produce an exceptionally large amount of very high quality content , which is why they are so successful . "
Professor Luckhurst adds that is is " preposterously naive " to perceive what News Corporation does solely in regard to the support the Sun gave the Conservatives in the last election .
However , it is this very issue that could make things difficult for Vince Cable if he ends up being the one to make the final decision on the takeover .
His party - the Liberal Democrats - has been hostile to Mr Murdoch 's media empire , while its Conservative partners in the coalition government have benefited from News Corporation 's support .
Mr Cable may be hoping any decision remains with Brussels , but the clamour for him to call it in - especially from other media organisations - may well be intense .
[ one_half ]
The plugin was created as a solution to the problem of adding nurnies / greebles to a surface .
Adding random bits to a surface can result in unrealistic geometry including deep intersections where some geometry is hidden under others etc .
Quadpanels uses an iterative subdivision scheme to add details without overlaps and can maintain proportions of the various detail elements . [/ one_half ]
Click here to view the demonstration video for the 1.5 upgrade
Click here to view the demonstration video for the 1.3 upgrade
Click here to view the version 1.2 demonstration video
Click here to view the original demonstration video
Liberty3D and Meshweaver are offering all QuadPanels owners a permanent deal on the purchase of the Ultimate Nurnie Collection .
Registered owners should contact James Willmott at jamesw ( at ) symmetrix3d ( dot ) com for their special offer code .
Then go to http://www.meshweaver.com/store.htm and click on the link at the top that says QUADPANEL PLUGIN OWNERS CLICK HERE FOR YOUR SPECIAL DISCOUNTSâ€ for 25 % off the regular retail price .
This offer is available to all new purchasers of QuadPanels too , what better way of getting a selection of nurnies to use than through Meshweaver ’s collection !
If you have Meshweaver ’s Nurnie Collection , you can enter * LD , *MD or * UHD in the Filter box of QuadPanels 1.5 and you can use the Low , Medium or High resolution nurnies from a particular folder .
Quadpanels works in LightWave Modeler , v9.0 and up .
It ’s an Lscript so it works on all platforms .
Click here to download the latest version
Download the plugin and try it out !
The unregistered version is limited in these ways :
working with 6000 poly meshes .
bugs you for a serial number often .
only works with single polygon selections ( as opposed to detailing any number of polygons at once ) .
only works with 2 custom nurnies .
This is a commercial Lscript plugin available exclusively through Liberty3d.com for just $ 19.95US .
The evaluation version of Quadpanels requires a serial code to unlock it , based on the LightWave dongle ID of the installation it is to be used with .
Email your dongle id to jamesw ( at ) symmetrix3d .
com to receive your serial code once you ’ve made payment through Paypal .
Quadpanels is an Lscript so it works on all platforms , all versions of LightWave including v10 .
Shawano —
From almost the time it opened in 1998 , Shawano Gun and Loan has been in trouble with federal authorities .
After repeatedly warning the store about missing records and other violations , the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives took the unusual step of revoking its license in 2007 .
Nearly three years later , the case is tied up in federal court in Green Bay where an appeal could grind on for years .
And the store continues to sell guns - thousands of them each year - with the ATF 's blessing .
What 's more , the owner told the ATF that he might transfer the operation to his nephew .
That could keep the store operating and erase the violations and revocation - similar to the scenario that unfolded in 2006 at the West Milwaukee store that has sold every gun used to wound six Milwaukee police officers in the past 2 ½ years .
The case shows how laws enacted by Congress hobble the agency charged with policing gun stores and protect dealers who repeatedly break the law .
The ATF does n't crack down on dealers because there are so many loopholes in the law protecting them , agency veterans say .
" It is just very difficult to go after a gun dealer , " said Gerald Nunziato , who retired in 1999 after 29 years in the ATF .
" It is sad .
Everyone thinks the government is handling it .
They are handling it by ignoring it . "
The case involving the Shawano store is notable because of what experts call blatant evidence of " straw buying " - where people with clean records purchase guns for felons and others who are forbidden from buying and owning them .
Straw buying is a crime - for the buyer and the clerk who knowingly makes the sale .
It is a federal felony but remains a misdemeanor in Wisconsin after the Legislature failed to pass a law making it a felony this year .
Shawano Gun and Loan sold guns to relatives of people who had just failed background checks at the store , ATF records show .
In at least five cases , family members - who live with the prohibited person - bought the gun shortly after the rejection , sometimes the same day .
In three other cases , the buyer admitted on forms they were buying the gun for someone else .
They were sold the gun anyway .
No one has been charged with straw buying or selling in the case .
The owner of Shawano Gun and Loan declined to be interviewed .
His attorney said the ATF unfairly is targeting the store for minor problems and the straw buying cases are simple misunderstandings .
The attorney said there should be intermediate punishment short of revocation , which current law does not allow .
" They go from nothing to the guillotine , " said attorney Raymond Dall ' Osto .
" The issue is equal treatment , fair treatment .
What is the goal ?
Compliance or revocation no matter what ?
My client is under the gun here . "
Assistant U.S. attorney Lisa Warwick , who is representing the ATF , said the case is moving at the speed of most civil cases .
She said the case has no special urgency .
" Why do they continue to be in business ?
I do n't know , " Warwick said .
" That is a call that ATF makes for each store owner in litigation .
That is not my call . "
The ATF declined to provide any information about the case .
" We are not going to make any comment on that until it is completed , " said ATF spokesman Robert Schmidt .
Timothy Backes opened Shawano Gun and Loan in 1998 .
The 38 - year - old had no experience in the gun business .
He grew up working in his father 's grocery store , according to court records .
Backes ' plan was to pay people cash for pawned tools , stereos , guns and other items .
Anything left for more than a month went on the floor for sale .
He also would sell new guns .
Federal law requires background checks on all new gun sales .
Checks also are required if a store returns a pawned gun to the person who brought it in .
Before issuing the license to Backes , ATF inspectors explained record - keeping rules to him , including inventory paperwork .
Those records are ATF 's tool for detecting illegal gun trafficking .
About a year after opening , ATF inspectors arrived at the store for an unannounced inspection .
There were many problems with inventory .
Records were missing on the sale of at least 145 guns , according to ATF records .
Backes said later that he had neglected to complete the paperwork but could account for all the guns he sold .
Despite the violations , ATF investigators did n't return to the store for five years .
According to the agency , tight budgets and huge investigator workloads make such lapses between inspections common .
In 2004 , ATF investigators found more violations , again involving missing paperwork on guns .
The store also was selling guns at a bar raffle .
And ATF warned Backes about selling to straw buyers .
Congress has limited ATF 's options when it comes to punishing law - breaking stores .
Besides revocation , the agency can only give warnings .
ATF cannot suspend or fine a dealer , except under rare circumstances .
Following the 2004 inspection , the ATF cracked down on Backes as hard as Congress allows :
It sent a letter and held a meeting with him .
He promised to do better .
" I would like apologize ( sic ) for my misconduct , " Backes wrote in a letter to the ATF .
" I do understand the severity of the violations . "
In 2007 , ATF investigators returned and again found missing paperwork for guns sold .
They also uncovered evidence Backes and his staff were selling guns to straw buyers , records show .
The store sold or returned on pawn nearly 3,000 guns over the 14 months before the inspection .
That would rank it among the larger gun dealers nationwide , according to gun experts and the ATF .
The store reported that people buying guns or trying to get back pawned guns failed background checks 48 times , records show .
In nine of those cases , there was evidence of straw buying , according to ATF investigators , who said they spot - checked just a sampling of Backes ' records .
In several of the cases , the suspected straw buyer bought the gun on the same day a relative was rejected , records show .
That is a strong indicator of straw buying , ATF officials testified in a hearing as part of the revocation process .
" These are not clerical errors .
They are breakdowns in what a dealer is supposed to do , " ATF investigator Mary Jo Holpit testified in the 2008 hearing .
There may be other reasons why the ATF went after Backes ' license , according to documents from the revocation case .
Holpit testified guns sold by the Shawano store ended up in the hands of felons or others who legally can't buy a gun .
But an ATF attorney would not allow Holpit to elaborate because the information came from " a confidential source , " according to the hearing transcript .
Holpit also revealed in the hearing that one of Backes ' employees was selling guns at the store at the same time he was facing drug charges , which is against the law .
' Incredibly egregious '
Straw buyers usually are not obvious as the ATF described them in the Shawano examples , according to gun case experts .
" Usually ( the buyers ) do their level best to keep the dealer in complete ignorance .
I have never heard of a dealer that says , ' OK , I will sell it you , ' " said Richard Gardiner , a prominent attorney practicing in Virginia who represents gun shops .
" The dealers are not that stupid .
They usually kick them out of the store at that point . "
" That is pretty incredible , " added Daniel Vice , chief counsel with the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence .
" That I have not seen before .
That sounds incredibly egregious . "
ATF documents in the revocation case say Backes violated federal law " by willfully making false entries and aiding and abetting the making of false entries " in five of the nine suspected straw buy cases .
Yet no charges were filed against anyone working at the store , either by local or federal prosecutors .
The ATF declined to comment on whether the cases were examined by the agency 's criminal investigators .
Gun rights advocates say the lack of charges undercuts the government 's argument that the store should be shut down .
" If this guy is such a badass , where are the criminal charges ? " said Dave Workman , senior editor with Gun Week , a magazine run by the Second Amendment Foundation in Bellevue , Wash .
" You are accusing them of engaging in blatant selling to straw buyers .
I am sorry but that is a federal crime . "
All of the suspected straw buyers have signed affidavits swearing they bought the gun for themselves .
Warwick , the prosecutor in the license revocation case , said that is not surprising .
" Would anyone , upon query , admit to this ? "
Warwick said .
" Would you admit to perpetuating a crime ?
Badger saga
Backes , 50 , repeatedly told ATF investigators during the 2007 inspection that he planned to transfer the store to his nephew , Scott Backes , 38 , who manages the operation , according to records .
If Timothy Backes relinquishes his license and Scott Backes pulls a fresh one , that could halt the revocation process and erase the earlier violations .
That would be similar to the case in 2006 , when ATF investigators recommended revoking the license of Badger Outdoors in West Milwaukee .
There was no revocation and the store remains open , operating as Badger Guns .
Federal records show the license recommended for revocation was relinquished voluntarily , the players inside the operation took on new roles , and a new license was issued to the son of a previous owner , creating what one federal official called a " clean slate , " a Journal Sentinel investigation found earlier this year .
A former owner of Badger Outdoors said he knew nothing about the recommended revocation , and he already had decided to turn in the license and retire .
The current owner declined to comment on the change .
Last year , Milwaukee police launched an undercover investigation that revealed felons regularly frequent Badger Guns and use the range .
Officers have continued to stop felons leaving the store as recently as last week .
Police also found that felons were practicing on the store 's range with rented guns .
Congress has said that gun stores do n't have to do background checks on people who rent guns for target practice .
Badger Guns and Badger Outdoors have been the top sellers of crime guns recovered by Milwaukee police for at least the past decade , according to records obtained by the Journal Sentinel .
Similar records are not available for guns purchased at Shawano Gun and Loan , because Congress passed a law limiting ATF 's release of such information .
Congress also has prohibited lawmakers from considering violations found under the previous gun license - even if the same people are involved in the operation .
" The law is written in a way to protect firearms dealers , " said Stephen Higgins , former director of the ATF .
" There is far more protection for problem firearms than problem dealers in the liquor industry , that 's for sure . "
Firearm protection act
Gun stores are handled differently than other federal license , largely because of the 1986 Firearm Owners ' Protection Act , experts said .
Strongly supported by the National Rifle Association and other gun rights groups , the legislation laid out special appeal rights and rules for gun dealers .
ATF investigators can inspect a dealer only once a year without a federal court order .
But the agency does n't come close to inspecting all 115,000 dealers annually .
The agency moved to revoke 64 licenses in fiscal year 2009 stemming from more than 11,000 inspections - the most recent figures available .
Revoking a license can take years because of a law that allows a so - called " de novo review " by a federal judge - a fresh look at the case .
ATF typically allows stores to continue selling guns during the appeal process .
Indeed , the law and court rulings have found that a dealer can , on a one - time basis , move his entire inventory into his " private collection " and sell the firearms at gun shows without background checks .
Congress designed the process to be deliberate , said Gardiner , the attorney who helped draft the 1986 law when he was chief legal counsel for the NRA .
" It is a slow process to make sure the dealer is treated justly and given a meaningful opportunity to defend themselves , " he said .
Higgins , director of the ATF when the 1986 law passed , said he opposed it but was limited by his bosses about what he could say .
He thought the law should get tougher on gun stores , not weaker .
The law has added enough hurdles so ATF will only go after the worst gun dealers - and sometimes they can't even do that , he said .
" It is a long , slow process that dissuades the agency from doing things they ought to do , " Higgins said .
***
Some secret records opened due to appeal
A law , quietly passed by Congress in 2003 , hides information from the public about how many crime guns are sold by dealers and what violations are uncovered by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
But when a gun store appeals a license revocation , certain inspection documents become public as part of the court record , as in the case of Shawano Gun and Loan .
President Barack Obama promised to get rid of the secrecy provision .
Instead , he embraced most of the law and added even more rules that could make it harder for law enforcement to crack down on dealers and stores selling guns to criminals .
New rule could slow revocations
Revocations of gun dealer licenses by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives could move even more slowly following the agency 's adoption of a rule last week .
The rule gives the ATF 's director final say on revoking a gun dealer 's license .
Before , the authority rested with the agency 's regional directors .
But the ATF has no director and has n't for four years .
Former President George W. Bush 's nominee for the job was blocked by fellow Republicans .
President Barack Obama has not nominated anyone for the post .
In the meantime , it appears Deputy Director Kenneth Melson will have the new authority over dealers ' licenses .
- John Diedrich
This must be very frustrating for Reid , but it ’s the sort of thing that happens so often that he must think of it as normal life .
Boehner , the House Republican leader , seems to be in a more pathetic state , which began with an interview he did with The Pittsburgh Tribune - Review .
This is the paper owned by Richard Mellon Scaife , the wealthy patron of right - wing causes , but all I can say is , you go , Pittsburgh Tribune - Review .
Image Gail Collins Credit ...
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
Boehner dismissed the financial reform package as “ killing an ant with a nuclear weapon . ”
Once again , Democrats did the happy dance .
“ That ’s right , ” said President Obama at his town - hall meeting on the economy in Wisconsin .
“ He compared the financial crisis to an ant .
The same financial crisis that led to the loss of nearly eight million jobs . ”
It really was a ridiculous metaphor .
The financial reform package is actually more like killing a mastodon with a small spear .
Could work , but not the sort of weapon you ’d want to count on for every occasion .
Boehner also called for means - testing Social Security so that retirees with “ substantial non-Social Security income ” do n’t get payments .
This should be popular with upper - middle - class Republican voters , whose great complaint has always been that the government insists on giving them too much money .
Perhaps most interesting was his attack on the Obama administration ’s attempts to impose a moratorium on deep - sea drilling .
“ The deep - water drilling  maybe there ’s a reason there to pause till we know what happened and we can make sure we can prevent it from happening again , ” Boehner said .
“ But all of this other drilling that ’s going on down there in the more shallow waters  there ’s no reason to have a moratorium . ”
This is actually a perfect description of the Obama policy .
It was as if Boehner had denounced the health care reform law by saying that it would probably be a good idea to require people to have insurance and subsidize it for the poor , but that there was absolutely no reason to nationalize all the hospitals and have them run by the Army .
Boehner looked burned - out in the interview , like a sullen college student sitting through a boring seminar .
A very tanned , puffy - eyed , 60 - year - old college student .
It was about 11 pm on the 22nd of last November , in a hotel lobby in Seattle that I got yet another lesson in who Robbie Findley is .
About 100 fans , and the same number of RSL staff , players , and their families were gathered embracing the moment , and two things really stuck out to me from that night in that hotel lobby .
The first was the image of Andy Williams with his wife by his side , knowing that she was there against doctors orders , yet both willing to risk it all on what had to be the biggest night of Andy 's playing career .
The raw emotions of that moment stay with me to this day , and inspire me when I forget that my little troubles are nothing in the bigger picture of life .
The second thing was a young man who had just played a vital part in leading his team to a Championship , and while you could tell the joy he was feeling by the smile that reminded me of the Cheshire Cat , and the look in his eyes .
Despite that , despite the crazy celebrations going on around him , there he was with his family , a very large group , finding a way for to order room service so they could have something to eat .
Not worried about himself first , but in this moment worried about his family and their comfort , that says something about Robbie Findley .
Things like that let you know more about a man than anything that they do while playing a game .
Those sentiments are echoed by Real Salt Lake President Bill Manning when I interviewed him earlier this year said this about Robbie Findley .
" Robbie scored a bunch of goals for us this year but he is a team player .
I think there are a lot of intangibles out there that the media has missed , his heart , his willingness to be a team player .
He has had a good year , but he has the potential to have a break out year , a lot of things can keep a player from having a break out year , but he has the work ethic , the intangibles , and athleticism to have a break out year and he is an important player for the team . "
Bill Manning
more after the jump :
So some of you will know this information but for many this will be new , but with Robbie taking on new challenges sometimes understanding what got you there is important .
So let 's play a game , what do these people have in common ?
Mike Bibby of the NBA , Shaun McDonald of the NFL , and Eddie House of the NBA , all of them are cousins of Robbie Findley .
Robbie has been a star at every level of his soccer career , in his high school days playing for Shadow Mountain High School in Phoenix , AZ , to his college days at Oregon State , where he was a 3 time All - Pac 10 player 3 times .
Before the 2008 Summer Olympic games , Robbie helped the US qualify for the games and played in all 5 of the US qualifying matches in the CONCACAF tournament .
In a move that the US coaches probably now question he was moved to the alternates roster before the trip to Bejing .
Robbie was selected number 16 in the 2007 MLS draft by the LA Galaxy , he was their first overall pick .
His first MLS start came on April 8th as he came in to replace US Soccer legend Cobi Jones , and scored his first league goal just 4 days later in a match against Chivas USA .
After a couple rough years LA was desperate to rebuild their team with more experienced players and new RSL head coach traded Chris Klein to LA for Robbie and Nathan Sturgis , a trade that has worked out well for both sides .
Robbie made a quick impact as he became RSL 's top scorer in 2007 with 6 goals , in 2008 he played in all but one of RSL 's matches , starting in 15 of them and he again ended the year with 6 goals .
Robbie played a minor role in RSL's 2008 run to the Western Conference final , coming off the bench to add support to the team , he registered an assist but began to show RSL fans what he was capable of doing .
All of that led up to the 2009 season , and what would be considered by many , to the breakout season for Robbie .
The RSL media guide describes it like this :
No player in Major League Soccer had more of a breakout season in 2009 than Real Salt Lake 's Robbie Findley , who doubled his goal haul from the previous regular season with 12 tallies before notching three more times in the playoffs .
A strong start in 2009 - which included RSL 's first - ever hat trick in MLS play in the team 's home opener against Columbus - was followed by consistency issues , but the 24 - year - old forward found his groove again towards season 's end , his double in RSL 's mandatory 3 - 0 season finale win over Colorado setting the pace for multiple acts of playoff heroism .
I do think that Robbie had a breakout year , but I still think that the best is yet to come with Robbie .
He has survived and thrived so far by using his physical abilities , as he learns more about playing at the highest levels ( his USMNT exposure will really help with this ) and continues to learn at every level that he has all the potential to be a superstar of the sport .
As I have watched Robbie play over the last couple years , I noticed something that could really make him one of the surprise stories of the 2010 World Cup .
Robbie plays best when the stakes are high and when the match is on the biggest stages , one only has to look at the MLS Cup run RSL made last year .
It was the late goal at Rio Tinto by Robbie that gave RSL the 1 - 0 win , and then in the return leg he scored the goal that once again gave RSL the lead in the series and eventually would put them into the Eastern Conference final .
Just hours before the scene I described at the start of this post , it was Robbie Findley whose team was down 1 - 0 , whose team had lost Javier Morales ( their creative playmaker ) before the match was 30 minutes old , whose team lost Will Johnson ( the teams high energy , attack every ball guy ) at halftime , whose team was facing the Goliath of MLS , but none of that phased Robbie Findley as he evened the match at 1 - 1 , none of that phased Robbie as he stepped to the spot during the PK shootout , and as Robbie Findley etched his name in the memory of many Major League Soccer fans .
Many pundits and commentators were quick to proclaim his arrival during the Turkey match , where he made a couple great plays .
Those same people were quick to point fingers when he failed to convert a couple chances against the Aussies just days later .
What none of them have told you , or perhaps they simply have n't noticed it yet , in both of those matches the speed and attacking style of Robbie forced the other team to change how they played .
It caused both the Turk's and the Aussie 's to keep their defenders back instead of pushing so high , that created more room for the US midfielders to move and create chances , and in both cases the end result was US wins .
It is this ability that has all long made me think that Robbie Findley would be part of the 2010 USMNT that would be in South Africa , speed kills , but in this case speed changes everything as you have to play the threat .
The English would be good to pay attention to that before the match starts , if not it might just come back to bite them in the end .
So there is a good post on US Soccer about Robbie and his journey from Salt Lake to South Africa , take a couple minutes and give it a read .
No matter what happens in South Africa , or if RSL can resign Robbie to a new contract , the scene of him choosing to celebrate what had to be the biggest moment of his playing career with his family and to ensure that their needs were taken care of on a night that was supposed to be about him , lets me know that Robbie 's quality off the pitch is as great as his quality on the pitch .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
It ’s A.M. on the Weekend , so you ’re stuck with another webcomic , poor sods .
Normally , my little web - toon efforts are in colour , since the printing does n’t cost extra , but today ’s true story is best told in black and white .
Every word of this conversation was written down verbatim , within five minutes of it happening .
This tale has been in my sketch book for a while , and friends have suggested I share it with a larger audience .
–
It ’s been a while , but I still think about this guy from time to time .
That ’s it for today , web - crawlers .
See you soon with new pages for sale , a new “ TOP SEVEN ” , perhaps a space cow or two , a couple of new covers I ’ve done , and a bunch of new HOVERBOY toys and magazines that I found this week , including a RARE PULP cover , never before seen online !
TY THE GUY OUT !
Last Week ’s Bun Toon .
Look to the Taco Chip and see the face of THE KING of KINGS !
To share post :
–
As a key failure point , gearbox reliability continues to dog the wind industry and as turbines become larger the push to improve performance becomes paramount .
Alstom believes it has addressed the issue by ensuring that torque transmission is performed independently of rotor support .
This improves the reliability of turbine drive train components , in particular the gearbox , which is better protected and subjected to lower loads .
Jordi Puigcorbe and Alexis de-Beaumont explain .
One of the biggest concerns remaining in the wind industry is the reliability of the gearbox .
‘ With our current wind turbine fleet currently going out of warranty period , we estimate that we are carrying a potential risk on gearboxes of about US $ 300 million .
Failures are still relatively rare these days because our fleet is recent , but we expect this will change dramatically as our wind turbines approach their 5 – 7 years of operation .
Our concern is such that we are even considering acquiring a company with gearbox servicing capabilities . ’
This statement from a large US wind farm operator is far from being an isolated case in an industry that will see over 8000 MW of wind farm capacity go out of the warranty period every year in the US alone in the next few years .
Recently , Sandy Butterfield , a former chief wind turbine engineer at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) in Colorado , was quoted as stating that the wind industry expects today ’s gearboxes to last 7 – 11 years .
This markedly contrasts with the 20 - year design lifetime of the wind turbines .
And the implications for the industry are huge , since changing a gearbox is typically a lengthy and extremely costly exercise .
The gearbox ’s reputation for a high failure rate is linked to the extreme engineering challenge that gearbox technology faces in wind applications , and the difficulty in properly assessing the loads – and in particular the non-torsional loads that pass through the gearbox – and how these affect bearings and gears .
Some manufacturers have chosen to move to direct drive to reduce the number of moving parts in the wind turbine more exposed to wear .
But this has led to wind turbine specific generator designs that are usually more expensive and often come together with a long - term maintenance contract with the Original Equipment Manufacturer ( OEM ) , which does not necessarily meet the operations and maintenance ( O&M ) concept of flexibility expected by customers .
Of course , much has been done in the last decade to design and manufacture gearboxes ensuring a high quality , often with associated with over - engineering and increased cost .
Many efforts are also being put in to performing proper monitoring and maintenance to detect and prevent any avoidable damage .
These efforts have limited gearbox breakdowns in infancy , and sometimes allowed some maintenance activities to be initiated earlier than before , but they have not helped resolving a key cause of the problem : the rotor support concept , and how it distributes loads among the wind turbine structure and the gearbox .
Loads affecting the gearbox are often underestimated because state of the art aero-elastic models do not consider complex non-linear phenomena produced during transients in the drive train like inner gearbox component dynamics coupled with bearings and support parts , and the flexibility influence of the rotor support on the gearbox that causes additional loads .
Failure in Conventional Rotor Support Concepts
Traditional rotor support concepts typically feature either one or two bearings as shown below .
In a one bearing configuration , shown in the left hand image , the rotor shaft is supported by one main bearing and by the proper gearbox that is attached by two torque arms to the bedplate .
Generally , the single main bearing does not absorb bending moments which result from the blades acting on the rotor shaft and , as a consequence , the planet carrier bearings transmit loads to the gearbox housing that are absorbed by the torque arms .
Using this design principle , a gearbox absorbs additional loads introduced by the rotor shaft bending moment and also , to a lesser extent , those due to deflections of the bedplate and main bearing .
The single bearing concept is basically a three point suspension for the hub , one point is the front bearing and the other two are the gearbox torque arm supports .
All forces produced by the wind on the rotor are going through the gearbox to the structure , and therefore the gearbox itself becomes part of this structure .
Conventional gearbox design techniques used in other industries have simply been proven insufficient to deliver designs that can bear such highly variable loads in all directions over 20 years of operation .
In the two - bearing configuration B , shown above right , the rotor shaft is supported by two main bearings .
With this arrangement the residual bending loads transmitted by the rotor shaft to the gearbox depend essentially on the stiffness of the double main bearing configuration and on bedplate stiffness .
The conventional double bearing concept diverts most forces to the structure , and it would actually succeed in delivering pure torque to the gearbox if the shaft , bedplate and bearings were absolutely rigid and the system perfectly aligned .
Unfortunately this is never the case , and it therefore creates potentially very high internal loads .
Moreover , much of the certified software for wind turbine load assessment does not take this effect into account , leading to a significant underestimation of non-torsional loads , and to premature gearbox failure .
Except in a few cases of major turbine concept issues or gearbox defects , modern wind turbines gearboxes usually do not fail in the first few years of operation .
Turbines in the 1.5–3 MW class have been built on the experience of smaller machines where gearbox failure was a chronic issue , and wind turbine and gearbox designs have been improved , allowing gearboxes to work properly in the first years of operation .
However , inspections after 3 – 5 years performed on gearboxes of these large wind turbines usually show that major gearbox overhauls or replacements will be required in the next few years .
With one or two gearbox replacements expected over the 20 - year lifetime of the turbine , even more in very windy sites , many customers are required by their lenders to include risk provision for extra material breakdown in the gearbox in their project business plan .
This of course has a serious impact on project profitability .
Indeed , gearbox failures are regarded as one of the most serious breakdown causes in a wind turbine for two reasons .
Firstly , because of the high cost of repairing or replacing the gearbox and , secondly , because of the resulting downtime .
Replacing a wind turbine gearbox involves primarily the gearbox cost itself , which typically represents around 10 % of the total wind turbine cost .
On top of this expense , must be added its transportation to site , crane rental and mobilisation cost , and the man -hours spent on the replacement .
It means that the value can quickly reach about € 200,000 – € 500,000 , depending on the turbine size and the wind farm ’s location .
A gearbox failure typically causes two to three times more downtime than any other component failure .
In general , a gearbox replacement takes about a week , assuming that the required spare gearbox is available .
Customers may have invested in a few spare gearboxes to handle isolated failure cases , but mobilizing the cash to keep spares in inventories for a complete fleet of wind turbines approaching the critical ‘ 7 – 11 year ’ milestone will be a challenge of a different magnitude for wind farm owners .
This uncertainty therefore adds to the gearbox replacement cost a significant unavailability risk that is difficult to assess and include in wind farm business plans .
Improving Reliability with Novel Support Concept
As previously mentioned , the main problem of conventional rotor support structures is that the gearbox is performing structural and mechanical functions at the same time , which makes it challenging to simulate loads properly at the design stage .
This is especially critical in a component as complex as a gearbox , which is basically designed to withstand mechanical loads .
This challenge is illustrated by the recent debate in the US about whether gearbox failures are due to the gearbox ability to withstand the specified loads , or to the fact that real loads experienced by the gearbox are higher than those specified by the wind turbine manufacturers .
An efficient way to solve this problem is to use a rotor support concept that separates structural behaviour from mechanical behaviour .
This allows designers to simplify the way the loads are transmitted in the drive train , and therefore specify the drive train components with figures that are much closer to the real loads .
The company ’s trademarked Alstom Pure Torque system is a unique rotor support concept protecting the gearbox and other drive train components from deflection loads .
It was introduced by Alstom ’s wind business , formerly Ecotecnia , back in 1984 , and has since been installed in more than 1600 wind turbines .
As shown in figure 2 , above , the rotor , supported directly by a cast frame on two main bearings , is not supported by the gearbox , which is fully separated from the supporting structure .
The two bearings divert weight and other loads to the main frame .
The key feature of this arrangement is that torque transmission is performed independently of rotor support .
The shaft and gearbox are thus protected from potentially damaging bending loads .
The concept decouples bedplate deflexion from the main shaft by means of a front elastic coupling that allows a certain degree of misalignment required in the system .
The gearbox is allowed to pivot freely when the bedplate deflects .
This ensures that only pure torque is going into the gearbox , allowing higher gearbox reliability without overdesign of the gearbox or unnecessary preventive maintenance costs .
Figure 3 Above : Deflection loads ( red arrows ) are transmitted directly to the tower whereas only torque ( dark green arrows ) is transmitted through the shaft to the gearbox
A cast frame goes entirely through the hub to support it and drive all deflection loads ( red arrows ) to the tower , as figure 3 , shown above , illustrates .
The shaft , connected to the hub at the front of the turbine , transmits pure torque to the gearbox .
Technical Validation
The technical benefits of this rotor support concept have been exhaustively validated in the field by measuring strains and displacements at several points in the structure and drive train .
This experimental information has been used to complete and correlate the global virtual design models based on Finite Element Method - ANSYS and Multibody - SAMCEF design tools .
Figure 4 , below shows the most relevant results of this technical analysis in which , in addition to the Alstom Pure Torque validation , the global behaviour of the entire rotor support and the drive train is compared with a standard rotor support concept when a bending load is applied to the hub - rotor .
For this comparison a standard rotor support concept with two main bearings has been used .
When considering the standard rotor support concept , results clearly indicate the development of strain / stress all along the drive train , mainly in the bearing - shaft contact corners , but also affecting internal parts of the gearbox .
In comparison , using same nominal bending moment and colour scale , the Alstom Pure Torque concept distributes strain / stress in the structural parts , isolating the drive train from bending moments .
Above Figure 4 : FEM comparison between a standard two bearing rotor support concept ( top ) and Alstom Pure Torque rotor support and drive train ( bottom ) when a bending load is applied to the hub - rotor .
Equivalent results have been obtained using multibody numerical analysis .
Results indicate a clear reduction of the radial bearing load for any relevant number of cycles when Alstom Pure Torque is considered compared with the standard configuration .
Establishing a Track Record
Alstom ’s competitive availability figures are in part due to its rotor support concept , because less time is required for gearbox maintenance and repair .
A study of more than 200 units of Alstom ’s 750 kW wind turbines has shown a gearbox failure rate below 5 % cumulated over the first nine years of operation .
This number is remarkably low , and this statistic has the advantage of providing real life operation of the Alstom Pure Torque concept for longer periods than the megawatt class wind turbines .
Alstom also analysed the performance of its ECO80 platform , looking at the gearbox failure statistics of a representative sample of over 600 wind turbines of 1.67 MW in over 50 wind farms that have been operating for up to seven years , and performing endoscopic analysis of the wind turbines that accumulated the highest number of operating hours in the sample .
Results proved comparably high reliability performance of the concept in the ECO80 platform .
Based on these results , Alstom is confident that the majority of its wind turbines could operate with their original gearbox for their whole design lifetime .
Pep Prats , vice president of Advanced Technology , Wind , at Alstom , who was also one of the founders of Ecotecnia back in 1981 , comments :
‘ We have worked with this design for a long time ; we actually introduced it already in our very first turbine , a 30 kW unit that we installed in 1984 .
We made a short attempt to use a more conventional design in the 150 – 225 kW turbines we sold in the 90s , but we then decided to come back to this original design with our 600 – 800 kW wind turbines in the late 90s , and have since then based all our wind turbines on this concept . ’
Prats continues : ‘ Another advantage of this concept is its scalability .
Our new ECO 100 platform , with rotor swept areas of over 7800 m2 , have to handle 20 years of very significant loads .
This is being achieved by simply scaling up our rotor support concept , without major redesign of the shaft , support systems and the drive train to cope with the loads .
It is a very unique design , with built - in reliability . ’
The industry usually considers gearboxes as ‘ consumables ’ , since – as mentioned previously – it is anticipated to be changed at least once , if not twice during the lifetime of their wind turbine .
The Alstom Pure Torque concept gets customers away from the idea that a gearbox is a consumable .
WASHINGTON --
More than a year after the CIA 's inspector general stepped down , frustrated members of Congress are urging the White House to fill the internal watchdog position that was central in uncovering abuses inside the spy agency .
Several possible candidates have fallen by the wayside despite assurances from the Obama administration that a nominee will be chosen soon .
The pressure from Congress comes as the administration is contending with concerns about its intelligence structure .
A spate of failed terrorist attacks since December exposed flaws in the intelligence community 's oversight .
The administration also faces congressional unease over its new nominee for national intelligence director , James R. Clapper , after the forced resignation of the previous director , Dennis Blair .
The government 's inspectors general root out corruption , fraud and other abuses that rarely surface otherwise .
Because the CIA 's activities are mostly conducted in secrecy , the position is of special value .
" I am disturbed that it has not been filled up to this point , " said Fred Hitz , who served as the CIA inspector general for eight years until 1998 .
" I am wondering what is going on . "
The CIA 's previous inspector general , John Helgerson , showed the post 's influence by investigating detainee deaths and abuses and reviewing the agency 's harsh Bush - era interrogation program and use of secret prisons around the world .
Helgerson left in March 2009 and later retired .
His deputy , Patricia A. Lewis , had served as acting inspector general until federal law forced her to return to her old post .
She continues to run the office in the deputy position .
The Senate 's intelligence leadership -- Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , and Kit Bond , R - Mo. -- wrote to President Barack Obama pressing him to fill the position .
" While the deputy inspector general has very capably led this office in an acting capacity , this function needs to be directed by an official formally endorsed by the president and the Congress , " the senators wrote in late April .
" For this reason , we believe it is important for you to promptly nominate a permanent replacement . "
Bond said in an interview , " There is a real sense of frustration . "
The White House did not detail its response , but said a nominee was coming .
" The CIA currently employs a committed team of professional investigators and inspectors , and the president is very appreciative of their good work , " White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said .
" We look forward to putting forward a nominee to lead the office of inspector general in the near future . "
Former and current U.S. intelligence officials say a possible candidate -- a former CIA employee -- emerged months ago but the Senate Intelligence Committee raised concerns about that person 's ability to do the job .
The officials said the White House shot down another prospect for reasons that remain unclear .
Another possible nominee is in the mix now , officials said .
" The White House has a candidate , who 's now being vetted , " one official said .
" This is an important , sensitive job , and you want to make sure you have a great match . "
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly .
Danielle Brian , executive director for the Project on Government Oversight , said the unfilled job is vital because the CIA is so secretive .
" There is no question given the lack of transparency at the CIA , this IG is singularly important to have in place , " she said .
" This should be a top priority given the history we 've seen at the CIA . "
The federal government has 69 inspector general positions , 11 of them vacant , including at the State Department , according to the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency .
Helgerson and others familiar with the position say Lewis should get consideration -- though it 's not clear if she is .
" She is an outstanding manager and has audited every corner of the CIA , " Helgerson said .
" She is independent and resolute , yet diplomatic , even gracious -- just what the agency needs . "
It can be a difficult job , as Helgerson found out when he uncovered a slew of abuses in the Bush - era counterterrorism program .
His work , conducted in secret , generated troubling headlines across the world when Obama decided to released parts of his review last year .
" Inevitably , an independent IG raises a lot of tough and unwelcome issues , " Helgerson said .
Helgerson himself came under fire for his work in 2007 , when then - CIA director Gen. Michael V. Hayden ordered a management review of the inspector general 's office .
Mark M. Lowenthal , a former senior CIA official , said there was a widespread feeling that Helgerson 's office was inherently prosecutorial .
" That was the concern , " said Lowenthal , a former assistant director of the CIA .
But Lowenthal added : " I think John was dedicated to the mission .
He was not just going to be there to whitewash things . "
Finding a candidate who combines the right skills and impartiality could be complicating the process .
The CIA inspector general needs to understand the intelligence world but does n't necessarily need to come from the CIA .
Still , knowing the culture , the building and the people makes the position easier .
The person also has to be able to work with Congress ' intelligence committees .
" You need to have an IG who knows the business , " Lowenthal said .
" It 's somewhat of an arcane business .
You want someone there who understands intelligence . "
Four shows share 20 nominations in this year ’s batch , where voting begins June 25
The departure of David Tennant from “ Doctor Who ” has resonated more with this year ’s International Nominating Committee than the departure of “ Lost ” from ABC .
Barely .
“ Doctor Who ” becomes the first show other than “ Battlestar Galactica ” in the past five years to lead all nominees in this year ’s Airlock Alpha Portal Awards , earning six nominations including Best Series / Television and a Best Actor / Television nod to Tennant .
Leaving the show in “ End of Time , ” which also is up for Best Episode / Television , Tennant broke a Portal Awards record generating the most support ever from a nominating committee .
His candidacy for Best Actor drew 77 points from the nominating committee , more than any other nominee in the 11 - year history of the awards .
Unlike “ Battlestar Galactica , ” however , no single show completely dominated the awards .
In fact , four shows split up 20 awards .
“ Fringe ” on Fox and “ Lost ” both earned five nominations each , while “ Torchwood ” picked up four nominations .
All four shows will complete for Best Series / Television against Syfy ’s “ Stargate : Universe , ” which edged out “ Caprica ” in voting to round out that list .
While who made the final list might be interesting , what ’s even more fascinating is who did n’t make it .
“ Supernatural ” on The CW — which won the major categories last year including Best Actor / Television for Jensen Ackles , and Best Series / Television , did n’t earn a single nomination this year .
SGU was tied with “ Caprica ” and Fox ’s “ Dollhouse ” for three nominations each , while “ Smallville ” earned two and six other shows — “ Chuck , ” “ Eureka , ” “ FlashForward , ” “ Sanctuary , ” “ Warehouse 13 ” and “ V ” — picking up one each .
“ Warehouse 13 , ” Syfy ’s highest - rated original series , got its lone nomination in Best Actor / Television for Eddie McClintock , who will face Tennant , John Barrowman from “ Torchwood , ” Matthew Fox from “ Lost ” and Zachary Levi from “ Chuck . ”
BBC also was a big winner , picking up 10 nominations , although Syfy was closely behind with nine .
Fox had eight , ABC 7 , The CW 2 and NBC 1 .
CBS was the only major network that did not have a final nominee in the Portal Awards list .
In movies , both “ Avatar ” and “ Kick - Ass ” tied with four nominations each , while “ Iron Man 2 ” earned three nominations , and both “ District 9 ” and “ Moon ” two each .
Voting for the 2010 Portal Awards begins June 25 here at Airlock Alpha .
Readers will be allowed to vote once per day for 30 days .
Although Karen Gillan , the new companion for “ Doctor Who , ” is up for Best Actress / Television , new series star Matt Smith did not make the final cut .
Gillan is up against Paula Malcomson from “ Caprica , ” Eve Myles of “ Torchwood , ” Amanda Tappin of “ Sanctuary . ”
The newest category is the Rod Serling Award , honoring classic science - fiction that has been off the air for at least 10 years .
The charter class for this award including the original “ Twilight Zone , ” the award ’s namesake creation , the original “ Doctor Who ” and the original “ Star Trek . ”
Looking to join that class is “ Babylon 5 , ” “ Quantum Leap , ” “ Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , ” “ Star Trek : The Next Generation ” and “ Twin Peaks . ”
Winners will be announced in August .
Best Actor / Television
John Barrowman , Torchwood
Matthew Fox , Lost
Zachary Levi , Chuck
Eddie McClintock , Warehouse 13
David Tennant , Doctor Who
Best Actress / Television
Karen Gillan , Doctor Who
Paula Malcomson , Caprica
Eve Myles , Torchwood
Amanda Tapping , Sanctuary
Anna Torv , Fringe
Best Supporting Actor / Television
Robert Carlyle , Stargate : Universe
Bernard Cribbins , Doctor Who
Enver Gjokaj , Dollhouse
John Noble , Fringe
Terry O’Quinn , Lost
Best Supporting Actress / Television
Morena Baccarin , V
Alaina Huffman , Stargate : Universe
Yunjin Kim , Lost
Polly Walker , Caprica
Olivia Williams , Dollhouse
Best Episode / Television
“ Absolute Justice , ” Smallville
“ Children of Earth , ” Torchwood
“ The End , ” Lost
“ End of Time , ” Doctor Who
“ Over There , ” Fringe
Best Special Guest / Television
James Callis , “ Course Correction , ” FlashForward
Felicia Day , “ Epitaph , Part 2 , ” Dollhouse
Alex Kingston , “ Time of Angels , ” Doctor Who
Leonard Nimoy , “ Over There , ” Fringe
Michael Shanks , “ Absolute Justice , ” Smallville
Best Young Actor
Magda Apanowicz , Caprica
Jordan Hinson , Eureka
Aaron Johnson , Kick - Ass
Chloe Moretz , Kick - Ass
Daniel Radcliffe , Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
Best Web Production
CTRL
Heroes : Going Postal
Stargate : Universe – Kino
Star Trek : Phase II
Trek Through Time
Best Website
GateWorld
SciFi Wire
TrekMovie
The TV Addict
Whedonesque
Best Actor / Movie
Sharlto Copley , District 9
Johnny Depp , Alice in Wonderland
Robert Downey Jr. , Iron Man 2
Sam Rockwell , Moon
Sam Worthington , Avatar
Best Actress / Movie
Scarlett Johansson , Iron Man 2
Chloe Moretz , Kick - Ass
Gwyneth Paltrow , Iron Man 2
Zoe Saldana , Avatar
Sigourney Weaver , Avatar
Best Movie
Avatar
District 9
Kick - Ass
Moon
Zombieland
Best Series / Television
Doctor Who
Fringe
Lost
Stargate : Universe
Torchwood
Rod Serling Award
Babylon 5
Quantum Leap
Star Trek : Deep Space Nine
Star Trek : The Next Generation
Twin Peaks
Gene Roddenberry Award
J.J. Abrams
Gene Coon
Russell T. Davies
Ronald D. Moore
Peter Jackson
A new monthly feature by Beyond Words , Now Playing highlights some of the best foreign films currently playing at the theater .
American attendance at foreign language films dropped exponentially during the last decade , with foreign film ticket sales accounting for less than 1 percent of business at the US box office .
We do n’t want foreign films to disappear from the American movie landscape– they remain a great way to expose American moviegoers to new languages and cultures .
So , we ’re providing you with a few plot synopses and trailers .
All you need to do is make your way to a local art house and enjoy these films on the big screen .
Mademoiselle Chambon
Director : Stéphane Brizé , Language : French
Véronique Chambon ( Sandrine Kiberlain ) leads a quiet , assuming life in provincial town , earning her living by teaching elementary school and seemingly spending much of her free time in the quiet of her rented apartment .
Having asked the parents of her pupils to visit her classroom to talk about what they do for a living , she encounters Jean ( Vincent Lindon ) , a class parent and home builder who somewhat shyly explains his daily routine .
Somehow , a certain spark ignites between the proper young teacher and the gruff contractor .
Both sense the impossibility of their attraction , but neither lets it fade .
Stéphane Brizé carefully constructs the elegant , moving tale of unexpected romance with enormous patience and delicacy , sensitive to the rhythms of this special relationship full of misconstrued signals and ambiguous feelings .
And , Kiberlain and Lindon ( divorced in real life ) are both simply superb .
A hit in France and winner of the César award for Best Adapted Screenplay , Mademoiselle Chambon is a timeless romance .
–© Lorber
The Father of My Children
Director : Mia Hansen - Love , Language : French
Grégoire Canvel has everything a man could want .
A wife he loves , three delightful children and a stimulating job .
He ’s a film producer .
Discovering talented filmmakers and developing films that fit his conception of the cinema - free and true to life - is precisely his reason for living .
His vocation .
It fulfills him and Grégoire devotes almost all his time and energy to his work .
He ’s hyperactive , he never stops .
Except on weekends , which he spends in the country with his family - gentle interludes , as precious as they are fragile .
With his bearing and exceptional charisma , Grégoire commands admiration .
He seems invincible .
Yet his prestigious production company , Moon Films , is on its last legs .
Too many productions , too many risks , too many debts .
Storm clouds are gathering .
But Grégoire plows on at all costs .
Where will his blind obstinacy lead him ?
One day , he is obliged to face the facts .
In one word : failure .
He is overwhelmed by fatigue .
Which soon , secretly , turns into despair .
–© IFC
Babies
Director : Thomas Balmès , Languages : Baby , English , Herero , Japanese , Mongolian ( Note : No Subtitles )
Directed by award - winning filmmaker Thomas Balmès , from an original idea by producer Alain Chabat , Babies simultaneously follows four babies around the world – from birth to first steps .
The children are , respectively , in order of on - screen introduction : Ponijao , who lives with her family near Opuwo , Namibia ; Bayarjargal , who resides with his family in Mongolia , near Bayanchandmani ; Mari , who lives with her family in Tokyo , Japan ; and Hattie , who resides with her family in the United States , in San Francisco .
Re-defining the nonfiction art form , Babies joyfully captures on film the earliest stages of the journey of humanity that are at once unique and universal to us all .
–© Focus Features
Related Articles
Now Playing : May 2010
—
Original source photo provided by The Powerhouse Museum Collection
____________________________________________________________________________________________
ALTA is an Atlanta based Language Services Provider celebrating 30 years in business .
We provide comprehensive translation services including foreign language transcription , subtitling , and voice - overs .
For more information , please call 404.920.3800 .
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket has enjoyed a successful maiden test flight after the first launch attempted was aborted .
The rocket , which could one day carry astronauts , blasted - off from its launch pad at Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 1845 GMT .
The California - based firm developed the vehicle with a large subsidy from Nasa .
Friday 's first launch attempt was aborted at the last second because an engine parameter fell out of limits .
According to the Spaceflight Now website , a SpaceX spokesperson said the rocket achieved orbit , but they were not sure of the altitude or inclination .
US President Barack Obama , who inspected the rocket on its pad in April , has said he wanted the business of taxiing astronauts to and from the International Space Station handed to the commercial sector .
Many commentators believe the Falcon is in a prime position to win that business .
Before the rocket can be allowed to launch humans , it has to first demonstrate performance and reliability in the role of lofting robotic spacecraft .
Lofty ambitions
The Falcon 9 in its simplest form is a " single stick " vehicle with a two - stage configuration .
A cluster of nine SpaceX - developed Merlin - 1C engines will power the rocket off the pad .
A single Merlin on the second stage will complete the task of pushing the payload into orbit .
For its maiden flight , the Falcon 9 carried a cut - down version of its Dragon freighter - a blunt - nosed , 3.7 m - wide capsule that will collect engineering performance data during the ascent .
On future flights , Dragon will be filled with supplies for the International Space Station .
Historically , the maiden flights of rockets have a notoriously high failure rate .
Some two - thirds of the rockets introduced in the past 20 years have had an unsuccessful first outing .
Millionaire Elon Musk set up SpaceX in 2002 and has already flown a much smaller rocket called the Falcon 1 .
To keep costs as low as possible , the Falcon 9 uses many of the same components and systems , including its kerosene / liquid - oxygen - burning Merlin engines .
SpaceX was awarded a $ 1.6 bn contract by Nasa in 2008 for up to 12 Falcon / Dragon missions to the ISS .
The Dragon freighter , once operational , is expected to be capable of hauling six tonnes of food , water , air and equipment to the platform .
The company says it has designed Dragon in such a way that it can be converted relatively easily into a crew ship , if Nasa so desires it .
The company claims that it would be ready to launch astronauts on the Falcon within three years of being given an ISS taxiing contract .
SPACEX DRAGON CAPSULE
The initial goal is just to carry cargo to the space station
But the Dragon capsule could also carry crew ( above )
Highly heat - resistant material protects the craft on re-entry
Dragon is designed for a parachute landing on water
However , other space companies and their rockets will almost certainly be in competition for such work , including some of the established industry names like Boeing and Lockheed Martin .
SpaceX hopes the Falcon 9 can also take a sizeable share of the commercial satellite launch market .
It is quoting prices to put large telecommunications spacecraft in geostationary orbit that dramatically undercut current sector leaders , such as Europe 's Ariane 5 and Russia 's Proton vehicles .
But Rachel Villain from the respected space analysts Euroconsult said many in the satellite business were being cautious about SpaceX 's future prospects .
" This is not new in the industry , " she told BBC News .
" When we had the maiden flight of Ariane 4 , when we had the maiden flight of Atlas 3 , the maiden flight of Delta 4 - all these vehicles promoted a good price for the company taking the risk of being on an early launch .
I , like many in the industry , am watching to see if SpaceX can sustain these prices . "
Director Christopher Nolan has said that the Joker will not be returning in Batman 3 or any other subsequent bat - films as long as he 's helming the franchise .
From the latest issue of Empire Magazine :
" ' No , ' says Nolan emphatically and unhesitatingly .
He resists elaborating simply because , quite understandably , he says , ' I just do n't feel comfortable talking about it .
'" Nolan 's Dark Knight incaration of the Joker was portrayed by Heath Ledger , who won a posthumous Academy Award for his performance in the film .
With The Clown Prince completely out of the running for the next installment , the question remains as to who will be the villain in Batman 3
Do you sympathize with Nolan 's decision or would you like to see more Joker right away ?
Sound off in the comments below .
Minister for the Environment John Gormley has rejected a claim that the Green Party " bullied " coalition partners Fianna Fáil into passing legislation .
Tipperary South TD Mattie McGrath , who was expelled from the Fianna Fál parliamentary party last night after voting against the Wildlife ( Amendment ) Bill 2010 , said today that pro-Green legislation was being " front - loaded " in order to be passed by the Dáil during the current session .
" When I see our national parliament reduced to debating an issue about stags and breeding bitches for the last number of weeks and this legislation being made a priority ... I think it 's time to call a halt to it , " he said on RTÉ Radio this morning .
Mr McGrath said that a number of recent Bills , including those covering planning and civil partnership , had been pushed forward by the Greens without being properly debated .
Mr McGrath said such moves were undemocratic .
" They are bullying Fianna Fáil to be honest , " he said .
Mr McGrath was also critical of developments within Fianna Fáil and of its leader Brian Cowen .
" He ( Cowen ) has n't been upfront and fair with us and he has n't been leading as we expect him to lead , " said Mr McGrath .
Mr Gormley rejected Mr McGrath 's comments on bullying in a statement this morning .
He said the TD was among the Fianna Fáil party members who endorsed the renewed Programme for Government , which included the proposed legislation on banning stag hunting .
Speaking on RTE News at One Mr Gormely said the Wildlife ( Amendment ) Bill was a " relatively minor piece of legislation " that should not have taken up so much Dáil time .
He also claimed he had done as much as he could to address the concerns of Fianna Fáil TDs over the Bill .
" I have done more I believe than any other minister to engage .
I 've gone to two Fianna Fáil parlimentary parties and spoken at length on all of the issues .
I 've been engaged on an ongoing basis with the Taoiseach and frankly I find it astounding that the head of our country and myself as Minister for Environment would be wasting time on an issue that i find as a fairly minor matter , " he said .
Mr McGrath yesterday became the fifth member of the Fianna Fáil parliamentary party to lose the whip since the last election after he voted against the Government in the final division on the Wildlife ( Amendment ) Bill 2010 .
Labour 's Tommy Broughan , a longtime opponent of blood sports , had the party whip removed after absenting himself from the final vote on the measure .
The Bill was passed by 75 votes to 72 in an electronic vote , with Mr McGrath voting with the Opposition and then by 75 to 71 in a walk - through vote in which he abstained .
Another Fianna Fáil TD , Christy O’Sullivan from Cork South West , abstained on an earlier division but voted with the Government on the final stage .
His fate will be decided today after a meeting with Government Chief Whip John Curran .
Mr McGrath said again today he intends to vote against the Dog Breeding Establishments
Bill next week , despite Mr Gormley agreeing yesterday to amend the legislation in an effort to persuade wavering TDs to back the stag hunting ban .
Six other Fianna Fáil TDs who spoke against the Bill in the Dáil last week voted in favour of it last night .
Labour chief whip Emmet Stagg wrote to Mr Broughan last night , telling him he had lost the party whip as a result of his abstention .
Broadcaster Stephen
Fry last night hit out at the " infantilism " of British TV and said that heavily promoted shows like Doctor Who , while being good programmes , were the equivalent of chicken nuggets .
He also spoke of the " absurdity " of some compliance rules , and said " fear " is everywhere in the television industry in this country .
Fry , who hosts QI , said that the programmes were " like a chicken nugget .
Every now and again we all like it …
But if you are an adult you want something surprising , savoury , sharp , unusual , cosmopolitan , alien , challenging , complex , ambiguous , possibly even slightly disturbing and wrong .
" You want to try those things , because that 's what being adult means . "
Fry was delivering the Bafta Annual Television Lecture in central London .
During a question and answer session after his speech , Fry told the audience : " If I wanted to be angry … I would say infantilism 's the problem .
" The number of times I turn on the television and I think ' Gosh , children 's television 's gone on , that 's a really good art documentary …
Oh my God , it 's nine o'clock in the evening .
This is for grown - ups ? '
It 's just shocking .
" The only drama the BBC will boast about are Merlin and Doctor Who , which are fine , but they 're children 's programmes .
They 're not for adults .
" And they 're very good children 's programmes , do n't get me wrong , they 're wonderfully written … but they are not for adults .
Fry said he was not arguing that all television should be pompous , academic or intellectual .
" But they ought to surprise and to astonish and to make us feel perhaps the possibility there is a world outside that we know nothing of to provoke us , to provoke in the best sense of the word , sometimes in the worst sense , " he said .
" To surprise us , to outrage us . "
Fry also highlighted what he felt was a lack of confidence among producers , although said the BBC would point to shows such as Gavin and Stacey and Little Britain .
He said : " These are very successful .
But they are also unbelievably Balkanised .
" They are set into a particular demographic .
This is what I mean by television not being the nation 's fireplace . ..
" It 's just all parcelled and I do n't know that there 's a solution to it . "
Fry said that compliance issues and boxes that had to be ticked were what " everyone knows the public do n't want " .
He also said that the Sachsgate scandal involving Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand helped fuel a sense of " fear " .
He mentioned a friend who was involved in making an episode of spy drama Spooks who was told a character had to wear a seatbelt in their car while saving London in the plot .
He also said it was mentioned the actor should pull over while talking on the phone , despite someone having been shot in an earlier scene .
Fry later said : " The temptation to scream ' F *** off ' so loudly ... there is no possible excuse , defence or claim that you can make that justifies such absurdity .
" I 'm gonna ask rock star Kostas ... to come on .
And Kostas has brought with him Windows Phone 7 , which we launch this October . "
So sayeth Microsoft VP for Marketing Mich Mathews in introducing GM of Live Labs ' Kostas Mallios , who was at the Cannes Lions advertising conference to show off the advertising capabilities of the upcoming smartphone platform .
Of course , last we heard , the official company line on WP7's release was " holiday 2010 , " so this would definitely narrow the launch window quite a bit , as well as corroborates earlier Telstra roadmap leaks .
Not an official statement , but Mathews would definitely be someone in the know here .
Do n't expect the folks in Redmond to go ahead and confirm -- they work on their own schedule , thank you very much -- but should someone ' fess up , can we also talk about that $ 150 Kinect price ?
Video after the break .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
JMave Profile Blog Joined December 2007 Singapore 1792 Posts # 2 hoping flash will win this to get his golden mouse !
火心 Jealous .
I always loved that feeling when I was young .
Embrace it .
zoltanium Profile Joined April 2010 Australia 171 Posts # 3 go Flash !
mate
K3Nyy Profile Joined February 2010 United States 1857 Posts # 4 I really hope Flash does n't let his loss earlier last week affect him .
3 - 0 Flash !
Djin ) ftw ( Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Germany 2671 Posts # 5 Flash 2 Effort 3
u read it here first !!!
" jk CLG best mindgames using the baron to counterthrow " - boesthius
J1.au Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Australia 3550 Posts # 6 I forgot this was happening so soon !
I predict a 3 - 1 Flash victory .
writer22816 Profile Blog Joined September 2008 United States 5065 Posts # 7 Gonna be sick finals , I predict Flash 3 - 2 . 8/4/12 never forget , never forgive .
SuperArc Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Austria 7781 Posts # 8 Flash 3 - 2 going 1 - 1 on Matchpoint Snow - future of protoss ! :)
Nada = baller
Brett Profile Blog Joined October 2002 Australia 3815 Posts # 9 5 games of pire AMAZING please ....
Hirmu Profile Blog Joined August 2008 Finland 843 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-20 13:48:44 # 10 lol amazing prediction picture haha
its gonna be an epic fight effort gogo !
ggrrg Profile Blog Joined September 2009 Bulgaria 2638 Posts # 11 Totally agree with the predictions !
3 -0 Flash
purpose Profile Joined May 2008 Sweden 1017 Posts # 12
What is the golden mouse ?
I hope Effort win , always fun with an upset .
Also if Flash win both msl and osl it will be impossible to read the forums for a week ... unless your a flash fanboy that is :-)
flamewheel Profile Blog Joined December 2009 FREEAGLELAND 25156 Posts # 13 YEAH KEIT YEAH .
This picture is so hot .
Lololol Flash .
Writer damn , i was two days from retirement
justiceknight Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Singapore 3773 Posts # 14 I LB effort , am i doing the right thing lol
TuElite Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Canada 2123 Posts # 15 이영호 Fighting !!
Destroy Effort and get that golden mouse Flash , you deserve it !
Always Smile - Jung Nicole - Follow Nicole on Twitter @_911007 and me @TuElite
flamewheel Profile Blog Joined December 2009 FREEAGLELAND 25156 Posts # 16 On May 20 2010 23:15 justiceknight wrote :
I LB effort , am i doing the right thing lol
NO .
Also we need more hype !
NO .
Also we need more hype !
Writer damn , i was two days from retirement
sixfour Profile Blog Joined December 2009 England 11021 Posts # 17
This is going to be amazing , especially if Effort can play near his best and Flash 's TvZ stays as it has for the last month , i.e. still ridiculous but not invincible p : stats , horang2 , free , jangbi z : soulkey , zero , shine , hydra t : leta , hiya , sea
KristianJS Profile Joined October 2009 2107 Posts # 18 YESSSSSSS !!!!!!!!
Go Flash !
Look at Flash in the pic , what a baller .
I 'm hyped as hell for this final !
On the other hand , if he loses I might actually cry hahaha .
You need to be 100 % behind someone before you can stab them in the back
Dreamer .
T Profile Joined December 2009 United States 3030 Posts # 19 3 - 1 Flash .
Forever the best , IMMvp <3
meegrean Profile Joined May 2008 Thailand 6167 Posts # 20 Flash will rape this noob effortlessly .
Tactical feeding specialist
1 2 3 4 5 311 312 313 Next
Research scientist Jack Kassewitz has found that the iPad 's touch - based interface is so intuitive that even some nonhuman species can use it .
In this case , that species happens to be dolphins .
Kassewitz is using iPads with custom - developed software to help facilitate two - way communication between humans and dolphins .
Kassewitz has worked for years studying the behavior and communication patterns of dolphins .
Numerous studies on dolphin language show signs of advanced intelligence , and it is believed that the high - frequency sounds dolphins make underwater are capable of communicating information that is holographic in nature .
Since humans do n't communicate natively with holograms , Kassewitz is currently working on a project to build a symbolic language that dolphins and humans can use to communicate with one another .
Kassewitz searched for nearly two years to find a touchscreen device that dolphins could reliably activate with their rostrum ( or beak ) , while still being powerful enough to record or play back the high frequency sounds associated with dolphin language and durable enough to work in underwater environments .
He had originally settled on the Panasonic Toughbook , but recently began evaluating the iPad as an alternative .
The iPad is suited to Kassewitz 's research in a number of ways .
" It 's small and lightweight , " Kassewitz told Ars .
" It 's very forgiving .
For example , if I turn it the ' wrong ' way , it turns itself back the ' right ' way .
And the iPhone OS system is fast — more than fast enough for my use . "
Kassewitz is currently using a sealable bag that protects the iPad underwater to depths of a few feet , though he is also working with Otterbox to make something more robust and with better anti-glare capabilities to make it easier for the dolphins to see the screen .
Bluetooth allows him to connect to speakers to " hear " the underwater dolphin speech , and he can view a spectrograph of the sounds on the iPad 's screen .
Kassewitz is also taking advantage of the undocumented USB audio capabilities of the iPad Camera Connection Kit to interface with some specialized audio recording equipment .
He uses a series of underwater microphones ( or hydrophones ) to record the unique sound patterns of dolphin speech made while interacting with the iPad , to try and determine what patterns are associated with symbols displayed on the screen .
" We think that once the dolphins get the hang of the touchscreen , we can let them choose from a wide assortment of symbols to represent objects , actions , and even emotions , " Kassewitz said .
He believes that his team will then be able to develop a rudimentary symbolic language .
" I 've been doing this for a long time , just trying to understand dolphins as a species , " Kassewitz told Ars .
" One of the things I am convinced of is that dolphins are as frustrated with us as we are with them in terms of attempting to have some kind of cross- species communication . "
The first step in building that system of communication is a very simple game wherein a dolphin named Merlin is shown an object , such as a ball or a rubber duck .
( Kassewitz told us that dolphins respond well to the color yellow . )
Then Merlin has to point to an image of the object on the iPad 's screen , selecting it with his rostrum .
" Games are a relatively simple way to build an understanding between two animals — humans included , " Kassewitz told Ars .
" Games require agreements to work , and agreements require some high - level thinking . "
Ultimately , Kassewitz will build a library of symbols that dolphins can recognize that form the basis of " a complete language interface between humans and dolphins . "
Kassewitz 's research team will conduct more tests this July , pitting the Toughbook directly against the iPad to determine which platform will be used going forward .
However , he believes that the iPad 's size and weight advantage may prove to be the deciding factor .
" We could use two or three iPads showing different sets of images , and the dolphin would be able to choose among them , " he said .
Everyone wants to get out and ride , but not everyone has an abundance of extra cash sitting around to grab the latest and greatest Fixie / single speed bike .
So what to do ?
Well we decided to take Walmart up on its Mongoose Single Speed bike offer .
Coming in at a reasonable $ 149.99 would this bargain prices bike give us the performance and satisfaction we were looking for ?
Let ’s find out in Part 1 of our budget build .
First thing first , we found our donor bicycle at the local Walmart bike isle sporting all the consummate badges and sales tags one could stick on it .
After giving it a once over , we noticed a small one inch scrape on the top tube .
Being the savvy shoppers we are , we mentioned it to management .
That eye spy moment turned into a $ 10 discount .
Around a 7 % right off the top , enough to cover taxes .
Not too shabby .
So we take our new pride and joy home to really get a better look .
General Impressions
Overall the bike looks decent .
The black and white theme seems to carry well , however Mongoose has seen fit to apply 10 lbs of stickers to the bike .
It feels busy as a result of all the safety items and visual effects they saw fit to add to it .
It ’s a tall frame .
If your under 5 ’ 7 ” I would be weary .
All the safety items are present and it even comes with a manual .
Frame
Weight wise it might lean to the heavy side , probably resulting from the spoke laden rims .
The aluminum frame seems solid , considering our rider qualifies for the Clydesdale club , that ’s a good thing .
The top and down tube have a triangular shape to them .
This gives it a somewhat modern look .
If you wanted retro , look elsewhere .
The welds look like something you would expect from a mass produced bike but relatively clean .
Heavy in some spots like the bottom forks for example .
But nothing we ca n’t live with .
No hand TIG welds here but they go completely around the frame and look good .
Paint quality seems decent .
It ’s black with a nice shine and looking at the scratch , pretty thick .
This probably added a little weight here .
Steering
Going with a slightly dropped stem and a raised handle bar looks ok but feels like it adds pressure to the wrist .
The one piece stem provides little in the way of upgrades so we will look at replacing the whole ensemble .
Looking at the bars and stem while riding it feels as if they are slightly off .
But it ’s barely noticeable .
The steering is average .
Not fast but not too slow .
It will instill confidence in a rider who has n’t been on this type of bike with straight handle bars and takes very little to get used to .
I would have liked a level stem at the minimum to make the handle bar rise more neutral .
The grips have a protective thumb ring on them looking like they stole them from the BMX parts bin .
We will have to take care of that soon .
Coming with front and rear brakes with simple levers ; one can assume the braking would be sufficient .
On initial rides they were .
Not superb but sufficient .
However we plan to change the whole front end to a drop bar system so the whole brake system will be upgrade in the future and we can get a slight elevation on the bars to aid our wrist .
Rear
The rear drop out is pretty thick .
I was concerned that a thin area here would result in warping but I think it will hold up .
Rear dropdown area provides us with a tension adjuster .
A nice feature but some people will remove it .
There is a welded bracket for the chain guard which will need removing .
The welds here look good and the white chain also includes a breakable link .
The rear hub has a freewheeling sprocket attached .
Nice black painted hubs front and rear .
Thick in the middle but whether or not you like that might be personal taste .
Looking it over , they also provided a threaded side of the rear hub for an additional sprocket creating an adjustable fixie / single speed option .
One would just have to have their local bike shop apply a locked sprocket .
The rim is a 700 cc 25 mm V style rim painted white and pre machined for the breaking surface .
The quality looks good sans the million spoke theme .
We are sure there is a good bit of weight to be saved here .
Add new rims to the list once these start to go bad .
They were pretty true right out the store so you will be able to ride it home and no wobble was noticed .
Rear brakes are similar to the front , nothing fancy hear , but it gives us a chance to take a look at the rim and some more decals .
There is a brake cable guide with exposed cable on the upper tube .
We will try to get some pictures of that soon .
If we were building a retro bike this would not fit at all , but since this is a very modern approach , it ’s all good .
Seat
You sit on it , what else can we say .
Looking at other bikes costing twice as much , it ’s obvious this is nothing more than vinyl , plastic and some metal .
But it works .
How good or bad is it depends on what your used to .
After a few 12 to 15 mile rides I have gotten used to it .
However I am sure an upgrade will be in the future plans and my rear will thank me .
Maybe one of those sweet super wide seats with the gel and springs .. hmm yea .
Cranks
The crank set looks to be out of a mountain bike ; its wide and measuring with the naked eye , looks similar to a euro bottom bracket .
It ’s a threaded assemble on both sides with a square spindle for each crank .
We have not gotten a measurement on the crank length but will have that soon enough .
The front sprocket seemed small also .
Great for tooling around town , but when trying to keep up with another member of the Urban1 Cycle team , I was cranking like there was no tomorrow and just could not make any more speed .
Slightly longer cranks and a larger sprocket are needed , so we will put them on the list .
There also is a welded bracket similar to the rear for the chain guard , like before we will cut that off at a later date .
Pedals are a simple design , coming shoe straps , the plastic bodied metal framed pedals will probably not last long .
We also get a good view of the chain guard that is mandated on today ’s bicycles .
The Sprocket as mentioned is small , and looks thin but has held up to everything thrown at it so far .
To get you running it works but for more than casual riding , it will be replaced .
Conclusion
So , after plopping down our hard earned money , how do we feel ?
Not bad .
Remember , it ’s not a $ 1000 bike by any means , but considering it gets us on the road to ride it fits the bill .
And if we plan out a replacement strategy , we can upgrade parts over the next few weeks to months as funds permit .
As we work on out budget build we will also get weights on each part replaced so we can get a better idea of what the sacrifice in pricing cost us and if we can build a superior bike down the road .
From the onset the weak points look to be the steering and the cranks .
So handlebars first then cranks , after that maybe a little nicer seat for creature comforts then on to the wheels .
Look for
Part two of the build up as we clean it up and make it more presentable and street worthy .
One thing is for sure , with only a few days of riding and the good times I have had , I would give it two thumbs up for the return on the investment so far .
Would I do it again ?
Yea in a heartbeat , who wants a wallet bike any way ?
This way I can make it mine while I enjoy the ride .
See you on the road .
So Raghuram Rajan has posted a further explanation of his case for raising interest rates in the face of very high unemployment , presumably a response to Mark Thoma .
It ’s good to see Rajan put his cards on the table — but what he says only further confirms my sense that we ’re talking about some kind of psychological desire to be tough , rather than the kind of analysis one would expect from a highly trained economist .
Rajan ’s argument boils down to two assertions :
1. Raising rates a bit would n’t significantly deter investment .
2. “ Unnaturally low ” interest rates are distorting asset prices .
The first thing to say about these two assertions is that they are essentially contradictory .
If the difference between current rates and the rates Rajan wants is trivial — just a wafer thin mint — how can that same difference be leading to a major distortion in financial markets ?
Are we to believe that an interest rate change that matters not at all to firms making real investments somehow has huge effects on speculators ?
And actually , do n’t asset prices themselves matter for real investment ?
It might be worth noting , in this context , that just because the interest rate on safe bonds is near zero , that does n’t mean that people making risky investments can borrow at near - zero rates .
Beyond all that , what does Rajan mean by “ unnaturally low ” rates ?
What makes them unnatural ?
My take on the current economic situation is quite simple , and I would have thought corresponds to standard economics .
Right now , we clearly do n’t have enough demand to make full use of the economy ’s productive capacity .
This means that the real interest rate is too high .
And so the “ natural ” thing is for the real rate to fall .
Yes , that would mean a negative real rate .
So ?
The trouble is that getting that negative real rate is n’t easy , because the nominal rate ca n’t go below zero , and there ’s no easy way to create expected inflation .
If you ask what would happen if prices were completely flexible , the answer , as I figured out long ago , is that prices would fall so far now that people would expect them to rise in the future , creating expected inflation .
Bur prices are n’t that flexible , which is why we turn to quantitative easing , fiscal policy , and more .
Surely , though , we want to get rates as close to their appropriate level as possible — which means a zero nominal rate .
There ’s nothing “ unnatural ” about it .
On the contrary , the “ natural rate of interest ” , as Wicksell defined it , is clearly negative right now .
So why does Rajan feel that there must be something wrong with low rates ( and he ’s not alone ) ?
I think his language , with its odd moral tone , is the giveaway : it ’s the sense that economic policy is supposed to involve being tough on people , not giving money away cheap .
I actually understand the seductiveness of that posture ; I can sort of understand how economists succumb to it .
But right now , with the world desperately in need of clear thinking , is no time to give in to the subtle allure of inflicting economic pain .
Daaang , that 's some impressive work right there ^ ^I do n't know which part I like best , but every single aspect is just amazingI also do n't know what the hell is going on Haha , one of these years I 'll actually get caught up with the series .
The last episode I saw was Naruto trying to fight Itachi in the woods and Itachi turned into crows ... I am so behind * A * But this awesomely amazing artwork might be the motivation I need to get crack ' a'lackin .
Cannot wait to find out the story behind this .
You are a very talented artist , and I thank you for sharing this with us !!
It really is gorgeous
Bracknell , UK , June 1 , 2010 – Kalypso Media , a global publisher of award - winning PC and console games is pleased to unveil The First Templar , an action - adventure title currently in development for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system from Microsoft® and Windows PC .
The First Templar follows the story of two characters – a French Templar , and his companion , a noble lady who has been proclaimed a heretic .
Taking control over these two unlikely allies , the player must uncover the mysteries behind the Templar Order , play a role in a grand conspiracy , and discover the secret of the Holy Grail .
The First Templar is scheduled for release in Q1 2011 .
In development by Haemimont Games , The First Templar is a co-operative action adventure game in development for Xbox 360 and PC .
The game portrays a dark and gritty view of the late 13th century where old friends become enemies , corruption spreads throughout the Church and fallen knights oppress the weak and renounce their oaths .
The First Templar follows the story of two main characters – a French Templar , and his companion , a noble lady who has been proclaimed a heretic .
Taking control over these two unlikely allies , the player must uncover the mysteries behind the Templar Order , play a role in a grand conspiracy , and discover the secret of the Holy Grail .
The heroes face powerful opponents at every turn , in the face of the Saracen , King Philip IV of France and the Inquisition .
The First Templar features both single player and co-op modes .
When playing solo , the player can switch between the two characters , leaving the control of the second hero to the game ’s AI .
At any moment a second player can join in and take control of the AI controlled hero .
Features of The First Templar :
Fast - paced cooperative play : players can assist one another as each takes on the role of the game ’s key characters .
Drop - in / out cooperative gameplay lets the AI take over when one player leaves the game
Single player - two characters : Play as either character , switching roles as you go to use the best skills for the job .
RPG inspired character development : each has their own skills and skill paths , which the player can develop as they complete missions and explore the game world
Rich , historical game - world : return to the 13th century , where European culture is on the brink of collapse .
20 historically accurate locations have been recreated for the player to explore .
For more information about The First Templar , please visit www.kalypsomedia.com
About the Kalypso Media Group Founded in 2006 in Germany by industry veterans Simon Hellwig and Stefan Marcinek , Kalypso Media is a privately - held , global independent developer , marketer and publisher of interactive entertainment software , primarily for Windows PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
Along with headquarters in Germany , the company has offices in the United Kingdom and the United States , including Kalypso Media Digital , Ltd. , a UK - based subsidiary that focuses on global digital distribution and electronic publishing .
The company also owns two development studios – Realmforge Studios and Gaming Minds Studios– and works with a number of leading independent developers .
About Haemimont Games
ON JUNE 19th the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) , the country 's central bank , said it would increase the “ flexibility ” of China 's currency , thus interrupting the weekends of analysts , policymakers and journalists , who have been watching and waiting for this decision for months .
As a small mercy to foreigners , the PBOC posted an English version of its announcement on its website .
But that did n't make its precise intentions much clearer .
What , one wonders , does the PBOC mean by its pledge to keep the “ RMB exchange rate basically stable at an adaptive and equilibrium level ” ?
The statement was “ vague and limited ” , according to Charles Schumer , a Democratic senator from New York who is sponsoring a bill to slap duties on Chinese imports .
It was followed by another statement on June 20th ( in Chinese only ) reassuring everyone that basic stability would be safeguarded .
The PBOC was clearer about what it intends not to do .
It pointed out that China 's controversial current - account surplus has narrowed over recent years , from 11 % of GDP in 2007 to 6.1 % of GDP last year .
There was therefore no justification for a “ large - scale appreciation ” of the exchange rate , it said .
Most likely , the central bank will first allow the yuan to wobble by up to 0.5 % each day .
When it is confident that China 's economic momentum can survive the euro - area 's woes , it will let the yuan strengthen at about the same pace as before the crisis , ie about 5 % a year , on a trade - weighted , inflation - adjusted basis .
The PBOC said it will be guided by a “ basket ” of currencies , not the dollar alone .
If the euro resumes its slide in the next few weeks or months , the yuan might even be nudged down a bit against the dollar , to keep its trade - weighted value stable .
America 's Congressmen , do n't much care for nice debates about the equilibrium , trade - weighted value of a currency .
They do care about how many yuan you can buy for a dollar .
Tao Wang of UBS has ventured an answer to that question .
She forecasts that by the end of 2011 , you will be able to get 6.2 yuan for the dollar , compared with 6.83 now .
That in itself is not a momentous change .
But it is best to see this weekend 's move as an institutional reform , rather than a change in price .
It was a slow , deliberate step towards a more sophisticated currency regime , rather than a stronger currency per se .
As China 's economy evolves over the next few years , weaning itself off investment spending and towards consumption , it now has a suppler exchange rate that can help guide and cushion that process .
Presumably that is what the PBOC meant by an “ adaptive ” currency .
Economics by invitation : Should China allow the yuan to rise ?
Show full PR text
Tamper - proof image capture and archiving assures the accuracy and legitimacy of forensic evidence
Stores data files safely for up to 100 years *
Obsoletes need for film and enhances digital photography for evidence collection and other applications
Milpitas , Calif. , June 23 , 2010 - SanDisk Corporation ( NASDAQ : SNDK ) , the global leader in flash memory cards , today announced that it is shipping in volume its 1 gigabyte ( GB ) 1 SanDisk ® SD ™ " write once read many " ( WORM ) cards to Japan 's police force .
Police in Japan have implemented the SanDisk SD WORM card as the storage media of choice for tamper - proof forensic image archiving .
Using the SanDisk SD WORM card , law enforcement officers can create unalterable , permanent photographic records that serve as resources during investigations or as potential evidence during trials .
Officers simply insert the card into an SD WORM - compatible digital camera and begin capturing images .
Later , they can transfer the images to a computer while maintaining unchangeable originals on the WORM card - ensuring that the justice system has access to evidence of indisputable accuracy .
" Japan 's police force is one of the world 's largest and most respected law enforcement agencies , and a leading adopter of cutting - edge technologies , " said Christopher Moore , director , product marketing , SanDisk .
" Working closely with police around the world and our partner camera vendors , we have created a one - step system for tamper - proof data acquisition and archiving .
This essential memory solution greatly simplifies the digital evidence handling process while exceeding the government 's requirements for data integrity and longevity . "
Traditionally , forensic images have been stored on 35 mm film , which degrades over time , is slow , inconvenient and increasingly difficult to procure .
In Japan , where there is no statute of limitations for certain serious crimes , the ability to retain evidence for many decades is a must .
In comparison , digital storage on the SanDisk SD WORM card offers a fast , convenient and readily available alternative .
The SanDisk SD WORM card meets the new archival demands for mobility , long - term preservation , data integrity and ease of use .
SanDisk 's proprietary SD WORM controller technology instantly protects any files written to the device , preventing the alteration or deletion of stored data .
The card stores files safely for up to 100 years * , as shown by accelerated data retention internal testing , and delivers a lower total cost of ownership compared to other archival media .
Ideal for Law Enforcement Agencies Worldwide
Japan 's police force is one of the first major agencies to adopt this solution , and other law enforcement organizations around the world are qualifying the product as its features are universally valued for securing digital evidence .
" Tamper - proof storage protects law enforcement officers by guaranteeing the legitimacy of evidence that we collect and deliver to the district attorney , " said Jim Shirk , Captain , Twin Cities Police Authority , Larkspur , California .
" An unalterable and highly reliable archive eliminates the chance of accidentally deleting a crucial file , and ensures that evidence is accessible over a long period of time .
Adopting this type of storage as our standard archiving media is a necessary step in maintaining a modern and effective police force . "
Any SD - compatible device can read SD WORM cards , but only hosts with SD WORM - compatible interfaces can write to the card .
SanDisk continues to work with leading makers of imaging , audio and video recording devices to implement SD WORM compatibility .
The SanDisk SD WORM card is available worldwide in a 1GB ** capacity , with pricing dependent upon the quantity ordered .
The cards can be purchased through SanDisk 's network of OEM distributors and representatives , or by contacting OEMSales@sandisk.com .
Beyond forensic image archiving , SanDisk expects its SD WORM technology to be widely adopted in crucial applications such as audio recording and long - term retention of legal documents and medical files .
For more information , visit www.sandisk.com/sdworm.
SanDisk SD WORM Cards Ship In Volume To Japan 's Police Force - IdealFor Capturing and Archiving Forensic Images
My latest Guardian column , " Canada 's copyright laws show Britain 's digital legislation is no exception , " explores the comparative histories of the awful UK Digital Economy Bill ( rammed through Parliament with no real debate using dirty procedural tricks ) and Canada 's new Bill C - 32 , a proposed law that ignores the thousands of Canadians who weighed in on the government 's copyright consultation , creating a prohibition on breaking " digital locks , " even when no copyright infringement takes place .
Only 46 of the 8,306 commenters thought otherwise .
These 46 commenters advocated replicating America 's failed experiment in Canada ; everyone else thought the idea was daft .
You'd think that with numbers like 46:8260 , the government would go with the majority , right ?
Wrong .
When minister of industry Tony Clement , and minister of heritage James Moore , published the text of their long - awaited copyright bill , Canadians were floored to discover that the ministers had replicated the American approach to digital locks .
Actually , they made it worse – the Americans conduct triennial hearings on proposed exemptions to the rule ; Moore and Clement did n't bother with even this tiny safeguard .
The ministers have been incapable of explaining the discrepancy .
When confronted on it , they inevitably point to the fact that their bill also establishes numerous " user rights " for everyday Canadians ( for example , the right to record a TV show in order to watch it later ) , and suggest that this is the " balance " that Canadians asked for .
When critics say , " Yes , you 've created some user rights , but if a digital lock prevents their exercise , it 's against the law to break the lock , right ? " the ministers squirm and change the subject .
Goetic Grimoire by Rufus Opus is Now Available in Our Online Store !
In the Goetic Grimoire , Rufus Opus presents his approach to working with the spirits of the Lemegeton ’s Goetia , as well as his experiences with the Genii Loci , and the spirits of dead people .
This book , like Seven Spheres , is intended for the practicing magician .
It presents theory , technique , and the tools necessary to begin conjuring the Spirits of the Lemegeton , and working with them to create and maintain your material world .
Nephilim Press is currently accepting submissions .
To view our submission guidelines , please visit our Author Submissions Page .
The toughest lesson to draw from the Whitehaven tragedy is that there might be no lesson at all .
We cannot stop people having rows at home or work , taking leave of their senses , finding a gun and going berserk .
Such things rarely happen .
But even the most authoritarian state must allow some personal liberty , and everyone accepts the resulting risk .
No free community can be wholly safe without losing its freedom .
There is now a widespread belief that the bonds of private responsibility that should tie together neighbourhoods and nations alike have eroded .
This is put down to everything from the nanny state to benefit dependency , risk aversion , disrespectful youth , too much money and obsessive security .
When the bossy Labour minister Ed Balls banned pictures of children in schools and vetted parents for sex crimes , the bounds of public sanity were strained .
Yet no one stopped him .
People muttered , " Well , you can't be too safe . "
On every First Great Western train , an announcement is made after each stop telling passengers to look about for suspicious people or parcels and report them immediately to the police .
It makes for a miserable journey .
If you enter a government building , you are told that the current alert status means an imminent terrorist attack is " highly likely " .
This serves no purpose but to frighten people into conceding the Home Office ever more power .
I would be surprised if former ministers David Blunkett and Charles Clarke were not penning articles claiming that Whitehaven " proves " the need for identity cards and wider criminal checks .
Goaded by the media , officials will be drafting papers requiring all guns to be banned , all taxi drivers tested for mental instability and all disputatious families reported by their solicitors to the police .
That way we can dump all our cares and woes on the state and claim they are no responsibility of ours .
The most quietly sensible decision taken by David Cameron since reaching Downing Street was to face down the most insidious lobby in government : the police and security services .
He refused the motorbike outriders beloved of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown to get them screaming through the London traffic .
He also said it was absurd not to walk the 200 yards from his office to parliament .
There might be an infinitesimally greater risk in doing so – gleefully dramatised by every newspaper – but he decided to take it .
If his protection team found the risk too great , they could always go back on the beat .
What was significant was not Cameron 's sanity but the reaction to it .
He was not praised for reducing security costs , saving petrol or taking exercise , let alone for bravery .
The entire political community , guided by the police , castigated him .
The Times opened its report with : " As the prime minister enters the lobby of the House of Commons , a man emerges from a knot of people , produces a gun and shoots him in the chest .
Far - fetched ?
No , it happened , albeit two centuries ago . "
Nobody mentions that since then parliament has been turned into a parody of Fort Knox .
The reporter pitied bodyguards whose job is now " tougher and more stressful than it ought to be " .
Meanwhile , a photograph of the prime minister walking down the street was captioned deploring his " worrying demeanour " , which was that he was " deep in conversation and oblivious to any threat or danger " .
This alarmism was repeated in every newspaper .
Each repeated the old saw that the terrorist " only has to be lucky once – we have to be lucky always " .
Even Cameron was unable to prevent the police from stationing two guards toting submachine guns outside his suburban home , before he moved to Downing Street .
The spectacle in a friendly London street was obscene .
Such weapons are unusable in such a constricted space but they associate those who brandish them with personal machismo – as may have played a part in Whitehaven .
It takes nerves of steel to refuse this protection , as Lord Baker commendably did when home secretary under John Major .
Many ministers ( and ex-ministers ) retain their armed guards as a sign of status .
Since Cameron came to power , Scotland Yard has been touring Fleet Street briefing against him .
Last week Dai Davies , former head of the elite royalty and diplomatic protection branch , said the police were " tearing out their hair because he [ Cameron ] is being totally cavalier about security " .
It was " almost an invitation for someone to attack him " .
Davies 's attack is like BA cabin stewards saying their boss , Willie Walsh , wants planes to crash rather than give them more money .
Last week " well - placed police officials " were quoted as preparing a security review of each of the 650 MPs " in the light of intelligence that lone Muslim self - radicalisers may be targeting politicians " .
This was linked to the unrelated stabbing of the MP Stephen Timms , and to " terrorist chatter " about inadequate security for Britain 's world cup football team .
Events such as the G8 , the Olympics and the World Cup offer massive paydays for the security industry .
Charles Hill , formerly of Scotland Yard 's art and antiquities squad , was this week quoted complaining that " virtually nothing " was being spent on security for Britain 's museums " during the Olympics " , leaving the door wide open to criminals .
This is despite the police budget for just two weeks of games having risen to £ 800 m , reputedly dwarfing what even Beijing spent in 2008 .
The new security minister , Lady Neville - Jones , is said to be " conducting a review " of Olympic security .
Might she reduce it ?
There appears to be no attempt to assess value for money from an industry that has vastly expanded since 9/11 .
If an incident occurs , it is a reason for spending more on security .
If no incident occurs , it justifies what is already being spent .
Britain has little by way of a libertarian tradition to resist the onward creep of the risk - aversion agencies dealing with safety , surveillance and security , all manifestations of a rising public paranoia .
Britons instinctively respect central government , allowing it to intrude on their privacy to a degree that would cause riots in more democratic states .
The Guardian today demanded a " full inquiry and published report " into the Whitehaven tragedy , followed by " new laws " to plug any loopholes .
Lawyers may rub their hands but it might be better to conclude right away that even in close communities people can go awry and sad things happen .
We cannot have public inquiries into every crime .
The public should be invited to reject the politics of fear , that sees life as a perpetual terror of what might happen and a perpetual investigation of what has .
It should not be asked to regard every child as a victim and every adult a paedophile , a terrorist or a mass murderer .
The government should stop spending stupid amounts of money on a security lobby now running amok through the public sector .
There is no such thing as safe .
There is only safer , and safer can require the greater watchfulness that comes with taking risks , witness new theories of road safety .
Removing risk lowers the protective instinct of individuals and communities , and paradoxically leaves them in greater danger .
But there is no government agency charged with averting that danger .
There is no money in it .
Clean Energy : Why Is China Ahead of the U.S. ?
Solar Start - Up in New Jersey Said China Gave Them a Deal They Could n't Refuse
Chuck Provini , a former Marine with no fewer than 19 military decorations , considers himself a " good American and a patriot . "
He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy , served as a Marine Corps captain in the Vietnam War and has lived his whole life in the United States .
But now that he's the president of a growing solar technology start - up , he 's finding himself in a difficult position :
He must leave the United States behind .
His company , Natcore Technology , based in Red Bank , N.J. , holds the license to technology that makes solar panels cheaper , more efficient and less toxic to the environment .
He said he tried to commercialize the technology domestically , but while bureaucracy and red tape stalled talks with state and federal officials , conversations with Chinese officials sped ahead .
" The Chinese have a major , aggressive movement to increase the technology in the photovoltaic area , " he said .
" They picked up the phone and called us and said , ' What do you do ? ' "
At the time of this story 's publication , he's in Zhuzhou city in China 's Hunan province , on the verge of signing a deal that will commercialize the technology overseas , giving the Chinese economy a boost and Chinese workers more jobs .
Obama : China Is Investing in Clean Energy Jobs That Should Be in the U.S .
" We wanted to do business in the United States and we went to different agencies and we said , ' Here 's what we have going on in China .
Can you help us replicate this ? ' " he said .
" And , frankly , we kind of rang on deaf ears . "
In his address from the Oval Office Tuesday night , President Obama used the backdrop of the massive BP oil spill to push a clean energy agenda .
" The consequences of our inaction are now in plain sight .
Countries like China are investing in clean energy jobs and industries that should be right here in America , " he said .
But what is China doing that the United States is n't ?
And what do we need to do to keep up ?
Provini , whose company licenses technology developed at Houston 's Rice University , said that for about a year , he went back and forth with representatives at the Ohio Department of Development .
He said he also worked with a major Washington , D.C. , law firm and was told that a $ 750,000 application fee was necessary just to apply for a specific federal program .
Solar Energy Company : We Didn't Call China , They Called Us
When he tried to work with elected officials for guidance on how to grow his business , he said he rarely got past staff members .
Lisa Patt - McDaniel , director of the Ohio Department of Development , said she could n't comment directly on Natcore , but said that her office supports hundreds of new technology ventures each year .
Provini said , " The Chinese were just so aggressive .
We did n't contact them , they contacted us . "
Officials responsible for developing China 's clean and alternative energy program in the Hunan province learned about Natcore through a mutual contact at the University of Wales and placed a call , he said .
Then they flew Provini to China and helped him find a production partner that will provide capital and manufacturing capabilities .
In the next three to six months , he said , they could move into the manufacturing phase , which could create 250 - 400 jobs .
" They 've cut through the red tape to be responsive , " he said .
" It 's almost embarrassing that whatever you ask for , they deliver it . "
Clean Energy Sector to Reach $ 200 Billion in 2010
Since 2005 , investments in the clean energy sector have grown 230 percent , according to the Pew Environment Group Climate and Energy Program .
In 2009 , $ 162 billion was invested in clean energy globally and analysts forecast that investments will climb 25 percent to $ 200 billion in 2010 .
But despite the opportunities in the fast - growing industry , experts say the United States continues to lag behind countries such as China , Brazil , the United Kingdom , Germany and Spain .
" The U.S. is missing the boat , " said Phyllis Cuttino , director of the Pew Environment Group Climate and Energy Program in Washington .
In 2009 , she said , China attracted $ 34.6 billion in clean energy investments , more than any other country .
The United States attracted $ 18.6 billion , about half of China 's total , she said .
When you look at the winners in this race , Cuttino said , they all have one key feature in common : a national clean energy policy .
The countries dominating the clean energy landscape have national policies to reduce global warming pollution and provide incentives for companies to use renewable energy , such as solar and wind power , but she said the United States only had a " patchwork " of state policies .
State Development Agencies Promote Small Clean Energy Start - Ups
" We have a well - educated [ population ] , a manufacturing base , " she said .
" We basically have all of the necessary ingredients to capitalize on a clean energy policy , but we need a policy . "
The Ohio Department of Development 's Patt - McDaniel said that with investments ranging from $ 50,000 to as much as $ 1 million , the Ohio Third Frontier program funds clean energy , biomedical , polymer and other high - tech projects to help them eventually commercialize and create jobs .
" Our partner organizations at the local level ... take these kinds of entrepreneurial companies and match them to potential partner investors , " she said .
She said development officials could also help small companies find production partners that could take the venture to the next level .
Real Progress Needs Federal Action , Experts Say
But though state development agencies across the country may support small business following Obama 's mandate to develop clean energy , experts say real progress will only come from federal action .
" The clean technology sector is the fastest growing business sector in the global economy and the U.S. cannot afford to lose our competitive edge with China and other countries when it comes to the fastest growing sector in the global economy , " said Howard Learner , president and executive director of the Environmental Law & Policy Center in Chicago .
While one small business does n't necessarily prove a trend , he said the bottom line is that the United States is running the risk of missing out on the next economic driver .
" Clean energy and climate legislation before Congress would put us on the right track , but it 's been mired in both Republican political opposition and opposition from old economy industries , " he said .
Obama 's decision to enact a series of renewable energy tax credits in 2009 was a good start , he said , but they all expire by the end of this year and should be extended .
He also said that while 30 states have renewable energy standards requiring utilities to purchase an increased percentage of power from renewable sources , Learner , like Pew's Cuttino , said a national standard is critical .
U.S. Companies Want ' T.L.C.'
It would not only expand the market across all states and make a level playing field , it would make the market more predictable and reliable over the long - term , which would spur development , he said .
Learner also said that putting a price on carbon is key to driving the market for renewable investment , manufacturing and deployment .
But in the absence of a market created by a carbon cap and other national policies , more and more companies like Provini's are looking to other shores for opportunity .
" There 's a whole long list of American companies that have gone to China , " Cuttino said .
" [ And ] lots of companies sitting on the sidelines in the U.S.
They 're waiting for what they call T.L.C. -- transparency , longevity and consistency . "
ABC News ' Dan Harris and Judy Isikow contributed to this report .
Oort Finding : Many Comets From Other Stars
Here ’s something to put the cap on a scintillating week in space science .
It ’s from Hal Levison ( SwRI ) , who has led an international team in computer simulations focusing on our Sun ’s earliest days .
It turns out that our older assumption that the Oort cloud of comets surrounding the Sun came from the Sun ’s protoplanetary disk may not be accurate .
Yes , our system produced comets , but not enough to account for the Oort ’s entire population , which swarms in a vast sphere that extends half the distance to Alpha Centauri .
Says Levison :
“ If we assume that the Sun ’s observed proto - planetary disk can be used to estimate the indigenous population of the Oort cloud , we can conclude that more than 90 percent of the observed Oort cloud comets have an extra- solar origin . ”
Image : Comet McNaught , possibly an interloper from another star , according to recent work .
Credit : Stéphane Guisard .
The process works like this :
We believe the Sun formed in a cluster containing hundreds of closely packed stars .
Each of these stars would have formed its own population of comets out of its circumstellar disk , and most of these comets , including those in our own infant system , would have been ejected by the gravitational effects of newly forming gas giants .
Moving out into the cluster , they would have eventually been captured by other stars , just as our Sun would have captured its own share of comets as the cluster dispersed , the hot young stars blowing its gases into the void .
Our star ’s early life , then , would have involved substantial sharing with nearby stars , all of which have now moved away .
If this is true , then the Oort should house materials from a wide range of the stars the Sun was born with , and many comets , perhaps famous ones like Halley , Hale - Bopp and McNaught , are actually interstellar visitors now in the Sun ’s gravitational thrall .
Says Ramon Brasser ( Observatoire de la Cote d’Azur ) : “ The formation of the Oort cloud has been a mystery for over 60 years and our work likely solves this long - standing problem . ”
The paper is Levison et al. , “ Capture of the Sun ’s Oort Cloud from Stars in its Birth Cluster , ” published online by Science June 10 , 2010 ( abstract ) .
What is it with these " family values " guys that compels them to mock and belittle kids ?
First Glenn
Beck does it , then apologizes .
Sort of .
Now Rush Limbaugh , fresh from his honeymoon with wife # 4 decides it 's ok ?
Enough with the mean Malia impressions already .
My kids are both older than she is and they ask me the same question .
Contrary to Rush 's bombastic nasty worldview , they actually care whether the Gulf drowns in a pool of oil .
This is tag team desensitization , in my opinion .
Rush knows full well how audiences on both sides reacted to Beck 's nasty mockery of Malia Obama after the President 's press conference .
By engaging in the same behavior , he slowly brings his already - receptive audience around to the idea that it 's perfectly all right to mock and belittle a 12 - year old girl .
I sure am glad the right wing cares about family values .
Are n't you ?
( h/t Media Matters )
( via un : emacandcheese )
Fractal Turtle is infinite ; consider …
I dunno , I was thinking it looks a lot like Grover from Sesame Street :
Yes ?
Rome again .
There seem to be two very different Vaticans these days , existing a bit weirdly , side - by - side .
On the one side we have the Church , whose magisterium has been very much under siege of late , rocked by scandals that continue to roll toward their seemingly inevitable crescendo .
This Church , aggressively anti-modern for two papacies in a row , now seems decidedly tone - deaf , in addition to being intentionally out - of - step with the modern world .
On the other side we have the Vatican Library and the Vatican Museums , eminently modern institutions that have drunk deeply from the well of modern ideas .
Museums , and the libraries that birthed them , are modern institutions , after all .
These places — the Church , versus the Library or Museums — can seem like entirely different worlds , these days .
I ’ll have something to say about the Library here , and will hope to have more to say about Museums in the future .
Fresh from the Archives
In the Secret Archives of the Vatican Library , there are two display cases adjacent to the reading rooms , dedicated to new publications — books mostly , along with a handful of journal articles .
It is always worth taking some time to consult these cases , both to learn what is happening in this corner of the scholarly world , but also to see what the Vatican presses themselves have published recently .
An important new four - volume work caught my eye this week .
Edited by Ugo Baldini and Leen Spruit , it is entitled Catholic Church and Modern Science : Documents from the Archives of the Roman Congregations of the Holy Office and the Index ( Roma : Libreria Editrice Vaticana , 2009 ) .
The stated intentions of the volume are noteworthy , and so I thought , worth noting in Religion Dispatches , especially given my last two essays on the strange treatment of several portions of the bodies of two emblematically modern scientists , Copernicus and Galileo , whose remains have recently been treated virtually as secular relics in Poland and in Florence , respectively .
It might seem that such a volume ’s purpose would have to be apologetic , one more attempt by an embattled Church to get out from under yet another scandal , this time the scandalous mistreatment of several recently rehabilitated modern scientists .
Viewed this way , it would be but the latest intervention in one of the premier slugfests of modernity , the sandlot struggle between “ religion and science . ”
But these volumes are a part of the culture of the Library , and therefore far less interested in slugfest or point - scoring .
To view them strictly within the armature of the Church would be to misrepresent their stated purpose , or purposes , ones that are far more interesting and provocative than mere apologetics would suggest .
It would also significantly underestimate their importance .
While the Church ’s main quarrel in the Early Modern period might seem to have been with the newly emerging modern sciences , this Library volume suggests a very different view of the period : namely , that the Vatican was less interested in science per se than it was in the ever - deepening gulf that threatened to separate Roman Catholics and Protestants in Europe forever .
These Library publications suggest that the concerns of the magisterium at this time were focused almost entirely on the new threat posed by the Protestants .
If some scientists , especially the astronomers , got caught in the cross - fire , then this was only because they were perceived to be Protestant - style “ free thinkers . ”
The Roman Church , by contrast , was insistent on the importance of thinking traditionally and orthodox - ly , not just freely .
This is a very different picture of Rome in the 1500s and 1600s , the same era saw that witnessed the first slow - moving gestures toward the creation of the Library , and then the Museums , at the Vatican .
So , the Church in the 1500s cared more about the Protestants than the scientists .
The Preface to the first volume in this series presents this initially odd - sounding thesis with some care , by reminding us , first , of some important dates .
Pope Paul III established the modern Inquisition in 1542 ; it was designed to deal with persons , primarily those who evidenced what was deemed to be a willful adherence to ideas contradicted by Catholic Orthodoxy .
This language is instructive , because faith was understood to be partly an act of will in the Early Modern period .
Thus , Protestant kinds of free thinking amounted , in the Church ’s view , to a distorted kind of willing , not just an error in thoughts or beliefs .
( The editors are at pains to remind us that this Inquisition was primarily aimed at Christians , and specifically at the Reformers , rather than at Jews and / or Muslims … unless the latter converted , ironically enough .
This raises the real scandal for the Church in this period : namely , the fact of forced conversions — in a number of places , but especially in the New World ) .
Next , Pope Pius V created the Congregation of the Index in 1571 ; it was designed to deal with texts , and became interested in scientific works , as I have said , mainly because their authors were believed to have displayed underlying Protestant sympathies .
According to the editors , this new Office represented a Church ’s conscientious response to a new “ epistemological configuration ” that “ eventually prevailed in the modern period . ”
New Math , New Science , New Protestants
The point is that the really seismic changes at the Vatican all came in the 15th and 16th centuries , the age that just so happened to encompass the Protestant rebellion and the emergence of modern science at once .
But by the 17th century , mathematics — and specifically mathematical physics — achieved a dominance that overturned the main interpretive principles that had been widely accepted since the time of Aristotle ’s Physics : namely , that the various disciplines of scientific enquiry were hierarchically related , and that mathematics was a subordinate discipline .
What the “ new moderns , ” men like Copernicus and even Galileo , represented was the triumph of a new kind of mathematical science , where numbers and computation were esteemed in a whole new way .
Copernicus , be sure to recall , did not yet have access to the telescope , so he was basing a number of his computations on things he could not see .
In this brave new world , then , the scientists were also casting their “ faith in things not seen . ”
It ’s just that what they “ saw ” was perceived to run counter to the Roman Catholic faith , and its more traditional way of making sense of the world of the senses .
Whether the Church ’s problem was ultimately the new math , the new science , or the new Protestants , is an open question that these volumes are content to leave open .
What they propose to look at instead are the Church ’s procedures — a way of looking at texts as well as at persons — in order to get a fuller view of the issues as the Church understood them in the 1500s and thereafter .
Such an approach , the editors hope , has the advantage of getting away from the endless dispute over the notorious cases of Giordano Bruno ( who was burned in the Campo di Fiori in 1600 and whose story has been brilliantly told in a recent book by Ingrid Rowland ) and Galileo Galilei ( who was forced to recant in 1633 ) , and the argument over who started it all .
( The complicated case of Giordano Bruno is treated at Volume I : 862-972 [ he was repeatedly imprisoned after 1593 , placed on trial in 1598 , then killed in 1600 ] , the posthumous case against Copernicus ’s book is treated at II : 1473 -1481 [ it was prohibited in 1598 ] , and yet most curiously , Galileo ’s case is not treated at all .
Volume 4 provides an Appendix with a fascinating “ Index of Forbidden Books ” beginning at page 3103 ] . )
The animating spirit of , and inspiration behind , these new volumes is said to be the one announced by John Paul II in his anticipation of a new Church for a new millennium ( laid out in the Apostolic Letter , Tertio millennnio adveniente , 10 November 1994 ) , which famously called for a “ purification of memory . ”
What John Paul II intended was to recall the Roman Church to a mindfulness of her failures as well as her successes .
Faith , as that Pope never tired of repeating , can never be promoted by force ; truth ’s power lies its truthfulness , nothing more .
Now in a great many ethical and political matters , John Paul II was as anti-modern a Pope as the Church has seen in recent memory ; his successor even more so .
But on the devilish topic of religion , science and free enquiry , these same Popes have elected to stand emphatically on the side of the moderns .
This volume offers an extraordinary glimpse back on a time when it was not yet so .
But it is so , now , in the Vatican Library and in the Museums , which can make them both seem very far away from a Church that is , in reality , still adjacent to them both .
Nearly halfway through the month - long 2010 World Cup Tournament in South Africa , over a dozen teams have been eliminated from the original group of 32 , with the Round of 16 beginning tomorrow , June 26th .
Television and web viewership has been setting records all over the world as supporters tune in to watch the events in South Africa and react along with the fans and players in the stadiums as they celebrate their wins and suffer through losses .
Collected here are recent photos from the 2010 World Cup , as some of the players and their supporters have been experiencing it - in South Africa and around the globe .
( 43 photos total
Asteroids [ Reloaded ]
Instructions :
Left and Right Arrows : Rotate ship
Up Arrow : Thrust
SPACE : Fire main weapon(s )
Z : Fire bomb weapon ( area effect , uses energy )
Down Arrow or SHIFT : Shield ( will recharge ... )
S : Enable or disable sound effects
R : Switch between Modern and Retro graphics
Escape : Pause the game
For me , yesterday ’s most exciting announcement was the release of Safari 5 .
If you have n’t yet downloaded it , you can get it by going to Software Update in the Apple menu , or by downloading it from the Apple site .
It has a whole load of great new features like Reader and Extensions , and we get our nice blue loading bar back and animated GIFs actually load in less than an hour .
Arguably one of the best new features is the support for Extensions .
If you ’ve ever used Firefox or Chrome you might be familiar with these .
While the Safari Extensions gallery is n’t opening until “ later this summer , ” it is possible to enable Extensions right away .
To do this , first go to Preferences in the Safari menu .
In the Advanced section , click the checkbox at the bottom to enable the Develop menu .
Go to this menu ( it should just appear in the menubar ) and the select third item in the list , “ Enable Extensions . ”
Now , when you go back to the preferences there is a new Extensions section .
Considering the complexity of this process , I ’m sure it wo n’t be long before Extensions are enabled by default .
So now Extensions are enabled , where can you get them from ?
Well , before Safari 5 was even available , Panic managed to announce their Coda Notes extension .
It looks great , but unfortunately it ’s still “ Coming Soon . ”
Almost as quick was John Siracusa , who has posted a simple extension on his Twitter feed that you can actually download .
All it does is add a Reload button to the toolbar , something that many people have been asking for since it moved into the address bar in Safari 4 .
After you download the file , just double - click on it and it will be installed .
It will actually be deleted from your downloads folder after it is installed , so do n’t get confused when it disappears .
Note that the button wo n’t be added to the toolbar automatically , you have to go to the View menu and choose “ Customize Toolbar ” to add it .
There are a whole load of other Extensions listed at this page .
Currently there are things like a Gmail unread messages checker and an Amazon search bar , and it looks like new ones will be added as they are released .
It is probably worth noting that as far as I know these have n’t been screened by Apple , so there might be an element of risk in downloading them .
As always , you should only really download things from sources that you trust , so if you want to be really safe you might want to wait until the official Apple Extension Gallery is live .
[ Update : There ’s another great list of extensions over at reddit ]
Once each Extension is installed , it should show up in the Extensions section of the preferences .
From here you can enable and disable all Extensions , turn on automatic updates and uninstall any Extensions that you no longer want .
Photographer Sean Gordon took some outstanding photographs of Edmonton Valley Zoo 's young Arctic fox pups last Tuesday .
In the wild , Arctic fox litters typically comprise five to eight babies , although reports of as many as 25 kits in a single litter have been recorded .
That would make for one massive puppy pile - on !
Dad keeps a watchful eye ...
Note Mom 's two - toned peepers ...
What it means for health freedom
What we want : Free Speech , not fraudulent speech
Why Free Speech can save America from sick - care bankruptcy
( Natural News ) Health freedom has just been handed a significant victory by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia , which ruled last week that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) violated the First Amendment rights of a nutritional supplement company when it censored truthful , scientifically - backed claims about howcan help reduce the risk of See the ANH announcement at : http://www.anh-usa.org/court-finds-for-anh-u...
Essentially , the FDA applied itsto these selenium supplements in the same way it oppresses truthful and scientifically - supported health claims across all dietary supplements .
The purpose of the FDA 's censorship of truthful information about the health benefits of dietary supplements , as Natural News readers already know , is toand protect the profits of the pharmaceutical industry .
In this court case , , the judge ruled that the FDA violated the First Amendment rights of the plaintiffs by restricting their free speech about the anti-cancer benefits of their selenium supplements .
As explained by health freedom attorney Jonathan Emord who argued the case before the Court : Emord goes onto explain : Attorney Jonathan Emord fromis widely regarded as one of the most successful and influential attorneys battling the FDA over free speech and health freedoms .
View my video interview with Jonathan Emord here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbJSxrOxZ-M
( The video quality is poor , but it's the best we could capture at the Health Freedom Expo . ) Emord is also the author of a hugely important book that I strongly recommend .
It 's called , and you can find it here : http://www.amazon.com/Global-Censorship-Heal...
The upshot of this decision is that the FDA has just been handed a significant defeat that will set a precedent for other dietary supplement companies to make their own truthful , scientifically - supported health claims
The FDA , of course , recognizes no law other than its own , so it will likely continue to try to terrorize nutritional supplement companies with its usual threats of imprisonment of company founders and seizure of products unless companies voluntarily agree to comply with the FDA 's censorship schemes .
However , this court decision may finally turn the tide against the FDA 's campaign of ignorance that has , for decades , sought to keep the American people nutritionally illiterate while suppressing the dietary supplements industry .
Btu achieving a lasting victory over the FDA will require nutritional supplement companies to stop being intimidated by the FDA and start making truthful , scientifically - supported claims -- and then stand behind those claims with a commitment to sue the FDA if they are threatened with censorship .
Until now , most nutritional supplement and vitamin companies have been so intimidated by the FDA that they dared not challenge the FDA 's authority -- even when they knew the FDA was flat - out wrong !
The FDA , you see , can always threaten a company using " terrorism - style " tactics such as sending threatening letters that promise to arrest the owners , imprison them , destroy their business , seize their customer records , confiscate their inventory , etc .
These tactics have all been used by the FDA to threaten health product companies operating in the United States .
See how the FDA runs its own criminal extortion racket right here : https://www.naturalnews.com/024567_health_the...
Read about how the FDA kidnaps people from other countries in order to incarcerate them for their non-crimes in the USA : https://www.naturalnews.com/027750_Greg_Caton...
Or view more articles about the FDA here : https://www.naturalnews.com/the_FDA.html
These Gestapo - style FDA tactics have been frighteningly effective , given that most U.S. companies do n't have the financial resources to engage in a lengthy legal battle with the FDA in order to stand up for their First Amendment rights .
That 's why this victory by the Alliance for Natural Health is so important :
It provides a legal wedge by which other companies can now begin to stand up for their own First Amendment rights , too .
This could be the beginning of the end of FDA censorship of truthful , scientifically - supported health claims .
As the editor of NaturalNews , I want to be perfectly clear what we stand for here .
I do not support a Wild West approach to free speech about supplements where any company can claim anything they want whether it 's true or not .
That can get entirely out of hand , and it would only encourage the kind of marketing fraud we now see rampant in the pharmaceutical industry .
What I support isthat can be backed by a minimum of three articles published in peer - reviewed science journals .
This threshold of scientifically credibility is high enough to avoid outright fraudulent quack claims while still allowing truthful claims to be reasonably met through scientific inquiry .
If such a rule were adopted , it would open the industry to making a wealth of truthful claims about the beneficial effects of foods , herbs and supplements .
The FDA 's current oppression of health claims about cherries and walnuts , for example , would cease .
Both the FDA and FTC have been attempting to suppress the truth about cherries for many years , intimidating cherry product companies with all sorts of threats to try to force them to remove any links to scientific information about the health benefits of cherries .
To learn more , see : https://www.naturalnews.com/019366.html
The federal government has also declared war on truthful speech about the health benefits of .
Read more here : https://www.naturalnews.com/028879_censorship...
Most U.S. consumers have no idea that the FDA is operating as , attempting to destroy nutritional knowledge and intentionally keep consumers in the dark about the health benefits of natural products .
Given that our nation 's sick - care system is driving us all into bankruptcy , it would seem more important than ever to allow consumers to learn how to prevent disease and improve their own health through safe , natural and low - cost therapies involving healing foods and nutritional supplements .
In fact , I would argue that any nation that expects to have a viable economic future MUST protect free speech for its health products companies .
If Big Pharma and the disease industry is allowed to monopolize all health knowledge while oppressing truthful health claims on competing products , it will only drive that nation into .
Coincidentally , that is exactly where America is today : Living under an oppressive , monopolized sick - care system that attempts to criminalize truthful speech about the health benefits of natural products .
See my CounterThink Cartoon entitled , And yet natural products are the solution to America 's health care problems !
Read my special report : right here ( it 's free ) : There 's no question about it : America will be happier , healthier , stronger and more financially solvent if weand take steps toof nutritional supplement companies .
NaturalNews will continue to work alongside the Alliance for Natural Health to help make this dream a reality .
You can learn more about the ANH at http://www.anh-usa.org
The European branch of this organization is found at http://www.anh-europe.org
Please consider supporting the ANH .
It is , in my opinion , one of the most important and effective health freedom organizations on the planet .
They are doing fantastic work and they need your financial support to continue fighting ( and winning ! ) these battles against FDA ignorance , tyranny , censorship and oppression .
Jesus may not have died on the cross , Christian scholar claims
Jesus may not have died nailed to the cross because there is no evidence that the Romans crucified prisoners two thousand years ago , a scholar has claimed .
The legend of his execution is based on the traditions of the Christian church and artistic illustrations rather than antique texts , according to theologian Gunnar Samuelsson .
He claims the Bible has been misinterpreted as there are no explicit references the use of nails or to crucifixion - only that Jesus bore a ' staurus ' towards Calvary which is not necessarily a cross but can also mean a ' pole ' .
Ritual : Penitents are nailed on a wooden cross in a voluntary ritual to mark the death of Jesus Christ on Good Friday , but now a theologian has claimed Jesus may not have died on a cross
Mr Samuelsson , who has written a 400 - page thesis after studying the original texts , said : ' The problem is descriptions of crucifixions are remarkably absent in the antique literature .
' The sources where you would expect to find support for the established understanding of the event really do n't say anything . '
The ancient Greek , Latin and Hebrew literature from Homer to the first century AD describe an arsenal of suspension punishments but none mention ' crosses ' or ' crucifixion ' .
Mr Samuelsson , of Gothenburg University , said : ' Consequently , the contemporary understanding of crucifixion as a punishment is severely challenged .
' And what 's even more challenging is the same can be concluded about the accounts of the crucifixion of Jesus .
The New Testament does n't say as much as we'd like to believe . '
Any evidence that Jesus was left to die after being nailed to a cross is strikingly sparse - both in the ancient pre-Christian and extra-Biblical literature as well as The Bible .
He said : ' The overwhelming number of texts only offer a noun " stauros " or a verb " anastauroun " or " anaskolopizein " .
In almost every dictionary these terms are said to mean " cross " or " to crucify " .
' But as I show in my thesis they are used in a much wider sense than that .
The verbs refer to some kind of suspension of a human being - living or dead - while the noun refer to the suspension device used in such suspension . '
Mr Samuelsson , a committed Christian himself , admitted his claims are so close to the heart of his faith that it is easy to react emotionally instead of logically .
He said : ' My question deals with the traditional understanding of the death of Jesus - that He carried a cross - beam toward Calvary , but since he could not stand the burden of the cross a passer - by was forced to carry it for him .
' On Calvary the rest of the cross was awaiting , that the two parts were conjoined and Jesus was then nailed to the crucifix - like cross .
' As a matter of fact these text are strikingly silent when it comes to depict the actual event .
The texts say that Jesus carried a stauros , which has a much wider usage in antiquity than just referring to a " cross " , towards Calvary , to be " stauroun " - which is used in a much wider sense that just " to crucify " .
' The text is silent about why Jesus carried a stauros , what that looked like - was it the whole execution tool or just a part such as the cross - beam - and why a passer - by was forced to carry it for Jesus . '
Mr Samuelsson said the actual execution texts do not describe how Christ was attached to the execution device .
He said : ' This is the heart of the problem .
The text of the passion narratives is not that exact and information loaded , as we Christians sometimes want it to be .
If you are looking for texts that depict the act of nailing persons to a cross you will not find any beside the Gospels . '
Mr Samuelsson said : ' That a man named Jesus existed in that part of the world and in that time is well - documented .
He left a rather good foot - print in the literature of the time .
' I do believe that the mentioned man is the son of God .
My suggestion is not that Christians should reject or doubt the biblical text .
' My suggestion is that we should read the text as it is , not as we think it is .
We should read on the lines , not between the lines .
The text of the Bible is sufficient .
We do not need to add anything . '
Since June 1 , when federal unemployment benefits began to expire , an estimated 325,000 jobless workers have been cut off .
That number will swell to 1.25 million by the end of the month unless Congress extends the benefits .
The Senate , so far , has failed to act .
Some senators , including Democrats , have balked at an unrelated provision that would begin to close a tax loophole enjoyed by some of the richest Americans .
You heard right .
Desperately needed unemployment benefits have been held hostage to a tax break for the rich , and the Senate ’s Democratic leadership has had to delay and finagle to get its own caucus in line .
State - provided unemployment benefits generally last for 26 weeks , and the federal government picks up the tab after that , provided Congress approves the extensions .
There is no disagreement over the need : 46 percent of the nation ’s 15 million jobless workers have been unemployed for more than six months  a higher level than at any time since the government began keeping track in 1948 .
There is not even any genuine debate about how to pay for extended benefits .
An extension through November would cost about $ 40 billion .
But unemployment benefits are correctly considered emergency spending  they are a vital safety net , and the money is crucial to supporting consumer demand in a weak economy  and exempt from pay - as - you - go budget rules .
The latest installment in the versions of L.U.R.K. for Shadow of Chernobyl .
Installation Instructions :
This is the archived installation for L.U.R.K. 1.1 .
This version is intended for people who do not want registry entries .
If you 've played the previous version of L.U.R.K. , or more specifically 1.0552 or any previous to it , you should know that it is now recommended that you do not use the - noprefetch command in your target box .
It is not required to do prefetching this time , however it is recommended now , because we have optimized prefetching data so that it is much , much faster , and will lower the amount of in game stuttering to a degree much more similar to umodified vanilla .
We hope to expand upon this in the future but for now it will only serve to minimalize the stutterring that was otherwise infrequent .
Prerequisite Requirements :
In terms of system requirements , any system capable of running S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl vanilla should be at the very least scalable to L.U.R.K.
1.1 . Running Full Dynamic
Lighting is a much more intensive process now , however if you 're experiencing performance issues , then you should refer to step 2 before disabling full dynamic lighting .
Step 1 : Copy the gamedata folder into your S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl directory , if you own the retail version , it should look something like this : " \THQ\S.T.A.L.K.E.R. - Shadow of Chernobyl " .
Otherwise , you can find the folder in your " Steam\steamapps \common " if you own the Steam version .
If they 're not in either locations then you may own a different version then that and I 'd hope that you could elaborate the location of the folder yourself .
Otherwise you can use the Windows search function and look for " StalkerUserManual.pdf " which will lead you to the directory youj will need to copy the contents of the gamedata folder to .
Step 2 : Choose the graphical settings that best suit your system 's specifications in the " Graphical Settings " folder .
Optimized is best suited for system 's with Video Card 's with less then 1GB of Graphics Memory , less then 3GB or RAM , and CPU 's that are less then two cores or prior to the Core 2 Duo generation for Intel .
The changes to the optimized version include less draw distance , no depth of field , less soft Screen Space Ambient Occlusion , lower shadow map resolution , and no dynamic soft shadow jitter .
The Gamedata folder defaults all graphical settings to Extreme so it is very important that you refer to this step .
Please note that the average system recommendations are rough guesstimates and may be subject to opinion based on your framerate performance preference .
Optional Step :
If you are experiencing issues , then you might want to try setting the $ game_data$ lines in your fsgame.ltx both to true .
I 've tested this without using the fsgame line change and have n't experienced any issues , but it 's something you might want to try if you 're experiencing issues .
Where are The Options ? :
They 'll come after there 's been some cooking time for the current build .
Until then I 'm more concerned about addressing issues with the existing build before unfurling a load of optionals .
Thanks for you patience .
Issues and Complaints : Please refer to the following URL Moddb.com
Refer any questions or complaints into any corresponding section in the forum , and the users will hopefully help you if I or any other person on the team .
Please refrain from directing any private messages to me directly ( Holden McClure ) .
MUNDELEIN , Ill .
— Robert Brownson long believed that his proposed development here , with its 200,000 - square - foot Wal - Mart Supercenter , was being held hostage by nearby homeowners .
He had seen them protesting at city hall , and they had filed a lawsuit to stop the project .
What he did n't know was that the locals were getting a lot of help .
A grocery chain with nine stores in the area had hired Saint Consulting Group to secretly run the antidevelopment campaign .
Saint is a specialist at fighting proposed Wal - Marts , and it uses tactics it describes as " black arts . "
As Wal - Mart Stores Inc. has grown into the largest grocery seller in the U.S. , similar battles have played out in hundreds of towns like Mundelein .
Local activists and union groups have been the public face of much of the resistance .
But in scores of cases , large supermarket chains including Supervalu Inc. , Safeway Inc. and Ahold NV have retained Saint Consulting to block Wal - Mart , according to hundreds of pages of Saint documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal and interviews with former employees .
Saint has jokingly called its staff the " Wal - Mart killers . "
P. Michael Saint , the company 's founder , declines to discuss specific clients or campaigns .
When read a partial list of the company 's supermarket clients , he responds that " if those names are true , I would say I was proud that some of the largest , most sophisticated companies were so pleased with our success and discretion that they hired us over the years . "
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's deputies on Saturday served search warrants on two Sizzler steak houses in Phoenix suspected of employing illegal immigrants .
According to a statement from Lt. Brian Lee , deputies arrested nine employees who they believe are using fraudulent identification to gain employment .
The Sizzlers targeted in the raid are located at 5060 W. Indian School Road and 10460 N. 28th Drive , the statement said .
Saturday 's arrests followed a year - long investigation into a tip from a former manager who claims he was fired by the restaurant for being unwilling to hire employees without proper identification , Lee said .
The manager was reportedly offered three months severance for not going to law enforcement , Lee said .
He said deputies were looking for 23 suspects wanted for identity theft , including one who has been deported three times and has been hired back by Sizzler each time upon his return .
Sheriff Arpaio said , " This is another example of a case where desperately needed jobs are being occupied by illegal aliens who have disregarded our laws and our borders . "
The Sheriff 's Office said a manager at the Indian School location was fined $ 1,000 by the federal government in the late 1980s for knowingly hiring illegal immigrants .
When asked about the raids , an employee answering the phone at the Sizzler location near the Metrocenter Mall said , " We 're not interested in a ( newspaper ) subscription " and ended the call .
I 'm confused .
When I walk around busy midtown Manhattan , I often smell marijuana .
Despite the crowds , some people smoke weed in public .
Usually the police leave them alone , and yet other times they act like a military force engaged in urban combat .
This February , cops stormed a Columbia , Mo. , home , killed the family dog and terrorized a 7 - year - old boy — for what ?
A tiny quantity of marijuana .
Two years ago , in Prince George 's County , Md. , cops raided Cheye Calvo 's home — all because a box of marijuana was randomly shipped to his wife as part of a smuggling operation .
Only later did the police learn that Calvo was innocent — and the mayor of that town .
" When this first happened , I assumed it was just a terrible , terrible mistake , " Calvo said .
" But the more I looked into it , the more I realized ( it was ) business as usual that brought the police through our front door .
This is just what they do .
We just do n't hear about it .
The only reason people heard about my story is that I happened to be a clean - cut white mayor . "
Radley Balko of Reason magazine says more than a hundred police SWAT raids are conducted every day .
Does the use of illicit drugs really justify the militarization of the police , the violent disregard for our civil liberties , and the overpopulation of our prisons ?
It seems hard to believe .
I understand that people on drugs can do terrible harm — wreck lives and hurt people .
But that 's true for alcohol , too .
But alcohol prohibition did n't work .
It created Al Capone and organized crime .
Now drug prohibition funds nasty Mexican gangs and the Taliban .
Is it worth it ?
I do n't think so .
Everything can be abused , but that does n't mean government can stop it , or should try to stop it .
Government goes astray when it tries to protect us from ourselves .
Many people fear that if drugs were legal , there would be much more use and abuse .
That 's possible , but there is little evidence to support that assumption .
In the Netherlands , marijuana has been legal for years .
Yet the Dutch are actually less likely to smoke than Americans .
Thirty - eight percent of American adolescents have smoked pot , while only 20 percent of Dutch teens have .
One Dutch official told me that " we 've succeeded in making pot boring . "
By contrast , what good has the drug war done ?
It 's been 40 years since Richard Nixon declared war on drugs .
Since then , government has spent billions and officials keep announcing their " successes . "
They are always holding press conferences showing off big drug busts .
So it 's not like authorities are n't trying .
We 've locked up 2.3 million people , a higher percentage than any other country .
That allows China to criticize America 's human - rights record because our prisons are " packed with inmates . "
Yet drugs are still everywhere .
The war on drugs wrecks far more lives than drugs do !
Need more proof ?
Fox News runs stories about Mexican cocaine cartels and marijuana gangs that smuggle drugs into Arizona .
Few stop to think that legalization would end the violence .
There are no Corona beer smugglers .
Beer sellers do n't smuggle .
They simply ship their product .
Drug laws cause drug crime .
The drug trade moved to Mexico partly because our government funded narcotics police in Colombia and sprayed the growing fields with herbicides .
We announced it was a success !
We cut way back on the Colombian drug trade .
But so what ?
All we did was squeeze the balloon .
The drug trade moved across the border to Peru , and now it 's moved to Mexico .
So the new president of Mexico is squeezing the balloon .
Now the trade and the violence are spilling over the border into the United States .
That 's what I call progress .
It 's the kind of progress we do n't need .
Economist Ludwig von Mises wrote : " ( O ) nce the principle is admitted that it is the duty of the government to protect the individual against his own foolishness … ( w ) hy not prevent him from reading bad books and bad plays … ?
The mischief done by bad ideologies is more pernicious … than that done by narcotic drugs . "
Right on , Ludwig !
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
It ’s almost a year to the day that the World Health Organization ( WHO ) declared that the planet was in the throes of an influenza ‘ pandemic ’ .
The advice was delivered by Dr Margaret Chan , the director general of the WHO .
Her announcement triggered large - scale ‘ panic - buying ’ of flu vaccines and anti-viral drugs such as oseltamivir ( Tamiflu ) and zanamivir ( Relenza ) .
According to the investment bank J P Morgan , the pharmaceutical companies did very nicely out of this ‘ health scare ’ , profiting to the tune of $ 7 billion from the sale of vaccines alone .
In reality , though , the ‘ pandemic ’ turned out to be nothing of the sort .
Estimates of cases and fatalities turned out to be wildly overblown .
Apparently , many countries now have warehouses full of vaccines and drugs that they ’re trying to offload , either back to the drug companies they bought them from or to other countries .
Of course , all this overreaction and unnecessary expense may have been down to nothing more than misguided and over - cautious recommendations made by those at the WHO and those who advise it .
However , there has been reports that the supposedly impartial advice from the WHO regarding the flu pandemic was , at least in part , the result of influence from the pharmaceutical industry .
The WHO has previously dismissed such allegations as ‘ conspiracy theories ’ .
Conspiracy theories can be just that – theories .
But sometimes , they can turn out to be facts too .
This has come to a head today , on the publication in the British Medical Journal of a report and accompanying editorial [ 1,2 ] which focus on this issue .
The report alone is voluminous , but here is a paragraph extracted from it that neatly sums up the issues :
‘ A joint investigation by the BMJ and the Bureau of Investigative Journalism has uncovered evidence that raises troubling questions about how WHO managed conflicts of interest among the scientists who advised its pandemic planning , and about the transparency of the science underlying its advice to governments .
Was it appropriate for WHO to take advice from experts who had declarable financial and research ties with pharmaceutical companies producing antivirals and influenza vaccines ?
Why was key WHO guidance authored by an influenza expert who had received payment for other work from Roche , manufacturers of oseltamivir , and GlaxoSmithKline , manufacturers of zanamivir ?
And why does the composition of the emergency committee from which Chan sought guidance remain a secret known only to those within WHO ?
We are left wondering whether major public health organisations are able to effectively manage the conflicts of interest that are inherent in medical science . ’
Often when I ’m lecturing I am aware I am often saying things that go against ‘ received wisdom ’ .
Once presented with the scientific facts , some people feel quite outraged that they may have been misled in a way that may well have actually jeopardised their health ( e.g. the eating of a margarine rather than butter or an emphasis on the low - fat , high - carb diet ) .
Occasionally ( though not commonly ) someone will ask why our Governments or health agencies would want to mislead us .
It ’s a perfectly reasonable question .
My answer is that sometimes people are wanting to give us good advice but are just ignorant of the facts .
See here for what I believe to be an example of this .
The campaigning surgeon involved here may well believe that saturated fat causes heart disease .
On the other hand , I have difficulty believing that all the scientists within the company who put him up ( Unilever ) are so blind to the truth .
Unilever has , as it happens , appeared to enjoy a quite - cosy relationship with the Food Standards Agency here in the UK .
For example the now - disbanded FSA Advisory Committee on Research was chaired by someone who received funding from Unilever , and a member of the committee also happened to be a full - time employee of Unilever .
The last chairman of the FSA ( Dame Deirdre Hutton ) it turns out also had a substantial shareholding in a major food company .
Guess which one ?
No , go on , guess .
Only this week , two academics quit an FSA steering group over the FSA ’s support of GM crops .
One , director of the organisation Genewatch , “ left in protest at the agency ’s links with the agrochemical business , claiming that its so - called debates were nothing more than ‘ a public relations exercise on behalf of GM companies ’ ” .
The other has accused the FSA of a ‘ failure of institutional integrity ’ .
You can read more about this fiasco here .
Does this mean we should reject out of hand what our Governments and health agencies tell us .
No .
But when the advice does not fit the facts , it ’s worth bearing in mind that industry has the capacity to exert influence at the highest level .
It also , it appears , has the capacity to put profit before public health .
References :
1. Cohen D , et al.
WHO and the pandemic flu “ conspiracies ” .
BMJ 2010;340:c2912
2. Godlee F. Conflicts of interest and pandemic flu .
BMJ 2010;340:c2947
A trip to Europe is often on the list of would - be travelers .
With a long list of attractive destinations , the cost of a European trip can skyrocket .
That 's why the right travel credit card is one of the most important items that you can bring on your trip .
Not only can it help you save money , it can also provide a more comfortable travel experience .
Here are four of the top credit cards to consider signing up for before your next trip to Europe :
Chase Sapphire Preferred
Chase Sapphire Preferred offers double points on all travel and dining expenses .
Each point can be redeemed for 1.25 cents worth of travel through the Chase Ultimate Rewards program .
The points can also be converted to airline miles or hotel points with 11 different travel partners .
The card also offers travel benefits such as trip cancellation and trip interruption insurance , lost and delayed luggage reimbursement , and travel and emergency assistance services .
There is a $ 95 annual fee for this card and no foreign transaction fees .
Usually , the sign - up bonus is worth hundreds of dollars in free travel .
Citi Prestige
Citi Prestige offers numerous advantages for European travelers .
For example , you and a guest receive access to the airport lounges of the American Airlines Admiral 's Club and the Priority Pass Select network , which has extensive locations in European airports .
You also receive a $ 100 fee credit towards an application in the Global Entry program , which offers you access to both the TSA PreCheck expedited domestic security screening program and fast - track kiosks when entering the United States from abroad .
This card also features a $ 250 annual Air Travel credit that you can apply towards airline tickets , baggage fees , and in - flight purchases , as well as receiving a statement credit , up to $ 100 every 5 years , as reimbursement for your application fee for Global Entry or TSA Pre Check .
Another benefit is a complimentary fourth night for any hotel stay hotels booked through Citi Prestige Concierge .
This card also has numerous benefits including trip cancellation and interruption coverage , lost and delayed baggage protection , and worldwide rental car insurance that covers you in every country without restrictions .
Rewards include 3 x points for airfare and hotel purchases , 2 x points for dining and entertainment , and one point per dollar spent elsewhere .
Citi ThankYou points can be redeemed for travel reservations , gift cards , and merchandise , or transferred to airline miles or hotel points .
There is a $ 450 annual fee for this card and no foreign transaction fees .
Discover it Miles
The Discover it Miles card is ideal for budget travelers as it has no annual fee and no foreign transaction fees .
With this card , you earn 1.5 points per dollar spent on all purchases , with no limits on the amount of rewards you can earn and no expiration date .
Reward points can be redeemed redeem for 1 cent each as statement credits towards travel reservations .
Choosing a credit card for European travel
Credit cards work largely the same in Europe as they do in the United States , but there are a few important differences that go into picking the right one for your trip .
Shop safer in Europe with EMV chip security
European merchants tend to use credit cards with microchips embedded on the front , rather than swiping the old magnetic stripes on the back .
In fact , these chips are often called EMV smart chips , and that stands for Europay , MasterCard , and Visa , the companies that created this standard .
The American credit card industry started deploying chip - enabled credit cards and terminals in 2015 , and nearly all U.S. credit cards are offered with an EMV smart chip .
If for some reason your card does n't have one , simply contact your card issuer and ask to have it replaced with a chip card , which they should do at no additional cost .
Nevertheless , there are two different implementations of smart chip credit cards called chip- and - signature and chip- and - PIN .
Most credit cards issued to Americans will only work with the chip - and - signature method , and most European merchants will accept it .
However , there are some unattended kiosks at train stations , gas stations and toll booths that may still require chip - and - PIN , so it can be helpful to have a card that is compatible with both kinds of terminals .
Avoid expensive foreign transaction fees
Another vital factor in choosing a credit card for overseas travel is avoiding foreign transaction fees .
Many credit cards impose a 3 % foreign transaction fee on all charges processed outside of the United States .
These charges provide no value to cardholders and generate pure profit for card issuers , but fortunately , there are an increasing number of credit cards that no longer add this costly and unnecessary fee .
Travel perks for more comfortable travel in Europe
Finally , you may want a card that offers valuable travel benefits that you can use on your trip .
For example , trip cancellation , interruption , and delay policies can reimburse you for out of pocket costs when your travel plans go awry .
Insurance for lost and delayed baggage can also be useful when you have to be without your luggage for several days while the airlines attempt to find and deliver it .
Most credit cards come with automobile rental insurance , but some do n't cover popular European tourist destinations like Italy and Ireland .
Finally , there are other premium travel benefits that can be enjoyable such as access to airport lounges and fee credits for expedited access to domestic security screening upon departure and U.S. Customs and Immigration upon arrival .
Nissan is working with their new partnership with BASF Coatings in order to bring about their fresh approval for Bodyshop Programme .
This is a programme that has happened with a full range of automotive refinishing of products that have been working with Nissan drivers .
The BASF coatings would be chosen to bring the sole Preferred Paint Partner along with bringing the Nissan from a scratch .
This is going to bring more serious repair for any accident that would occur for Nissan models as these would be handled via the experts .
Looking after Nissan models can be quite a serious deal and especially if it is not done in the right ways then there are advanced repairing and fixing coming up in order .
The services have been refined through these new listings and would be something very different now with long term and sole Preferred Paint Partner work that comes with the Nissan Approved Bodyshop Programme .
There are initial 3 year agreement sign ups that would bring the right ordering and placement deals for local as well as European levels of work .
There are incredible benefits to be enjoyed through enhanced ranges of techniques now to be made available through the diverse shop products .
These would help with the repairing process in no time at all !
The benefits that come with the advanced range of products are many and these would be made available through full range of diverse options that would be available .
Nissan approved repairers would be working on to provide you the best of services from now on .
Video Comando fusila a 19 en centro de rehabilitaci�n .
En cuatro cartulinas , los sicarios dejaron un mensaje en la que explican los motivos de la ejecución , conozca los motivos .
El récord de homicidios relacionados con el hampa , de acuerdo con el recuento de EL UNIVERSAL , lo tenía el día 3 de noviembre de 2008 , cuando 58 personas perdieron la vida
Thick concrete blocks and steel poles holding wire - mesh fencing have gone up overnight just south of the Rogers Centre as crews start installing security barriers for the G20 summit .
The nearly three - metre - high fence stretches along Rees St. from Lake Shore Blvd. W. to Bremner Blvd. , with another barricade stretching about 20 metres along Lake Shore south of the Steam Whistle Brewery .
Barricades were also stacked up between the CN Tower and Rogers Centre .
Frames for the fencing have been installed on Bremner , south of the CN Tower .
Security fences will go up in two phases .
The outer or yellow zone , is a pedestrian - and traffic - controlled area around the Metro Toronto Convention Centre , Union Station and the Rogers Centre .
The innermost security zone , the red zone , will wrap around the convention centre and other nearby buildings .
Officials said multiple gates with security checkpoints will eventually be erected but plan to keep the area open to vehicles and pedestrians up until the evening of June 25 .
The G20 summit runs June 26 - 27 .
Residents and workers who need access to the yellow zone can ask for a registration card , which will require submitting photo ID and personal information to the summit office .
During the summit weekend , the red zone will be sealed by a three - metre fence and five levels of security screening .
With files from Alex Hering
A doctor at Cornell and his research team have been performing clitoroplasties on female infants and little girls who show " gender ambiguity . "
This involves cutting away the shaft of the clitoris on girls whose clitorises are deemed too large
To test whether the girls retain clitoral sensation after the surgery , the doctors stimulate the girls with Q-tips and vibrators Bioethicists are in disbelief .
The virtues of exercise are myriad : better cardiovascular health , decreased risk for diabetes , boosted mood , and even perhaps a leaner physique .
But aside from such macro links and knowledge about the heart rates , blood –oxygen levels and hormonal responses related to exercise , scientists have a relatively cursory understanding of the chemical mechanisms at work in the body during and after physical activity .
A new study , published online May 26 in Science Translational Medicine , presents a thorough profile of exercise 's impact on the human body 's metabolites in plasma — and reveals vast biological differences among more - and less - fit individuals .
The findings also reinforce links between exercise and insulin sensitivity as well as point to new ways to enhance exercise for both healthy individuals and those suffering from cardiovascular or metabolic diseases .
" We 've known for a long time that exercise protects against metabolic and cardiovascular disease , " says Robert Gerszten , director of Translational Research in the Cardiology Division at Massachusetts General Hospital , and co-author of the new study .
" But how these effects occur is not entirely clear .
Exercise physiology is surprisingly very poorly understood . "
Predictive patterns
Gerszten and his colleagues measured more than 200 metabolites , small chemicals involved in the body 's metabolism , using mass spectrometry in individuals before and after exercise .
The team found that people who were more and less fit had vastly different metabolite profiles across a wide range of exercise durations — from 10 minutes of treadmill running to completion of the Boston Marathon .
And even in those who exercised for just 10 minutes , their metabolite profile was still being affected an hour later , which suggests that exercise sparks " long - term signals [ and ] that we 're just beginning to scratch the tip of the iceberg , " Gerszten says .
Across all groups , after exercise the researchers saw an increase in certain metabolites , such as glycerol , that are involved in the breakdown of fatty tissue as well as a decrease in allantoin , which is linked to oxidative stress .
But not all changes were equal .
Glycerol levels increased much more in fitter people ( as assessed by peak oxygen uptake ) .
In leaner subjects ( with body mass indexes , or BMIs , less than 28 ) , levels of niacinamide , a metabolite that increases sensitivity to insulin , increased more than twice as much as it did in larger individuals .
Not all of these changes were a surprise , however .
" Many of [ them ] were not a surprise and have been shown before " in muscle , says Robert Hickner , director of the PhD Program in Bioenergetics and Exercise Science at East Carolina University in Greenville , who was not involved in the study .
" It 's not that surprising that you see the higher glycerol response " in fit people , he notes , because they have been shown to have higher rates of fat breakdown .
Gerszten and his team also found that some of the metabolites that were changed with exercise also could be applied to a broader population correlated with cardiovascular health .
" Some of those metabolic changes in acute exercise also turn out to be predictive of fitness in a large epidemiological cohort , " he says .
Of the dozen of these metabolites that were measured in cohorts from the longitudinal Framingham Heart Study ( the long - term 1948 study to identify the common contributive factors of cardiovascular disease by following its development in a large subject group ) levels of glycerol turned out to be " significantly correlated " with resting heart rate , another indicator of fitness , as measured in the study .
The next question to answer will be whether these biomarkers also predict long - term disease and mortality risk , Gerszten says .
And if they do , he notes , they could help doctors do a better job at finding at - risk populations and make suggestions for preventive health interventions .
" There 's certainly room for a good test to predict disease , " Hickner says .
And the quest for new biomarkers continues : " The question is can we find better ones , " he says .
" I do n't think they 've come upon any in this study . "
Deeper mechanisms
Beyond the fluctuation in metabolite levels , the new study also found that they can work together to influence gene expression .
By exposing muscle in vitro to a combination of metabolites , the researchers found that transcription factor nur77 , which has recently been linked to lipid metabolism and glucose use , was upregulated ( but had remained unchanged when exposed to only singular metabolites ) .
" This shows you that metabolites are going to act in very unanticipated ways , " Gerszten says .
He cautions , however , that , " this is an early study , but it does give us a lot of insight into what some of the functional players might be . "
Gerszten and his colleagues are now looking into the role of genetics in determining an individual 's plasma metabolite profile .
Exercise enhanced
The findings of the new study have implications for " optimized training programs as well as the development of nutritional supplements to enhance performance , " Gerszten says .
By comparing metabolite profiles of unfit people with fit ones , he notes , researchers could find the metabolite lags that fitness drinks or nutritional supplements might replenish .
He and his colleagues are already at work trying to locate which metabolites are most important for regulating pathways relevant to boosting overall performance .
" We 're going to look over time to see which metabolites change over various interventions , " Gerszten says .
" This gives us a more granular look into the pathways that are changing . "
But the performance enhancement research is not just about helping athletes or gym junkies up their game , Gerszten says .
Rather it is " most importantly for people with metabolic and cardiovascular disorders " to help them be able to exercise better and perhaps improve their condition .
Whether or not a metabolite - enhanced drink or supplement could vastly increase performance is still up in the air , Gerszten says .
" It 's too early to tell . "
But it will not be as simple as plugging in metabolites that seem to be lower in those needing extra help exercising .
" It 's very hard to find supplements that improve performance other than water , glucose , carbohydrates , " Hickner says .
" It might be a stretch from this study to get into that realm of taking the metabolic profile and determining what supplement you should give . "
The real challenge , Hickner says , is not finding the ideal formula for boosting performance , but wading through the data itself .
" The ability to study many metabolites at once is becoming valuable , " he says .
But " to sort through the data is our challenge in the coming 10 years . "
World food prices will rise this decade , boosted by a growing population and changing diets , the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) and the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) said in their annual outlook report .
“ Real prices of all products other than pig meat are expected to be above their average 1997 - 2006 level , ” the Paris - based OECD and Rome - based FAO said in the report on Tuesday .
Grain , oilseed , meat and dairy prices , adjusted for inflation , will climb between 2010 and 2019 compared with the decade to 2006 , before a spike in 2007 and 2008 , OECD and FAO said .
Pork prices are forecast to be kept in check by rising supply in Brazil and China .
Global food production has to rise 70 per cent by 2050 as the world population expands to 9.1 billion people from about 6.8 billion people now , the FAO has said .
Farm - output growth remains on track to meet that goal , OECD and FAO said in Tuesday 's agricultural outlook for 2010 - 2019 .
Average prices for wheat and coarse grains are estimated to be 15 - 40 per cent higher in the coming decade , compared with the period from 1997 to 2006 , they said .
Vegetable - oil prices will be up more than 40 per cent , and dairy prices will rise between 16 per cent to 45 per cent , FAO and OECD said .
Agricultural prices “ will tend to remain ” below the peak levels of 2007 and 2008 , they said .
Sugar , beef and pork did n't share the “ rapid ” price rise of other products two years ago , and are forecast to rise 10 per cent to 20 per cent in the decade compared to 2007 - 08 prices , OECD and FAO said .
Cheese , butter
Compared with the peak in 2007 and 2008 , wheat , rice , oilseeds , protein meal , butter , cheese and skimmed milk powder are forecast to decline the most in inflation - adjusted terms , according to the report .
“ Pig meat prices are not anticipated to increase much beyond 2014 due to a fast increase in supply with high productivity gains in Brazil and China , ” the OECD and FAO said .
Developing countries will be the main source of growing agricultural output , consumption and trade , they said .
As incomes rise , diets are expected to include more meat and processed foods , favouring livestock and dairy , according to FAO and OECD .
Growth in farm production is forecast to be led by Latin America , Eastern Europe and some Asian countries .
Brazil , Ukraine
Brazil will lift agricultural output by 40 per cent through 2019 , from the base period of 2007 to 2009 , OECD and FAO said .
Ukraine is forecast to raise production by 29 per cent in the period , Russia and China by 26 per cent and India by 21 per cent .
Production growth in the US and Canada is forecast to be in the range of 10 - 15 per cent , while European Union farm output will increase by less than 4 per cent , according to the report .
World population growth is expected to average 1.1 per cent a year to 2019 , with 2 per cent growth in Africa , FAO and OECD said .
“ On a per capita basis , production growth in least - developed countries is struggling to keep up with rapid population growth , ” they said .
Per-capita growth of farm output has fallen in North Africa and West Asia , mainly because of limited water availability , according to the report .
In sub -Saharan Africa , production per capita is expected to remain stagnant as increased farming " barely " keeps up with population growth of 2.2 per cent , according to OECD and FAO .
Women who drink alcohol while they are pregnant may be harming the fertility of their unborn sons , researchers say .
Expecting mothers who consumed more than 4.5 alcoholic drinks a week were more likely to have sons with lower sperm counts than those who drank little or none at all , their study suggests .
Men whose mothers drank the most had sperm counts a third lower on average than those whose mothers hardly drank in pregnancy or completely abstained .
It is too early to say whether a mother 's alcohol consumption directly harms her son's future sperm count , but the finding might go some way towards explaining why sperm quality has declined in recent decades , the researchers said .
The findings were announced at a meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Rome today .
The government advises pregnant women to avoid alcohol completely during pregnancy , though the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists says there is no evidence that a couple of units of alcohol once or twice a week will harm an unborn baby .
When a pregnant woman drinks beer , wine or spirits , the level of alcohol in her baby 's blood rises as much as in her own .
Because babies have under - developed livers , they are unable to break the alcohol down as quickly , and so are exposed to high levels for longer .
Unborn babies that are continually exposed to high levels of alcohol can develop foetal alcohol syndrome , a developmental disorder that causes learning difficulties and growth abnormalities .
Doctors at Aarhus University Hospital in Denmark investigated 347 men aged between 18 and 21 years old whose mothers had been recruited to the Danish " Healthy habits for two " study between 1984 and 1987 .
Towards the end of their pregnancy , the women answered a lifestyle questionnaire that included a question about alcohol consumption .
Their grown - up sons gave blood and semen samples for analysis .
Cecilia Ramlau - Hansen , who led the study , divided the men into four groups depending on how much alcohol their mothers drank while pregnant .
Mothers of men in the first group had less than one alcoholic drink a week ; the second group had one to 1.5 drinks a week ; the third consumed between two and four drinks ; and the fourth group had 4.5 or more drinks per week .
The study showed that the sons of mothers who drank 4.5 or more drinks a week had an average sperm count of 25 m per millilitre , compared with 40 m per millilitre for those who were least exposed to alcohol in the womb .
The World Health Organisation defines a normal sperm count as 20 m per millilitre or more .
" The reduced sperm concentrations in the most exposed men are rather close to the lower end of the WHO 's normal range for fertility , " said Dr Ramlau - Hansen .
The chances of conceiving increase with greater sperm count , up to around 40 m per millilitre , so " it is possible that the most exposed men could be less fertile than the least exposed , " she added .
Young men whose mothers say they drank between one and 1.5 drinks per week during pregnancy produced the most semen and had the highest total sperm counts in the study .
The researchers say they 're unsure whether this is a statistical anomaly caused by inaccuracies in the mothers ' answers , or a genuine beneficial effect of small amounts of alcohol in pregnancy .
The fathers ' alcohol consumption had no bearing on their sons ' sperm quality .
" If further research shows that maternal alcohol consumption is a cause of reduced semen concentration in male offspring , then we are a bit closer to an explanation of why semen quality may have decreased during the last decadees and why it differs between populations , " said Ramlau - Hansen .
Allan Pacey , a senior lecturer in andrology at Sheffield University , said : " The most critical time for testicular development seems to be when the male foetus is in the womb .
It may be that alcohol affects that development , but this study does n't prove that .
It makes sense , but it could also be something related to alcohol consumption . "
Israel must apologize for its blockade of the Gaza Strip , as well as compensate the people of Gaza , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview to American television Monday , adding that such an apology would be a condition to continued Turkish mediation in any future peace talks between Israel and Syria .
Open gallery view Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan .
Credit : Reuters
Tensions between Israel and Turkey , longtime allies , have risen sharply since Israel 's May 31 raid of a Gaza - bound flotilla , which resulted in the death of 9 flotilla participants , 8 of which were Turkish citizens .
" Israel should issue an apology because of what has happened with the more recent events and compensate for the people and Gaza , which is like an open - air prison , must not remain so , and the blockades must be lifted .
As long as these happen , this takes place , then we are ready for any sort of responsibility that we are asked to take upon ourselves , " Erdogan said .
Referring to the aftermath of the flotilla incident , Erdogan told Charlie Rose that Israel attacked " from the sea and from the air and there were plastic bullets used , guns used .
Nine people died , eight Turkish , one a U.S. citizen , the American citizen Furkan Dogan . "
" The U.S. administration should take ownership of the situation because there was an American citizen involved , " the Turkish PM said , adding the Turkish government would " do the same because families have a right to ask their government what has happened . "
" They ask us why , why what has happened ?
What about my husband or my son ?
They have a right to ask this question .
And the same thing is true for all countries .
And we will act within international law taking into consideration the forensic medical reports , " Erdogan said .
The Turkish PM also said he thought Israel 's government impeded Middle East peace attempts , saying that " at the moment , the problem in Israel is the coalition government .
The coalition government is the biggest barrier to peace . "
" Israel hasnt really accepted a two - state solution , " the Turkish PM added , saying that while Israel 's governments spoke about it , they in fact did nothing to advance it .
On the other hand , Erdogan said , Turkey has " worked for the security and we worked for the security of the Israeli people and we have worked to convince Hamas , as well , " saying that Ankara had " convinced [ Hamas ] up to a certain extent . "
Referring to the plan drafted by Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to precede the unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state by establishing national institutions , Erdogan said that he did n't find that plan " very credible . "
" Building efforts from the grassroots , ground up is a requirement of democracy , and to do that , you have to have an election .
Elections were held , and Hamas won the election , " the Turkish PM said .
Erdogan said that the uranium swap deal announced in May by Turkey and Brazil under which Iran would send some of its low - enriched uranium abroad was an attempt to solve Iran 's nuclear dispute with the West " through diplomatic means . "
On the issue of Turkey 's conflict with Kurdish rebels , Erdogan called on western nations to aid Turkey in its fight against the PKK [ Kurdistan Workers ' Party ] , which he called a " terrorist organization . "
" Western countries including the United States must act with us just like we fulfilled our responsibilities with regard to what happened after 9/11 , " Erdogan said .
" Every NATO member country must answer because one of the main goals of NATO is also to fight against terrorism , and we are fighting against terrorism . "
Wonderful vintage post card just covered with 3 vibrantorange tiger lily blossoms and buds with tiny black spots that are what give the lilytheir name .
They sit against a pale green shaded background that only add to the beautyof this rear post card .
Original 1 cent stamp and post mark along with a special littlenote on the back with the address of the recipient .
Measures 5 3/8′ by 3 3/8 ″
Condition : Excellent - phenomenal condition considering this card is 100 years or older .
Please note -
The items we sell in this shop are vintage and / or antique , used not brand new , and are
bound to have some blemishes .
We do our best to describe them to the best of our
ability .
We are not professional appraisers or dealers .
We list several photographs showing any
flaws noted .
All items are sold “ as is ” and we can not guarantee the working
condition of the items listed for sale .
If you need further information or pictures
please feel free to contact us .
Insurance is recommended but not required or included in the shipping costs ..
If you
would like to purchase insurance please be sure to add it to your shopping cart before
checkout .
W. will no be held responsible for items received damaged .
The insurance is
solely your responsibility ,
All post cards , and photos will be mailed via USPS media mail in a bubble mailer envelope , wrapped
in a plastic zip - lock and secured with additional stabilizing material to help protect
again damage that may occur during shipping .
If you have any worried or concerns about
receiving your paper products , please purchase the optional insurance we off .
Visit and Purchase at our little Etsy Shop Retro Vintage Bazaar – HERE
Defence firm launches iPhone for missile training By Daniel Emery
BBC Technology reporter , Farnborough Published duration 22 July 2010
The Patriot anti-missile system now has its own iPhone app , developed by US defence firm Raytheon .
Patriot Crew Drill is a multiple - choice game , designed as a refresher tool for missile troops .
The game , which will not be available on Apple 's App Store , will help keep Patriot troops , assigned to other duties , up to speed on the working and mechanics of the system .
Raytheon has said it intends to launch a number of iPhone military apps .
The firm 's Roopa Bhide told BBC News that the firm had put the app together as a result of the manpower demands made on the US military ; a knock - on effect from the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" It 's quite common for troops - who in peacetime would be dedicated to operating the Patriot anti-missile system - to be sent to front line duties , " she said .
Soldiers are typically sent out to Afghanistan and Iraq for tours lasting one year .
" As a result , these soldiers tend to get rusty as their focus is elsewhere , " said Mrs Bhide .
" This app will help refresh those skills , " she added .
The app runs a soldier through the different steps they must go through to assemble and set up the Patriot anti-missile system .
The soldier is presented with a scenario , with three multiple - choice questions to answer .
Successfully answer the question and the app moves onto the next step ; fail and they get a dressing down from the " virtual " Staff Sergeant .
There 's an app for that
This is not the first military iPhone application from the US military defence contractor .
At the end of 2009 , Raytheon said it would develop a suite of combat apps that would make the iPhone a suitable tool for use in a war zone .
At the time , the firm said it would work on an app called One Force Tracker that would use GPS and cellular networks to track the position of friendly troops on the battlefield ; there would also be the possibility to track enemy targets , although it remains to be seen how that would be achieved .
A spokesman for Raytheon said that particular app was still in the concept phase and was a " long way off " becoming operational .
The concept of using smartphones as battlefield tools has been growing in military circles .
With shrinking budgets , defence contractors are looking at ways of using existing equipment , rather than designing a dedicated piece of kit from scratch .
It is thought the first military app was Knight 's Armament Company 's Bullet Flight , a utility for snipers that enabled them to work out the trajectory of bullets based on ammunition type , environmental conditions and other variable factors .
The iPhone can be mounted on the right of the gun , enabling the shooter to have one eye on the target and the other on the app .
Dan Crawford | June 10 , 2010 11:59 am
by Mark Thoma
author for Economist ’s View and Maximum Utility
Where Will the Good Jobs Come From ?
I have emphasized short - run job creation quite a bit recently , and I have noted , implicitly at least , that we should n’t be too picky about the quality of the jobs that are created .
Most jobs will do .
But in the long - run the quality of jobs matters a lot , and when the private sector finally begins reabsorbing the unemployed , the underemployed , and the discouraged , we want people to be able to find jobs with decent wages and benefits — jobs that are as good or better than the jobs they had before .
But where , exactly , will those jobs come from ?
I wish I had the answer .
Education is part of it , better education means better jobs on average , and it ’s easy to imagine a substantial fraction of the population benefiting from an educational advantage .
So I wo n’t back off prior calls to improve education at all levels .
But even if we substantially improve education , it wo n’t fully solve the problem .
There will still be a need for quality jobs that are not all that dependent upon knowledge based skills .
However , it ’s harder to imagine an emerging set of industries that will provide the large number of quality jobs that we need to replace those lost from industries in decline .
If these jobs fail to be created in the next years and decades , the result will be an ever widening gap in the distribution of income with , as now , a group at the top doing relatively well , and everyone else treading water at best .
Is it overly pessimistic to worry that we may be headed in that direction ?
( Reposted with author ’s permission )
__________________________________
Rdan here …Martin Ford , who has guest posted here , made the front page today of Fortune ( CNN money ) online with this article .
Tehran Diary Daily Life in Iran , One Year after the Uprising
Saturday marks the first anniversary of the disputed Iranian presidential election , which sparked street protests leading to dozens of deaths and countless arrests .
How is the atmosphere in the country today ?
Five Iranians describe their lives over the space of one week in May .
Cameron in U - turn on rape case anonymity which could now only apply until suspects are charged
Plans to give anonymity to men accused of rape have been dramatically scaled back .
Two weeks ago , the coalition pledged to give men the same protection as their accusers , whose identities are never revealed .
But yesterday David Cameron indicated the accused would be named if prosecutors brought charges .
His comments , at Prime Minister 's Questions , suggested any suspects released by police without charge would have their names permanently shielded from the public .
Climbdown ?
David Cameron at his first Prime Minister 's Questions today
Mr Cameron said that , when he was a member of the Home Affairs Committee , 'we came to the conclusion that there was a case for saying that between arrest and charge there was a case for anonymity ' .
The original pledge was made two weeks ago in the coalition 's first programme for government .
But it provoked surprise as it appeared in neither party 's manifesto .
It stated bluntly that the coalition would ' extend anonymity in rape cases to defendants ' , and was widely interpreted as suggesting accused parties would have their identities shielded in the same way as victims .
The pledge provoked anger from feminist pressure groups , who said it would tip justice and public opinion in favour of the defendants .
In charge : David Cameron at the despatch box today
Acting Labour leader Harriet Harman rounded on Mr Cameron in the House of Commons , saying the plan would prevent other victims of serial rapists from coming forward .
Miss Harman said the move would ' turn the clock back ' and send a ' devastating message ' to rape victims that they should not be believed .
She said : ' We know that it is often only after many rapes that a defendant is finally brought to court and it is only at that point , often , when previous victims find the courage to come forward .
' By making rape defendants anonymous you are going to make it harder to bring rapists to justice . '
Ceri Goddard , chief executive of the Fawcett Society , which campaigns for sexual equality , welcomed the shift , but accused the Government of holding ' lingering sexist stereotypes ' about women who report rape .
' Like many others , we were utterly confounded when we thought they actually meant giving full anonymity , including through the trial - which , among other things , would mean repeat rapists like the taxi driver John Worboys were less likely to be caught .
' So far their plans seem based on flimsy ideas , little evidence and perhaps not a small degree of lingering sexist stereotypes about women who report rape - not on a real commitment to equal justice for women . '
The summit's Integrated Security Unit demonstrates what Torontonians can expect to see during the G20 this June .
Photo : Carlos Osorio/ Toronto Star
In an impressive show of strength this morning , the G20's Integrated Security Unit ( ISU ) showcased the myriad officers , resources and equipment in its arsenal for the G20 summit .
When it came to law enforcement personnel , it was the whole kit and caboodle : there were cops on bikes , cops on horseback , cops with riot gear , cops with German Shepherds , and yes , even cops with the LRADs , or long range acoustic devices ( the so - called sound cannons ) .
There were units from the Canadian Forces , Peel Police , Toronto Police , Ontario Provincial Police , the city 's Emergency Task Force and the province 's CBRN response team ( which reacts to threats of the chemical , biological , radioactive and nuclear kind ) .
The ISU held its " technical briefing " for media at the Toronto Police College at 70 Birmingham St. Reporters and camera crews were asked to stand behind a metal barrier as the various police and army units flexed their muscles and demonstrated what Torontonians " may be exposed to and experience during the summit . "
Here is what we saw :
Motorcades : Reports have estimated there will be as many as 83 motorcades during the summit , each of which could involve 10 to 50 cars .
The motorcades are sure to snarl traffic from June 24 to 27 as dignitaries move between Pearson Airport , the G8 in Huntsville and the G20 at Toronto 's Metro Convention Centre .
In the demo , each VIP vehicle was book - ended by police cruisers and officers on motorcycles .
Several other police officers also rode ahead to block off roads for the motorcades to pass through .
It was a highly choreographed affair and as the motorcade prepared to drive away , the officer at the front commanded " Fire 'em up " into his headset and each vehicle gunned its engine nearly in unison .
Crowd control :
The police response to an escalating crowd seems to happen in stages .
In the demonstration , eight police officers on bicycles rode in formation and lined up to create a human barricade .
Next , a riot squad marched in with its shields up and stood behind the officers with bicycles in two perpendicular rows , creating a kind of u-shaped formation .
Riot police on horseback then followed and stood at the back ; according to Const .
Wendy Drummond , the mounted police units will be deployed 24 hours a day during the summit for crowd management purposes .
The police officers on bicycles then proceeded to lift their front wheels as riot officers moved to the front .
It was at this point that two officers used a " handheld " LRAD device to communicate their message to the imaginary crowd :
" This is the Toronto Police Service .
I 'm asking you to vacate to your right in an orderly fashion down Birmingham St . "
LRADs : Police emphasized that their four recently purchased LRADs are not weapons and will be used as a communication devices , with the alert function deployed for no more than five seconds as a way of getting people 's attention .
Police say they will use the alert function if necessary but will not deploy it on crowds or protesters standing 10 metres away .
Of the four LRADs purchased by Toronto police , three are the 100X model .
These versions can reach amplitudes of 135 decibels for anyone standing one metre in front of the device ; they are referred to as the handheld models but really look more like black backpacks worn on the front .
Two officers are required to operate the LRADs -- one who wears the device and a " public order commander " who speaks into the microphone and determines at what strength to calibrate the alerts .
Police say 24 officers are currently being trained to use the LRADs .
The first demonstration of the LRAD was only at half - strength , about 70 dB , and the sound was underwhelming at best .
I could barely even hear it from about 20 metres away and had to move closer to the device in order to hear the messages being broadcast .
Police officers demonstrated the LRADs a second time , however , this time dialling the volume to full strength and standing at a distance of about one city block away .
This time , they spoke into the loudspeaker while panning the LRAD from side to side because the device creates a " tunnel " of sound -- when the LRADs point away from you the noise is actually quite muted .
When you stand in its path , however , it is like having a speaker right up against your ear .
During the full - strength demonstration , the alert was also sounded for a few seconds at full force .
It was a loud blip that was irritating and jarring , making a few reporters jump .
The sound was certainly piercing but tolerable ; however , if it were to run for longer than five seconds , it would certainly become less than bearable .
Special operations : The Toronto Police Emergency Task Force ( ETF ) has eight special weapons teams , complete with negotiators , snipers , sniper spotters , rappel experts and CBRN - certified officers that can respond to hazardous materials , bomb threats and the like .
The Emergency Task Force units will be located within the " interdicted zone " just outside the RCMP - controlled summit site .
Staff Insp. Dave Marks would n't disclose how many ETF officers will be working at the summit but confirmed the force has about 100 officers in total .
Its marine unit , which will have the larger 300x LRAD at its disposal , will be patrolling the lake to potentially " assault other vessels , " according to Marks .
The Ontario Police will also have its Urban Search and Rescue and CBRN teams working at the summits , with about 24 trained officers across the two units .
Among its capabilities are :
" Obstruction removal " -- protesters often use machinery to lock themselves to trucks , railways or even ships , and a specialized team will be on hand to dislodge and remove them .
Rescue -- in the event of a large structural collapse , a rescue team , complete with three dog handlers , will be available for search and rescue missions .
Hazardous materials response -- travelling CBRN units will be equipped with everything from $ 500,000 bomb - disarming robots to portable labs for testing hazardous substances .
K - 9 units : Toronto police will have 22 dog handlers with 34 police dogs at its disposal .
The Belgian Shepherd Malinois and German Shepherds are trained to do everything from detecting explosives and firearms to " criminal apprehension . "
Canadian Forces : The Canadian Forces ' contingent for the G20 will be mainly stationed at Pearson where it will conduct foot patrols with other units , mostly from Peel Police .
Soldiers will be be dressed in full fatigues and armed with C7A1 rifles for self defence , according to public affairs officer Captain John - Hugh MacDonald .
" ( Soldiers will ) provide surveillance and observe , and provide early warning to law enforcement , " he said .
EMS and Fire Services :
It will be all hands on deck for Toronto EMS during the summit as all staff has been asked not to book vacation during the G20 week .
There will be EMS buses available to respond to mass injuries -- these vehicles are capable of holding eight people on stretchers although some can be converted into seating to accommodate more patients .
The bus is meant to serve as a large ambulance but can also be converted to a field hospital , if necessary .
In the event of a mass contamination , like tear gas contaminations , EMS will be operating inside the " cold zone " -- because tear gas can be passed from person to person , exposed victims should be decontaminated before entering an ambulance to be taken to hospital .
The fire department will be operating in the " hot zone " however , and serve as the first responders to tear gas victims .
Captain Bill Casey said the fire department has mobile tents it can set up in the event of tear gas contaminations .
Yes there are two types of wrists shots in hockey , yet I am amazed at how many people are unaware of this fact .
A newcomer to the game of hockey asked for some wrist shot tips in a popular hockey forum .
Many beer leaguers who have been playing hockey for years tried to help .
The problem was that different people were teaching different types of wrist shots as if they were the same type .
I could not find one good article that addresses both types of wrist shots so I thought I would clear things up .
Two types of wrist shots
Both types of wrist shots are commonly used in hockey , and both have their pros and cons .
The first one I will discuss is the first type of wrist shot you should learn , and also the most powerful .
The second type of wrist shot is great for getting a quick shot off but not quite as powerful as the first .
The most powerful type of wrist shot
This is the first type of wrist shot you should learn because it teaches the fundamentals of how to take a wrist shot .
For this type of wrist shot the player rotates the shoulders and trunk and draws the puck back , and across the body .
Rotating at the trunk allows the player to bring the puck further back which will result in a more powerful shot .
The player will now execute the wrist shot by pulling the puck toward the net , rotating the shoulders and trunk towards the net , and transferring weight onto the leg opposite of their stick handiness ( right handed shot transfers weight onto left leg )
This type of wrist shot allows the player to derive power from their core muscles , and also allows them to transfer more energy and power into their shot .
The puck will be on the blade of the stick longer as well which will also result in more power .
The quick release wrist shot
This type of wrist shot is great if you want to surprise the goalie with a quick snapper .
In fact some say this type of wrist shot is a mix between wrist shot and snapshot ( it can be depending on how you execute it )
For this type of wrist shot the player keeps their chest facing the net and draws the puck behind them , and on their shooting side .
The player then leans into the shot , while quickly snapping the puck towards the net .
For this shot the weight is transferred onto the same leg as the way the player shoots ( right handed player transfers weight onto right leg )
This type of wrist shot derives less power from the core and leg muscles , which results in a weaker shot .
In order to get as much power as possible from this shot the player must learn to use the flex of their stick to help generate power .
Some NHL players refer to this as slingshotting the puck at the net ( especially if you have a low flex stick ) the loss in power in this shot is made up with the quick set up and release .
Know that you know about the two types of wrist shots , you should learn when to use each type of shot .
Where to use the powerful wrist shot
The powerful wrist shot is a great tool for defencemen to use .
This type of shot can be used in situations when a slapshot would take to long to set up , or a more accurate shot is needed .
My favourite use of this shot is when I am coming into the offensize zone on the off wing , with one defencemen at the blue line .
I penetrate the offensive zone near the boards , and the defence will now be near the top of the circle .
At this point I push the puck forwards as if I am going to go hard into the corner or dump the puck in .
Then I pull the puck back into position for the powerful wrist shot and cut to the cemtre .
I shoot for the side of the net that I just came from .
I know the goalie will be moving from the side I just came from , to the centre of the net , which gives me a good spot to shoot .
The defence can also provide a partial screen which will increase chamces of scoring .
( explained in the video as well for all you visual learners )
Where to use quick wrist shots
The best time to use the quick wrist shot is when you are in close to the net .
The faster you can get the shot off the better .
My favorite way to score with a quick wrist shot is to skate in , pick a spot and let it rip .
The key to scoring this way is accuracy , and not giving any clues that you are going to shoot .
A great way to perfect this is to practice executing the quick wrist shot without breaking your stride .
Another great way to score with the quick wrist shot is through the five hole .
The closer you are to the goalie , the less time the goalie has to close the gap , and the better chance you have to score .
Two Types of Wrist Shot Video
This video shows you how to take each type of wrist shot , the difference between them , the benefits of each shot , and when the best time to use each shot is .
If you like this video you can subscribe to our channel on Youtube
These tips should help you better utilize your wrist shot and score more goals .
For more great tips you can enter your name and email in the box below
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
Image caption A third of its sites did not comply with the government 's own net standards .
The government is to conduct a review of all 820 of its websites , Cabinet Minister Francis Maude has announced .
A report by the Central Office of Information has revealed that the government spent £ 94 m on website development and running costs and £ 32 m on web staff in 2009 - 2010 .
The UK Trade and Investment website averaged 28,000 users per month but cost over £ 4 m to build said the COI .
Each site visitor cost the government £ 11.78 according to the figures .
Around 16 % of government departments did not know how their own websites were being used by tax payers , and almost a quarter were not aware of the running costs , according to the COI report .
In 2007 the BBC reported that the government was to axe 551 websites , protecting 26 from closure .
For some years now , politicians have been trying to do two things - cut spending while putting more services online , and so far it 's proved rather hard Rory Cellan - Jones , BBC 's technology correspondent Read Rory 's thoughts in full
" Only 24 sites have been reported as closed and more sites have since been discovered and so the present total number of government websites is 820 , " said Francis Maude .
" The days of ' vanity ' sites are over .
It is not good enough to have websites which do not deliver the high quality services which people expect and deserve . "
Mr Maude will be working with Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander and Digital Champion Martha Lane Fox on the review .
In a statement the government also cited " anecdotal evidence " of departments bidding against each other for search terms on Google .
The most cost efficient government websites included that of the Department for Environment Food and Rural Affairs which cost 2 p per visit , Revenue and Customs at 11 p and the Department for Culture , Media and Sport at 5 p per visit .
The NHS website averaged over 6 m users per month .
It reported non -staff costs to date of over £ 21 m not including £ 5 m spent on " marketing and customer relations " in 2009 .
' Putting services online is not only more efficient , but often it is cheaper as well , " said Tessa Jowell , Labour MP and former cabinet office minister .
" The measures announced today run the risk of being a wholly false economy , and may end up costing the Government more money than it is looking to save , " she said .
" In the last two years , the Labour Government already reviewed 1,795 websites , of which more than 1,000 have already been closed , " added Ms Jowell .
The BBC 's technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones said the initiative was an attempt to get a grip on the " spiralling " costs of websites .
He added : " What will be difficult is to push ahead with the process of putting more government services online while still cutting the costs of sites . "
After months of ever - increasing turmoil , the European Union has decided to set up a massive economic defence mechanism amounting to half a trillion euros to protect weaker eurozone nations from market speculation .
EU finance ministers meeting in Brussels spent 12 hours on Sunday night ( 9 May ) coming to an agreement to set up a multi-pronged " European Financial Stabilisation mechanism " after contagion from Greece 's debt crisis threatened to infect countries such as Spain and Portugal .
Its total volume will be up to €500 billion , with a further € 220 available from the IMF .
At the same time , the European Central Bank announced plans to step in and buy government bonds , a process of quantitative easing that mirrors similar earlier actions in the US and UK .
" We now see herd behaviours in the markets that are really pack behaviours , wolf pack behaviours , " Swedish finance minister Anders Borg said Sunday while explaining the need for the new mechanism .
If unchecked , " they will tear the weaker countries apart . "
As part of the agreement , the EU 's already - existing ' balance of payments facility , ' under which the commission can borrow money on capital markets to then lend on to non-eurozone states , has now been replicated for euro area countries as well .
The new facility for euro area states has a ceiling of € 60 billion .
It is to be set up under Article 122 of the EU treaties which foresees financial support for member states in difficulties caused by exceptional circumstances .
" We are facing such exceptional circumstance today and the mechanism will stay in place as long as needed to safeguard financial stability , " the finance ministers said in their final conclusions .
The scheme also allows for the provision of up to €440 billion in government - backed loan guarantees and bilateral loans on an intergovernmental basis .
Following German demands , the action will take place under a " Special Purpose Vehicle , " and will be " guaranteed on a pro rata basis by participating member states in a co-ordinated manner and that will expire after three years , respecting their national constitutional requirements , up to a volume of € 440 billion . "
The IMF has agreed to provide " at least half as much as the EU contribution , " or € 220 billion , under the scheme .
Non-eurozone countries Sweden and Poland have indicated they wish to take part , while French minister Christine Lagarde warned there was still a risk that national parliaments could vote down the mechanism designed to the defend the euro currency .
The marathon talks saw Germany 's wheelchair - bound finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble admitted to hospital after an apparent bad reaction to new medicine , while the country 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , was urged by US President Barack Obama in a telephone call to take " resolute steps to build confidence in markets . "
In a further move to reassure investors , Spain and Portugal have indicated they are ready to take " significant additional consolidation measures in 2010 and 2011 . "
These will be presented to an EU finance ministers gathering on 18 May .
" We shall defend the euro whatever it takes , " EU economy commissioner Olli Rehn told journalists after Sunday 's meeting .
Markets in Asia reacted positively to the news of the huge European effort which also includes action by the European Central Bank .
In a dramatic turnaround from its previous position , the bank said early on Monday morning that it is prepared to buy government bonds and private assets in a bid to ease market tensions .
The ECB has previously said it opposed such a measure .
Although the remarkable u-turn is a further sign of Europe 's determination to protect its economy , analysts said it also now places a huge question mark over the central bank 's independence .
A few months ago , Britain 's archivists , educators , independent artists and technologists were up in arms over the digital economy bill , a dreadful piece of legislation that ignored all the independent experts ' views on how to improve Britain 's digital economy ; instead , it further rewarded the slow - moving entertainment companies that refused to adapt to the changing marketplace and diverted even more public enforcement resources to shoring up their business - models .
The bill was passed despite enormous public outcry , without real parliamentary debate , in a largely empty house , hours before parliament dissolved for the election .
Despite reassuring promises to their constituents , huge numbers of MPs just did n't bother to show up for work that day , allowing the bill to slip through ( my own MP , Meg Hillier , sent me a letter to tell me that she was " concerned " that the bill was up for a vote without debate , but she voted for it anyway ) .
Well , here 's some good news for Britons : you 're not the only country whose laws are for sale to oligarchs from the entertainment industry .
In my native Canada , a farce worthy of the worst moments of the Digital Economy Act is playing out even as I type these words .
Some background : there have been two recent attempts to reform Canadian copyright law .
Both failed , due in large part to an unwillingness on the part of lawmakers to conduct public review or consultation on their proposals ( though they were happy to have closed - door meetings with lobbyists representing offshore entertainment giants ) .
The minority Tory government is now fielding a third attempt , called Bill C32 ( Canadian bills have much less interesting names than their UK counterparts ; here , we 'd probably call it The Enhancement of Digital Life Through Extreme Punishments for Naughty Pirates Bill of 2010 ) .
C32 follows the widest - ever public consultation on Canadian copyright .
More than 8,300 Canadians filed comments in the consultation , and they spoke with near unanimity : " We do n't want a US - style copyright regime . "
The US 's copyright law was last reformed in 1998 , with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , which provided for near - total protection for " digital locks " ( also called " DRM , " " TPM , " " copy prevention , " " copy protection " – this explosion of names being the legacy of two decades ' worth of attempts to rebrand an unpopular idea in the hopes of making it stick ) .
In the US version of the law , breaking a digital lock is itself a crime – even if you 're breaking it for a perfectly legitimate reason .
For example , Apple uses digital locks to make sure that the only programs you can run on your iPad and iPhone come from its own App Store .
The App Store has lots of conditions on it that are ripe for competitive challenge – it scoops a hefty 30 % commission from software creators , and imposes prudish conditions on the presentation of " adult " content ( previously , Apple has rejected an ebook reader because it could be used to call up the Kama Sutra , a dictionary because it contained " naughty " words , the Pulitzer - winning political cartoons of Mark Fiore because they " ridiculed public figures " and a comic book adaptation of Joyce 's Ulysses because you could see the characters ' willies – in each case , they reversed themselves after public outcry ) .
But breaking the digital locks on your iPad so that you can buy apps from someone other than Apple is against the law – even though there is no copyright infringement taking place .
Quite the contrary : marketplaces where creators exchange their works for money is the kind of thing you 'd expect copyright law to encourage , rather than prohibit .
Nearly all of the respondents to the Canadian copyright consultation said that they did n't want to repeat America 's 12 - year - old mistake .
Yes , they said , let us have protection for digital locks , but only if you 're breaking them in order to commit an act of actual copyright infringement .
Protecting the locks themselves is bad policy .
I was one of those Canadians .
As a Canadian author ( my latest novel , For the Win , is presently on the Canadian bestseller lists ) , I believe that I should have the major say in the destiny of my copyrighted works .
If I want to authorise a reader to break a digital lock to move her copies of my books from a Kindle to a competing ebook reader , that should be my call .
Certainly , the mere act of putting my works into a digital locker should n't give a company the right to usurp my copyright : copyright protects authorship , not assembling electronics in Pacific Rim sweatshops .
Only 46 of the 8,306 commenters thought otherwise .
These 46 commenters advocated replicating America 's failed experiment in Canada ; everyone else thought the idea was daft .
You'd think that with numbers like 46:8260 , the government would go with the majority , right ?
Wrong .
When minister of industry Tony Clement , and minister of heritage James Moore , published the text of their long - awaited copyright bill , Canadians were floored to discover that the ministers had replicated the American approach to digital locks .
Actually , they made it worse – the Americans conduct triennial hearings on proposed exemptions to the rule ; Moore and Clement did n't bother with even this tiny safeguard .
The ministers have been incapable of explaining the discrepancy .
When confronted on it , they inevitably point to the fact that their bill also establishes numerous " user rights " for everyday Canadians ( for example , the right to record a TV show in order to watch it later ) , and suggest that this is the " balance " that Canadians asked for .
When critics say , " Yes , you 've created some user rights , but if a digital lock prevents their exercise , it 's against the law to break the lock , right ? " the ministers squirm and change the subject .
It 's enough to leave you wondering whether the ministers understand their own bill .
Indeed , Clement recently appeared on the public broadcaster TVOntario show Search Engine and promised that his law allows journalists to break a digital lock for the purposes of investigative reporting ( according to lawyers , scholars and everyone else who 's read the bill , he 's wrong ) .
If they do n't understand their bill , perhaps it 's because they were n't really in charge of what went into it .
According to the former head of staff for minister of foreign affairs Maxime Bernier : " The prime minister 's office 's position was , move quickly , satisfy the US ; we do n't care what you do , as long as the US is satisfied . "
It 's clear the US government has made a top priority out of ensuring other countries cut their throats just as stupidly as America did with the DMCA 's digital locks rules .
Last week , the Obama administration 's newly minted IP enforcement czar , Victoria Espinel , reiterated America 's priority to use its trade muscle to force countries into adopting US - style copyright rules .
American industry is pleased by this .
A shadowy new Canadian " citizens ' group " , Balanced Copyright For Canada , looks to be the work of the big - four labels , with a membership composed of employees and executives of the labels '
Canadian subsidiaries ( the membership lists were taken offline hastily after this was publicised ) .
Moore seems to be cracking under the strain of supporting the unsupportable .
He has publicly denounced opponents of his bill as " radical extremists " ( these " extremists " include the Canadian Bookseller Association , the Retail Council of Canada , the Canadian Library Association , the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada and MPs from all the other parties ) .
He then denied having made the remarks , blocked voters from following him on Twitter when they asked him about it , and has remained silent on the subject since videos of him making the remarks surfaced .
So , Britain , rejoice .
It 's not just our government that can be bullied into voting against the public interest by big content 's power - brokers – Canada 's just as weak and pitiful .
LAKE JACKSON , Texas -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) Congressman Ron Paul has endorsed Republican Van Irion for United States Congress from the 3rd district of Tennessee .
Said Dr. Paul , " I am proud to endorse Van Irion for United States Congress .
" Van Irion will do the work to fight for lower taxes and spending and for more freedom in Washington .
We need people like Van voting with me in Congress .
" Van Irion is a dynamic leader who understands our Constitution and will fight against out - of - control government to restore our Liberty .
Van has the courage to stand up against the bailouts and government takeovers being forced down our throats by Washington insiders .
" I have been particularly impressed by Van 's leadership in the fight against Obamacare .
Van Irion understands that Americans deserve more freedom , not less , in our healthcare system and is using his skills and good name to fight back .
We should all be proud of his fine work .
" The American people need more than just another vote .
We need a man of principle who will always stand up for what is right .
We need a citizen politician who will represent US .
Van Irion is just that kind of individual . "
Said Liberty PAC director Jesse Benton , " We believe that Van Irion is the best candidate in this race and is best poised to win in both the primary and general elections .
We hope the people of Tennessee will send this fine conservative leader to Washington at a time when he is sorely needed . "
Liberty PAC is Congressman Paul 's leadership Political Action Committee .
Its mission is to identify and support candidates that believe in Liberty , limited government , fiscal responsibility and a common sense , pro-America foreign policy .
Source : Liberty PAC
I did gone make a Jareth off of Labyrinth T - Shirt .
The hair is frickin GOLDEN .
Canada ’s Mounties have been quietly running an investigation into US and Syrian officials linked to the arrest and deportation of a Canadian citizen who was tortured in a Syrian prison , and could lay criminal charges in the matter , sources report .
The news comes the same day that the US Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal brought by Maher Arar , a Syrian - born Canadian engineer who was detained at New York ’s JFK Airport in 2002 on suspicion of terrorist links and flown to Syria , where he was tortured for the better part of a year .
ADVERTISEMENT
A long and expensive inquiry into the matter held by the Canadian government exonerated Arar , finding that Canadian officials had given US authorities incorrect information linking Arar to terrorism .
In 2007 Prime Minister Stephen Harper apologized to Arar and offered him a $ 10.5 million settlement .
Now the Royal Canadian Mounted Police has set its sights on the US officials responsible for sending Arar to be tortured in Syria , a country that is not on friendly terms with the US .
The investigation is “ unprecedented , ” reports the Toronto Star .
The Star reports :
Code - named Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Project Prism , Ã¢â‚¬Â the four - member RCMP probe was first disclosed by the Toronto Star last December .
It was thought then to be focused mainly on the actions of Canadian government officials in the Arar rendition saga .
But ArarÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s lawyers now say the Mounties are looking foremost to Syria and the United States for the missing pieces to the Arar puzzle , which already was the subject of an exhaustive Canadian inquiry that ended in full exoneration for Arar , including a public apology from Ottawa and $ 10 million in damages .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The US should be conducting its own criminal investigation of the officials responsible for sending an innocent man to Syria for a year to be interrogated under torture , not covering for them , ” attorney Maria LaHood of the Center for Constitutional Rights said in a statement .
“ Again , the Canadians are doing the right thing by criminally investigating not only Syrian officials , but officials from the US as well .
The Obama administration should look to the Canadian example and do what ’s right – apologize to Maher and hold his torturers accountable .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
ADVERTISEMENT
But the refusal by the Supreme Court to take up the case means Arar ’s last legal avenue in the US is closed in a decision that could impact similar cases .
“ Today ’s decision eliminates my last bit of hope in the judicial system of the United States , ” Arar said in a statement .
“ When it comes to ‘ national security ’ matters the judicial system has willingly abandoned its sacred role of ensuring that no one is above the law , ” he alleged .
ADVERTISEMENT
The system of secret renditions , under which terror suspects were sent to third countries for tough interrogations outside the US legal system , was developed under the former administration of president George W. Bush .
The practice was halted by the current administration of President Barack Obama .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arar ’s lawyer David Cole said “ the courts have regrettably refused to right the egregious wrong done to Maher Arar .
“ But the courts have never questioned that a wrong was done .
They have simply said that it is up to the political branches to fashion a remedy .
“ We are deeply disappointed that the courts have shirked their responsibility , ” Cole stressed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Influential senator Patrick Leahy meanwhile said he was disappointed , noting that “ the United States ’ secret rendition of Maher Arar to Syria , where he was tortured for nearly a year , remains a stain on this nation ’s legacy as a human rights leader around the world . ”
— With reporting from AFP
We have n’t posted much stuff up from Everything Everything since their appearance on the Longlist for the BBC ’s Sound of 2010 competition , but I have a feeling that is going to change very soon , starting today .
Back in December we featured one of their breakout tunes My Keys , Your Boyfriend , which was one of my favourite songs from them .
Since then things have changed , now the track has been re-branded as MY KZ , UR BF and they have been lucky enough to get a remix from one of my favourite artists out there right now Clock Opera .
They did a fantastic remix of Marina & the Diamond ’s recent single I Am Not A Robot , and now they have smashed out another with this excellent new track .
Oh , and look out for Everything Everything ’s new album Man Alive which drops in August .
Everything Everything – MY KZ , UR BF ( Clock Opera Remix )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Thanks to Neon Gold .
AFP
Former champion Jelena Ostapenko swept second seed Karolina Pliskova out of Roland Garros on Thursday as Novak Djokovic set his sights on a 70th career win in the French capital .
Online community may send Thomas flowers again
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ Veteran 89 - year - old White House correspondent , Helen Thomas , who covered every president from John Kennedy to Barack Obama , retired Monday amid a storm over explosive remarks about Israel .
Thomas , a daughter of Lebanese immigrants , who blazed a trail for female reporters covering US politics , ended her career after apologizing for saying last month that Israel should “ get the hell out of Palestine . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
NBC Washington reports that her “ decision to retire in the wake of her controversial remarks about Israel was not the result of outside pressure , ” according to agent Diane Nine , “ who dropped Thomas from her agency early this week but said she remains friends with the news vet . ”
“ HelenÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s family has been with her , and she is continuing to live her life , ” Nine told NBC Washington .
“ I do know that her decision to retire was her own . ”
The article , written by NBC Washington ’s Janet Donovan , quotes Nine as saying that Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å “ [ p ] eople who care about Helen should show her they care — and they will .
She has more friends than anyone I know . ”
In 2008 , after Thomas grilled the White House over torture , 400 contributors in an online campaign sent her flowers .
ADVERTISEMENT
A new thread on a popular user - generated news links site suggests , “ Remember when Reddit sent Helen Thomas flowers ?
Let us do it again . = D. ” The thread has over 400 votes and 112 comments .
A more popular Reddit thread , though , is “ Fuck everyone hating on Helen Thomas .
She ’s the grandma of the nation , and even though Grandma says some fucked up shit , she ’s still got a good soul . ”
NBC Washington adds , “ Thomas ’ former agent also said she does n’t believe the recent remarks will tarnish Thomas ’ illustrious career . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Nine told NBC Washington , “ I still believe HelenÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s real legacy will be her incredible , long career peppering presidents with tough questions — and trying to get the truth to the public . …
In addition , she has broken barriers for women to make the world a better place for my generation , and all those that follow . ”
Thomas , a daughter of Lebanese immigrants , who blazed a trail for female reporters covering US politics , ended her career after apologizing for saying last month that Israel should “ get the hell out of Palestine . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Her honorary center front - row seat at the White House briefing room was poignantly empty on Monday , as she became a story herself after half - a- century of sharply holding presidents and press secretaries to account .
The retirement of Thomas , the longest - serving White House reporter , was announced by Hearst Corp. , where she worked as a newspaper columnist after spending most of her career with United Press International ( UPI ) .
“ Helen Thomas announced Monday that she is retiring , effective immediately , ” Hearst News Service said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomas had spent the weekend in the eye of a political firestorm , over remarks she made about Israel during a May 27 “ Jewish Heritage Celebration ” at the White House , which surfaced last week in a YouTube video .
Asked at the event by the website RabbiLive.com whether she had any “ comments on Israel , ” Thomas replied : “ Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine .
“ Remember these people are occupied and it ’s their land , not German and not Poland , ” Thomas said .
“ They can go home , Poland , Germany , and America and everywhere else . ”
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs on Monday described the remarks as “ offensive and reprehensible ” and Thomas issued an apology on her website , HelenThomas.org .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I deeply regret my comments I made last week regarding the Israelis and the Palestinians , ” she said .
“ They do not reflect my heart - felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance .
May that day come soon , ” Thomas said .
The White House Correspondent ’s Association ( WHCA ) board said Monday that Thomas ’s comments were “ indefensible . ”
“ Many in our profession who have known Helen for years were saddened by the comments , which were especially unfortunate in light of her role as a trailblazer on the White House beat , ” the board said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The board noted Thomas was not currently a member of the association and said “ the incident does revive the issue of whether it is appropriate for an opinion columnist to have a front row seat in the briefing room . ”
Thomas had been scheduled to deliver a June 14 graduation address at Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda , Maryland , outside Washington , but the school said Sunday it had cancelled her appearance .
“ Graduation celebrations are not the venue for divisiveness , ” Whitman principal Alan Goodwin said in an email to parents at the school .
“ Graduation is the time for a cohesive and joyous celebration of our students ’ achievements ; other forums exist for discussions of political issues , ” Goodwin said .
Thomas posed what now seems likely to be her final question to a US president — Obama , during a news conference in the East Room at the White House on May 27 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Mr President , when are you going to get out of Afghanistan ?
Why are we continuing to kill and die there ?
What is the real excuse ?
And do n’t give us this Bushism , ‘ if we do n’t go there , they ’ll all come here . ' ”
Thomas , who won multiple journalism awards and was awarded a string of honorary degrees , arrived at the White House in 1960 , after covering Kennedy ’s campaign and traveled the world following subsequent presidents .
Her latest book “ Listen Up Mr President ” was published in 2009 .
( with AFP report )
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 8 May 2010
Data matters .
We use it to understand what has already happened in the world , and we use it to make decisions about what to do next .
But in among the graphics and electoral cock - ups lies a terrible truth : a small army of amateur enthusiasts are doing a better job of collecting and disseminating basic political data than the state has managed .
Chris Taggart blogs at CountCulture and was baffled to discover that there is no central or open record of the results from local elections in the UK .
If you go to the Electoral Commission ’s website , they pass the buck to the BBC , where you can find seat numbers for each area , but no record of how many votes were cast for each candidate .
Plymouth University holds an unofficial database of these results , and they pay people to type every single one of them in , painstakingly and by hand .
After all that they charge for access , which is perfectly understandable .
So for democracy , open analysis , and public record , it might as well not exist .
“ Want to look back at how people voted in your local council elections over the past 10 years ? ” asks Chris : “ Tough .
Want to compare turnout between different areas , and different periods ?
No can do .
Want an easy way to see how close the election was last time , and how much your vote might make a difference ?
Forget it . ”
Like so many data problems , all that ’s needed is a tiny tweak : all this information is known to someone , somewhere , and it ’s all been typed in , several times over , in several places , local websites , newspapers , and so on .
Chris is pushing a simple solution , that is common throughout IT : a standard set of invisible tags on all local authority results webpages , so that the electoral results data can be consistently read and understood by computers , and collated for analysis by anyone who wants it .
It costs nothing , it ’s already compulsory for public consultation data , and Chris is making genuine headway , pushing his simple idea , to solve a huge problem , not because it ’s his job , in some dismal quango , but for a laugh .
Until the StraightChoice was set up by idealistic nerds , nobody kept a record of the election materials which are distributed to the public across the country .
Anyone could send them in , by simply sending an image , and Julian Todd now has an archive which political librarians would cry for , and it betrays many crimes .
There are the inevitable dodgy graphs , with parties using playfully distorted axes , and even European and local council election figures where it suited them ( a Conservative leaflet in Holborn and St Pancras demotes the Lib Dems from their actual second place to third , and so on ) .
They want a system where copies of every leaflet are formally sent to the website of the Electoral Commission , like with copyright libraries , and regulations which areenforced to forbid graphs which mislead tactical voters .
But beside the evidence of sneakiness , these volunteer projects are also generating data that provides a valuable insight into how politics works , on a par with the kinds of stuff you ’d find on UKDA , the UK Data Archive for academics .
StraightChoice , for example , has found a huge variation in activity , from a single leaflet in one safe Liverpool seat to 51 in the nearby marginal Liverpool Wavertree .
And what about policies ?
Francis Irving is one of the founders of MySociety , a charity set up to facilitate public engagement with democracy through nerdy solutions .
They built TheyWorkForYou , which tells you more about parliamentary activity than Hansard , using the same dataset , but using it properly .
“ Would n’t it be nice ” he asks : “ to have structured data on what the candidates think on a series of local and national issues ? ”
Neither academics , nor parties , nor the media have achieved this : but 6000 activists around the country have worked on an incredibly complicated crowd sourcing operation built around Democracy Club , again set up by two volunteers , Seb Bacon and Tim Green .
With the help of mySociety , they populated the YourNextMP database of candidates , itself the baby of another volunteer , Edmund von der Burg .
This data is now freely available , a resource for any political theorist or technically capable adolescent , right down to its rawest form .
Data is the fabric of our lives , and everywhere around us : but to be analysed , so it can generate new knowledge and understanding , it must be coralled into one place .
In an ideal world , these empty frameworks would be built by national institutions : until they wake up , we have our nerds .
Image caption Donuts ( donas ) , tortas , tostadas and nachos - at Lidia 's coffee shop
Spanish can be heard on the streets of almost any major American city these days , as Hispanic immigrants mingle with the English - speaking majority .
But an increasing number , particularly children who 've been through US schools , are bilingual .
Very often they switch between languages within a single sentence , or borrow English words and put them into Spanish , making a hybrid known as Spanglish .
This group is now too big for media organisations and advertisers to ignore .
New ways of broadcasting and marketing products are being developed to target them .
" I talk Spanish at home , except with my brothers , with them I speak English , " says Adriana , a teenager at Bell High School in East Los Angeles , California .
" I listen to rock , but my dad is into the more traditional Mexican rancheras . "
Like Adriana , many second generation Hispanics constantly navigate between two worlds and two languages : the English in which they learn at school and socialise , and the Spanish they speak at home with their parents .
Four out of five second - generation immigrant children speak English fluently , but the same proportion are also fluent in Spanish .
Seven out of 10 confess to using Spanglish .
" Por ejemplo , I 'm talking with my friends and sometimes Spanish gets mixed in with the English and you 're like , hey , como estas , I saw you the other day … " says Ilyn , a 15 - year - old , explaining how it works .
If you hear someone talking about " going out to hanguear ( hang out ) at the mol ( mall ) " , that 's Spanglish .
So is " emailear " , " sexapil " and " hora de lonche " ( lunch hour ) .
Some sentences may be entirely in English , apart from one phrase in Spanish - or completely in Spanish , with the English connector " so " in the middle .
" I would describe it as a combination of two great languages to create a new expression that is richer than just speaking English or Spanish , " says Cristina Burgos , who last year decided to write a blog in Spanglish .
" It 's a code , because if you speak Spanglish you know that someone is bilingual and that you can communicate with them on a deeper level because you share biculturalism .
It also helps to describe things in more detail , " she explains .
Cool Mexicana
The Spanglish hybrid is already filtering into some of the programmes catered specially for the second generation of Latinos , in television cable channels like MTV's MTV Tr3s and NBC's Mun2 .
Yarel Ramos , a second generation Mexican American , is the young host of a regional Mexican music videos TV show at Mun2 called " Reventon " .
On her show , she and her interviewees will constantly switch from Spanish to English without blinking an eye .
" Aqui estamos con Francisco y Sergio , and I 'm at Angel Station en el Dub Show .
Guys , how 's it going ? " she says , as she introduces guests in one of her programmes .
For Ramos , this code - switching translates to the music choice , which is regional Mexican music traditionally listened to by immigrant parents , not the US - born children .
" I listened to this music through my parents , but when I was growing up this was n't cool , because the kids I went to school with had no idea what this music was , " she says .
" But … my programme gives this music a young vibe , giving the audience a different sense of this music . "
Consuming in English
Flavio Morales , executive director of Mun2 , explains that the channel originally broadcast in Spanish , but then became " English - dominant " .
" With research we came to understand this is more of a culture play than a language play , " he says .
When they enter the school system they are Spanish dominant or bilingual , but by the time they graduate from high school , they are bilingual and their preferred language is English David Morse , CEO of New American Dimensions
In other words , you can use either language with this audience , but English may get you better results .
" When they enter the school system they are Spanish dominant or bilingual , but by the time they graduate from high school , they are bilingual and their preferred language is English , " says David Morse , CEO of New American Dimensions , a marketing research company .
" This generation is an extremely important market and to a large extent is the future of the United States , " he adds .
Hispanic advertising agencies were at first reluctant to use English , but now the ads on MTV Tr3s or Mun2 are more likely to be in English or Spanglish than Spanish .
One recent marketing study into the " language fluidity and cultural dexterity " of US Hispanics even suggested that it might make sense to incorporate Spanglish in mainstream television programmes watched by large numbers of Hispanic viewers .
For Cristina Burgos , the use of Spanglish in advertising helped her to recognise that it was a legitimate use of language .
" I had always spoke Spanglish , but a few years go you were criticised for it , they told me I was lazy and could n't express myself in English nor Spanish , " she says .
" But now it is acceptable and you see it being used in TV commercials and billboards , people are n't shocked by it . "
Amherst College professor Ilan Stavans , in a book published in 2003 , compared Spanglish to jazz , the product of differing musical languages .
He also warned : " Beware : Se habla el espangles everywhere these days ! "
That 's even truer in 2010 .
( NOTE - you can click on any image to see a larger version of the view . )
Examine this map of the world by average wealth per capita based on proven oil and natural gas reserves .
Notice that the color and size legends encode the same information .
Each larger wealth group is approximately 10 x the prior group .
Countries that are prominent in this map are those likely to have very significant motivation to keep petro-energy interests at the top of our political agenda .
Unfortunately , they also tend to be countries that are fairly unstable politically for various reasons .
Canada and Norway stand out as notable exceptions to the instability issue .
It is common knowledge that there is a massive concentration of petro- wealth in the Middle East .
Less commonly known is that Eurasia is 2nd with North America and Africa tied for 3rd place .
Europe , with all the Brent Sea attention in the news , is dead last .
No wonder they are so aggressive about pursuing energy neutral buildings and towns over in Denmark !
The majority of oil wealth is concentrated in just a few countries , with 81 % of all wealth controlled by just 10 countries !
Saudi Arabia 's petro reserves alone are equivalent to 35 years of US defense expenditures or the market capitalization equivalent of three times ( 3X ) all companies on the New York Stock Exchange ( as of July , 2009 ) !
Without alternative energy systems , a massive wealth transfer will continue from more populated regions of the world to a subset of the less populated regions .
Asia will continue to be very dependent on the Middle East , Africa and Eurasia for growth to continue in the coming decades .
Thinking about a retirement@f8
In certain countries , there is no need to really think about retirement or even working very much .
While Saudi Arabia is frequently discussed due to their overall reserve size , countries like Qatar , Kuwait and UAE are so incredibly wealthy that no one will likely need to work if the government equitably shares their petro assets with the population .
What impact might such incredible wealth concentrations have on political lobbying efforts , wars and sentiment toward these countries@f9
Even the 3rd richest per capita country in petro- wealth , UAE , has a wealthier lower class ( assuming the citizens receive 50 % or so of the wealth value ) than the top 5 % of wealthiest Americans , absolutely amazing !
See Rich - o - Meter 2.0 at the WSJ for Americans wealth by percentile ranking .
Interesting Metrics Used in this Article
Total Current Value of Oil and Gas Reserves — instead of discussing barrels of oil and cubic feet of gas , this presentation focuses on the economic value of proven oil and natural gas reserves based on current market prices as of September , 2009 .
Oil and Gas Reserves Value per Citizen - dollars of wealth per capita based on proven oil and natural gas reserves based on current market prices as of September , 2009 .
Data Notes
Valuations ignore cost of extraction and transport of assets to buyer .
This is typically 10 - 30 % of the value of the oil and gas reserves .
World oil reserves are in a significant state of decline .
See the poorly captioned article in the NY Times , " Oil Industry Sets a Brisk Pace of New Discoveries " which highlights the 10 - 20 billion barrels of oil discovered each year over the past 9 years .
Unfortunately , world consumption of oil has outstripped these " brisk paces " of new finds by 100 - 200 % per year .
Current world consumption of oil is near 31 billion barrels of oil , which is pointed out in the article .
Many countries have " maintained " very stable reserves despite massive consumption of resources with no significant finds for many years .
OPEC countries in particular have a strong incentive to overstate reserves as this determines how much oil they are permitted to sell on an annual basis .
Data sources include EIA ( US DOE ) and US Census Bureau .
All values are based on data for years 2007 or 2009 .
About Metrics to Inform
Public debate often focuses on very simple metrics to explain topics of great importance in public life .
In the " Metrics to Inform " series , Freakalytics shows how careful selection of relevant metrics can greatly enhance understanding of important issues .
Eileen and I frequently discuss recurring problems with the simplistic metrics and analyses used in the news ( similar problems also exist at many companies ! )
We hope that you will find this series useful both in your understanding of critical public issues and expanding your thinking about business metrics in a fresh , new light .
[ Post - Bottom - 1 ] [ Mail - Chimp - Signup ] [ Post - Bottom - 2 ]
A study that appears in the current edition of PLoS
One suggests that organic pesticides are not necessarily synonymous with " green " pesticides .
Environmental science researchers from the University of Guelph examined the effectiveness and environmental impact of two conventional pesticides , two " risk - reduced " synthetic pesticides , and two organic pesticides on soybean crops .
To quantify the consequences of using each pesticide , the researchers relied on a database of environmental impact quotients that rank the active ingredients based on such factors as leaching rate into soil , runoff , toxicity from skin exposure , consumer risk , toxicity to birds and fish , and duration of the chemical in the soil and on plants .
In addition , they carried out two years of field tests to determine how well each pesticide worked at killing aphids , the intended target , while leaving the aphid 's natural predators , such as ladybugs , unharmed .
The conventional synthetic pesticides were Matador 120E ® and Lagon 480® , both neurotoxins ; the " risk - reduced " synthetic pesticides were Movento® and Beleaf® , a fatty acid biosynthesis inhibitor and a neurotoxin , respectively .
The organic pesticides examined in the study were Superior 70 oil® , a mineral oil that is meant to smother the aphids , and Botanigard® , a fungus that is meant to infect and kill insects .
On a per-weight basis , all six of the pesticides had similar environmental impact factors ( ranging from 8.7 to 47.2 ) with the organic variants being in the bottom half of this ranking .
When the data was converted into the environmental impact on a field use basis ( pounds needed per acre ) , the organic pesticides did not fare so well .
The mineral oil had by far the largest environmental impact factor , a whopping 280.2 rating ; the next most damaging pesticide only garnered a 12.5 environmental impact factor .
The fungus did better , but still ranked fourth out of six in terms of least environmental impact .
The authors conclude that , when compared to synthetic pesticides , the organic variants were not as effective because they also killed off a large number of the aphid 's natural predators .
The paper cautions that those seeking to be kind to the environment should not fall for the simplistic belief that organic is environmentally friendly — a comprehensive review of pesticides is needed to determine which is truly best for a given use .
" The consumer demand for organic products is increasing partly because of a concern for the environment , " said one author , Rebecca Hallett .
" But it 's too simplistic to say that because it 's organic it 's better for the environment . [...]
It 's a simplification that just does n't work when it comes to minimizing environmental impact . "
PLoS One , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0011250
Solutions To Mathematics Textbooks
This wikibook aims to provide many solutions and explanations to questions and assignments posed in mathematics textbooks .
Few mathematics textbooks ( especially towards university / college level mathematics ) have the complete set of solutions available , often favouring answers to selected problems , or perhaps odd or even numbered questions exclusively .
Even where answers are provided , they may be succinct in order to save printed space .
Convention [ edit ]
New pages devoted to an entire book should take the following naming convention ( note the leading slash , which makes each page of this book a subpage of this one ) :
/ Book Title ( edition ) ( ISBN )
For instance :
/ Calculus ( 3rd ) ( 0521867444 )
If there is not an edition number , omit it .
The ISBN and name must appear , however .
Please refer to the books below for some more examples .
Below the book level , this wikibook follows the structure of :
Book Title ( edition ) ( ISBN ) / Chapter number / Section number
For instance :
/ Basic Mathematics ( 0387967877 ) / Chapter 5/Section 2
Naturally , this is open to interpretation .
Some books may have a handful of chapter exercises with no subsections , in which case the solutions will fit nicely in the Chapter page .
Other books may have chapters divided into a series of subchapters or sections with individual exercises , and may benefit from a deeper structure .
Other advice [ edit ]
Existing solutions [ edit ]
If one produces solutions to a book problem that contains the answer already , there is nothing wrong with providing the solutions again in these pages .
In fact , it is encouraged that you expand on the original answer provided in a book , particularily if you feel the solution or proof is not sufficiently clear .
Many books , in the interest in saving space , may provide the end result of a calculation with no indication on how to arrive at the answer .
Editions [ edit ]
It is likely that subsequent editions of books contain almost the same solutions .
Should you wish to provide solutions to a particular edition , check to see if the answer has been provided in a subsequent edition first .
Formatting [ edit ]
Please use LaTeX to format these guides .
You may find it easier to use the following for lines of math : \ begin{array} .... \end{array} line 1 = something , line 2 = something else line 3 = whatever {\displaystyle {\begin{array}{l}{\text{line }}1={\text{something ,}}\\{\text{line }}2={\text {something else}}\\{\text{line }}3={\text{whatever}}\end{array}}}
Just snap off the corners and this business card can be used as a mass storage device .
Well sort of .
The tab left over has four traces on the back to make it USB compatible .
The PIC 24FJ64GB002 microcontroller on the card registers as a storage device and launches [ Ramiro ’s ] resume and a cover letter loaded as an HTML file .
He ’s made it as useful as possible by including access to the SPI and I2C bus connections but he ’s also included some firmware to act as a data logger or an oscilloscope .
At about 5 euros a piece you wo n’t be distributing these willy - nilly but it ’s not too much more than handing out breakout boards with your name all over them .
next 100 countries combined .
The chart above shows monthly shipping volume ( TEUs = twenty - foot equivalent units , data here ) at the Port of Seattle ( America 's 10th largest port , and third largest port on the West Coast ) .
As might be expected , shipping at the Seattle port is dominated by trade with China , to the extent that more than half ( 56 % ) of the shipping volume ( by dollar amount ) is with China , and the almost $ 19 billion of shipping with China in 2009 was more than the value of shipping with the
Shipping volume for May ( 198,175 TEUs ) was 57.4 % above last year 's shipping in May , and this follows year - to - year increases of 57.2 % in April , 39.4 % in March , 48.2 % in February and 21.7 % in January .
Year - to - date , shipping volume at the Seattle port in 2010 is above last year by 44.3 % .
At this pace , annual Seattle shipping in 2010 will likely exceed both last year 's shipping volume of 1.58 million TEUs and the 1.7 million TEUs in 2008 .
The federal government is now $ 13 trillion in the red , the Treasury Department reported Wednesday , marking the first time the government has sunk that far into debt and putting a sharp point on the spending debate on Capitol Hill .
Calculated down to the exact penny , the debt totaled $ 13,050,826,460,886.97 as of Tuesday , leaping nearly $ 60 billion since Friday , the previous day for which figures were released .
At $ 13 trillion , that figure has risen by $ 2.4 trillion in about 500 days since President Obama took office , or an average of $ 4.9 billion a day .
That ’s almost three times the daily average of $ 1.7 billion under the previous administration , and led Republicans on Wednesday to place blame squarely at the feet of Mr. Obama and his fellow Democrats .
“ A $ 13 trillion debt is an alarm bell and a wake - up call combined , but Democrats are not even trying to pass a budget , ” said House Minority Leader John A. Boehner , Ohio Republican .
“ How out of touch can Washington Democrats get ?
Instead of continuing to pay lip service to this issue , President Obama should call on congressional Democrats to pass a budget that provides the fiscal discipline economists say is needed to create jobs and grow our economy . ”
The White House would not comment for the record , but an official speaking on the condition of anonymity said the administration is “ committed to restoring fiscal responsibility . ”
Spokesmen for the Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate budget committees did n’t return messages Wednesday .
In the budget he submitted to Congress in February , the president acknowledged that his plans are not enough to reduce annual deficits to sustainable levels , which he said amounted to a yearly shortfall of 3 percent of gross domestic product .
Mr. Obama called for a fiscal commission to make recommendations to close the gap , and commission members at their meeting last week said even that may not be enough .
“ I think we ’ve got to be more ambitious than that , ” said Alice Rivlin , former director of the Congressional Budget Office .
“ We really have to pick a trajectory that has the debt coming down .
And there ’s probably no magic of whether it comes down 1 percent a year or 2 percent a year or whatever .
But it ’s got to come down over time . ”
Underscoring the challenge of finding balance , Congress has not been able to pass a fiscal 2011 budget .
The Senate Budget Committee has approved a proposed budget , but it has not been debated on the Senate floor , and House Democratic leaders have indicated that they may give up debt reduction altogether this year .
Several unofficial debt clocks had shown the debt crossing the $ 13 trillion threshold a week ago , though Treasury said those numbers were not official .
Those clocks regularly recalibrate using Treasury numbers , but estimate growth rates in order to provide a per-second update on websites .
Treasury , meanwhile , reports numbers once a day and posts figures for the prior day .
There was no figure for Monday because it was a federal holiday .
Total public debt includes two pots of money .
One is normal government debt in the form of Treasury bills and bonds held by consumers , while the other is intragovernmental holdings , or money one part of the government borrows from another agency .
That includes money borrowed from the Social Security trust funds .
Some analysts say the key measure is not the total public debt , but the debt in the hands of consumers .
That figure stood at $ 8.573 trillion on Tuesday , having jumped nearly $ 80 billion from Friday ’s number .
By comparison , that one - day jump is well more than the $ 59 billion emergency war - spending bill that the Senate passed last week .
Mr. Obama charged the fiscal commission with finding ways to limit that number to 75 percent of gross domestic product .
The other half of the equation , intragovernmental debt to trust funds and the like , totaled $ 4.478 trillion as of Tuesday - a drop of about $ 20 billion from Friday ’s report .
The $ 13 trillion debt number is not significant other than that it ’s another milestone , but its tolling shows just how much debt has been amassed in a short time .
It took 197 days for the debt to rise from $ 12 trillion to $ 13 trillion , which is the second shortest trillion - dollar rise in history .
The fastest trillion came at the end of 2008 and early 2009 , when the Wall Street bailout created giant new obligations .
Congressional members and staffers , particularly on the Republican side , took a macabre interest as the debt flirted with $ 13 trillion all last week .
Some lawmakers even jumped the gun in putting out statements based on the unofficial debt clocks .
At $ 13 trillion , that works out to an obligation of more than $ 42,000 for every U.S. resident .
“ Throughout history , excessive debt has led to the demise of great nations , ” said Sen Tom Coburn , Oklahoma Republican .
“ This milestone should be a wake - up call for Congress .
No one will bail out America if we continue to live beyond our means . ”
Earlier this year , Congress and Mr. Obama raised the country ’s debt limit to $ 14.3 trillion , hoping it would give the government enough room to spend through the end of this year .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
RALEIGH , NC – The National Hockey League today announced that the Carolina Hurricanes will face off against a Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) opponent in an exhibition game as part of the 2010 Compuware NHL Premiere™ Challenge .
Staged by the NHL and NHLPA in cooperation with the KHL , Russia ’s top professional league , the Hurricanes will play against SKA St. Petersburg at Ledovy Arena in St. Petersburg , Russia , on Oct. 4 . SKA St. Petersburg plays in the Bobrov Division of the KHL’s Western Conference .
The Phoenix Coyotes will also play an exhibition game against a KHL opponent , facing Dinamo Riga at Arena Riga in Riga , Latvia , on Wednesday , Oct. 6 . This marks the first time in 20 years that the NHL returns to Russia or Latvia for exhibition games .
In September 1989 , the Washington Capitals and Calgary Flames conducted a pre-season tour of the Soviet Union which included four games against Soviet National League clubs .
Games were played in Moscow , Leningrad , Kiev and Riga .
The NHL clubs finished with a combined 6 - 2 record against the top Soviet teams , including the Red Army club and Dynamo Moscow .
In Sept. 1990 , the Montreal Canadiens joined the Minnesota North Stars in traveling to the Soviet Union for the “ Friendship Tour 90 . ”
Again , games were played in Moscow , Leningrad , Kiev and Riga , and again they were enthusiastically greeted by the Soviet public .
However , this time the Soviet National League teams proved to be stronger , finishing with a 5 - 3 record against their NHL counterparts .
Following the exhibition game in St. Petersburg , the Hurricanes will open their 2010 - 11 NHL regular season by playing the Minnesota Wild in two games at Helsinki ’s Hartwall Arena , Thursday , Oct. 7 and Friday , Oct. 8 .
Since the second world war , the use of rape as a weapon of war has assumed strategic importance , and is now a deliberate military strategy , argue researchers in an editorial published in the British Medical Journal today .
The effects of rape and sexual violence during war also extend beyond individual victims and are economically , physically , psychologically , and culturally devastating for families and communities , say authors Coleen Kivlahan , volunteer forensic physician for HealthRight International , and Nate Ewigman from the University of Florida .
For example , in recent conflicts , rape has been used as a reward for victory in battle , a boost to troop morale , as punishment and humiliation for both men and women , to incite revenge in opposing troops , to eliminate or " cleanse " religious or political groups , and to destabilise entire communities by creating terror .
A study in the Democratic Republic of the Congo found that 16,000 rapes occurred in 2008 alone , and in South Kivu province , health centres estimate that 40 women were raped in the region daily .
In the United Kingdom , 50 - 70 % of female asylum applicants were raped , witnessed rape , or have a credible fear of rape .
Geographical , cultural , religious , political , legal , and behavioural conditions affect the likelihood of the systematic use of rape , explain the authors .
For instance , geographically remote locations allow perpetrators to rape with impunity , while the likelihood that women will be raped , shamed , and isolated is increased in cultures with strong traditions regarding virginity , marital fidelity , and genital cleanliness .
Religions with strong beliefs about appropriate female clothing and behaviour also increase the risk that women will be falsely accused of adultery and raped as humiliation and punishment , they add .
The effects of rape and sexual torture on survivors are economically , physically , psychologically , and culturally devastating .
They also extend to the family and community .
The international community has mounted a considerable response to the use of rape as a weapon of war , but the authors argue that rape during armed conflict is not simply about military personnel , police , or terrorists .
For example , before 2004 , rape assailants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo were primarily affiliated with the military ; however , after 2004 , civilian rapes increased 17 - fold while rapes by armed combatants decreased by 77 % .
" This pattern suggests a disturbing acceptance of rape among civilians , " they conclude .
" Rape is the result of the lack of dedicated societal attention to the safety , respect , and prosperity of women in peace time , as well as in war . "
Explore further Experiences of rape unique to Rwandan women survivors of genocide
" Runnning in the Heat ; Respect Your Body , Respect the Heat "
by Mindy Solkin
HEAT INDEX CHART
Apparent
Temperature Heat Stress Risk with Physical Activity
and / or Prolonged Exposure 90° - 105°
Heat cramps or heat exhaustion possible 105° - 130° Heat cramps or heat exhaustion likely Heatstroke possible 130° +
Heatstroke highly likely
Of all the adversities that runners and marathoners face , heat is the number one offender .
This is because it can bring on two conditions that can negatively affect your performance …
Overheating and Dehydration .
Overheating is the result of inadequate cooling ; when the body cannot keep up with the demands of evaporation of water from your skin .
When the body heats up internally , it starts to sweat and sends more blood to the skin where it is cooled by coming into contact with the relatively cooler skin .
However , while running , your body 's demand for oxygen to the muscles means less blood will flow to the skin and this is when overheating occurs .
And thus begins the tug - of - war within your body , especially if you want to keep up a certain pace .
Either the blood ( and oxygen ) goes to your muscles to keep up with the pace demands and you start to overheat because less blood is going to the skin for cooling - OR - the blood goes to the skin for cooling , but less blood goes to your working muscles meaning you 'll be forced slow down .
Dehydration is the process of losing fluid from the body , in this case through sweat .
As you sweat you lose water and electrolytes .
That 's why drinking a sports drink containing electrolytes , as well as water , is so important .
Because running in the heat exacerbates both overheating and dehydration , it is important to take precautions when running in the heat .
PRECAUTIONS FOR RUNNING IN THE HEAT
1 ) It takes approximately two weeks of consistent running in the heat and humidity to acclimate to warmer conditions .
2 ) Remember that thirst is not an indicator of dehydration .
Once you are thirsty , you are already low on fluids .
Indications of dehydration are an elevated heart rate during and after your run and dark , golden - colored urine .
After your run , keep drinking fluids until your urine is clear .
3 ) During your run , drink about 4 to 8 ounces of water and / or sports drink every 15 to 20 minutes .
4 ) Weigh yourself before and after your run .
Drink 16 ounces of fluid for every pound of weight lost .
* Important note here ... do not use this as a method of weight loss !
5 ) Apply a sunscreen of at least SPF # 15 .
Make sure that it is a non -drip formula that wo n't drip into your eyes .
6 ) Wear sunglasses that filter UVA and UVB rays and / or wear a cap with a visor .
7 ) Wear light - colored micro-fiber clothing .
8 ) Run when your shadow is taller than you are , and when the sun is not high in the sky .
If you run in the morning , you 'll avoid the heat , but may encounter a higher humidity .
The air quality is also better in the morning , since ozone levels increase soon after dawn , peak at midday , and then again in the early evening .
Times to avoid running are noon till 3 pm .
9 ) Eat salty foods and drinks such as pretzels and tomato juice .
10 ) Check the Heat Index Chart for apparent temperature .
This is the number that calculates the air temperature with the relative humidity to determine what the temperature feels like and if there is a risk of a heat - related illness .
SIGNS OF HEAT - RELATED ILLNESS
1 ) HEAT CRAMPS
Causes : Loss of electrolytes and accumulation of lactic acid in the muscles .
Conditions : Muscle cramps and / or spasms , heavy sweating , normal body temperature .
Treatment : Drink water and sports drink , slow down , massage affected area .
2 ) HEAT EXHAUSTION
Causes : Intense exercise in a hot , humid condition and loss of electrolytes .
Conditions : Profuse sweating , possible drop in blood pressure ( less than 90 systolic , the top number ) , normal or slightly elevated body temperature , lightheadedness , nausea , vomiting , decreased coordination , possible fainting .
Treatment : Rest in a cool place , drink water and sports drink , if BP drops below 90 systolic , call EMS , avoid activity for at least 24 hours , refrain from running or exercising in the heat for at least one week .
3 ) HEAT STROKE
This is a medical emergency !
Causes :
Intense exercise in a hot , humid condition , older age , dehydration , obesity , wearing heavy clothing , running in the heat when you have an infection or fever , certain drugs such as amphetamines , diuretics , beta blockers , cardiovascular disease , poor acclimatization , high blood pressure .
Conditions :
High body temperature ( 106 or higher ) , lack of sweating characterized by dry , red skin , altered consciousness .
Treatment : Call EMS !
Rest in a cool place , remove clothing to expose skin to air , apply ice packs or cool water to groin , underarms , neck ( stop if shivering ) .
Mindy Solkin is the Owner and Head Coach of The Running Center TM .
She is certified by USA Track & Field ( USATF ) as a Level III Running Coach ( the highest level ) and by the American Council on Exercise ( ACE ) as a personal trainer .
Known as " Coach Mindy " to her runners , she has coached thousands of people over the past ten years , helping them to achieve their goals on the open roads and the winding trail , whether it is running their first mile or pursuing their personal best in the marathon .
Mindy was the creator of the Leukemia - Lymphoma Society 's Team In Training marathon program in New York City and served as its Head Coach from 1994 through 2001 .
From 1995 through 2002 training over 3,000 runners to run marathons in cities around the world , Mindy was the Head Coach at Reebok Sports Club / NY .
She is also the creator of the Polar Heart Bra® and has been a PowerBar® Team Elite athlete since 1994 .
She can be reached at www.TheRunningCenter.com.
Rafael Quispe is gearing up for his trip .
He packs a small leather bag , puts on his black poncho , an alpaca scarf sporting the rainbow - coloured , chequered Andean indigenous flag and his black hat .
" This will be an important gathering , a very important gathering .
It is about saving our Mother Earth , about saving nature , " he says .
Quispe , an Aymara indigenous leader , is heading for Bolivia 's central city of Cochabamba for the World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth , the grassroots alternative to last year 's ill - fated UN talks in Copenhagen .
At least 15,000 people from worldwide indigenous movements and civil - society groups , as well as presidents , scientists , activists and observers from 90 governments , are expected to attend what is being called the " Woodstock " of climate change summits .
" According to some analyses , about 80 % of the world 's pollution comes from developed nations and harms , mostly , developing nations .
So we feel we have to do something , we must be heard , we must be compensated , " says Quispe , who last December lobbied the case of his community at Copenhagen .
" The COP15 was a total failure , so brother President Evo Morales has decided to call for this climate change conference to do something about it .
We the people are the ones that should take the lead on how to tackle the climate crisis , " says Quispe .
Even if the Cochabamba meeting will have no bearing on the UN climate talks , the idea is to give a voice to the world 's poorest people – those most affected by climate change – and to make governments more aware of their plight .
The main goal is to present draft proposals to the UN climate meeting due to be held in Mexico later this year .
Morales will also use the meeting to announce what could be the world 's largest referendum , with up to 2 billion people being asked to vote on ways out of the climate crisis .
Bolivia wants to create a UN charter of rights and to draft an action plan to set up an international climate justice tribunal .
" The only way to get climate negotiations back on track , not just for Bolivia or other countries , but for all of life , biodiversity , our Mother Earth , is to put civil society back into the process .
The only thing that can save mankind from a [ climate ] tragedy is the exercise of global democracy , " said Bolivia 's UN ambassador , Pablo Solon .
" There will be no secret discussions behind closed doors .
The debate and the proposals will be led by communities on the frontlines of climate change and by organisations and individuals from civil society dedicated to tackling the climate crisis , " he added .
Bolivia is playing an increasingly important role in the climate negotiations by leading attempts to force developed countries to slash their emissions further than they have so far pledged .
It was one of seven countries that refused to sign up to the deal that emerged from Copenhagen , incurring the wrath of Britain and the US , which this month withdrew $ 3.5 m ( £ 2.3 m ) of climate aid from Bolivia .
Last April , the UN general assembly approved Morales ' initiative of launching the International Mother Earth Day every 22 April to protect the rights of the Andean divinity , Pachamama ( Mother Earth ) , and of " all living beings " .
" What is behind all this discussion is that we have broken the harmony with Mother Earth , with nature , and because we have broken that harmony we are now suffering the consequences of climate change , " said Solon .
In an office plastered with images of Che Guevara , Solon says Bolivia is taking the initiative because of its indigenous constituency .
" Things are moving in a bad direction .
Governments know it , scientists know it , but things are not changing .
I would say this is the only scenario to make a balance between the pressure that at this moment the corporations are putting on governments , versus the pressure that can emerge from civil society . "
In one of the most difficult Shooting Challenges yet , you were asked to not only paint with light , but paint forms and figures that were actually interacting with or modifying a human subject .
The results were so , so , so cool .
Advertisement
Shooting Challenge : Body ( Light ) Painting Light painting ... a body .
This idea may sound a bit esoteric at first , but hear me out and I can …
Read more
Lead Shot - Star Child
Out of all the shots I tried , this one was my son's idea and came out pretty good .
Using one of their LED swards that changes colors .
Using a Canon 7D with the 18 -135 lens .
ISO 400 , f16 with 15 second shutter .
No Photoshop processing other than sizing .
[ Ed note : It 's as if he 's coming through a portal . ]
- Brandon Flowers
Advertisement
Touched By an Angel , The New Batch
We 're located in Hilo , Hawaii , so we try to have a wide variety of backgrounds , from tropical forests to urban / industrial buildings .
We use a Canon 40d camera , with a Sigma 50 mm 1:1.4 lens , and use long exposures and a crew of friends to try different shots .
The photo was taken with a 32 second exposure , at 1.6 and iso 100 .
We aim to depict colors and lights towards movie , comic , and video game references .
This shot was inspired by the ideas of urban angels as well as the comic book " Constantine . "
We took the shot in a flood canal off a forest road a few nights ago , and were trying to outline the graffiti or find the best ones for a good background while torching our models with flashes and making them stand still in with cars headlights ruining shots and causing a lot of respawns .
- Kelsey Ito
Smoking Will Always Make People Look Cool
Advertisement
Canon EOS 1000D , 27s f13 @ ISO 100
A self portrait .
What 's the most practical thing you can do with a trail of fire surrounding you ?
Light it up ...
My thanks to my dear mum for her help with this shot .
- Bart Tieman
Forcefield
Advertisement
I have photographic proof ( taken with a Canon Power Shot s90 , f/2.0 , 8 second exposure at ISO 160 ) that my new Dynomorphic Tachoid Bubble Shield is impervious to Dalek fire !
However , I did have to reverse the polarity of the neutron flow .
- Brian Hall
Some Light Gaming
Advertisement
My friend Greg had the idea to make a video game out of light and have him playing it .
The first idea was to do Super Mario Bros ... we ended up doing pong .
All the credit goes to Lauren , Greg , and Sean ( in the photo ) for doing the actual painting .
I just took the picture .
Bulb ( roughly a minute exposure ) , f16 , iso200 , d300s with a 16 - 35 f4 at 16 mm .
On camera SB - 800 fired front curtain .
- David Ullman
Skeletor
Advertisement
Camera : Canon Rebel T2i
Lens : Canon EFS 18 - 55 mm f/3.5-5.6 IS
Settings :
Shutter : 93 seconds ( bulb mode w/ remote )
Aperture : f/16.0
Focal Length : 18mm
ISO : 100
I set up the camera on a tripod , took my position and pressed the remote .
This was actually my first attempt , all the others did n't seem quite as good .
I stood in the corner of the room and traced over myself with a small LED in the hopes that it would look like a skeleton , starting with the feet and working up , ' drawing ' the hands last .
[ Ed note : So simple , so effective . ]
- Will Norton
Bonus Entry ( taken a day late but I could n't resist )
Advertisement
Last week , when I saw the batman pics , the first think I thought was :
It 's soooo cool , I need to make something like that , and to submit it to gizmodo , it would be so nice if they publish it !
Me and my friend Martin organized everything and we went to the top of the hill in a ruined monastery ( Heidelberg , Germany ) .
We arrived at 10 pm and we stayed there till 3 am .
At the end , this was the only pic we really liked , so here it is .
The title could be " Dark Angel " .
He watches over you when Batman is on duty :p
Advertisement
The setup : Iphone for music on background ( : p ) Nikon d700 with Sigma 17 - 35 , tripod .
This picture is obtained with the sum of 53 different pics of the sky with startrails .
I set up the camera for 2 " self - timing , then 30 " exposure time , 1600 ISO , f8 .
I pressed that button 53 times , every 30 " :s
Then we took a picture for the body painting , same exif as before .
With a torch I painted Martin 's body and after with light candles I made the wings .
I took roughly 250 pictures , spent 5 hours outside , drunk 2 beers ( actually we were too busy for drinking beer ) and got really scared by a mouse ... but I think it worth it .
WINNER - TRON
Advertisement
Canon 1D Mark IV , Canon EF 24-70 mm F2.8 L @ 24 mm , 30 second shutter , ISO 100 , f16 , two small lights from Walmart for the floor and the tires and rider and a large shop light for the trailing light
Out with the girlfriend for some beers and wings and we started brainstorming for ideas for this weeks photo challenge , end result was the Tron bike idea .
We put down tape so we could keep the the lines on the floor straight and used garbage can lids as guides for the tires .
It was just the two of us so it took two photos to create the grid on the floor , 1st photo for the lines left to right and the 2nd photo for the lines back to front and a 3rd photo to get her on the bike with the tires and the lines on her and the trailing light .
The images were then layered together in photoshop .
Took us 75 images to get the 3 that we liked and it was in the garage in the middle of the day so we had to black out the windows and keep the doors closed ..
Let just say it was really hot in the garage .
[ Ed note : Holy @&# ; % ]
- Satnam Sidhu
Advertisement
Kudos to everyone for pushing themselves technically and creatively this week .
Thanks for sharing , and see full size images at flickr .
The Gallery ( click here for one page view )
Bodypaint shooting challenge gallery
Out of all the shots I tried , this one was my son's idea and came out pretty good .
Using one of … Read more
On June 5 , at a demonstration organized in Istanbul by the Islamic Saadet Party , one of the banners read , in Turkish : “ Legendary leader Hitler , our patience is running out , we need your spirit . ”
The incident was just one of countless anti-Semitic statements , slogans , and banners made during rallies in Turkey after the Israeli attack on the flotilla of ships attempting to break the blockade on Gaza .
I spoke to writers and activists from Turkey about the implications of this discourse .
“ Israel ’s lawless and irrational act of violence unleashed an exaggerated display of bravado on the part of the government in Turkey , ” said Ayse Gunaysu , a human rights activist from Turkey .
Gunaysu ’s concerned about the anti-Semitic discourse used by the protesters and the way that Turkish intellectuals have been overlooking its dangerous undertones , even before the attack on the flotilla .
She gives the example of a public rally on May 8 , during which one speaker said , “ From now on all Jews everywhere in the world and even all Jews in Turkey are our targets ” ( see http://fr.video.yahoo.com/watch/7462019/19667659 ) .
“ The protesters are not concerned about peace , ” Gunaysu explained .
“ They are calling for more violence and more bloodshed .
Because they — particularly Islamic protesters , at times backed by leftists groups as well — are not against a particular Israeli government and its particular policies , but against the existence of Israel itself . ”
“ It is sickening to hear the government suddenly assume the role of champion of international law , never mind that in 1974 , the Turkish armed forces crossed the international waters , invaded a sovereign country [ Cyprus ] , and its occupation continues to date , ” she added .
“ Not to mention the decades - long war in Turkey [ against the Kurds ] , which has caused tens of thousands of deaths , hundreds of disappearances , and the destruction and evacuation of thousands of villages . ”
For Gunaysu , the hypocrisy is astounding .
“ The killing of civilians by the Israeli special forces is outrageous .
But it is equally upsetting to know that there is such fury here against what happened to fellow Muslims in another part of the world , while Turkey feels quite alright with its own denial of the genocide of Asia Minor ’s Christian population , a legacy on which the Turkish republic was founded . ”
On May 31 , Bilgin Ayata , a scholar from Turkey , was in Taksim Square , where several rallies were held .
She recounted what she saw : “ The general atmosphere was very tense and full of anger , and some of the slogans targeted Jews , not just the Israeli state .
The angry atmosphere takes sustenance from Prime Minister [ Recep Tayyip ]
Erdogan ’s fierce comments and attitude that fuels the anger against Israel . ”
Ayata also raises the issue of hypocrisy .
“ There is a strange schizophrenia at place : Erdogan described the attacks of Israel as ‘ state terrorism ’ and declared that Hamas is not a terrorist organization .
It would be nice if he would apply the same standards to his own country .
Unfortunately , it seems that the opposite is happening .
On June 4 , Sevahir Bayindir , a Kurdish MP , was attacked by the police and hurt in Silopi during a protest against the military operations in the Kurdish regions .
A day earlier , Firat Basan , a 14 - year - old Kurdish boy , was killed when a tank rolled over him during a similar protest in Sirnak .
Also on June 4 , Irfan Aktar , a Kurdish journalist , received a prison sentence of one year because of an article he wrote on the Kurdish issue in a magazine .
Over 1,400 members of the pro-Kurdish party DTP are in prison since 2009 — some of them are elected mayors and prominent members of human rights organizations .
More than one million Kurds have been displaced in Turkey in the past decade , and they can not go back to their villages because the state does not clear landmines .
Paramilitary forces and military operations are leading even to new cases of displacement . ”
“ I wholeheartedly condemn the violence employed by the Israeli state last week , just as I did when I was actively working in the region and writing about the Palestinian issue , ” said Talin Suciyan , a journalist from Turkey .
“ But the social and political atmosphere created in Turkey has other dimensions .
On the one hand , there are journalists , artists , and public opinion leaders talking about ‘ banging up Israel ’ with literature and arts , while there are others who carry posters asking Hitler to send them his spirit .
And frequently , ‘ Tekbir ’ ( chanting ‘ Allahu ekber ’ ) accompanies these .
In the past , such reactions have invariably led to hostile attitudes against citizens of Turkey — in this case the Turkish Jews .
One always has to keep in mind that the republican and also pre-republican history is full of such attacks against Armenians , Greeks , and Jews , incited in the aftermath of international events . ”
“ If this is an issue of condemning state violence , ” she continued , “ I have to say I have not , to this day , encountered such decisive attitude , when it comes to issues concerning the people of Turkey itself . ”
Ayata agrees .
“ If PM Erdogan really has a problem with state terrorism , he should stop it in his own country . ”
If Todd Davis 's face looks familiar , it 's because it 's plastered all over subway stops and billboards — right next to his social security number — on ads for the personal security company LifeLock .
His lifelock ?
It 's been picked 13 times .
Advertisement
According to a report by the Phoenix New Times , Todd Davis 's bold invitation to identity thieves has been accepted over and over and over .
Since 2007 , Todd Davis - but - not - Todd Davis ( sorta like Fake Locke ) has failed to pay back a $ 500 loan , neglected to pay several AT&T bills , and racked up thousands of dollars in credit card debt .
But do n't feel too bad for the guy — Davis and his 13 horcruxes only serve to illustrate how shitty LifeLock 's service was to begin with .
In March , the FTC fined LifeLock $ 12 million and claimed that their services amounted to little more than a scam .
According to FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz , " the protection they provided left such a large hole ... that you could drive that truck through it . "
He was referring to a huge truck with Davis 's mug and social security number on it .
[ Phoenix New Times via Wired ]
We ’ve lived so long with a musical world dominated by the piano keyboard that it can be hard to look beyond it .
But for some time , musicians have desired a set of common requirements for what might replace it :
The ability to hit specific pitches in a convenient layout , perhaps one more convenient than the piano , but also …
The ability to express pitch between pitches ( as most other instruments provide )
Continuous pressure for expression , not only when a note is struck , but as it is played ( again , as on most other instruments )
I ’ve been talking to Roger Linn for a year or two now about his interest in finding something new to develop in music technology .
He ’s been working on a multitouch instrument .
Unlike most current multitouch technology , as on the iPad , the key ingredient really is expressive pressure sensitivity .
There have been various attempts to build instruments that do this , but it ’s been tough to find one that could be produced in cost - efficient , scalable ways , and not just impressive one - off , handmade constructions .
( Not that there ’s anything wrong with that , of course . )
Late last night , Roger decided to make some of this work public .
Tim Thompson , himself a multi - touch guru ( he plays live with the FingerWorks software , teamed up with Roger and Roger ’s wife Ingrid to build support for OSC , TUIO , and ( for sound output in this example ) , Max / MSP .
( Ingrid , by the way , is Roger Linn Design ’s best - kept secret ; she ’s a terrifically - talented electrical engineer who has done a lot of the actual EE for the Linn instruments , and when I last talked to her , was taking pilot lessons . )
It ’s not immediately apparent , but there ’s even additional control of timbre on the y axis .
The results look and sound great , particularly considering this is a prototype .
I ’ve already got some questions in mind , but have a look at what Roger has to say and let us know if there ’s anything you ’d like me to ask him .
Note that what you see above is just a prototype .
The rendering below shows some of the polish that could be applied to a final design .
Click for full - sized version .
Image courtesy Roger Linn Design
Is this a great design ?
I think so .
Is this something talented musicians will want , and practice , and get good at ?
Absolutely .
Do things like the iPad allow anything like this ?
No – not without pressure , period .
Are there other ways of compensating , like adding accelerometers or other controls ?
Yes – but that does n’t matter , because the act of applying extremely sensitive variations in pressure at the fingertips is more intuitive .
It ’s the evolutionary achievement that allows us to pick up a coffee cup without alternatively dropping or crushing it .
( If you do n’t think that ’s significant , ask someone who makes robotic arms – perhaps over a coffee . )
No , there ’s just one bit of bad news — we need a new multitouch vendor for this kind of innovation to happen .
( Anyone ?
Anyone ?
Bueller ? )
The company that makes the tech Roger used , TouchCo , was bought by Amazon as part of the ongoing turf wars in multitouch technology .
And that ’s just the latest episode in a tech landscape that has brought a lot of bad news .
Instead of multitouch research leading to the golden era of interaction innovation some ( like myself ) had been predicting , we instead face petty battles over who sells e-books and protracted patent wars over intellectual property , many of those waged by companies who produce nothing .
Stantum ’s resistive ( not capacitive ) sensing , which I covered last month , does theoretically provide pressure , though I do n’t know if it works as well as TouchCo ’s or how it would even be licensed to a small instrument maker .
One advantage versus the TouchCo surface above , of course , is that Stantum also adds a display .
But that ’s just one example .
So , somewhere , perhaps , there ’s a vendor who ’s a fan of Roger Linn .
( Hey , you know he ’s the father of the drum machine ?
The MPC ?
He ’s kind of a big deal ?
Anyone ? )
Perhaps this will inspire our readers over at Stantum to do something .
Perhaps a company we ’ve never heard of who loves music or dreams of playing a solo with a multitouch square in their band .
Alternatively , perhaps there is a way to homebrew this kind of sensor without enormous cost .
( There ’s certainly quite a lot of research .
I ’d round that up , but … it ’s a beautiful Saturday here in New York .
Help me out . )
Whoever knows the answer : please , by the powers of the Internet , find this post .
Find me .
Find Roger .
And by the almighty Zeus , do n’t sell out to someone before we can make music .
Research Project : LinnStrument — A New Musical Instrument Concept
Israeli researchers have found that an experimental skin cancer treatment can reduce some tumors and cause others or disappear entirely , doctors at Sheba Medical Center , Tel Hashomer , wrote in a recent article in the scientific journal Clinical Cancer Research .
The treatment has been tried on melanoma patients who have been told they have only a few months to live because other treatments have failed .
It uses the cells from the patients ' own immune systems to attack the cancer .
In nearly half the cases in the experiment , the treatment caused the tumor to shrink or disappear entirely .
Twenty - nine patients received the treatment over the past two and a half years .
Doctors at Sheba 's Ella Institute for Treatment and Research of Melanoma and Skin Cancer reported their findings in the May issue of Clinical Cancer Research .
" Melanoma is considered one of the most difficult cancers , " said Prof. Jacob Schachter , head of the Ella Institute and deputy director of oncology at Sheba .
" At its late stages it metastasizes to many other parts of the body , unlike , for example , cancer of the large intestine , which metastasizes mainly to the liver .
In addition , about half of metastatic melanoma patients are young , and their life expectancy is six to eight months on average . "
Sheba is the second medical center in the world to implement the treatment , which was developed over the past decade by the National Cancer Institute in Maryland .
The treatment , approved by the Health Ministry and Sheba 's committee on human experimentation , was offered only to patients whose cancer had spread and for whom other treatments , including surgery and chemotherapy , had failed .
The treatment involves taking cells from the patients ' immune system , known as tumor infiltrating lymphocytes .
These cells , which kill cancer cells and are found in cancerous organs , are developed in a laboratory and then returned to the patient 's body to attack the cancer .
At the first stage of the treatment , a cancerous organ relatively easy to remove by surgery is removed , and its lymphocytes are isolated .
They are then grown for three to four weeks in the laboratory in bags with 40 liters of fluid until there are 1,000 times more than the initial number .
A week before the end of the cell - generating process , the patients are given aggressive chemotherapy to suppress their natural immune system , so that the body will easily accept the laboratory - grown cells .
About a week after the chemotherapy , with the patient still hospitalized , the patient is given one infusion of a concentrated dose of the laboratory - generated cells .
The patient is also given interleukin - 2 , which restarts the immune system .
" The cells that are inserted into the body already know the metastases of the cancer , because they came from one of them .
They therefore head , like guided missiles , toward the metastases and take it apart , " Schachter said .
After the cells of the metastases are destroyed , white blood cells called microphages take apart their remnants and turn them into refuse .
The immune system recovers within two to three weeks , when the patient goes home .
A month later the patient undergoes a CAT scan to see how the treatment has affected the cancer .
The Sheba team reported that 48 percent of the patients responded to the treatment .
Out of 29 patients , three experienced the complete disappearence of the tumor and the metastases a month after treatment .
In 11 other cases the response was partial , but the patients are still alive and are now functioning again .
The first patient whose metastases disappeared is still alive after more than two years , and the other two are still alive after 16 months and 10 months .
Among the patients whose tumors partially shrank , four have been alive for 18 , 24 , 27 and 16 months , respectively , and report improved quality of life .
All patients undergo CAT scans every three months .
In addition to Schachter , the team reporting the findings includes Dr. Michal Besser , head of the Ella Institute laboratory , and Dr. Avi Treves , Ella 's scientific director and deputy head of the Sheba Cancer Research Center .
The encouraging clinical findings and the eventual simplification of the treatment will have a significant impact on this generation of cellular treatments for cancer , the researchers wrote .
According to cancer statistics collected by the Health Ministry , 1,300 new melanoma cases were diagnosed in 2008 , 100 new cases more than in the previous year .
Of these , 830 were of the invasive type of melanoma .
Sheba is expected to submit a request to the Health Ministry soon to recognize the treatment as non-experimental in patients with terminal cancer .
The current findings are based on the second generation of experimental treatment , which makes use of cells that have undergone short - term generation in the laboratory and are injected into the patient 's body while the cells are still young .
" The less time the cells grow in a laboratory culture , the more aggressive they are in acting against the metastases after being reintroduced to the body , " Schachter said .
Sheba is also working on expanding the technology to other types of cancer , including terminal kidney cancer .
" Specific methods must be developed for each cancer to grow the immune system 's components , " Treves said .
If you have n't heard of Blair Fowler yet , now 's the time .
The 17 - year - old from Tennessee is fast becoming an Oprah - of - style for adolescent fashionistas , featured everywhere from Seventeen to Good Morning America .
So who the hell is she ?
In short , Blair Fowler is YouTube 's fashion and beauty guru for the Forever 21 set .
Her uploads , focusing on beauty how - tos , fashion insights , " haul " videos ( in which the vlogger goes through their shopping bags , detailing their latest finds for their audience ) , and personal vlogs have garnered over 61 million views .
She 's the Queen Bee , and a marketer 's dream come true .
Advertisement
Blair — aka JuicyStar07 on YouTube — starts each of her videos in the exact same way , giving a quick wave and saying , " Hey , everyone ! "
It is a greeting that encapsulates her entire YouTube existence : decidedly friendly , somehow false , and inexplicably fascinating .
She 's from northeast Tennessee , near the Virginia and Kentucky borders , and she 's home - schooled ( a recent development , coinciding with her newfound fame ) .
The bright - pink room from which she studies is also Blair 's main stage , where she maintains two channels : Her " main " channel , JuicyStar07 ( 309,015 subscribers as of this writing ) is for her haul videos and makeup - instruction guides ; OtherJuicyStar07 ( 176,520 subscribers ) is her personal vlog , where she posts friendly ruminations on whatever she 's doing at any given time , though never veering into real confessional territory .
Of course , the two channels have enough overlap to make them kind of indiscernible , so to get the full Blair experience , you 're best off subscribing to both .
( You could also subscribe to her sister Elle 's YouTube channels — AllThatGlitters21 for the shopping and makeup instructionals ; EllesGlitterGossip for the personal - vlog experience .
And Blair has a traditional personal blog , though her focus is definitely on video . )
Advertisement
Good Morning America notes that the " haul " video trend is so widespread that it amounts to some 1,000,000 hours of free advertising for the products purchased by haulers .
And as a standout vlogger with a large and loyal audience , Blair has comfortably settled in the sweet spot between e-commerce , marketing , and online video .
The GMA treatment is predictably from the perspective of a semi- incredulous mother ( and Blair took issue with this after it aired ) , but Ms. Fowler is serious business .
" To the average teen , " writes Marisa Meltzer on Slate , " her seal of approval might carry even more weight than Anna Wintour 's . "
Blair regularly does reviews and giveaways of products that are sent to her by companies that sell anything from bath products to oral care ( which she discloses ; she also wisely makes clear when she 's reviewing something she bought on her own ) .
Business Insider noted that a promotional video
Blair made on behalf of an e-commerce site called Shoesof Prey brought the small site 200,000 visitors in a single day ( a traffic record for them ) .
That video promo , seen below , demonstrates Blair 's ability to promote a product while appearing genuinely excited :
But for all of Blair 's current and potential marketing power , it 's her personal channel , where she reminisces about her elementary school days and discusses various ( fairly mundane ) events , that 's really interesting : one gets the sense that Fowler seems to understand how to make her audience feel like they are included in her world ( a tour of her room or rambling about schoolwork ) without actually giving her entire world away , a balance that makes her appear open and welcoming without also making her completely vulnerable to the downsides of internet oversharing .
Of course , Blair is of a generation that does n't think twice about posting nostalgic videos detailing their first three months on Earth ( " When I was born , I was born at a hospital .
And then I was taken home .
And I lived in that house for three months , so I do n't remember it " ) .
Banal as these videos may be , Blair 's fans seemingly adore her because she 's mastered a medium that many of them use on a daily basis and found a way to create her own empire simply by sitting in front of her camera and discussing her favorite things .
She 's made herself into a character , always impeccably dressed and perfectly coiffed — but she 's always able to also project an image of friendliness and authenticity , appearing both aspirational and relatable to her core audience , who ask for her advice and celebrate her purchases as if they both know her and want to be her .
In many ways , she 's like the prettiest girl at your high school , who also happens to be the class sweetheart .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It is this openness and sense of connection with her YouTube audience that makes me believe that ultimately , Fowler is a generational product : where blogger Julia Allison 's attempts at " lifecasting , " strike many in her generation as exhausting and unnecessary , Fowler 's clips come across as totally acceptable and likable to her own , due mostly to her ability to give just enough of herself away to appear open and interested , without crossing the line into self - indulgence .
Fowler presents herself as a teacher , creator , and a slightly distant bff , something that spills over into her online store , called Glitzy - Glam , which boasts that she and her sister will personalize anything — from tampon holders to boxer shorts — for you .
Like her videos , her products are girlie , cute , and customized for her audience .
The crossover between saleswoman and internet friend is n't just blurred , it 's completely unimportant : her audience may be aware that they 're being pitched to , but they do n't really care , as long as the pitch is coming from someone they feel they can trust .
It seems that there 's no Gen X sense of treachery or " selling out " involved .
Of course , not everyone loves Fowler :
There 's a ( slightly insane ) blog claiming to expose " the truth " about the Fowler sisters — the " truth , " apparently , is that both girls might not use their real first names on YouTube ( which is ... totally understandable ) and that they might be getting paid to promote certain companies in their video clips , which , again , is somewhat understandable and not entirely surprising .
The hate factor , however , seems to pale in comparison to the amount of love Fowler 's fans show her after each clip , and how quickly they view her work : she can post a video and amass over 300,000 views in just a couple of days
Advertisement
Where Fowler will go post - YouTube remains to be seen , though I suspect we 'll be hearing quite a bit more about her in the future .
It would be easy , I suppose , to brush her aside as just another internet fad or a spoiled teenager will too much time on her hands — but she arguably represents the future of marketing , the future of teen beauty blogging , and perhaps even her entire generation 's ability to effortlessly create a personal brand without coming across as overbearing or transparent , makes her a fairly important blogger to watch .
Hundreds of thousands of subscribers seem to agree , happily waiting for Blair 's next wave hello .
Not all Republicans are racists , but racists are more than likely to be Republicans , according to comedian Bill Maher .
“ Government intrusion , you know government power , is something that really bothers conservatives unless it ’s directed at people that are not white .
It seems like there is something like that going on there , ” Maher said on ABC Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Critics accuse Arizona ’s Republican legislature of creating a law that will affect non-whites disproportionately .
An email covered by RAWSTORY yesterday proved the authors of the bill targeted poor Latinos with “ cars on blocks in the yard . ”
ABC showed a text graphic of Florida Republican Congressman Connie Mack ’s statement on Thursday .
“ This law of frontier justice , ” he said , “ is reminiscent of a time during World War II when the Gestapo in Germany stopped people on the street and asked for their papers without probable cause . ”
Nevertheless , conservative columnist George Will seemed to take Maher ’s words personally .
“ Mr. Maher , just said — if i heard him right — that conservatives basically are racists and like government intrusion only against people that are n’t white , ” said Will .
“ Let me defend myself , ” countered Maher .
“ I would never say and I have never said , because it ’s not true that Republicans , all Republicans are racists .
That would be silly and wrong .
But nowadays , if you are racist , you ’re probably a Republican .
And that is quite different , ” explained Maher .
But that was n’t a topic that ABC ’s Jake Tapper was willing to cover .
“ That ’s a whole other round table conversation , ” Tapper said as he quickly changed the subject .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast May 2 , 2010 .
The Ottawa Senators parted ways with former goal - scoring champion Jonathan Cheechoo by buying out his contract Tuesday .
The 29 - year - old winger was due $ 3.5 million US this season in the final year of his deal but was placed on waivers Monday .
No one claimed him , allowing the Senators to buy him out .
Cheechoo recorded just five goals with nine assists in 61 games for Ottawa last season , and added eight goals and six assists in 25 games for the team 's American Hockey League affiliate in Binghamton .
The 29 - year - old from Moose Factory , Ont. , was acquired with Milan Michalek in the trade that sent disgruntled winger Dany Heatley to the San Jose Sharks last September .
" Jonathan is a quality person and hockey player , " Senators general manager Bryan Murray said in a release .
" We hoped that things would have worked out with the Senators .
In the best interest of us both , we have decided to move on .
We wish him all the best . "
Cheechoo led the NHL with 56 goals in 2005 - 06 but his production has declined steadily since .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 8/6/2010 ( 3767 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
Have you ever been struck by a really a good idea , but at the wrong time ?
Welcome to Mayor Sam Katz 's world .
The mayor 's latest good idea is that he wants streetcars -- not buses -- to form the backbone of Winnipeg 's as - yet unrealized rapid transit system .
Not Light Rapid Transit ( LRT ) per se , but electric - powered ( he hopes ) streetcars running on tracks at grade on both city streets and the BRT system now under construction .
Katz says he has had a long - term love affair with LRT in general , and streetcars in particular .
The problem is , he did n't tell anyone about it .
In fact , a spokesman for Premier Greg Selinger said the word ' streetcar ' had not been uttered by Katz until Saturday , when he and the mayor talked about it .
That conversation took place after weeks of angry and public disagreement about Katz 's demands to abandon BRT and pursue LRT .
And now , with $ 130 million on the table from the province and Ottawa to complete a BRT route from downtown to the University of Manitoba , and both levels of government facing enormous deficits , he 's hoping against hope he can get the other levels of government to abandon buses and pay more to help him embrace streetcars .
On the very face of it , there is a lot to like about streetcars .
Winnipeg used to have streetcars until someone who probably should n't have been working in and around city hall got rid of them .
Toronto still relies on an extensive streetcar network .
Native Torontonians ( including the author ) fondly recall the soothing hum of an accelerating streetcar and the rhythmic clacking when they cross intersections .
Katz hopes to prove later this summer with a hastily designed study that in addition to all this romantic stuff , streetcars can be quite cost effective .
In short , Katz believes streetcars will draw more riders , use less fossil fuel , and be cheaper to run and maintain .
And the best part -- according to the mayor ---- it would cost only 30 per cent more than clunky old BRT .
That figure has yet to be verified but there are reasons to believe he 's right .
Streetcars do not require special rail beds ; they can operate on existing city streets and even the soon - to - be - completed phase one BRT right of way could be converted for streetcars .
The only major flaw in Katz 's plan is that it 's about two years too late .
If Katz had lobbied for LRT back in 2008 when the three levels of government were conspiring on a BRT funding deal , his might have been a winning argument .
But he signed on for BRT and did no advance work to prepare the other levels of government .
Even worse , the mayor is going around talking openly about finding another , as - yet - unidentified pot of money to pay for LRT so that he is n't forced to steal from existing federal - provincial infrastructure funds .
Time to water those money trees .
With Katz , it 's a good idea to never say never but saying that this is an uphill battle does n't completely capture the enormity of the challenge .
The province has repeatedly told Katz to take the money and get on with BRT .
As for the feds , Public Safety Minister Vic Toews , Manitoba 's senior government minister , has not said much about Katz 's streetcar dream .
You can never tell exactly what Toews is thinking , but neither he nor his government have signalled a desire to change modes of transport now .
There was , no doubt , a flicker of hope on Tuesday when the federal government announced it was giving the City of Ottawa $ 600 million for an LRT / subway system .
Federal money ?
LRT ?
Could it be ?
Unfortunately what is happening in Ottawa has no bearing on the debate in Winnipeg .
First and foremost , Ottawa already has arguably the best BRT system in Canada .
So successful it actually pays for itself .
More importantly , Greater Ottawa has more than one million people , making it much more eligible for LRT .
The city already has an LRT route running from just north of the airport to an area just west of downtown .
An expanded O - Train system been enormously controversial issue that will be in play this fall during civic elections .
Mayor Larry O'Brien 's chief opponent , Jim Wilson , is opposed to the multibillion - dollar train / subway project and there has been speculation he might stop some or all of the plan .
( You 're probably asking yourself , ' what are the chances a new mayor would completely shelve a rapid transit plan forged by his predecessor ?
Especially when that plan is already funded by the province and federal government . '
Actually , that 's just what happened in Winnipeg when Katz was elected in 2004 .
But I digress . )
For now Katz will continue looking for money and support to fulfill his desire named streetcar .
However , he may find that this is a good idea that is simply too little , too late .
dan.lett@freepress.mb.ca
HTC CEO Peter Chou Live at D8
HTC , a company that once built devices for other brands , is today a powerful brand itself .
And CEO Peter Chou is largely responsible for that .
Over the past few years , Chou has transformed HTC from a contract handset manufacturer into a smartphone powerhouse , a company that ranks behind only Nokia ( NOK ) , Research in Motion ( RIMM ) and Apple ( AAPL ) in global smartphone shipments .
That ’s quite an achievement and one attributable to the very early , savvy bet Chou made on Google ’s ( GOOG ) Android mobile operating system .
But that same bet has gotten HTC into trouble as well , most notably a high - profile lawsuit from Apple alleging that a number of HTC ’s Android devices infringe patents related to the iPhone ’s graphical user interface , underlying architecture and hardware .
Liveblog
11:55 am : How many of you have an Android phone , asks Walt , directing his question to the audience .
If you do , it ’s likely to have been made by HTC .
And with that , Walt welcomes Chou to the stage .
11:56 am : Walt notes that when he first encountered HTC it was an OEM .
How did you get from there , he asks Chou , to where you are now , where your brand is actually on the phone ?
Chou :
It was a great journey for us .
We started with a vision of mobile convergence and how smartphones would change people ’s lives .
That vision excited us , so we focused on innovations in technology and tried to deliver on that vision .
Over the years , we began partnering with companies like Microsoft , Google .
Then we shipped the world ’s first Windows phone , the world ’s first Android phone , and this week , we introduced the world ’s first 4G phone , the Sprint ( S ) EVO .
So we ’ve been in this industry for a while .
But we needed a brand identity .
Without that , it was difficult to communicate our vision to the market .
11:59 am : Walt–Other than 4G , what ’s innovative about the EVO ?
Chou :
It has a breakthrough display , it ’s much bigger , it ’s clearer .
It has an eight - megapixel camera and a front - facing camera as well .
It ’s the first device in the U.S. that people can use to make a video call .
It ’s also a hotspot ; you can use it to create a Wi -Fi network .
12:01 pm : : Walt likes the device ’s kickstand .
It turns it into a sort of mini-TV .
He draws a comparison with the Dell ( DELL ) tablet we saw yesterday and notes that that device ’s screen size is not much larger than the EVO’s .
12:02 pm : Walt–So this is an Android device .
You ’re still making Windows phones , but are you making more Android phones now ?
Chou :
We ’re committed to both platforms .
We want to design great products for both .
Different people like different things , so what we try to do is get a good mix of technology and design .
And Android and Windows cater to different users .
Windows users tend to like Windows .
They are loyalists .
Windows has a lot of value .
Walt :
What about Android ?
Chou : Android provides a different Internet experience .
It caters to people who are interested in things like social networking , he says .
12:05 pm : Walt wonders why , if HTC is committed to both platforms , it does n’t differentiate its handset design .
The company ’s Windows phones look a lot like Android phones .
There ’s an HTC layer on them–HTC Sense .
Chou :
Well , what we do is try to add value on top of Android and Windows .
HTC
Sense focuses on things like the social networking experience .
Our philosophy is that we do n’t force the customer to take what we offer ; they have the freedom to personalize their devices .
Walt :
So you can take HTC software off these phones ?
Chou : Yes .
12:07 pm : Walt–Is there a consumer awareness of your brand ?
When customers buy a Nexus One , do they know it ’s made by HTC ?
Chou says they do .
Since last year , the company has been working on brand positioning , and that has bolstered consumer awareness of its offerings .
12:08 pm : Chou offers an anecdote about meeting a guy at an airport and comparing HTC devices with him .
“ I think the HTC name is getting more awareness . ”
12:09 pm : Walt–Do you think it ’s confusing to customers that there are now three brands involved in a phone :
The carrier , the manufacturer of the phone and then the operating system ?
Can you have too many brands on a device ?
Chou :
This is an ecosystem .
We have a lot of stakeholders .
We ’re trying to minimize that a little bit , by putting some of those logos on the back .
12:12 pm : Walt–Talk a bit about this concept of a lower - tier of smartphone device .
Chou :
Our vision is to bring the smartphone to the mass market …
We believe the smartphone is improving people ’s lives , so we ’re trying to offer it to more consumers , but sometimes , smartphone prices are too high , even with carrier subsidies .
And mass - market consumers sometimes perceive smartphones as overly complex devices , so we ’re trying to bring prices down and simplify devices at the same time .
We ’re doing this with the HTC smart .
This is a $ 150 phone [ as opposed to the typical $ 400 smartphone ] .
Walt : Is HTC Smart an Android phone ?
Chou : No .
It uses Qualcomm ( QCOM ) BREW .
Walt : Does it have a different Web browser ?
Is it as good as WebKit ?
Chou says it ’s not–at least not yet .
He says the device has been relatively well received though .
He also notes that given the low price , it can be offered by carriers at very low prices .
12:17 pm : Walt–Is there fragmentation in Android ?
Some app developers tell me Android ’s landscape is too cluttered .
Is HTC Sense making this worse ?
Chou : HTC
Sense is not causing the problem here .
We try not to fragment .
All apps can run on HTC Sense .
There ’s no fragmentation , though there may be confusion there .
The operating system itself may cause a bit of a problem .
But it ’s a small one … and it occurs more with older devices .
We try to be careful to do good porting on our devices …
Questions & Answers
Q : What are you doing to improve battery life in these new devices ?
[ Walt notes that the EVO ’s battery runs down “ alarmingly fast ” ]
A : We understand that if your a heavy mobile user , the battery is a concern .
The EVO ’s battery is removable –not like the iPhone .
[ I think he ’s suggesting that users carry an extra one . ]
We are trying to innovate here .
We ’re aware of the problem .
I hope someday this wo n’t be an issue .
Q : Any other phones in your pockets ?
A : Chou chuckles .
Q : Can you talk about HTC ’s plans to expand into other areas of electronics–tablets for example .
A : We ’re very focused on smartphones today .
We ’re focusing our business on mobile operators .
However , as an innovator , one of our defining characteristics is to create new technologies .
So in our labs , we ’re developing new devices like the HTC Shift [ a tablet , I think ] .
Q : What ’s your take on the Foxconn suicides ?
A : I do n’t know details about this .
What I know is from the news .
But this is a very well - equipped factory .
There must be something there beyond manufacturing or salary issues , something cultural maybe .
Times change , China changes and the value system may have also changed , and working long hours under very strict management may be very tough for some people .
I ’m not in a position to speak about this though , because we own a factory as well .
We value our employees , we treat them well , we treat them as an asset .
It ’s really difficult for me to comment on Foxconn .
Q : Will you list your stock in the U.S. ?
A : We ’ve thought about it .
But we need to think more about timing .
These days , I ’m spending most of my time thinking about products .
Perhaps with some investment bank help , we can do that .
And that ’s a wrap .
A note about our coverage :
This liveblog is not an official transcript of the conversation that occurred onstage .
Rather , it is a compilation of quotes , paraphrased statements and ad - lib observations written and posted to the Web as quickly as possible .
It is not intended as a transcript and should not be interpreted as one .
Second of two parts
Julian and Lupi Aguilar had run out of options when the sister of a friend offered to help .
“ Yes , ” she said , “ we have a room you can rent . ”
The words became their life raft , and the pressures of the last three years — health problems , declining income and the loss of their dream home in Diamond Bar — drifted away .
They agreed to meet that Friday night .
It would be auspicious to share the Sabbath with their new housemates .
That afternoon , Julian , 47 , Lupi , 40 , and their children Alex and Miranda , 14 and 10 , headed to Hesperia .
The open space of the High Desert reminded Julian of rural Mexico .
He marveled at how the Joshua tree could survive in such an arid environment .
The Aguilars picked up Chinese food at Panda Express and found their new home in a maze of streets in a community called Mission Crest .
Over rice and orange chicken , they met one of the owners , Helida Franklin , and a few tenants .
They would share the six - bedroom , four - bath house with five others — and , on occasion , Helida and her husband Robert , long - distance truck drivers living in Nevada who had bought this home new in 2006 as a place to stay when they passed through Southern California .
The Aguilars could have the master bedroom for $ 650 a month .
In a few weeks , the living room and the dining room would be available for $ 200 each and possibly a second bedroom and half a bath for $ 300 .
They could store extra furniture in half of the garage for $ 50 .
Bebe , their cocker spaniel , could have the backyard for nothing .
The kitchen was used by everyone , and the laundry room hours were posted .
That evening , as the family headed to the rental in Pomona they could no longer afford , they felt relieved .
The arrangement would be temporary , they said to one another , a stepping stone toward something more permanent .
As they drove the streets of Mission Crest , they noticed the empty houses and the For Sale signs .
What promised to be a stable suburb was now overwhelmed by foreclosures and rentals .
In the community ’s first three years , more than 300 homeowners defaulted .
Today , that number stands at 373 .
More than 40 % — 392 homes — are listed as “ non-owner occupied . ”
Nearly every house has lost at least half of its 2006 assessed value .
What the Aguilars did n’t realize that February night in 2009 was that many of the original homeowners , those with mortgages higher than the value of their houses , were disappointed and angry .
Weary of yard sales and moving vans , of not knowing who was coming and who was going , they pointed fingers at the banks and the builders .
They blamed themselves .
They looked suspiciously at new owners who bought these houses at half of what they paid .
They worried about renters .
They had bought into Mission Crest believing their investment would appreciate , and when the housing market collapsed , they weighed their options :
Should they stay or walk away ?
But the Aguilars saw the community differently .
They had found a place where Julian could continue looking for work as a translator and insurance broker , where Alex could practice his fencing and Miranda her ballet .
If the American dream was a boardinghouse , then that suited them fine .
Deciding to leave
Mission Crest was sold on the promise of predictability : that homeownership is the road to a secure future .
It is the same message that developers in the High Desert have rolled out to prospective buyers since the 1950s .
Kadi and Daniel Prescott bought in Mission Crest in 2006 , hoping to build on the equity from the sale of their previous house in Riverside .
They love their single - story home with its flowing floor plan , large backyard and room enough for their seven children .
They were in their late 20s at the time .
He worked for his family ’s paving business and she freelanced as a Web consultant .
Their combined income was $ 90,000 .
With 20 % down — almost $ 78,000 — and a 30 - year conventional loan for $ 309,050 at a fixed rate of 5.875 % , they lowered their monthly payments and got a bigger home .
Kadi would pick the whole thing up and move it if she could .
On a spring morning , Ella , 5 , is running through the sprinklers .
The backside of Mt. Baldy is still covered with snow , but beneath the cloudless sky it feels like summer .
Marlie , 11 , has a friend over , and with Daniel , 10 , they ’re playing a game on the Wii .
Phillip , 7 , is watching .
Trenton , 9 , is climbing over the jumbo playhouse on the patio .
Aiden , 6 , is in timeout and Reed , 3 , is teasing Dakota , the family dog .
Pandemonium never seemed happier , but as the children play , Kadi and Daniel have started to pack .
The family pictures have come off the walls .
They just gave away their two pet bearded dragons .
They ’re looking for a rental in Chino , Norco or Indian Hills ; they hope to be out by midsummer .
Last August , after Kadi lost two clients , she and Daniel stopped paying their monthly mortgage of $ 1,828 .
They applied for a loan modification .
They had paid nearly $ 390,000 for their house , and it had been reassessed at $ 244,000 .
( This January , it was valued at $ 150,000 . )
The bank presented an offer in February that the Prescotts rejected .
Kadi and Daniel decided to walk away .
“ We could stay here if we wanted to , ” Kadi said .
“ But this was n’t a great community to begin with .
We hoped it would get better , but it did n’t .
I do n’t want to raise my kids here .
I ’m tired of looking over my shoulder . ”
Two years ago , Daniel was getting ready to take the children to school when he opened the front door and saw people swarming the perimeter of the house next door .
“ SHERIFF ” and “ POLICE ” were emblazoned on the backs of their jackets .
Deputies from the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department ’s auto theft prevention task force were serving warrants , and when it was over , two suspects had been taken into custody .
Since then , the house has stood vacant with one window boarded up .
For the Prescotts , the incident is an example of all that has gone wrong in the community .
The list is long .
It begins with the sales representatives who told them that no absentee owners were buying into the tract .
It includes the promise of a Wal - Mart and a Home Depot that have yet to be built , and it ends with the unfinished homes , the trash , the graffiti and a friend who was robbed at gunpoint .
Kadi and Daniel are not alone with their concerns .
Eighteen months ago , the city held four homeowner meetings to address complaints such as vandalized homes , stray dogs , subsidized housing programs , churches being set up in garages and marijuana houses .
In the end , it did n’t matter that San Bernardino officials reported that only 18 families live in subsidized housing in the community , and that crime is no worse than elsewhere in the High Desert .
Staying — for now
When Pete Solis works in his backyard , sparrows , otherwise drawn to the bird feeders , stay away .
Today he ’s designing a barbecue area and is about to inlay the half a dozen pieces of concrete that contain the handprints of his grandchildren .
Catherine is inside working on a quilt .
Both are in their late 60s and retired .
Pete worked for Los Angeles County and Catherine for San Antonio Community Hospital in Upland .
They moved to Mission Crest in the fall of 2006 , and the moment they walked through the model complex , they felt at home .
This is our future , they thought , selecting a single - story design with its combined kitchen , dining room and living room , and Pete immediately tried to work a deal .
The home cost $ 374,000 , but being on a fixed income , he wanted to pay no more than $ 350,000 .
His bargaining chip was a down payment of nearly $ 132,000 , money from property they sold in Washington state .
A sales representative cited the upgrades and countered with $ 352,000 .
It was an easy concession , and the Solises celebrated with dinner at the Olive Garden .
Initially , their block was empty .
The wind scoured the empty lots , kicking up clouds of sand and dust .
They got to know Robert the security guard , who patrolled the construction sites , and the Prescotts with their seven children .
Pete dreamed of pulling out his telescope and studying the stars .
The Solises hosted a family party for his mother ’s 86th birthday , and when their son , Mike , his wife and their 2 - year - old son needed a place to live , they opened their doors to them .
In 2008 , however , they noticed that a few houses three blocks over had telltale sheets of white paper duct - taped to the front door — signs of foreclosure .
When the letter from the county arrived last year with news of a reassessment , they were saddened and angry .
Their taxes had gone down , but their one - time bargain was now worth $ 218,000 ( in 2010 , their house was assessed at $ 135,000 , a little more than what they put down ) .
Pete wanted to punch someone , but he did n’t know who .
For a while he considered not paying the mortgage and squatting on the property .
He wanted to make the bank suffer , but that did n’t make sense .
“ We played by all the rules , ” said Pete , who was denied a loan modification .
“ But we still had the rug pulled out from under us .
It ’s scary to think that we ’re going to lose all that money and never see it again . ”
Four months ago , Pete and Catherine received a letter from a law firm that had filed a class - action suit against eight national home builders .
The builders were accused of failing to disclose that they had set up mortgage companies that provided subprime loans to buyers , putting communities at risk .
The Solises joined the lawsuit hoping that they might recoup their down payment .
A U.S. District judge dismissed the complaint , but the firm plans to appeal .
The Solises talk about moving to Arizona , but for now they ’re staying .
One evening in April , their son Mike was taking a walk when he saw a weathered sheaf of papers being blown by the wind .
The next day , he described it in an e-mail .
“ I thought you would want to know what happened to me yesterday , ” he wrote .
“ In my neighborhood I found foreclosure papers blowin ’ in the wind like a tumbleweed .
I said to my wife , is this what it has come to ? ”
A new start
The Aguilars have been up for hours .
It ’s not quite 8 on a Sunday morning , and outside , their friend ’s pickup is half full with furniture and boxes .
Today is moving day .
Friends from church are helping , and soon their space in the boardinghouse will be empty .
A month ago , they found a four - bedroom home a few blocks away that they could rent for $ 1,500 a month , not much more than they had been paying , and everyone would have his own room , including Seth , who had just turned four months old .
Rentals are common in the community , they learned , but you have to be careful .
They found one house that they liked , but the lease was for only six months , a sure sign that the owner was facing a foreclosure .
It ’s not uncommon for tenants to pay rent to a landlord who has stopped paying the bank .
When Julian and Lupi toured the four - bedroom , there was a couple ahead of them .
Lupi worried that they were too late .
Julian filled out the application , and later that day , the family met the property manager , who remarked on Seth ’s name .
“ As in the Bible ? ” he asked .
“ Yes , ” Lupi said .
“ Well , ” he said , “ Lupi , your prayers have been answered . ”
As the Aguilars unpack , Lupi hopes that they might be able to buy this home one day .
But for now , her goals are more simple : lunch for anyone who wants it .
Upstairs , Miranda watches
Chris the cat .
She ’s looking forward to stenciling Mickey and Minnie Mouse on a wall in her bedroom , and she ’s staked out the right sink in the bathroom .
Alex can have the one on the left .
Miranda remembers classmates who talked about living in the same house all their lives , and though she knows she wo n’t have that experience , she hopes that she and her family just might be able to make a new start .
She wo n’t be alone in that wish .
In recent months , new developers have bought the empty lots in Mission Crest .
When the next boom hits the High Desert , they will be ready .
thomas.curwen@latimes.com
On the Web : A photo gallery and video can be found at latimes.com / missioncrest
Published online 19 May 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060515-17
News
Recipe for making symmetrical holes in water is easy .
As a bucket of water speeds up , the hole changes shape from a three - sided star to a pentagon .
Credit T.R.N. Jansson
Bizarre geometric shapes that appear at the centre of swirling vortices in planetary atmospheres might be explained by a simple experiment with a bucket of water .
Researchers at the Technical University of Denmark in Lyngby have created similar geometric shapes ( holes in the form of stars , squares , pentagons and hexagons ) in whirlpools of water in a cylindrical bucket1 .
The shapes appear easily enough once the bucket is spinning at a rate of one to seven revolutions per second , they say .
Tomas Bohr and colleagues made plexiglass buckets , 13 and 20 centimetres across , with metal bottoms that could be rotated at high speed by a motor .
They filled the bucket with water and spun the bottom to whip up the liquid into a whirlpool that rose up the sides of the container .
This set - up is very similar to the rotating bucket that Isaac Newton used in the seventeenth century to investigate centrifugal forces .
The researchers found that once the plate was spinning so fast that the water span out to the sides , creating a hole of air in the middle , the dry patch was n't circular as might be expected .
Instead it evolved , as the bucket 's spin sped up , from an ellipse to a three - sided star , to a square , a pentagon , and , at the highest speeds investigated , a hexagon .
In a spin
The apparatus needed to see this strange effect is so simple that it seems surprising that it has never been reported before .
Bohr suggests that either no one was looking for it , or they simply did n't spin water fast enough .
Harry Swinney , a specialist in pattern - forming fluid flows at the University of Texas at Austin , says the new observation is roughly in line with what one might expect .
At high enough rotation speeds , he says , a fluid will always experience some flow instability that creates a symmetrical structure .
Similar polygonal shapes have been reported in gigantic , vortex - like flows in the atmosphere of our planet and others , as well as in the eye of a hurricane2 .
And an immense , hexagonal - shaped vortex was spotted by the Voyager spacecraft at the northern pole of the gas - giant planet Saturn3 .
ADVERTISEMENT
These natural structures have never been fully explained .
Could they be produced by the effect observed by the Danish team ?
" I expect that similar conditions might apply in these atmospheric flows , " says Bohr .
But he admits that at this stage he does n't understand the pattern - forming process well enough to be sure of the comparison .
Swinney , meanwhile , thinks that the process is unlikely to apply to large - scale flows such as that on Saturn , but might be relevant to smaller - scale phenomena such as tornadoes .
Visit our whirlpoolsrevealed .html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
It is the world ’s most populous nation , with an awe - inspiring athletics record and voracious sports viewership .
Its teams dominate events from badminton to diving , gymnastics , and even track and field .
They won more gold medals than any other nation at the 2008 Olympics .
So how is it that China could n’t qualify for the 2010 World Cup ?
“ We ’re 1.3 billion people ; ca n’t we find at least 11 guys who are good at soccer ? ” groaned Gao Wei , a 23 - year - old sports fan .
Every four years , the top 32 national teams compete in the world ’s most widely televised sporting event .
But China ’s not there .
And rubbing salt in the wound , its biggest Asian rivals , Japan and South Korea , both made the cut .
Even penniless North Korea is in the tournament , and held its own in a respectable 2 - 1 loss to top - ranked Brazil .
The absence of the Chinese at the 2010 World Cup is the source of much soul - searching here .
The excuses are many .
Some blame corrupt domestic leagues and lack of emphasis on the sport among young children ; others blame a soccer tradition less pronounced than that of Europe , or the conflict between commercialized leagues and state sport authorities .
“ China has no culture — I mean , no soccer culture , ” declared Gao Yang , who was working for Adidas at a soccer - themed display at a Beijing shopping mall .
Some Chinese believe that their bodies might just not be well - suited to sports like soccer : Traditionally , sports such as badminton and table - tennis have given Asian athletes their greatest successes .
It cannot be claimed that the Chinese are indifferent to soccer : The World Cup match last Saturday between South Korea and Greece was watched by 24 million Chinese .
But for a country as patriotic as China , it ’s unusual that a national sports team find itself a decades - long running joke .
“ Football is my favorite game , ” Deng Xiaoping said in the 1950s .
“ But when I watch China play , I feel like I ’m suffocating . ”
In comparison to the teams of the decidedly capitalist West and totalitarian North Korea , the Chinese soccer squad seems stuck between two ideologies .
“ China ’s lack of success in soccer is due to its conflicted approach to developing the sport , ” said He Ju , a former writer for a state - owned sports newspaper .
The Chinese Football Assn. is a commercial entity overseeing China ’s professional soccer leagues , but it also exists as a department in the government ’s General Administration of Sport .
The two systems work against each other , resulting only in confusion and disorganization , He said .
“ In China we have so many people and so many resources , ” He said .
“ If only we could stick to one method [ of developing soccer ] , we ’d be able to succeed . ”
Compared to men ’s soccer , the women ’s national team has done well .
Women ’s soccer in China , like in much of the rest world , is younger and less commercial .
China ’s team has developed at a similar pace to those in nations traditionally regarded as powerhouses such as Argentina , Brazil , or Italy .
In 1999 , the women ’s team was runner - up to the United States in the World Cup .
Sun Wen , a member of that team , was voted Women ’s Player of the Century in 2002 by FIFA , soccer ’s international governing body .
She shared the honor with American Michelle Akers .
China did not qualify for the 2011 Women ’s World Cup , however .
On the men ’s side , China ’s soccer system is also dogged by allegations of corruption .
The official New China News Agency listed soccer scandals as No. 5 on a list of “ top ten crackdowns in 2009 . ”
Officials , coaches , and players in the top - level Super League were accused of game - fixing and gambling .
At least 20 people were arrested , including the vice chairman of the Chinese Football Assn. , Nan Yong .
In the 2008 season , a player from the Tianjin city team chased a referee down the field at the end of a match and pushed him to the ground .
Since then , the national sports channel has not aired the league ’s games .
“ China ’s [ soccer ] is critically ill , ” the news agency said in another report .
“ The roots must be pulled up along with the grass . ”
However , there also is some recent optimism .
The anti-corruption bust seems to have helped set the Super League on the right track .
In early June , China defeated a full - strength France .
( Discouraged realists are quick to note that the match was only an “ international friendly , ” with no bearing on world ranking ) .
Though he prefers basketball , a sport in which China has earned a solid reputation , Gao , the young sports fan said he is following the World Cup and rooting for his favorite team — Argentina .
But would he cheer for China if they qualified in 2014 ?
Gao paused : “ Well … I would watch their games . ”
Frank is a Times staff writer .
When you get to know free online blackjack , you will either love the game or feel nothing special .
Most players still want to replay after their first game of blackjack .
If you are in the same situation , then you will start to be interested in the precise rules of Blackjack but also in the blackjack strategy that you can put …
A new documentary on the world of falconry claims that Osama Bin Laden is living in a comfortable , private compound north of Tehran , surrounded by his family and under the watchful eye of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard .
The story was reported by Fox News .
Alan Parrot 's film , Feathered Cocaine , describes the secret world of falconers and falconry , which he says Bin Laden pursues freely .
Latest on Bin Laden Bin Laden warns US not to kill 9/11 mastermind AFP Qaeda leader says terror group will kill ' any of you falling into our hands ' if Khaled Sheikh Mohammed executed ; says US ' oppresses us by backing Israel ' Bin Laden warns US not to kill 9/11 mastermind
Parrot was himself the chief falconer of the Shah regime in Iran , and also worked for the Saudi and United Arab Emirates ' royal families .
The documentary shows a testimony by his acquaintance , a weapons ' dealer in northern Iran who says he personally met bin-Laden six times on hunting retreats since 2003 .
Parrot told the Fox network that he had been able to obtain the rare testimony only because one of his employees had saved the man 's life .
“ One of my men saved his life and this was the repayment , " he said .
" He was asked to talk .
He was n’t happy about it . ”
He added that he had tried to get the US Administration involved by providing them with the telemetry setting for the falcons Bin Laden was flying , but that they had never called him to follow up on the information .
They could locate him to a one - square - mile area using those unique signals ” he said .
A Pentagon spokesman refused comment .
Another documentary that supports Parrot 's claim is that by Robert Baer , a harsh critic of US policy in the Middle East .
Baer , whom the movie Syriana was based on , says that while serving in the CIA he learned that falconry was one of the key ways terror organizations were funded .
It was not the first time claims were made regarding the al - Qaeda leader living in Iran .
Tehran agreed to take in 35 of the organization 's leaders after the fall of the Taliban in Afghanistan , and the US has previously accused the regime of supporting it .
Last year , reports said one of Osama 's wives was living in Tehran along with six of his children and 11 of his grandchildren .
The press got word of this when one of the girls living in the complex which Parrot claims houses Bin Laden ran away and asked for sanctuary at the Saudi Embassy .
Fantasy might have made him his fortune , but for his next project , Terry Pratchett is set to venture into the world of science fiction , returning to a concept he first dreamed up almost 25 years ago in collaboration with the award - winning British science fiction writer Stephen Baxter .
Pratchett began work on a novel about a chain of parallel worlds , The Long Earth , in 1986 , just after completing Equal Rites , the third book set in his Discworld universe in which the world is held up by four elephants , standing on a giant turtle .
" I thought to myself [ Discworld ] is fantasy , and I want to get back to my first love , which is science fiction , " Pratchett told the Guardian .
The author had previously written two science fiction novels in the late 70s and early 80s , The Dark Side of the Sun and Strata .
But the Discworld books took off , and Pratchett decided to pursue the fantasy path .
" Equal Rites was very successful , and without me making an actual decision about it , I found I enjoyed writing the Discworld books , and The Long Earth remained on the back burner until the back burner receded over the horizon , " he said .
Digging through his archive recently in search of material for a compilation , his agent , Colin Smythe , stumbled across the unfinished novel and two short stories , and Pratchett began to realise " there was such a lot that could be done with it " .
" It was simply based on the quantum theory idea , that the earth is one of an immeasurable number of earths , each one differing by one electron .
Like a lot of science fiction , or at least like the stuff which interests me , this is a scenario where we can start to have lots of fun , " he said .
" A way is found almost by accident for people to go from one world to another .
An overarching theory here is how much our wars are caused by the scarcity of land .
Supposing that the thickness of a thought away is another earth , almost exactly like this one , and as far as we can tell not inhabited by anything human .
It 'd be the land rush to end all land rushes .
So off we go , but hang on a minute , there are no mobile phones … so there are certain problems : metal does n't go well through whatever ether you step through to get to the next world .
You 're really pretty well having to start again , so it 's a strange kind of situation – people are incredibly rare , they 're the biggest resource you have . "
Pratchett has collaborated with other authors before , working with Neil Gaiman on Good Omens , and was keen to team up with a science fiction writer to develop The Long Earth series .
Baxter , author of Flood , Ark and the Time 's Tapestry and Destiny 's Children series , and winner of the British Science Fiction Association prize and the Philip K Dick award , felt like the right choice .
" I think Stephen Baxter is one of our best science fiction writers , and the best hard science fiction writer , " he said .
" I really like his stuff .
There 's a man who 's at home with trillions …
The nice thing about working with him is that pretty much one or other of us can solve any sort of problem .
It 'll be fun – an antidote to all the other boys and girls being allowed out to play and you typing away by yourself .
I suffer from permanent cabin fever .
It 's having a mirror to bounce things off , and at the same time you 're his mirror as well .
Also he is used to writing hard science fiction . "
At the moment , the pair are both working on other books ( Pratchett 's next Discworld novel is out next autumn ) but they 're bouncing ideas off each other and pinning down the outline for the series , the first book of which will be published by Doubleday in spring 2012 .
" There are excited phone calls – and there will probably be fights over who does what scene , " said Pratchett , who 's particularly looking forward to covering Native Americans visiting a pristine version of the Black Hills of Dakota , " and saying this is great but I really hope we get cell phones going , this blanket and smoke thing really sucks " .
This being a Terry Pratchett series , there will , of course , be humour involved , but the author is adamant that " you ca n't just put humour in a book " .
" There has to be something to play it up against – tragic relief , " he stressed .
" Humour should come from the situation , not because you think it 's a good time to put a joke in . "
Both authors are determined to put the parameters of their world (s ) down in concrete before getting started .
" Once you 've got the science and the background you have to be true to it .
One of the problems of Doctor Who - type fiction is that you can make it up as you go along .
If you do it right , you use the modelling clay you 've got , " said Pratchett .
" You only get one chance to put down the parameters of what 's possible .
I 've been phoning doctors and people like that and saying ' Can this work ? '
You have to find something which seems right and not too blatantly bad from a scientific point of view . "
Generally speaking , " the rule in science fiction is you are allowed one impossible thing , " he said .
" Ours is , supposing we can step to the world next door – to all the words next door .
And let 's see what people do , faced with this …
Of course , being writers we can play with what we know about mankind – offered an absolute paradise , he will find some way of cocking things up . "
ack !
pris ca n’t fit into her bathing suit !!
“ sushi … sounds like something my ex-wife would call me ! ” ( c ) united features syndicate 1977
AMD and Intel are both taking to the stage at this week 's Computex to talk up their plans for the next major turn of Sutherland 's wheel of ( graphics ) reincarnation , a turn that happens at 32nm for both companies .
At this point , graphics processing moves back onto the same die as the processor , although it still keeps most of the specialized hardware that characterizes its less - integrated incarnations .
( A full turn of the wheel , when graphics hardware becomes more fully generalized and less distinguishable from general - purpose CPU hardware , is still a bit further off . )
AMD gave a demo of its upcoming Llano part , which will boast a fully DirectX 11 - compatible GPU integrated onto a 32nm CPU die come early 2011 .
Llano will be part of AMD 's first wave of 32nm parts , and in this respect AMD lags Intel significantly , with the latter being on 32nm already .
Llano represents the first real " Fusion " product for AMD , but it appears to be fusion in its crudest form — take one GPU and one CPU , and put them on the same piece of silicon , along with a memory controller and some I/O .
AMD 's Fusion slides , reproduced here at Engadget ( I saw a similar presentation at the Netbook Summit last week ) , frame the GPU part as an example of heterogeneous multiprocessing — a large array of small vector cores alongside a small number of much larger general - purpose cores .
But the fact that these vector cores are non-x86 and will look to the OS like an ATI GPU indicate that this really is a GPU that has been put on the same die .
( Until the vector cores and the general - purpose cores can run the same code , all this heterogeneous chip multiprocessing stuff is fancy talk for " we put a CPU and a GPU on the same die . " )
( As an aside , what 's most remarkable to me about Fusion is how little the big picture has changed since 2006 .
Everything about what they 've announced so far has been in the cards since shortly after the ATI acquisition , and while the dates have been pushed back on AMD 's roadmaps , my initial analysis of Fusion still stands . )
Intel is taking a similar approach with Sandy Bridge , which is its second - generation family of chips on 32nm ( the " tick " in its tick - tock model ) .
Also due out in early 2011 , Sandy Bridge will combine Intel 's first native 32nm microarchitecture — supposedly a major advance vs. Nehalem — with a GPU and a northbridge .
Architectural details are scarce for both the CPU and GPU sides of Sandy Bridge , but Intel is making big claims for performance boosts in both components .
A major repartition
For both AMD and Intel , GPUs will move on - die in budget and mobile clients first , because those segments are more cost - sensitive and less performance - sensitive .
In other words , the market wants cheaper , not necessarily faster .
But in the case of the transition to Sandy Bridge and Llano , the market will actually get both .
For the first time in the history of the mainstream x86 client , the CPU , GPU , and memory controller will all live on the same die .
This is important , because it 's going drive up bandwidth and drive down latency , so that the CPU and GPU will both benefit from a closer coupling between both one another and main memory .
This should give both Intel 's and AMD 's mobile platforms a real boost compared to the current generation .
Right now , Intel 's current 32nm client platform is a bit of a downgrade from the 45nm server platform in at least one respect , because the latter benefits from a superior system architecture — the memory controller is on the die with the CPU , and a discrete GPU can be tightly coupled as a coprocessor by virtue of the fact that it 's connected directly to the CPU socket .
The mobile architecture , in contrast , is a standard CPU +
Northbridge / IGP architecture of the kind that we 've had years , but with both the CPU and Northbridge / IGP in the same package and socket .
As a result , the Westemere client platform does n't get the same memory latency and bandwidth advantages as the Nehalem platform , because it does n't have an on - die memory controller .
But when the memory controller moves back onto the CPU die and takes the GPU with it , that 's going to give an instant , one - time boost to the overall platform 's performance and efficiency .
In the case of both Intel and AMD , this boost should be large enough that , if you can hold off on your next laptop upgrade until next year , you should .
These kinds of discontinuities , where a major , disruptive repartitioning of the standard system architecture drives a one - off performance boost , are quite rare .
They 're worth holding out for if you can manage it .
Intel 's Mooley Eden has claimed that Sandy Bridge will bring greater than a 4 x boost to performance , all at once .
As with all claims about unreleased hardware , this is to be taken with a grain of salt , but the fact that Eden is even willing to put these claims out there is indicative of the impact that will come from having all of those components under one roof .
( Some of that boost is also supposed to come from various unspecified yet allegedly dramatic microarchitectural tricks .
More details on that when we get them , though . )
NVIDIA left out ?
Not quite .
When the music stops and the GPU and CPU land on the same die , you might think that there 's one company that will be left without a chair .
I 'm talking , of course , about NVIDIA .
But interestingly enough , what technology taketh away , it can giveth back — and NVIDIA will probably get a new lease on life .
Sandy Bridge is rumored to have an on - die PCIe controller ( 2.0 in mobile , 3.0 in desktop ) , and this will be perfect for discrete graphics , both mobile and desktop .
If it does turn out that there is on - die PCIe across segments with Sandy Bridge , then Intel has just rolled out the red carpet for NVIDIA to come in with a solid GPU - as - coprocessor that does n't need much in the way of Optimus - style trickery to provide a very efficient performance boost .
Indeed , for my money , a Sandy Bridge + discrete NVIDIA combo will be the premium mobile platform to beat next year , and I personally can't wait until it comes to the MacBook Air ( my laptop of choice ) .
AMD could surprise us though , because the platform repartitioning will give AMD the chance to do some good system - level engineering and really integrate its CPU / GPU combo with its discrete GPU in ways that are only feasible when both the CPU and discrete GPU maker are one and the same .
Between Llano and Sandy Bridge , 2011 will be a great year for laptops , so if you can hold out until then , you 'll be rewarded with a major upgrade over whatever you 're carrying now .
by Molly Bragg about 5 years ago
My colleague Sean wrote two weeks ago about the efforts a group of us in the library are making towards understanding the scholarly impacts of Duke Digital Collections .
In this post , I plan to continue the discussion with details about the survey we are conducting as well as share some initial results .
After reviewing the … Continue reading Who , Why , and What : the three W’s of the Duke Digital Collections Mini-Survey →
Editor & Publisher reported this today :
The San Diego Union - Tribune laid off more than 30 staffers on Thursday in what Editor Jeff Light called in an editor ’s note an effort to build “ a lean , creative , multi- platform team that can lead the industry . ” [ emphasis added ]
E&P reports that this is the U - T ’s seventh round of staff cuts since 2006 .
In April 2008 , when The Seattle Times cut 200 people , its publisher said : “ Strategic and thoughtful changes to the way we do business will allow us to be positioned for the future . ” [ emphasis added ]
When The New York Times cut 100 jobs in 2009 ( after whacking 100 jobs in 2008 ) , its executive editor said :
These latest cuts will still leave us with the largest , strongest and most ambitious editorial staff of any newsroom in the country , if not the world . …
I believe we can weather these cuts without seriously compromising our commitment to coverage of the region , the country and the world .
We will remain the single best news organization on earth .
[ emphasis added ]
Why is that the MBA - driven leadership of the newspaper industry , after cutting 35,000 mostly newsroom jobs between October 2007 and June 2010 , continues to insist that the future ( for whom ? ) is bright , and news ( about what ? ) will multimedia its way to us day after day , quantity and quality unaffected ?
There are words for that kind of image - driven happy talk : Reality challenged .
Misrepresentation .
Delusion .
Outright lies .
And , of course , bullshit .
U - T‘s Light , who was named editor in February after serving as vice president of the Orange County Register ‘s interactive division , is particularly optimistic and cheerful after ownership canned 30 of his staffers :
We are making changes , beginning today , to build a different kind of newsroom at the Union - Tribune , one that can thrive in an environment of efficiency , fast change and multimedia demand .
[ emphasis added ]
Say what ?
This kind of vague , verbal razzle - dazzle sounds eerily like the business model for the proposed Washington , D.C. , local news website TBD I wrote about here earlier this week .
In addition to hiring a few more “ interactive ” pros , the U - T will “ add a seven - person watchdog team , business beats covering the defense industry , commercial real estate , small business and clean technology , and will increase its Chargers and Padres coverage , among other improvements . ”
Sure .
That ’s how to beef up good local journalism revenue : Increase coverage of the local pro sports teams .
So what ’s the plan for coverage of government ?
Local ?
Regional ?
Statewide ?
( Incidentally , the Beverly Hills investment and buyout firm Platinum Equity bought the Union - Tribune last year from longtime owner The Copley Press of La Jolla .
Tom Gores , a billionaire ranked at number 334 on Forbes ‘ March 2009 billionaires list , heads Platinum Equity . )
But here ’s the kicker .
Says E&P :
At the same time the layoffs are happening , the Union - Tribune is offering entry - level “ junior staff writer ” reporting jobs in the $ 35 K / year range .
Those reporters “ will research and write news and straightforward short stories with low level of complexity , analysis and narrative , ” according to an ad on journalismjobs.com .
[ emphasis added ]
Ah .
Those must be be the guys who will cover government , because , you know , government stories have a “ low level of complexity , analysis and narrative . ”
That also reveals what U - T management thinks of the intellectual capabilities of hoped - for readers , the ones who ’d better show up if advertisers are going to sign on to this “ environment of efficiency , fast change and multimedia demand . ”
So Light ’s new “ multi- platform team ” will “ lead the industry ” ?
To where ?
And for whom ?
Readers ?
Advertisers ?
Or into the already deep pockets of Platinum Equity ?
In this Jalopnik exclusive video — the driver of a Pepsi semi - truck is cut off by an out - of - control Nissan Sentra , overturned and then thrown across the median into oncoming traffic in Dallas .
Update .
We received this video from the North Texas Tollway Authority of an insane crash occurring on the northbound lanes of the Dallas North Tollway just after 10:00 am on Wednesday , May 26th .
In the video it appears as if the Nissan Sentra does n't make the turn and hits the truck , bounces off and then over - corrects , causing the Sentra to then reconnect with the semi , sending the unladen truck into the inbound lanes .
Advertisement
When the truck crosses over a Porsche Cayenne amazingly manages to swerve out of the way and avoid being rushed .
Only six vehicles were involved and just two people were transported to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
UPDATE : Added a new angle on the video .
Click to view
Studies show you can fall in friendship with someone . ❤
Have you ever instantly clicked with a friend ?
Almost like you became friends at first sight ?
Well , it might be more …
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The sloppy Israeli propaganda effort against the Free Gaza humanitarian flotilla has been so bad that the pictures released by the Israeli army have been tagged by alert bloggers as forgeries , some of them having been on the Web for years .
This site alleges that many of the pictures put out by Israel purporting to show arms on the aid ship still contained internal tags allowing them to be identified as old photos from years ago .
Even if the charges of forgery are false , the photos show chains , sticks , an axe– things that would be on any ship .
The defiant speech on Wednesday of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu defending the Israeli boarding of an aid flotilla headed for Gaza , and his insisting that the blockade of Gaza would continue displayed all the problems with hyper- nationalist Israeli discourse , of inappropriate analogies , factual errors , propaganda , and magical thinking .
These fallacies have dominated the narrative presented by members of the Netanyahu government and those who support it .
The first fallacy is to identify all the people of Gaza with the Hamas party - militia , dismissing them all as “ terrorists . ”
But over half of the 1.5 million people of Gaza is children , who can hardly be terrorists .
And if Palestine Authority elections had been held in both the West Bank and Gaza this spring , likely Fatah ( which recognizes Israel and has agreed to peace talks ) would win , not Hamas , according to a recent Angus Reid poll .
( The news is even worse for Hamas : nearly a third of Palestinians want to throw in the towel and seek Israeli citizenship .
Oh , yeah , Palestinian nationalism is such a threat to Israel ; geez , this is like a third of Americans in the 1950s announcing that what they really wanted was Soviet citizenship ) .
So collectively punishing all the people of Gaza , as Israel does , is just wrong .
It necessitates half - starving little children , since they are so much of the population .
And the Israeli perpetrators of the blockade assume that they are punishing Gaza supporters of Hamas when it is clear that a majority of Palestinians would not vote for Hamas at this point .
The Israeli hyper-nationalists argue from contiguity , from things being next to each other , demonizing entire groups and peoples rather than considering their actions in the real world .
Thus , IHH , the fundamentalist Turkish charity that sponsored the lead ship in the aid convoy , sympathizes with the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas .
The ship was then branded a “ Hamas ” vessel .
But none of the passengers is known ever to have actually engaged in anything like terrorism and the Turkish government would not allow it to operate if it were actually considered radical ( look at the way Turkish security tracks down the Turkish Hizbullah ) .
And , since Iran sympathizes with Hamas , as well , and since IHH is a known sympathizer with the plight of the Palestinians in Gaza , actually the ship is not just a Hamas ship but is an Iranian one .
Even though Iran had nothing to do with it and even though it had no weapons aboard .
All of Gaza is transformed by this way of thinking ( if you are sympathetic with a group , you are identical to that group and they are identical to you ) into an “ Iranian port on the Mediterranean . ”
In fact , of course , the Israelis do not allow the Gazans to have a port at all , much less an Iranian one .
And , if that were the danger , then surely Tyre ( in Lebanese Hizbullah territory ) is already an ‘ Iranian port on the Mediterranean , ’ since Iran is a patron of Hizbullah .
But wait , that situation already exists .
And no one in Europe has been menaced by Tyre , of which most of them have not heard .
Imaginary dangers in the future can always be dressed up as more menacing than mundane existing situations .
The fallacies of guilt by association , appeals to emotion , poisoning the well , etc. , etc. reach such a crescendo in this Israeli discourse that the IHH charity is simultaneously accused of being a stalking horse for Shiite Iran and for Shiite - killing hyper - Sunni al - Qaeda .
The absurdity of a whole host of European parliamentarians , former US diplomats , Nobel prize winners , and a Swedish novelist , being fronts for ‘ al - Qaeda ’ is so profound that it is like a Monty Python skit .
‘ No one expects the Spanish Inquisition ! ’
Netanyahu also presents Gaza not as a territory conquered and occupied by Israel , but as an independent Hamas “ regime ” with which Israel is actively at war– a war that would justify a military blockade that must be honored by other nations .
But Gaza is n’t an independent ‘ regime ’ .
It is not a state at all .
It has no army or navy .
It is the height of cruelty for Netanyahu to deny the Palestinians statehood but then to declare that he may half - starve them because he is at war with a Palestinian state !
Gaza is a territory occupied by Israel , which controls its borders , air space and seas , and even whether its children may have chocolate and nutmegs ( the answer is no , and I ca n’t help hearing in my mind a version of the line from Seinfeld about the cranky soup chef : ‘ No nutmeg for you ! ’)
So the entire ‘ blockade of an enemy state during war ’ analogy to World War II trotted out by Netanyahu and his minions is mind - bogglingly stupid .
Since in the real world Israel is the Occupying power in Gaza , it is responsible under the fourth Geneva Convention of 1949 for the welfare of its residents .
Israel may not alter their lifeways , may not engage in collective punishment , and may not arbitrarily “ put them on a diet ” as a Likud spokesman observed was the real motive of the blockade when it was first tried out .
And since there is no Gazan state with which Israel can be at war , but only a squalid slum under the Israeli jackboot , it is not in fact legal for Israel to rampage about attacking civilian aid ships in international waters , summarily murdering the humanitarian workers aboard them .
After all those imbecilic World War II analogies that the Neoconservatives tried to sell us about Iraq , the idea that Netanyahu is yet again just doing his bit to defeat Adolph Hitler by shooting down humanitarian volunteers rings hollow indeed .
It is n’t always 1938 or 1942 , folks .
Get over it .
In reality , the poor Israelis have gradually become one of the last colonial regimes in the world , and they are acting the way the French did in Algeria or the British did in 1950s Kenya before decolonization .
The Israelis have the same chance of ultimate success that the British and French empires had once local people began mobilizing socially and politically , which is to say , none .
The French polished off several hundred thousand people during their futile resistance to Algerian independence , and that seems to be where Israel is now headed .
Except that France was large , populous and could retreat across the Mediterranean , whereas Israel is small , lacking in manpower , and stuck with defending a postage stamp territory from 300 million Middle Easterners almost all of whom deeply sympathize with the people of Gaza .
Netanyahuism can hasten the end of this story , to Israel ’s detriment , but can do nothing to stop the rest of the Middle East from getting wealthier , better educated and more militarily sophisticated over the next decade .
Not to mention that several of the nationals the Israel troops murdered were Turks , whose state is already in the G20 and who already possess a formidable military capacity within a NATO context ( which Israel lacks ) .
All this does not end well for Netanyahuism , which , moreover , is itself bankrupt and hypocritical .
Israel , which keeps screaming about nuclear proliferation , has as many nuclear warheads as the UK .
Netanyahu , who says ‘ terrorist ’ as often as other people say the word ‘ the’ openly celebrates the Zionist terrorist bombing of the King David Hotel late in the British Mandate , which infuriates the British .
Netanyahu had a prominent Hamas leader actually poisoned nearly to death in the late 1990s , and the Clinton administration made him produce an antidote because they wanted to negotiate with him .
Khaled Mashaal , Netanyahu ’s intended murder victim , recently declared that if the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza ended , so would the resistance to it .
That ’s as close as you will get to a peace offering from Hamas ; it could n’t have been made if Netanyahu had succeeded in his bungling attempt to lift the plot of some old Agathie Christie murder mystery .
Netanyahu ’s foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , may be the most corrupt and thuggish politician now serving in elective office anywhere in the world .
A former member of the racist Kach party , Lieberman has a thing about wanting to drown people , whether it be prisoners or the entire Egyptian nation .
Why it is acceptable to fete Netanyahu and Lieberman in Washington but not to so much as negotiate with Hamas is incomprehensible .
And these Israeli thugs get to shoot down innocent aid volunteers in international waters with impunity .
But , well , reality cannot be postponed forever .
There will be unpleasant consequences for Israelis of their inhumane and illegal blockade of Gaza .
Already , a plurality of Norwegians is eager to boycott Israeli products over what they see as Israel ’s Apartheid policies toward the Palestinians .
If Netanyahu and his successors go on like this , that sentiment is sure to grow throughout the European Union .
Israel deeply depends on trade and technology transfers with Europe , and if those dry up in the next decade , it will limit Israel ’s growth and even military strength .
According to the Bible , the ancient Israelis once had a prophet , who dared instruct Pharaoh , “ Let my people go ! ”
The Israelis have fallen into a shameful role for Jews , playing Pharaoh , denying Palestinians not only food , medicine and cement but the very right of citizenship in a state , which is the basis for all civil and human rights .
They have to let those people go .
We know what happened to Pharaoh when he refused .
42.000 Euro Roaming - Gebühren : Diekmanns Telekom - Schulden
Weil " Bild " - Chef Kai Diekmann im Marokko - Urlaub sein Blog bearbeitete , verlangt die Telekom 42.000 Euro Roaming - Gebühren von ihm .
Prompt bat er Telekom - Boss Obermann um Hilfe - vergebens .
BERLIN taz | Kai Diekmanns Pflege seines 100 - Tage - Blogs kaidiekmann .de bestand neben dem geschriebenem
Wort auch aus hochgeladenen Bildern und Videos - auch aus dem Ausland .
Der " Bild " - Chefredakteur war sich offenbar nicht über die bizarr hohen Tarife mobiler Daten - Verbindungen im Ausland im Klaren - und bloggte fleißig aus seinem Marokko - Urlaub .
Ergebnis : 42.000 Euro Roaming - Gebühren .
Und das in nur drei Tagen und obwohl Herr Diekmann das Blog laut Springer - Angaben meistens seinen Mitarbeitern in die Feder diktierte , anstatt eigenhändig zu veröffentlichen .
Nichtsdestotrotz flatterte die saftige Rechnung aus Bonn Herrn Diekmann ins Haus und die Höhe des Betrags vermochte offenbar selbst den " Bild " - Chef zu schockieren , berichtet das Branchenblatt " Kontakter " .
Er legte sofort gegen diese Summe Widerspruch ein - und ging auch noch auf Nummer sicher : Bei einem Management - Meeting des Springer - Verlags in Berlin soll er Gastredner René Obermann gleich persönlich auf die Angelegenheit angesprochen haben - er möge sich doch der Sache annehmen .
Doch leider ohne Erfolg .
Obermann habe ihn vor versammelter Mannschaft daran erinnert , dass er ein ganz normaler Beschwerdeführer sei , der sich " hinten anstellen " muss , sagte Diekmann Süddeutsche.de .
Aus einem Gentlemens Agreement wurde demnach also nichts - aber der Springer Verlag übernimmt ohnehin die Kosten , so Diekmann .
Suddenly the Republican mantra of " drill , baby , drill , " all makes sense ... after all , the oil companies have plans to deal with situations like BP 's Deepwater Horizon rig catastrophe .
And during today 's House Energy & Commerce Subcommittee hearing on the oil spill , Rex Tillerson , the Chairman and CEO of Exxon - Mobil , explained how his company would have jumped into action had it been one of their wells that blew :
TILLERSON : We would have been ready to implement our oil spill response plan .
STUPAK : That 's that nine page plan , right ?
TILLERSON : That 's that 500 page plan you referred to .
STUPAK : Okay , there 's only nine on oil removal , 40 on media , nine on oil removal .
So that nine pages would have been able to prevent the oil from hitting the Gulf shores ?
TILLERSON : The nine page plan would have done what the nine page plan says it 's intended to do , and it says to the maximum extent practicable .
And if you 're thinking nine pages seems pretty skimpy , consider this -- Exxon - Mobil 's disaster plan is designed to control a spill that 's putting out 166,000 gallons barrels per day versus the measly 40,000 gallons barrels per day the BP oil well is spewing .
So , why has n't Exxon - Mobil swooped in to save the day , not to mention the Gulf of Mexico and the economies of five states ?
That would be because Exxon - Mobil 's plan was written by the same contractor used by BP .
Uh-oh .
So , how does Exxon - Mobil 's , and every other oil giant , oil spill response plan really work ?
TILLERSON : The answer to that is that when these things happen , we are not well - equipped to deal with them ...
It 's the scenario that the MMS and the Coast Guard require us to calculate using their methodologies and that 's why it 's in there .
But to your point , and I think that 's all that matters is , the point is , we have to take every step to prevent these things from happening because when they happen , it is a fact that we 're not well equipped to prevent any and all damage ... but there is no response capability that will guarantee you will never have an impact .
It does not exist and it probably will never exist .
Watch it :
And in other news , today a pair of House and Senate Republicans introduced a bill to lift the six - month moratorium on offshore drill designed to investigate " the causes of the spill and ways to prevent future accidents before allowing new drilling starts . "
And why not ?
The oil companies do have their plans ready to be implemented .
It was fun times to sit and watch the Darkfall controversy , which culminated in Kieron reviewing the game for Eurogamer .
But you do n’t have to allow his clever words to control your feeble mind , because you can now judge for yourself with a 14 - day trial .
I know , just what I was waiting for , too .
KG EDIT : You need to be prepared to fight this guy …
There are plenty of wireless spy-cams around , but this one gets a special mention because it is so cute , and at the same time so very sinister .
The BL - C230A from Panasonic will sit and wait , staring unblinkingly at its assigned slice of the world , watching patiently for some action .
Should it hear a sound , see movement or detect body - heat – Predator - style – it will go into action and start filming the unfolding shenanigans , day or night .
The footage can then be emailed to you , or send directly to a VIERA link - compatible TV .
If you prefer , you can just dial - in and watch the 30 fps , H.264 stream over the 802.11b/ g network .
You can also pan and zoom remotely and connect up to 16 of these critters together to make a truly UK - style surveillance network .
It 's not cheap , though .
Despite looking like a baby - monitor , one camera will cost you $ 300 .
Worth it , we guess , if you are truly paranoid .
Panasonic BL - C230A Wireless Network Camera [ Panasonic via Oh Gizmo ]
Image caption Mr Medvedev and Mr Miller discussed the issue on TV last week
Russia 's state - controlled gas monopoly Gazprom has started to cut supplies to neighbour Belarus over its debt after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered the reduction .
Last week , Mr Medvedev warned Belarus that unless it paid off its gas debts within five days , it would face cuts .
Gazprom says Belarus owes about $ 200 m ( £ 134 m ; 160 m euros ) after failing to pay increased prices .
About a fifth of Europe 's supplies of Russian gas is pumped through Belarus .
It was not clear whether the dispute would affect European customers or if Gazprom would be able to send more gas via Ukraine , said the BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow .
Russia has started cutting gas supplies by 15 % on Monday , gradually due to increase to more than 80 % if there is no breakthrough in continuing negotiations between the two countries .
Gas supplies will be reduced " day - by - day , proportionally to the debt's volume " , Gazprom 's chief executive Alexei Miller said , according to Ria Novosti news agency .
Gazprom cannot accept debt repayments in anything , be it pies , butter , cheese or other means of payment Dmitry Medvedev , Russian President
Mr Miller said Belarus admitted having the debt .
" But it proposes to pay it with machinery , equipment and various other products , " Mr Miller told Mr Medvedev on Russian television .
Mr Medvedev said foreign payments could only be accepted in foreign currencies : " Gazprom can not accept debt repayments in anything , be it pies , butter , cheese or other means of payment . "
Lower price
Belarus , which has recently complained of financial difficulties , has challenged the Russian claim and refused to pay .
Belarus insists Russia provide it with cheap oil and gas as part of a customs union deal between the two countries which is due to come into force next month .
Last week , Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko said his country owed nothing to Gazprom , but would settle any disagreement .
Mr Lukashenko says prices should have remained the same as part of the forthcoming customs union deal .
Belarus wants to settle any outstanding debt at last year 's lower prices .
Russia increased the price of gas supplied to Belarus from $ 150 per 1,000 cubic metres of gas last year , to $ 169.20 in the first quarter of 2010 and $ 184.80 in the second .
But Belarus has continued to pay at $ 150 .
Gazprom said at this rate it could owe $ 500 m or $ 600 m by the end of the year .
Dependent
Belarus is an important part of the pipeline network which transports Russian gas supplies to Europe .
It remains heavily dependent on Russia to meet its own energy needs , and a considerable proportion of Russian oil and gas exports to Europe pass through it .
Russia and Belarus are supposed to be close allies , but have had several rows in recent years , particularly over energy supplies , correspondents say .
Russia has not been afraid to cut supplies to countries it accuses of falling behind in their payments .
In January 2006 and again in 2009 , Russia cut gas supplies to Ukraine , causing knock - on effects all over Europe .
In January this year , a row nearly resulted in Russian oil deliveries to Belarus being halted .
Russia 's critics have accused it of using its energy supplies as a political weapon .
Sixth Sense director M. Night Shyamalan has a new movie out .
It 's called The Last Airbender ; it is apparently based on some kind of cartoon ; and it really , truly sucks .
Like , " 4 per cent ' fresh ' on Rotten Tomatoes " sucks .
This is probably not very surprising to anyone who was unfortunate enough to see Shyamalan 's last movie , The Happening , or his movie before that , The Lady in the Water , or , for that matter , the one before that , The Village , or its predecessor Signs , or , let 's be honest , the movie before that one , Unbreakable .
It may be surprising to the movie executives who signed off this project , because I assume they have not seen any of those movies , due to , if you had , you would not have allowed this to happen .
The Last Airbender is the tale of , oh , who the hell knows .
It is basically Star Wars with a Buddhist " theme , " and it stars Aasif Mandvi from The Daily Show .
You may remember when this movie was being made there was a fair amount of controversy about the cast being largely white , when the characters in the source material were Asian .
Attention , Asian community :
You seem to have dodged a bullet .
What is wrong with this movie ?
Besides being directed by M. Night Shyalaman , I mean .
Well :
The script sucks , albeit hilariously , according to The Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan :
In fact , if there is anything that is intended to resonate with adults , at least parents of the New Age persuasion , it is the philosophical truisms that dot the dialogue , lines like " water teaches us acceptance , " " you must let anger go , " " there is no love without sacrifice " and the ever - popular , " is there a spiritual place where I can meditate ? "
Do you mind if I just copy and paste some of that again , just for , you know , emphasis ?
" water teaches us acceptance , " " you must let anger go , " " there is no love without sacrifice " and the ever - popular , " is there a spiritual place where I can meditate ? "
Oh , wow !
Maybe those lines can be redeemed by the acting ?
Ha. Ha !
No , says Keith Phipps at the A.V. Club :
Shyamalan lets his unimpressive special effects do the work for him while coaxing performances from his young cast that make Jake Lloyd 's performance in The Phantom Menace look studied .
Keith Phipps just went there .
You must let anger go , Keith !
What else sucks about this movie , besides that it is worse than The Phantom Menace ?
Apparently it is quite dark , according to A.O. Scott of the New York Times .
Not " dark , " like , " mature and serious . "
" Dark , " like , " you ca n't see a goddamn thing " :
The movie is so dim and fuzzy that you might mistake your disposable 3 - D glasses for someone else 's prescription shades .
And Mr. Shyamalan 's fondness for shallow - focus techniques , with a figure in the foreground presented with sharp clarity against a blurred background , is completely out of place in the deep - focus world of modern 3 - D .
Roger Ebert sums it up :
" The Last Airbender " is an agonizing experience in every category I can think of and others still waiting to be invented .
The laws of chance suggest that something should have gone right .
Not here .
Aw , poor Ebert .
Is there a spiritual place where you can go meditate , maybe ?
[ Rotten Tomatoes ; Metacritic ]
Q : Will an Intel Core i3 processor work for playing games ?
If yes , will it work if the PC only has 4GB of RAM ?
Compared to flagship processors with eight or more cores , contemporary quad - core Core i3 CPUs may seem too weak to handle games .
If you have an older Core i3 chip with just two cores and four threads , it might seem even less capable .
But you do n’t need to have mid-tier gear for PC gaming .
( In fact , we built a $ 300 gaming PC using a processor that ’s more budget than a Core i3 processor . )
Your rig wo n’t be anywhere near as fast as if you had a Core i5 part , but you can still pair it with a graphics card .
We suggest selecting a similarly affordable graphics card , with $ 150 to $ 200 as the maximum spent .
Then tweak the settings until you find a good balance between visual quality and frame rate .
Depending on the GPU and the game , you may need to dial down the resolution and / or graphics presets , but you should often be able to find a workable sweet spot .
To read this article in full , please click here
MMORPG.com are reporting that now defunct fan site Ithorians.com has pictures of what seems to be a play guide for Star Wars : The Old republic ( most likely for some test version of the game ) .
Whether this is real or some hoax is hard to confirm , but you can see the images yourself here :
There are n’t a lot of surprises in the guide , mostly confirming fairly standard play mechanics .
The only things of note are that it mentions that players can fill in a surname and that on death players respawn at a med center .
[ Haskell - cafe ]
How does one get off haskell ?
Hi list , I 'm facing a really tough problem .
About 3 years ago I stopped doing freelance and quite nicely paid projects in Java , PHP and C# .
Now I 'm dire straits , again , and need to get back into the project market which seems to have picked up again , quite a lot of projects out there and it looks like I could ask again for decent rates .
( I personally call them compensation because I never ever enjoyed doing Java etc. but the money was good . )
Anyway the problem is that I am totally reluctant to code in anything else but haskell .
It has always been a problem to me getting up early in the morning , taking a train to work and coming back in the evening totally exhausted .
But I think I could manage that again , at least for 3 or 6 months and then my bank account will be fine again and I can take it easy for another year or so .
But this time all this is much harder .
I really cannot see myself writing such huge amounts of code over and over again not doing much , well you know the story .
BTW this is not meant as a fun post , I 'm actually quite serious , ie .
I need money , only way of getting it is doing Java , C# or PHP .
So how does one get off haskell ?
Are there people in similar situations that have managed ?
How did you do it ?
Günther
BP stock getting hit with a variety of rumors as to the cause - one is that the culprit is a Fortune article , which quotes Matt Simmons ( whom we have quoted before as being supportive of nuking the leak ) that BP " has about a month before they declare Chapter 11 .
They 're going to run out of cash from lawsuits , cleanup and other expenses .
One really smart thing that Obama did was about three weeks ago he forced BP CEO Tony Hayward to put in writing that BP would pay for every dollar of the cleanup .
But there is n't enough money in the world to clean up the Gulf of Mexico .
Once BP realizes the extent of this my guess is that they 'll panic and go into Chapter 11 . "
The other rumor which is gaining traction , is that BP has hired a bankruptcy lawyer .
Then again , seeing how today was the 1,293,498th time the Radioshack LBO rumor pushed the stock higher , all this media rumormongering should certainly be taken with a blob of oil .
When does 2 + 2 = 5 ?
When you ’re taking the state math test .
Despite promises that the exams — which determine whether students advance to the next grade — would not be dumbed down this year , students got “ partial credit ” for wrong answers after failing to correctly add , subtract , multiply and divide .
Some got credit for no answer at all .
“ They were giving credit for blatantly wrong things , ” said an outraged Brooklyn teacher who was among those hired to score the fourth - grade test .
State education officials had vowed to “ strengthen ” and “ increase the rigor ” of both the questions and the scoring when about 1.2 million kids in grades 3 to 8 — including 450,000 in New York City — took English exams in April and math exams last month .
But scoring guides obtained by The Post reveal that kids get half - credit or more for showing fragments of work related to the problem — even if they screw up the calculations or leave the answer blank .
Examples in the fourth - grade scoring guide include :
* A kid who answers that a 2 - foot - long skateboard is 48 inches long gets half - credit for adding 24 and 24 instead of the correct 12 plus 12 .
* A miscalculation that 28 divided by 14 equals 4 instead of 2 is “ partially correct ” if the student uses the right method to verify the wrong answer .
* Setting up a division problem to find one - fifth of $ 400 , but not solving the problem — and leaving the answer blank — gets half - credit .
* A kid who subtracts 57 cents from three quarters for the right change and comes up with 15 cents instead of 18 cents still gets half - credit .
* A student who figures the numbers of books in 35 boxes of 10 gets half - credit despite messed - up multiplication that yields the wrong answer , 150 instead of 350 .
These questions ask students to show their work .
The scoring guidelines , called “ holistic rubrics , ” require that points be given if a kid ’s attempt at an answer reflects a “ partial understanding ” of the math concept , “ addresses some element of the task correctly , ” or uses the “ appropriate process ” to arrive at a wrong solution .
Despite flubbing the answer , students can get 1 point on a 2 - point problem and 1 or 2 points on a 3 - pointer .
The Brooklyn teacher said she and peers who had trained to score the tests were stunned at some instructions .
“ Everybody in the room was upset , ” she said .
The teacher had scored tests with some “ controversial questions ” for several years , but “ this time it was more outrageous , ” she said .
“ You feel like you ’re being forced to cheat . ”
Scorers joked about giving points to kids who wrote their names , brought a pencil or shared gum .
However , score inflation is not funny , the whistleblower said .
“ The kids who really need the help are just being shuffled along to the next grade without the basic skills to have true success .
They are given a hollow success — that ’s the crime of it .
The state DOE is doing a disservice to its children . ”
Some testing experts are also troubled .
Ray Domanico , a former head of data analysis for city schools , said kids deserve a little credit for partial knowledge but agreed the scoring system “ raises some questions about whether it ’s too generous . ”
State Education Department spokesman Tom Dunn defended the scoring .
“ All teachers who score exams receive clear training and rubrics that detail scoring criteria for every question on the tests , ” he said .
“ Students who show work and demonstrate a partial understanding of the mathematical concepts or procedures embodied in the question receive partial credit . ”
But a few extra points can let a failing kid squeak by .
A year ago , Chancellor Joel Klein boasted that the city was making “ dramatic progress ” when 82 percent of city students passed the state math test and 69 percent passed in English , up sharply from 2002 .
And fewer kids have been left back in recent years .
What officials did n’t reveal was that the number of points needed to pass proficiency levels has , in most cases , steadily dropped .
The state Board of Regents , which oversees the tests , has postponed the release of results until late July , but let the city Department of Education set its own “ promotional cut scores ” to decide which kids may be held back .
The DOE will release those scores in the next two weeks , a spokesman said .
carl.campanile@nypost.com
Homosexuality is abomination .
The Christian Right says so all the time , and non-religious LGBT activists say it too , to relegate religion to humanity ’s dustheap .
After all , is n’t that what it says in the Bible ?
No — and progressive religionists should not use the word .
It ’s a mistranslation and a misconception , doing harm to LGBT people and religious people alike .
The word “ abomination ” is found , of course , in the King James translation of Leviticus 18:22 , a translation which reads , “ Thou shalt not lie with mankind , as with womankind : it [ is ] abomination . ”
Yet this is a thoroughly misleading rendition of the word toevah , which , while we may not know exactly what it means , definitely does not mean “ abomination . ”
An “ abomination ” conjures up images of things which should not exist on the face of the earth : three - legged babies , oceans choked with oil , or Cheez - Whiz .
And indeed , this is how many religious people regard gays and lesbians .
It ’s Adam and Eve , not Adam and Steve .
Homosexuality is unnatural , a perversion , a disease , an abomination .
Yet a close reading of the term toevah suggests an entirely different meaning : something permitted to one group , and forbidden to another .
Though there is ( probably ) no etymological relationship , toevah means taboo .
The term toevah ( and its plural , toevot ) occurs 103 times in the Hebrew Bible , and almost always has the connotation of a non-Israelite cultic practice .
In the Torah , the primary toevah is avodah zara , foreign forms of worship , and most other toevot flow from it .
The Israelites are instructed not to commit toevah because other nations do so .
Deuteronomy 18:9 - 12 makes this quite clear :
When you come into the land that YHVH your God gives you , do not learn to do the toevot of those nations .
Do not find among you one who passes his son or daughter through the fire ; or a magician ; or a fortune teller , charmer , or witch … because all who do these things are toevah to YHVH and because of these toevot YHVH your God is driving them out before you .
Elsewhere , Deuteronomy 7:25 - 26 commands :
[ Y]ou shall burn the statues of their gods in fire .
Do not desire the silver and gold on them and take it onto yourself , else you be snared by it , for it is a toevah to YHVH your God .
And you shall not bring toevah to your home
Deut .
12:31 , 13:14 , 17:4 , 27:15 , and 32:16 further identify idolatry , child sacrifice , witchcraft , and other “ foreign ” practices as toevah , and Deut .
20:18 says that avoiding toevah justifies the genocide of the Hittites , Amorites , Canaanaites , Perizzites , Hivites , and Jebusites .
So , toevah is serious , but it is serious as a particular class of cultic offense : a transgression of national boundary .
It is certainly not “ abomination . ”
Toevah is used four times in Leviticus 18 — once to refer to male homosexual acts , and then three times as an umbrella term .
As in Deuteronomy , the signal feature of toevot is that the other nations of the Land of Israel do them : “ You shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments , and shall not commit these toevot … because the people who were in the land before you did these toevot and made the land impure ( tameh ) ” ( Lev. 18:26 - 27 ; see also Lev. 18:29 ) .
The term is repeated with reference to homosexual activity in Lev. 20:13 .
Similarly , the Books of Kings and Chronicles use toevah nine times to refer to acts that other nations did in the Land of Israel :
1 Kings 14:24 ( general ) ;
2 Kings 16:3 ( child sacrifice ) ;
2 Kings 21:2 and 2 Kings 21:11 ( idolatry ) ;
2 Chron. 28:3 ( child sacrifice ) ;
2 Chron. 33:2 ( idolatry ) ;
2 Chron. 34:33 , 36:8 , and 36:14 ( general ) .
( Ezra 9:1 , 9:11 , and 9:14 use the word in exactly the same way . )
In all these cases , toevah refers to a foreign cultic behavior wrongly practiced by Israelites and Israelite kings .
And likewise , the prophet Ezekiel uses the term toevah a record - setting 39 times to refer to idolatry ( Ez. 5:11 , 6:9 , 6:11 , 7:20 , 14:6 , 20:7- 8 , 22:2 , 44:6-7 , 44:13 ) , usury ( Ez. 18:13 ) , haughtiness and pride ( Ez. 16:47 - 50 ; the “ Sin of Sodom ” — more on that in a future article ) , heterosexual adultery ( Ez. 22:11 , 33:26 ) , and violence ( Ez. 33:26 ) , as well as a general term for foreign acts ( Ez. 16:51 ) or transgression , often in a cultic context ( Ez. 5:9 , 7:3- 4 , 7:8-9 , 9:4 , 11:18 , 11:21 , 12:16 , 16:2 , 16:43 , 18:24 , 20:4 , 33:29 , 36:31 ) .
In one extended passage ( Ez. 8:1-18 ) , Ezekiel is taken on a visionary tour of toevot , all of which have to do with idolatry and each , Ezekiel says , is worse than the previous one , beginning with an image on the door of the gate of Jerusalem , to idols and imagery in a house of worship , to women weeping for the god Tammuz , * to men worshipping the sun within the Temple itself .
This extended passage , with six mentions of toevah , links the term in every instance with avodah zara , or idolatry .
In five instances , Ezekiel mentions toevah together with both idolatry and zimah or znut , “ whoredom ” ( Ez. 16:22 , 16:36 , 16:58 , 23:26 , 43:8 ) , strongly suggesting that the nature of sexual toevah is not mere lewdness , and certainly not loving intimate expression , but sexuality in a cultic context .
Detestable Because it is Foreign , or Foreign Because it is Detestable ?
Now , so far , it is unclear whether a toevah is detestable because it is foreign , or foreign because it is detestable .
This question is resolved elsewhere in the Bible , because Israelites are not the only ones with toevot .
There are several examples of things which are toevah for Egyptians but perfectly acceptable for Israelites .
Genesis 43:32 states that eating with Israelites is toevah for Egyptians .
Gen. 43:34 states that shepherds are toevah to Egyptians — the sons of Israel are themselves shepherds .
In Exodus 8:22 , Moses describes Israelite sacrifices as being toevat mitzrayim ( toevah of Egypt ) , although obviously Israelite ritual is not an objective “ abomination . ”
If toevah means abomination , then eating with shepherds , eating with Israelites , and Israelite sacrifices themselves must be abominable !
Since this clearly is not the case , toevah cannot mean “ abomination ” in any ontological sense — it must be a relative quality .
Toevah can also mean other things .
It can refer to ritual imperfection : Deut .
17:1 uses it to refer to the sacrifice of a blemished animal , and Deut .
19:19 bans as toevah sacrifices bought through prostitution or “ the price of a dog . ”
Deut .
22:5 calls crossdressing a toevah ( incidentally , in Orthodox Jewish law , this includes women wearing pants ) .
Remarriage ( i.e. of the same two parties ) is toevah according to Deut .
24:4 .
The sole ethical use of the term in the Torah is in Deut .
25:16 , in which the use of unequal weights and measures is called toevah .
In the Book of Proverbs ( which comes late in the Bible but which scholars believe to have been composed prior to the Deuteronomic and Levitical material ) , toevah is used twenty - one times to refer to various ethical failings , including the ways , thoughts , prayers and sacrifices of the wicked ( Prov. 3:32 , 15:8-9 , 15:26 , 16:12 , 21:27 , 28:9 ) , pride ( Prov. 6:16 , 16:5 ) , evil speech ( Prov. 8:7 ) , false weights ( Prov. 11:1 , 20:10 , 20:23 ) , devious heartedness ( Prov. 11:20 ) , lying ( Prov. 12:22 , 26:25 ) , scoffing ( Prov. 24:9 ) , justifying the wicked and defaming the righteous ( Prov. 17:15 ) .
Interestingly , Proverbs 13:19 says that “ to turn from evil is toevah to fools , ” again suggesting that toevah is something relative in nature .
Similarly , Prov. 29:27 says poetically : “ An unjust man is toevah to the righteous , and the straightforward man is toevah to the wicked . ”
Finally , other books of the Bible adapt the meaning of toevah in accord with their overall literary agendas .
Isaiah uses it to refer to the sacrifices of hypocrites ( 1:13 , 44:19 ) , as a taunt against earthly power ( 41:14 ) , and idolatry ( 66:3 ) .
Jeremiah associates toevah with idolatry ( Jer. 2:7 , 7:10 , 32:35 ) and unspecified transgression ( Jer. 6:15 , 8:12 , 44:22 ) .
Malachi ( 2:11 ) uses it to refer to the Israelites ’ having “ married the daughter of a foreign god . ”
And Psalm 88:9 poetically uses the term to refer to being alienated from one ’s friend : “ You have taken me far from my acquaintance ; made me a toevah to him , put away , and I can not come out . ”
Even these variant uses , in most cases , point to the nature of toevah as something foreign or , more generally , something which is or ought to be far away from oneself .
Proverbs ’ use of toevah is the exception , rather than the rule ; in the overwhelming majority of cases , toevah has nothing to do with ethics , and everything to do with cultic behavior , idolatry , and foreign ritual .
However we may understand this type of transgression , it is certainly not “ abomination ” in the modern sense .
Indeed , “ abomination ” itself is an inexact translation , used by the King James and other biblical translations for multiple terms .
The KJV uses the word twenty - six times to refer to sheketz , an analogous term to toevah which refers usually to idolatry and occasionally to other taboos such as forbidden animals ( Lev. 11:10 - 13 ) .
Likewise , Leviticus 7:18 describes leftover sacrificial meat as pigul — but King James again says “ abomination . ”
And 1 Samuel 13:4 , speaking of King Saul and the Philistines , uses the term nivash , yet again rendered as “ abomination . ”
And so on , including 1 Kings 11:5 - 7 , 2 Kings 23:13 , Isaiah 66:17 , Daniel 11:31 , Daniel 12:11 ( sheketz ) , and many more .
The KJV even uses “ abomination ” six times in translation of New Testament texts ( Matthew 24:15 , Mark 13:14 , Luke 16:15 , and Revelation 17:4 - 5 , 21:27 ) .
All these biblical terms refer to different , albeit similar , violations , yet the umbrella term “ abomination ” elides any distinction between them .
As a result , the KJV lists exactly 150 occurrences of the term “ abomination , ” though only 103 of them translate toevah .
Now , if by “ abomination , ” the King James means a cultural prohibition — something which a particular culture abhors but another culture enjoys — then the term makes sense .
But in common parlance , the term has come to mean much more than that .
Today , it connotes something horrible , something contrary to the order of nature itself , or God ’s plan , or the institution of the family , or whatever .
It is this malleability of meaning , and its close association with disgust , that makes “ abomination ” a particularly abominable word to use .
The term implies that homosexuality has no place under the sun ( despite its presence in over 300 animal species ) , and that it is an abomination against the Divine order itself .
Again , toevah is not a good thing — but it does n’t mean all of that .
Progressive religionists must stop using the word “ abomination ” to refer to toevah .
The word plays into the hands of fundamentalists on the one hand , and anti-religious zealots on the other , both of whom want to depict the Bible as virulently and centrally concerned with the “ unnatural ” acts of gays and lesbians .
In fact , toevah is mostly about idolatry , and male homosexual behavior is only as abominable as remarriage or not keeping kosher .
Whenever we use the word “ abomination ” we are perpetuating the misunderstanding of biblical text and the religious persecution of LGBT people .
Personally , I like “ taboo ” as a replacement .
It conveys the culturally relative nature of toevah , has some connotation of foreignness , and rightly aligns the taboo against homosexuality with taboos against , for example , eating unkosher food .
It also has a vaguely archaic feel , which it should .
Admittedly , “ taboo ” began as tabu , and specifically refers to a particular concept in Pacific indigenous religion ; it is a bit inexact to import it to Judaism and Christianity .
Yet the word has , by now , entered the common parlance , and in that general sense , it matches toevah fairly well .
( Alternatively , we could stick with the Hebrew term , the foreignness of which heightens the foreignness of the biblical concerns about homosexuality . )
One thing remains clear , though : what ’s really abominable here is the word “ abomination ” itself .
* Originally characterized Tammuz as a goddess not a god ( thanks to reader Kay Dekker for catching the error ) .
Violence is now reaching tourist spots that before seemed off - limits to the killers , writes WILLIAM BOOTHin Taxco
MANY TIMES , the victims in Mexico ’s drug war simply disappear .
Just a few miles outside this quaint tourist town filled with silver jewellery shops , Mexican authorities discovered where some ended up .
For months , maybe for years , feuding drug mafias have unloaded their bound - and - gagged victims from pick - up trucks and car trunks and thrown them down a deep , dark hole .
It is one of the most macabre spectacles in a drug war that each week brings news of greater barbarities .
For the past year , locals here reported rumours of strange vehicles on the road at night .
And in May , the Mexican military arrested some gunmen who revealed , under pressure , the existence of a mass grave , which is the largest found in Mexico .
It does not look like much from the surface .
A simple concrete - block building , tagged with a scrawl of graffiti , covers the entrance to a ventilation shaft designed to feed air into nearby silver mines .
The mines have been closed for three years by striking workers demanding better pay from the owner , one of the biggest corporations in Mexico .
State investigators rappelled down the 4.6 m - wide ( 15 ft ) shaft through darkness to reach the bottom , 50 stories down , where they found a cold , dripping - wet cavern filled with noxious gases .
As they panned their headlamps around the cave , they initially thought they saw 25 bodies , then 55 .
But as they struggle to reassemble the bodies at the morgue in the capital city , they think they have found the remains of 64 people .
“ It was like a quicksand , but filled with bodies , ” said Luis Rivera , a chief criminologist , who was one of the first to drop into the mine .
“ We were stepping on them – it was a very challenging working environment . ”
The recovery of the remains took five days , and the work of identifying the dead has just begun , a task made more difficult by the fact that some cadavers were mummified , others were dismembered by the fall , and at least four of the victims had been decapitated .
“ There are headless bodies , but some of the heads do n’t match the bodies , ” Rivera said .
Investigators said it also appeared that many of the victims were alive when they were thrown down the mine shaft .
A few might even have survived the fall before they succumbed to injuries .
Medical examiners have identified only eight bodies so far .
One was Daniel Bravo Mota , a Guerrero state prison director who had gone missing in late May .
As Mexico fights a US - backed war against the powerful criminal mafias , the news headlines continue to numb .
The media reported on the mass grave for a few days , and then moved on .
But increasingly , the violence is reaching popular tourist spots – safe zones that had before seemed off - limits to the killers .
In the resort city of Cancún , authorities last week uncovered the decomposing remains of 12 people lying in nearby sinkholes , known as cenotes .
Earlier , they had discovered six others .
Three were found with their hearts removed .
Some had the letter “ Z ” carved onto their abdomens , a clue perhaps left by the paramilitary drug cartel known as Los Zetas .
In the Pacific coast state of Nayarit , governor Ney Gonzalez Sanchez abruptly suspended the school year three weeks early as anxious parents , upset by rumours and threats on Twitter and YouTube , demanded action while fearing attacks on children .
The hotel zone in Acapulco has been the scene of hours - long gun battles between the military and assassins , who have used grenades in the fights .
A cartel leader was found and killed by Mexican marines in a luxurious condo in colonial Cuernavaca .
In Michaocan , where tourists flock to see the annual migration of monarch butterflies , cartel gunmen ambushed a convoy of federal police , killing 15 of them two weeks ago .
Taxco was supposed to be a safe haven .
Built to mine silver and developed in the early colonial period by the soldiers of conquistador Hernan Cortes , Taxco is a hill town of red tile roofs , restaurants with sweeping views and lots of shops selling silver jewellery to no one these days .
A few blocks from the central square , neighbours declined to speak much about an attack in which military forces , acting last week on a tip , killed 15 cartel gunmen at an apartment house on a quiet street .
The street - level apartment , its windows shot out and walls pocked with bullet holes , still smells rank with blood .
– ( Washington Post - Bloomberg )
Remember those rumors about a Team ICO Collection ?
Yeah , apparently Amazon France seems to think it 's a sure thing , since the compilation has been listed for a June 2011 release .
Featuring ICO and Shadow of the Colossus with spangly new HD visuals , the collection is priced at € 69.95 .
This listing follows the recent speculation that The Sly Collection is set to herald an " HD Classics " series , and there is little doubt that Team ICO 's games would be perfect for such an endeavor .
Until there 's an official announcement , this is mere gossip , but with so much evidence mounting up , it seems that Sony ought to just hold its hands up and confirm the bloody thing .
There will be no shortage of fans who'll cream their jeans at the news .
Amazon France lists Team ICO Collection [ VG247 ]
Looking to root the Droid X ?
You can now do so .
The lads at AllDroid broke down the biggest phone still standing , and you can now access all the secret chambers of its inner ...
Oh , what 's root , you ask ?
Check out our handy Root FAQ here .
This still does n't quite kill off all the FUD regarding the bootloader .
We 're talking root access , not custom ROMs just yet .
But it 's a big step .
You 'll need to be handy with the command line ( and if you can copy and paste , you should be ) , and read the instructions , because everything on the Droid X will have root access after this .
[ AllDroid via Android Central Forums ]
Thanks to everyone who sent this in !
( Corrects quote in paragraph 2 to make clear reference is to Revolutionary Guards naval forces )
TEHRAN , June 6 ( Reuters ) - Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards are ready to provide a military escort to cargo ships trying to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza , a representative of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday .
" Iran 's Revolutionary Guards naval forces are fully prepared to escort the peace and freedom convoys to Gaza with all their powers and capabilities , " Ali Shirazi , Khamenei 's representative inside the Revolutionary Guards , was quoted as saying by the semi-official Mehr news agency .
Any intervention by the Iranian military would be considered highly provocative by Israel which accuses Iran of supplying weapons to Hamas , the Islamist movement which rules Gaza .
The Guards , with their own navy , air force and command structure separate from the regular armed forces , are seen as fiercely loyal to the values of the Islamic Republic .
" If the Supreme Leader issues an order for this then the Revolutionary Guard naval forces will do their best to secure the ships , " Shirazi said .
" It is Iran 's duty to defend the innocent people of Gaza . "
Last Monday Israeli troops killed nine activists on board one ship in a convoy trying to deliver aid to Gaza , sparking international outrage , especially in Muslim countries .
Another ship was boarded on Saturday and pro-Palestinian activists have promised more as they challenge the blockade imposed four years ago with the stated aim of stopping arms getting to Hamas .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel will continue to stop ships reaching the shore and creating " an Iranian port in Gaza " , a reference to Iran 's support for Hamas .
( Writing by Robin Pomeroy ; Editing by Noah Barkin )
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
While the U.S. Air Force is mum about the orbital whereabouts of its X - 37B mini-space plane , a dedicated band of amateur skywatchers has got its cross -hairs on the spacecraft .
The unpiloted X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle 1 was lofted on April 22 atop an Atlas launcher .
It is being flown under the auspices of the U.S. Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office .
In U.S. military tracking parlance , when the space plane reached orbit it became identified as Catalog Number 36514 , 2010 - 015A , OTV - 1 ( USA 212 ) .
[ Video : X - 37B space plane spotted . ]
From there it entered a cone of silence regarding any on - orbit duties .
But thanks to a worldwide eyes - on - the - sky network of amateurs , the spacecraft is reportedly in a 39.99 degrees inclination , circling the Earth in an orbit 401 kilometers by 422 kilometers .
This data may change slightly as the vehicle 's orbit is better refined , said Greg Roberts of Cape Town , South Africa , a pioneer in using telescopic video cameras to track spacecraft , chalking up exceptional results over the years .
More On This ...
Inside the Air Force ’s secret space plane
The Air Force has not said what the robotic ship is for , but analysts say the X - 37B is likely a spy craft and almost surely not a weapon .
[ X - 37B spacecraft photos . ]
Absolute confidence
Roberts said that those sighting the craft have " absolute confidence " in their observations , claiming no chance of it being anything else .
" The fact that we have now seen it several times confirms that the orbit we have is very close to the real orbit -- perhaps an error of a few kilometers or so at most , " he told SPACE.com .
" One of our North American members got a brief view of what was suspected to be the space plane under somewhat difficult circumstances before it was no longer visible in the evening sky from the United States , " Roberts said .
That single observation was not enough to define the spacecraft 's inclination as the skywatcher used binoculars , Roberts added .
Video observers of the sky get " traces " when they record the object of interest , he continued , so it 's possible to determine the angle of travel and hence an idea of the inclination .
Roberts said the space plane has been observed over the last week by several members and its orbit is properly tied down .
" We now face a spell of a week to two weeks when there will be no optical visibility until it becomes a morning object in the southern hemisphere and an evening object in the northern hemisphere . "
The degree of difficulty in finding the X - 37B has been a product of not knowing its inclination and having limited optical visibility due to its low orbiting altitude .
Amateur astronomers learn how to spot satellites by tracking spacecraft orbits and finding when they may fly over viewing areas on the ground .
" This means it spends most of its time in Earth 's shadow during a pass , " Roberts said .
Also the ship 's low inclination and altitude has meant that tracking has only been possible from mid-latitude , ruling out observations by some of the members of the team unless they are in position at very low elevations .
According to Ted Molczan , a leader in the satellite sleuthing business based in Toronto , the X - 37B search was moderately challenging .
" It was the first launch of its kind , so we had only a rough idea of its altitude , inclination and plane .
Its low altitude and inclination put it out of reach of several of our most skilled observers , " he told SPACE.com .
Molczan said his role was estimating the range of possible orbits in which the space plane might be found , which was the basis for the searches .
" The object is moderately bright .
Based on the limited tracking so far , I estimate that it will reach about magnitude 2.5 when observed at high elevation above the horizon , and well illuminated by the sun .
That is similar to the brightest stars of the Big Dipper , " Molczan said .
Nighttime fixation
What 's behind the nighttime fixation on the X - 37B ?
" Well the challenge is finding it without much data to go on , " Roberts responded .
" If the data were freely available we would probably not have bothered with it .
I see little sense in tracking objects for which data is freely available .
It 's like re-inventing the wheel .
So as long as there are missions with little or no information , I personally will be interested in the challenge of finding them . "
Roberts said that the sky watching group has a pretty good record .
" If memory is correct , we have found and are tracking every single object launched in the past five years or more .
The only objects we are not able to track are those stationed over areas of the earth where we have no active observersâ€ ¦mainly the central Pacific Ocean area . "
Next up on the Roberts " to - do " list is attempting to see if the space plane is emitting any radio signals on the frequency bands that he 's able to monitor .
" That is going to be an even bigger challenge , " Roberts concluded , " and I 'm not really that keen on it as it's like looking for a needle in a haystack ! "
Mystery manifest
Still , even with the ground observations , exactly what 's tucked inside the X - 37B 's cargo hold -- about the size of a pickup truck bed -- remains a mystery .
The X - 37B signals a new way for the Air Force to conduct on - orbit experiments , said Gary Payton , Air Force deputy under secretary for space programs , during a pre-launch press briefing teleconference last month .
" Actual on - orbit activities we do classify ... for the experimental payloads that are on - orbit with the X - 37 , " he noted .
Payton did indicate that there 's enough payload room on the mini-space shuttle to house a couple of small satellites in the range of a few hundred kilograms each .
There is growing speculation that the vehicle is likely toting Earth spying gear for the National Reconnaissance Office .
The reusable X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle 1 was built by Boeing Phantom Works .
It is about 29 feet long and has a wingspan of just over 14 feet across .
It stands just over 9 1/ 2 feet tall and weighs nearly 11,000 pounds .
Big test ahead
The OTV 1 mission is also designed to test new technologies and develop ways to make space access more routine , affordable and responsive .
The OTV is the first vehicle since NASA 's shuttle orbiter capable of returning experiments to Earth for further inspection and analysis .
A second X - 37B is now being fabricated for a test mission scheduled for 2011 .
X - 37B is being operated under the direction of Air Force Space Command 's 3rd Space Experimentation Squadron , a space control unit located at Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado .
Capable of orbiting Earth for up to 270 days , a big test for the X - 37B is ahead : A " do - it - itself " guided entry and wheels down runway landing at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , with Edwards Air Force Base as an alternate site .
If the incoming space plane strays off its auto - pilot trajectory over the Pacific Ocean , the craft is outfitted with a destruct mechanism .
Copyright © 2010 Space.com .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Fernando Alonso was quickest again in the second practice session in Monte Carlo .
The Ferrari driver completed a clean sweep of the Thursday sessions by beating Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg by 0.109 seconds , with Sebastian Vettel third for Red Bull .
After frantic place - swapping early on , Alonso returned to the front of the field with a 1m15.435s on soft tyres 37 minutes into the session , then increased his advantage by going half a second quicker on his next lap .
He stayed there for the rest of the afternoon , as light rain prevented anyone making improvements in the second half of the session .
The rain was never heavy enough to convince anyone to try intermediates , and most stayed out trying to learn what they could in the slightly slippery conditions .
There were a number of close calls with the barriers and trips through the escape roads at Sainte Devote and the chicane , but no contact with the barriers despite all the slides .
Having spent much of the morning in the pits , Rosberg completed 38 laps this afternoon to take second , with his team - mate Michael Schumacher fifth behind Vettel and Felipe Massa in the second Ferrari .
Robert Kubica produced some spectacular driving to take Renault to sixth , having been among the many drivers to top the times during the opening half hour .
McLaren 's low - key Thursday continued with Lewis Hamilton seventh and Jenson Button ninth , split by Force India 's Adrian Sutil .
Mark Webber completed the top ten in the second Red Bull , while only 0.8s covered pacesetter Alonso to 11th - placed Vitaly Petrov 's Renault .
The second session saw more issues with traffic than the morning had , including an incident in the final corners where Massa appeared to be hanging back to get a clear lap and was caught by Heikki Kovalainen on a flying lap , with the Lotus diving inside the Ferrari and past into the last turn , seemingly to Massa 's surprise .
The Finn ended the day as quickest among the new teams .
Pos Driver Team Time Laps 1 . Alonso Ferrari 1:14.904 36 2 . Rosberg Mercedes 1:15.013 + 0.109 39 3 . Vettel Red Bull - Renault 1:15.099 + 0.195 47 4 . Massa Ferrari 1:15.120 + 0.216 44 5 . Schumacher Mercedes 1:15.143 + 0.239 38 6 . Kubica Renault 1:15.192 + 0.288 38 7 . Hamilton McLaren - Mercedes 1:15.249 + 0.345 32 8 . Sutil Force India - Mercedes 1:15.460 + 0.556 42 9 . Button McLaren - Mercedes 1:15.619 + 0.715 37 10 .
Webber Red Bull - Renault 1:15.620 + 0.716 28 11 . Petrov Renault 1:15.746 + 0.842 44 12 . Buemi Toro Rosso - Ferrari 1:16.276 + 1.372 46 13 . Hulkenberg Williams - Cosworth 1:16.348 + 1.444 48 14 . Barrichello Williams - Cosworth 1:16.522 + 1.618 37 15 . Liuzzi Force India - Mercedes 1:16.528 + 1.624 42 16 . de la Rosa Sauber - Ferrari 1:16.599 + 1.695 36 17 . Kobayashi Sauber - Ferrari 1:16.818 + 1.914 45 18 . Alguersuari Toro Rosso - Ferrari 1:17.023 + 2.119 28 19 . Kovalainen Lotus - Cosworth 1:18.184 + 3.280 47 20 . di Grassi Virgin-Cosworth 1:18.478 + 3.574 38 21 . Trulli Lotus - Cosworth 1:18.667 + 3.763 13 22 . Glock Virgin- Cosworth 1:18.721 + 3.817 41 23 . Chandhok HRT - Cosworth 1:20.313 + 5.409 35 24 .
Senna HRT - Cosworth 1:22.148 + 7.244 11 All Timing Unofficial
As distance runners , the majority of our mileage is fairly easy – and it should be .
Maintenance distance runs make up most of our weekly training .
After all , you ca n’t run hard every day .
But should you run fast every day ?
Maybe not every day , but there ’s a lot of evidence to suggest that doing some fast running on most of your training days can provide huge benefits for an upcoming race and your overall susceptibility to injury .
Let ’s define our terms : running fast is simply running at mile pace or faster .
More accurately , it ’s 95 % – 100 % of your maximum sprint speed .
For the trained runner who can run a 4:30 mile – mile pace is a much higher percentage of his maximum speed .
For the untrained beginner who can only run an 8:30 mile , it is necessary to go much faster than mile pace during these fast sessions .
Most runners simply do n’t run fast often enough .
During a block of training before a big race , you may do 1 - 2 fast sessions per week .
But what about the other five days ?
And what about your base building period when you are focusing more on mileage and your long run ?
Most runners do n’t do any fast running during that period .
Your Body Wants to Run Fast
First , accept that your body wants to run fast .
It ’s in your genes .
Your inner child wants to go out and play – and that means sprinting around .
Have you ever seen kids at a playground ?
They do n’t walk politely to the monkey bars .
Running at breakneck speed is primal , natural , and something that your body wants to do .
It ’s important to rediscover that sprinting is not hard .
Sprint for a few short bursts and you ’ll see that it ’s easy – and incredibly fun .
People used to run more often and it ’s a shame that so few run fast these days .
In fact , some believe ancient humans were faster than professional sprinters today .
Ancient humans practiced more often .
Not only is sprinting something that is hard - wired into your genes , it will help you become a better distance runner .
Even if you are training for a marathon , sprint workouts can help lower your time .
Running at close to your maximum speed reinforces proper bio-mechanics and form .
It teaches you how to run efficiently and powerfully .
Several weeks of fast sprint workouts will refine your form at the neuromuscular level .
It will also make your distance runs feel easier and you may even start running faster day to day without any extra effort .
Once you accept that your body is itching to sprint , you ’re ready to start .
You do n’t need slower transition workouts to get ready for a really fast session .
The day after your first sprint workout , evaluate any soreness and take a day or two of recovery before your next workout , long run , or sprint session .
Sprinting Workouts for Speed Development
There are a lot of different ways to incorporate maximal or close to 100 % effort sprints into your training plan .
For a great overview , Mark Sisson provides a variety of sprint training workouts that you can choose from .
You can keep them as unstructured and fun as you want .
For the more science - oriented runner , check out Steve Magness at Science of Running .
His description of sprint workouts for distance runners is incredibly valuable .
It ’s vital to not only build your aerobic base , but your neuromuscular and mechanical base through sprint workouts .
This concept is also one of the cornerstones of Brad Hudson ’s training philosophy ( Brad Hudson used to coach Dathan Ritzenhein , American record holder in the 5k ) .
Need more workout examples ?
Watch Jay Johnson ’s speed development video for more concrete examples of specific workouts you can do on the track to tap your inner caveman .
Running Times also has a great overview of hill sprints from Brad Hudson .
If you ’re not sure these types of intense workouts are for you , remember that their intensity is very brief .
For me , I incorporate several different types of sprinting into my weekly schedule to take advantage of its many training benefits .
My favorite sprint workout is my weekly hill sprints .
I like to do 5 - 6 x 10 second reps with 60 - 90 seconds walking recovery .
I will also add 20 - 30 second fast surges during the end of my distance runs with at least60 seconds of running to recover .
Alternatively , I ’ll do classic strides after a distance run for about 100m .
Strides accelerate from slow jogging to a near sprint , then decelerate to a stop .
I take about 45 seconds of walking to recover in between strides .
Form and mechanics are n’t improved just by sprinting .
Specific strength exercises , like compound and multi- joint movements , will help you develop power and strength .
The training benefits from lifting heavy weights are similar to hill sprints and can make you dramatically less injury - prone .
These workouts improve your form and mechanics , help you avoid injury , increase your stride power , and make you a more efficient runner .
What are you waiting for ?
Go have fun !
Recommended Reading :
Millions of fans were left scratching their heads last month when the television show , LOST , came to a close .
Not a whole lot was answered and fans demanded more .
Thankfully , the Blu Ray / DVD release of the complete series will include a 12 - 14 minute epilogue that wraps up a few things .
According to Slash Film , we will know the following :
The epilogue is actually only 11 - minutes in length .
The title of the epilogue is “ The New Man in Charge ”
G4 says the epilogue will “ shine some light on the period after Hurley became the Island ’s protector and Ben assumed the role of his number two . ”
Jarett Wieselman of The New York Post apparently saw the first minute of the new footage and commented that “ the long wait is worth it ! ”
Michael Emerson , who plays
Ben on the show , told Attack of the Show the following :
“ A lost scene .
It ’s a lot .
It ’s 12 or 14 minutes that opens a window onto that gap of unknown time between Hurley becoming number one and the end of the series .
It ’s self - contained , although it ’s a rich period in the show ’s mythology that ‘s never been explored , so who knows what will come of it . ”
Jorge Garcia , who plays Hurley , told E !
Online the following :
“ It will address some of the issues , like the food drops , and it will deal with what happened on the island after Hurley took over and how he handled things .
It will give you a taste of what took place after Hurley took over as the new number one .
There ’s a little epilogue thing going on with the DVD . ”
Lastly , according to an insider , we will also see Walt and what happened to him .
Hopefully the epilogue provides more answers than questions .
While I did n’t hate the series finale , it could of provided a lot more answers .
Will the epilogue ease our minds ?
I guess we ’ll have to see on August 24 , 2010 when it is released .
One year since the GM bankruptcy
4 June 2010
A year ago this week US auto giant General Motors declared bankruptcy in the largest industrial failure in US history .
The June 1 , 2009 filing , ordered by the Obama administration , set into motion the destruction of tens of thousands of jobs , the shuttering of dozens of assembly and parts plants and the closing of more than 1,000 car dealerships .
The insolvency of the global automaker had international repercussions , including layoffs in Canada , the closure of the Opel plant in Belgium and the wiping out of at least 8,300 jobs in Germany , Spain , Britain and other European countries .
By 2012 , GM ’s restructuring plan in the US calls for eliminating 31,000 hourly and salaried employees from its US workforce of 96,000 , a measure intended to cut GM ’s payroll expenditures by 30 percent .
This is exacting a terrible human toll on cities and communities across Michigan , Ohio and other already economically depressed states , where record numbers of workers are losing their homes and local governments and schools have run out of money .
In addition to the job cuts , the wages and benefits left at the “ New GM ” — which emerged from the bankruptcy courts on July 10 , 2009 — were ruthlessly slashed .
Under the terms dictated by the US Treasury Department , and imposed by the United Auto Workers union , wages for current workers have been frozen and cost - of - living increases eliminated , break time and holidays substantially reduced and retirees stripped of medical benefits , including dental and optical care .
The next generation of auto workers will fare even worse .
The starting wage of new workers — $ 14 an hour — translates to an annual gross income of $ 28,000 before taxes and union dues are deducted .
This is less than half the median annual US household income and barely above the government ’s grossly underestimated poverty threshold for a family of four .
For the first time in a century , auto workers will not be able to afford the vehicles they build .
Citi Investment Research analyst Itay Michaeli boasted last week that GM ’s fixed cost per vehicle will drop from $ 10,400 last year to $ 7,280 this year and fall to $ 5,772 by 2012 .
In the next five years , labor costs at GM and Chrysler — which declared bankruptcy on April 30 , 2009 — could be lower than any Japanese automaker operating nonunion plants in the US , making it profitable for the company to build small cars in the US , rather than in Mexico .
As a result , the automaker recently announced that its net income rose to $ 865 million , by contrast to the $ 6 billion it lost in the same period last year .
Moreover , while workers have had their jobs , communities and livelihoods ravaged , Wall Street is expected to make a windfall from the upcoming sale of GM shares owned by the US government .
According to the Wall Street Journal , “ Wall Street bankers are salivating over one of their biggest potential paydays since the market meltdown of 2008 : the planned initial public offering of General Motors . ”
With some analysts predicting that a GM stock sale could net $ 70 billion — selling at $ 113 to $ 137 a share — big financial firms stand to bring in almost $ 2 billion in fees , the largest haul from a single stock deal in history .
In what Wall Street calls a “ bake - off , ” top bankers from JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley , Bank of America , Citigroup and Goldman Sachs have held a series of meetings with GM and Treasury officials to convince the Obama administration to select them as the lead underwriter for the deal .
The White House ’s “ car czars ” who oversaw the bankruptcy of GM and Chrysler are both former executives at Lazard , another Wall Street firm contracted by the government to advise it on the sale of its $ 40 billion GM stake .
Private equity investor Steven Rattner , whose net worth is reportedly as high as $ 600 million , is facing problems with the Security and Exchange Commission for his involvement in an illegal kickback scheme to get lucrative investments from the New York state pension fund .
In addition to the big investors , the UAW apparatus also stands to make billions from the sale of GM stock .
In exchange for its collaboration in the destruction of jobs , working conditions and living standards of the workers it allegedly represents , the UAW was handed control of a multibillion - dollar retiree health care trust , positions on the corporate board of directors , a 17.5 percent ownership stake at GM and majority ownership of Chrysler .
Speaking before the American Press Association last month , outgoing UAW President Ron Gettelfinger defended the repeated concessions the union had granted over the last decade , saying the auto companies were now on a “ roll , ” with GM recording profits and Chrysler hiring the first new auto workers in a decade .
When it was pointed out that the new hires were making wages so low they could hardly afford a car , Gettelfinger defended the wage cuts , saying , “ We did what we had to do to get to tomorrow . ”
He also praised Obama ’s decision to use the bankruptcy courts , saying it was the “ right approach . ”
“ I do think it took a lot of courage for the president to step up and do what he did , ” he said , “ but given a little time , I think it ’ll be seen as a great decision . ”
On June 1 , 2009 the World Socialist Web Site wrote , “ By driving Chrysler and now GM into bankruptcy , the Obama administration is seeking to exploit the economic crisis to carry out a fundamental realignment of class relations in the US .
This involves a further downsizing of basic industry and a sweeping and permanent reduction in the living standards of workers in every sector of the American economy . ”
This warning has been borne out .
The brutal conditions imposed on GM and Chrysler workers have been used as a benchmark for an unprecedented campaign of wage and benefit cutting and speedup throughout industry and the public sector .
It has coincided with increasing demands for the dismantling of “ unaffordable ” entitlements like Medicare and Social Security and the gutting of public education and other vital services .
This was made clear in an editorial headlined “ The lessons of the GM bankruptcy ” by Wall Street Journal columnist Paul Ingrassia earlier this week , who wrote , “ Everybody knew it was ridiculous and unsustainable to pay workers indefinitely not to work ( in the United Auto Workers union ’s Jobs Bank ) … and to pay gold - plated pension and health - care benefits to employees . ”
Now , Ingrassia added , “ Everybody knows that we ’re running unsustainable federal deficits … .
And that many states ’ public - employee pensions funds are hopelessly underfunded for the level of benefits they provide .
And that shoveling more money into the public schools without insisting on structural reforms and accountability has n’t produced results and wo n’t do so in the future . ”
“ Addressing these issues inevitably means enforcing spending discipline and standing up to public - employee unions in a way that GM failed to do with the UAW .
Continued denial and delay will prove ruinous .
To put it another way : America bailed out General Motors , but who will bail out America ? ”
Within the rarified circles of the corporate , political and media establishment “ everybody knows ” workers must be reduced to pauperism .
But the working class is not responsible for and must not pay for the reckless speculation of the financial elite , which enriched itself through the destruction of millions of jobs , the ruination of basic industry and the bankruptcy of cities , states and entire countries , like Greece and Spain .
Society can no longer afford to fund the lavish lifestyles and parasitic activities of this corporate and financial aristocracy .
Instead a mass political movement of the working class — independent of and opposed to the two parties of big business — must be built to take the industrial and financial resources of society out of the hands of the super - rich and put it under the collective and democratic control of working people .
A precondition for such a struggle is a complete break with the UAW and its reactionary policies of class collaboration , economic nationalism and support for the Democratic Party , and the formation of new organizations of working class struggle .
Jerry White
Jerry White
Zynaptiq Acquires & Updates TRIUMPH , MYRIAD , SPECTRE , AURA and LOOP EDITOR
Hannover , May 28th , 2020 : We 're happy to announce that we have good news for users of TRIUMPH , MYRIAD , AURA , SPECTRE and LOOP EDITOR : they 're back !
As users of these applications since day 1 , we at zynaptiq are thrilled to let you know that we have acquired these classic apps , giving them a new home .
For you , this means that your software will now work again , and that we will provide support and updates .
You are also in the upgrade path for all future developments of these products .
Or in other words :
We consider you to be a member of the zynaptiq family !
To get you back up and running as quickly as possible , the apps are being rolled out in two stages .
Stage 1 : The Legacy Support Release
This release is meant to switch the stuff back on for existing users as quickly as possible , focusing on the must - do issues , and leaving anything that can wait for later .
The Legacy Support version is available only for existing users , is a free update , and available right now .
Simply download the free update here & activate using your existing credentials ... done !
Stage 2 : The Commercial Release
In Stage 2 , we will be making these awesome apps available for purchase for new users , too  stay tuned !
Trail Code
While hiking the trails at the Royal Botanical Gardens , it is important to abide by the trail code :
US Marine Sergeant Lawrence
Hutchins has been freed by a military judge while a higher court reviews his case ( AP )
A marine sergeant convicted of murder in one of the biggest war crimes cases to emerge from the Iraq war was allowed to walk free by a US military judge , nearly two months after a military appeals court ruled he had an unfair trial .
The surprise decision to release Sergeant Lawrence Hutchins deals another blow to Washington 's prosecution of US troops accused of killing unarmed Iraqis .
Attorneys for the government have said Hutchins led a squad of seven troops who killed a 52 - year - old man in the Iraqi village of Hamdania in 2006 , and then planted a shovel and AK - 47 to make it appear he was an insurgent .
" I'm going to be the best marine I can be today , " an elated Hutchins said after being released from his cell at Camp Pendleton .
" Today is really a surreal experience .
I think we had a good judge .
It 's hard to describe exactly what I 'm feeling .
I 'm happy . "
Hutchins had been serving an 11 - year sentence .
The others in his squad served less than 18 months .
The US Navy - Marine Corps Court of Criminal Appeals in Washington ruled in April that Hutchins was not given a fair trial because his lead defence lawyer left the case shortly before his 2007 trial .
The Navy is appealing against the ruling .
Hutchins ' defence attorney , Captain Babu Kaza , argued that the married father of a five - year - old girl was not a flight risk or a threat to society .
Capt Kaza said he and Hutchins , both Roman Catholics , prayed with a rosary at Monday 's hearing before the judge announced his decision .
Hutchins will be allowed to remain free while the US Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces decides whether to affirm or overturn the Washington court 's ruling .
The court is expected to hear arguments from both sides this autumn and could take until next year to make a decision .
Navy Secretary Ray Mabus told the Marine Corps
Times last year that he believes Hutchins was the ringleader in the premeditated murder plot and attempted cover - up , and that he should complete the full sentence .
Hutchins was initially sentenced to 14 years but that was later reduced .
Hutchins has said he was not with his squad at the time and that members of his squad told him they had killed an insurgent leader .
Hutchins said he did not learn of the mistake until after the investigation .
PA
Will Smith ’s son , Jaden , stars in his first feature film this weekend , as ‘ The Karate Kid ’ , in this remake of the classic from the 1980’s .
Jackie Chan also stars as Mr. Hahn ( the remakes version of Mr. Myogi ) .
The film is getting great buzz around the screening and festival circuit , and I look for it to do really well this weekend .
I ’m predicting a gross near the $ 40 million dollar range , and should continue to do well in the weeks to come .
There are a few midnight shows available tonight in some theaters around the country .
Providing some much needed box office competition for ‘ The Karate Kid ’ is another take on an ’ 80 ’s retro classic TV show , ‘ A - Team ’ .
A great cast highlights the film , as Bradley Cooper , Liam Neeson , Sharito Copley ( District 9 ) , Jessica Biel , and Rampage Jackson , help bring this action adventure to the big screen .
The trailers look very cool for this flick and let ’s hope it ’s at least a little better than ‘ GI Joe ’ .
I ’m predicting a $ 35 - 38 million gross for this one on opening weekend .
Proving to be the highlight of the MTV Movie Awards this past Sunday night , Paramount Pictures and MTV films have announced that they are making a feature film about mega- producer Les Grossman ( Tom Cruise ) .
I think this a great idea , as the character is consistently funny and a full length film will give us a chance to see Grossman in all his glory !!
Now , the filmmakers need to add Kirk Lazerus ( Robert Downey Jr. ) to the film , and all will be perfect .
I will be first in line to see this film … no doubt !
Tony Gilroy , the writer of all the ‘ Bourne ’ movie scripts , is currently working on the script for ‘ The Bourne Legacy ’ .
‘ Legacy ’ will be the fourth film in the popular movie series .
However , as of this announcement , Matt Damon has said the only way he will return is if director Paul Greengrass is at the helm .
Not so sure about this one … I loved the way the third one ended , but if they do make another one and Damon is board … I ’ll be there !
In other movie news , director F. Gary Gray is in negotiations to helm the big screen version of ‘ Kane and Lynch ’ , based on the popular video game .
Bruce Willis and Jamie Foxx have been cast as the leads in the film .
Writers have begun working on ‘ The Green Lantern 2 ’ ( the first one is out June 17 , 2011 ) and ‘ The Flash ’ .
The first trailer for ‘ The Green Hornet ’ , starring Seth Rogen , will debut Monday , June 21 , on Jimmy Kimmel Live .
Industry Minister Tony Clement wants to hear from anyone who has something to say about Canada 's digital economy .
Clement launched on Monday a nationwide consultation that will include public sessions at various locations across the country , as well as online , interactive consultations .
" All Canadians have a role to play in shaping Canada 's digital future , " he told the audience at the Canada 3.0 Digital Forum in Stratford , Ont .
" It 's crucial everyone become engaged . "
Stressing the importance of digital technology for research and business , Clement said Canada is in the middle of the pack in terms of the speed at which it is adopting a digital economy .
" That 's not good enough , " he said .
The minister said that while government has a role to play in terms of setting policy , innovations will ultimately come from the private sector .
Consultations are expected to wrap up July 9 , after which Ottawa will take up to 18 months to devise a strategy .
Digital urban - rural divide a problem : study
Clement 's announcement followed his unveiling Sunday of plans to expand broadband internet access to several rural and remote locations across the country .
The $ 76.7 - million program will deliver broadband internet access to 169,000 Canadian households in nine provinces and territories .
Most connections will go to rural British Columbia , Alberta and Quebec .
Ontario will receive just 566 connections compared to 81,733 in Quebec , even though their respective rates of internet connectivity are similar .
The minister 's office said the grants announced Sunday represent only half the funding , and it is in negotiations with Ontario ISPs and expects those numbers to go up .
Meanwhile , a Statistics Canada study of internet use released on Monday shows the digital divide between urban and rural populations is a persistent problem .
In communities with a population of 10,000 or more , 83 per cent of residents used the internet in 2009 , compared to 73 per cent in communities with fewer people , according to the study .
" This ' digital divide , ' that is , the gap in the rate of internet use on the basis of community size , has persisted since 2007 , when the respective proportions were 76 per cent and 65 per cent , " Statistics Canada said in a news release .
An alleged plot description for the next Indiana Jones movie has been revealed .
The untitled adventure film will reportedly be Harrison Ford 's last in the series and also see Shia LaBeouf return as the archaeologist 's son Mutt Williams .
An insider allegedly told New Zealand website Stuff that George Lucas and Steven Spielberg have been " working on a script and it's almost there " for Indiana Jones V .
The story is said to involve the Bermuda Triangle , a location over the North Atlantic Ocean where aircraft have vanished under mysterious circumstances .
The source said : " Harrison is on stand - by for filming next year .
This looks like being an emotional and exciting conclusion to the franchise , with Indy facing his biggest challenge yet .
" Shia LaBeouf has a central role again as Indy 's son but this will be a blockbuster made in the old fashioned way rather than the CGI efforts of the last movie . "
2008 's Indiana Jones And The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull grossed more than $ 780 m ( Â£ 540 m ) at the worldwide box office , but received mixed reviews from critics and fans of the series .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Homebuilding Stocks
Are in for a Nasty Surprise
Tom Dyson writes : " You can't believe how screwed up things are down here ... "
This weekend , I met up with a real estate expert , M , from South Florida .
M specializes in REO .
REO stands for " Real Estate Owned . "
Banks lend money to homeowners .
Sometimes homeowners do n't make their interest payments .
The bank kicks the owner out and seizes the property .
In the industry , they call this repossessed , bank - owned property " REO . "
The government is the nation 's biggest holder of REO .
M says the government owns 80 % of the properties he deals with .
M says it 's really hard selling houses right now .
It 's the government .
They drag their feet on every sale and no one makes decisions .
He made a sale last week .
He said it took 18 months for the deal to close .
Then there are the checklists .
The government uses a bureaucratic process for managing its property .
Every time you miss one of the " boxes , " the deal gets delayed another six months .
M told me he recently got an e-mail from the Department of Veterans Affairs asking him to " winterize " all their properties .
They wanted him to pour anti-freeze in all the toilets and insulate all the windows .
They were going to pay him $ 300 per house .
" I told them to use some common sense .
This is South Florida .
Their houses do n't need winterizing .
They did n't care .
" There 's already a massive inventory of homes for sale in America .
At the latest count , it 's around 4 million houses .
But partly because of the government 's inefficiency at processing paperwork , there are almost 3 million households still in foreclosure and another 8 million households behind on their mortgage payments .
Wall Street research I received this week predicts these " delinquent borrowers " will add another 5 million houses to the unsold inventory over the next two years .
It 's true home sales have been rising .
The problem is , this recent increase in real estate activity is temporary .
The government has been giving $ 8,000 tax breaks to first - time home buyers and $ 6,500 tax credits to repeat home buyers .
These tax breaks expired on April 30 , 2010 .
In short , anyone who wanted to buy a house over the next two years just bought a house before the April 30 deadline .
Now that there are n't any buyers left , activity in the housing market is going to plummet again .
You can see this in the statistics for mortgage applications .
Last week , the Mortgage Bankers Association announced mortgage applications had plummeted to their lowest level since April 1997 ... a 13 - year low .
The problem is , when homebuilders see activity rising in the real estate markets , they build more houses ...
Every month , the Commerce Department reports the number of new houses homebuilders start work on .
They call this statistic " housing starts . "
In April , just as the tax credit was expiring , builders broke ground on new houses at a rate of 672,000 a year .
This was a 5.8 % increase over March levels and the highest level of housing starts in 18 months .
Builder confidence is a statistic compiled by the National Association of Homebuilders ( NAHB ) .
When builders are confident , it 's likely they are preparing to build more houses .
This statistic is a great indicator of the number of new home starts you can expect in the near future .
The NAHB released the homebuilder confidence reading two weeks ago .
It showed builder 's confidence rising to the highest levels in two years .
With confidence rising to a two - year high , you can be sure homebuilders are preparing to build even more houses than they started in April .
In other words , homebuilders have been duped .
They 've ramped up production in response to housing activity that 's about to disappear in a market that 's super - saturated with existing houses .
The homebuilders ' fund ITB rose 150 % between March 2009 and April 2010 .
But it 's recently formed a downtrend .
With the wreckage that 's about to occur in the homebuilding industry , it 's a safe bet we 're in for a nasty few months of falling homebuilder stocks .
There 's another big selloff coming in homebuilding stocks .
If you own any homebuilder stocks , you should sell them now .
Experienced traders should consider opening short positions or buying put options on homebuilders .
Good investing ,
Tom
http://www.dailywealth.com
The DailyWealth Investment Philosophy :
In a nutshell , my investment philosophy is this :
Buy things of extraordinary value at a time when nobody else wants them .
Then sell when people are willing to pay any price .
You see , at DailyWealth , we believe most investors take way too much risk .
Our mission is to show you how to avoid risky investments , and how to avoid what the average investor is doing .
I believe that you can make a lot of money – and do it safely – by simply doing the opposite of what is most popular .
Customer Service : 1-888-261-2693 – Copyright 2010 Stansberry & Associates Investment Research .
All Rights Reserved .
Protected by copyright laws of the United States and international treaties .
This e-letter may only be used pursuant to the subscription agreement and any reproduction , copying , or redistribution ( electronic or otherwise , including on the world wide web ) , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Stansberry & Associates Investment Research , LLC .
1217 Saint Paul Street , Baltimore MD 21202
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Daily Wealth Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Show full PR text
SONY ELEVATES THE STANDARD FOR 3D HOME THEATER WITH NEW ES AV RECEIVERS AND BLU - RAY 3D PLAYER
Company Supports Specialty AV Channel With Focused Distribution Strategy
SAN DIEGO , July 6 , 2010 – Driving the innovation of 3D , Sony today took another step to strengthen its industry leading 3D home product line with new Elevated Standard ( ES ) AV receivers including the STR - DA5600ES , STRA - DA4600ES , and STR - DA 3600ES and a Blu-ray 3D ™ player , the BDP - S1700ES .
In addition to Sony 's latest 3D capable BRAVIA ® HDTVs , the new ES components represent the best audio and video quality Sony has to offer .
Designed with custom installers in mind , ES models integrate seamlessly with multi-room , third - party control systems .
" By focusing on seamless integration with custom home theater control partners , Sony is working to deliver products that support the custom and specialty retail business like no other manufacturer , " said Brian Siegel , vice president of Sony 's home audio and video business .
" Because Sony is involved in every stage of the 3D ecosystem , specialty dealers and installers can rest assured that our AV components leverage that deep expertise to deliver the most technically advanced experience possible . "
Focusing on the needs of custom home theater installers , Sony 's ES line represents an enthusiast - level AV experience featuring some of the company 's most advanced technology .
The value of the products is best demonstrated by dealers and integrators qualified to engage an advanced consumer audience .
To that end , the company is focusing its distribution strategy to include only specialty AV retailers and custom installers .
ES products will no longer be offered for sale online or through telesales .
AV Receivers with Custom Control
Sony 's 2010 ES AV receivers feature IR input jacks and two - way serial control .
They also offer control over IP which allows installers to easily integrate the receivers into the leading home automation systems including Control4® , Crestron , AMX® , Savant , Ultimate Remote Control , RTI , and others .
Sony has worked closely with leading control companies and is a Control4 Certified Partner , an AMX Device Discovery Partner , Crestron Integration Partner , and a Savant Excellence in Audio and Video Partner .
The new models offer 3D pass - through and flexible multi-room features .
They can connect to a home broadband network through an Ethernet port offering easy access to digital photos , music and videos from Digital Life Network Alliance ( DLNA ® ) sources .
They also function as an Ethernet hub featuring four ports that connect other network devices .
Additionally , the Ethernet connection provides access to both Shoutcast® Internet Radio and Rhapsody ® Music Service , and offers easy access to firmware upgrades via the Internet .
The STR - DA5600 ES model also functions as a DLNA Live Audio Server that can stream music to other DLNA clients .
Users with an iPhone® or iPod® touch device can control the models using a free app that transforms your mobile device into a full ES receiver remote .
The app features zone control , full GUI menu , and Sony 's Quick Click remote function which allows users to control source components ( such as Blu - Ray player , set - top box ) in the main home theater room to be controlled from a second zone .
The STR - DA5600ES and the STR - DA4600 ES offer the ability to distribute audio and video to multiple rooms via the second HDMI output and video to a second zone via CAT5 output .
They can both also up - scale all sources to 1080 p in the main zone and 1080 i in a second zone via the Faroudja chip® ensuring a consistent , sharp picture .
The connected video zones feature a high - grade , icon - driven menu system that allows for simple device and content navigation .
All three models feature Digital Cinema Auto Calibration ( DCAC ) with Automatic Phase Matching ( APM ) .
Without changing the front reference speakers , APM corrects for phase differentiation between front , center , and surround speakers , ensuring an ideal sound stage regardless of speaker type .
The STR - DA5600ES also offers DCAC EX which includes speaker relocation , not only adjusting for the distance but also the angle of the listening position to create an optimal listening environment .
The receivers also feature Sony 's innovative new HD Digital Cinema Sound® that was developed together with Sony Pictures Entertainment .
Incorporating high - mounted front speaker placement , HD DCS was designed to transform and replicate both the sound quality and acoustics of a movie theater in the home environment creating an unmatched home theater experience .
All of the models support 1080 / 24 p video signals and x.v. Color™ and Deep Color™ video codecs , as well as all advanced audio formats ( Dolby ® Digital Plus , Dolby ® TrueHD , dts® Master HD , dts ® ES , Dolby ® Digital EX , Dolby ® Pro Logic IIx and 8 channel Linear PCM ) .
They also feature audio return channel allowing network content originating from the television to be played through the receiver without additional cables .
The models feature Sony 's Digital Media Port™ for simple connection to an iPod and other digital music players , and are both XM ® and Sirius® ready .
The 7.1 channel network multi-room STR - DA5600ES AV receiver features a 130 - watt power amplifier x7 ( 8 ohms , 20 Hz – 20 kHz , .09 percent THD )
With six HDMI 1.4 inputs ( five rear , one front ) and two switched or simultaneous HDMI outputs , the model will be available this September for about $ 2,000 .
The 120 - watt x7 ( 8 ohms , 20 Hz – 20 kHz , .09 percent THD ) STR - DA4600 ES features four HDMI outputs and two switched or simultaneous HDMI outputs .
It will be available this August for about $ 1,500 .
The 100 - watt x 7 ( 8 ohms , 20 Hz – 20 kHz , .09 percent THD ) STR - DA3500ES features four HDMI output and will be available in August for about $ 1,100 .
The company also added the 110 - watt STR - DN2010 network 3D capable model to its receiver line up .
The model will be available in August for about $ 800 .
ES Blu-ray 3D Player with iPhone / iPod Control
Available next month for about $ 400 , Sony's BDP - S1700ES Blu-ray 3D player features an IR input on the back panel or easy integration with control systems .
It also offers built in Wi -Fi ( 802.11n ) for easy access to Sony 's BRAVIA Internet Video platform and Sony 's new premium video service , Qriocity .
Also , users with an iPhone or iPod touch device can control the player using the free " BD Remote " app available from the Apple App store .
The app , which will also be available soon for Android™ devices , allows the hand - held to function as a remote control and displays Blu-ray Disc details such as jacket artwork , actor , and production information as well as search for related video clips online .
ES Quality
All Sony ES products are supported by a five - year limited manufacturer warranty , a ninety - day advanced exchange program ( 2 - 3 day expedited replacement unit ) , and a dedicated installer support line to San Diego - based CEDIA trained product experts .
The models will be available through authorized Sony ES dealers and custom installers across the country .
For further information on the products , please visit www.sony.com/es.
Model Specifications :
STR - DA5600ES 7.1 Channel Network Multi-room AV Receiver
Available in September for about $ 2,000
• 130 watt x7 @ 8 - ohms , 1kHz , .09 % THD
• DCAC EX Speaker Auto - Calibration with Speaker Relocation ( distance and degree ) and Automatic Phase Matching ( APM )
• 3D pass - through
• Integrated four port Ethernet switch
• Second zone CAT5e output
• DLNA Client and Live Audio Server
• iPhone / iPod Touch remote control application
• Quick Click feature for multi-room source control ( with iPhone / iPod touch app )
• On - screen graphical user interface with overlay ( main and second zones )
• H.A.T.S. clock synchronization for HDMI and DSD
• Standby pass - through of audio and video via HDMI
• Control system integration via control over IP , RS232 or IR
• PC set up manager
• Audio Return Channel for TV audio over a single HDMI cable
• Shoutcast® Internet Radio and Rhapsody ® Music Service
• Dolby ® TrueHD and dts® HD Enhanced audio codecs
STR - DA4600ES 7.1 Channel Network Multi-room AV Receiver
Available in August for about $ 1,500
• 120 watt x7 @ 8 - ohms , 1kHz , .09 % THD
• 3D pass - through
• Integrated four port Ethernet switch
• Second zone CAT5e output
• DLNA Client
• iPhone / iPod Touch remote control application
• Quick Click feature for multi-room source control ( with iPhone / iPod touch app )
• On - screen graphical user interface with overlay ( main and second zones )
• Standby pass - through of audio and video via HDMI
• Control system integration via control over IP , RS232 or IR
• PC set up manager
• Audio Return Channel for TV audio over a single HDMI cable
• Shoutcast® Internet Radio and Rhapsody ® Music Service
• Dolby TrueHD and dts HD Enhanced audio codecs
STR - DA3600ES 7.1 Channel Network Multi-room AV Receiver
Available in August for about $ 1,100
• 100 watt x7 @ 8 - ohms , 1kHz , .09 % THD
• 3D pass - through
• Integrated four port Ethernet switch
• DLNA Client
• iPhone / iPod Touch remote control application
• Quick Click feature for multi-room source control ( with iPhone / iPod touch app )
• On - screen graphical user interface with overlay ( main and second zones )
• Standby pass - through of audio and video via HDMI connected devices
• Control system integration via control over IP , RS232 or IR
• PC set up manager
• Audio Return Channel for TV audio over a single HDMI cable
• Shoutcast® Internet Radio and Rhapsody ® Music Service
• Dolby TrueHD and dts HD Enhanced audio codecs
STR - DN2010 7.1 Channel Network AV Receiver
Available in August for about $ 800
• 110 watt x7 @ 8 - ohms , 1kHz , 1 % THD
• 3D pass - through
• Integrated four port Ethernet switch
• DLNA Client
• iPhone / iPod touch remote control app
• On - screen graphical user interface
• Wireless second zone audio ( S - AIR ™ multi- room capability )
• Standby pass - through of audio and video via HDMI connected devices
• Audio Return Channel for TV audio over a single HDMI cable
• Shoutcast® Internet Radio and Rhapsody ® Music Service
• Dolby TrueHD and dts HD Enhanced audio codecs
BDP - S1700ES Blu-ray 3D Player
Available in August for $ 400
• Full HD 1080 p single - disc Blu-ray Disc , DVD , CD , SA - CD player
• Blu-ray 3D capable
• BRAVIA Internet Video and Sony's Qriocity
• IR input jack on rear panel for easy control system integration
• Built - in Wi-Fi Wireless ( 802.11n ) with Wi -Fi Protected Setup ( WPS )
• Entertainment Database Browser with Gracenote™ technology
• BD Remote ( iPhone / iPod touch and Android remote control – free app . )
• Photo / music / video playback via USB and DLNA
• DVD upscaling to 1080 p with Precision Cinema HD Upscaling
• Dolby TrueHD and dts-HD Master Audio™ decoding
• Built - in 1GB Memory
The Congressional hearings on the spill left no doubt that the CEO ’s of the world ’s five largest oil companies are oblivious as to what to do next .
After the other CEO ’s threw BP under the bus , they admitted as much .
ExxonMobil CEO
Rex Tillerson told Congress we must do everything possible to prevent offshore drilling disasters , because once they occur , there is not any way to stop the damage .
By admitting the unavoidable risk of catastrophe , Tillerson exploded the myths — promoted by the oil industry and right - wing supporters — that offshore drilling is “ environmentally safe , ” and that the industry can handle these disasters when they occur .
Tillerson made the shocking admission that the industry is “ not well equipped to prevent any and all damage ” under questioning from Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , the chair of the oversight subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , during a hearing that featured top executives from the five largest private oil companies :
There will be impacts as we are seeing .
We have never represented anything different than that .
That ’s why the emphasis is always on preventing these things from occurring because when they happen we are not well equipped to deal with them .
And that ’s just a fact of the enormity of what we ’re dealing with .
Watch it :
The only fail - safe way to prevent oil drilling disasters , in fact , is to stop drilling for oil — in other words , “ The only winning move is not to play . ”
This is yet another reason this nation needs an energy policy that puts a cap on oil pollution and ends our toxic addiction … [ emphasis original ]
Inserted from < Think Progress >
These clowns would not even admit to having heard of IXTOC .
The industry had demonstrated with dozens of spills , not even mentioning the thousands of barrels currently flowing into and befouling the Gulf , that their ability to prevent leaks is no better than that to clean up after them .
As sympathetic as I am for those who will lose their jobs , there must be no more deep water drilling until such time as the oil industry can unequivocally demonstrate the ability to both prevent deep water spills and prevent environmental damage in case there is one .
The rules of the deep water drilling fame are now clear .
The only winning move is not to play .
Speaking of David Kilcullen , he spoke last year at Google ’s visiting author program .
He ’s speaking on “ The Accidental Guerilla , ” and it ’s sort of the visual retread of what many of us will already know from his work and from COIN theory in general .
The better part of it is the question - and - answer session in the latter half of the video .
I enjoy watching Kilcullen speak –I think when he ’s conversational , it reflects well on him both in writing and in speaking .
But I also think it ’s pretty neat to see all the people Google has hosted at their campus .
Oil from the huge gulf spill neared fertile barrier islands in Mississippi on Thursday as crude forced Florida officials to close a popular section of beach near the Alabama border .
It was yet another reminder that the oil gushing from the blown - out well on the seafloor is having a very real effect along the Gulf Coast , washing up on beaches , damaging wetlands and killing animals .
The cap that has been the most effective method so far to contain some of the oil was back in place after a deep - sea blunder a day earlier forced crews to remove it for about 10 hours .
Meanwhile , the governors of Louisiana and Texas declared Sunday a day to pray for help rebuilding communities and restoring the environment .
Darlene Kimball , owner of Kimball 's Seafood on the docks in Pass Christian , Miss. , has been doing that all along .
" I kept praying and praying that we'd be protected because we 've been so fortunate , " Kimball said .
" All I can do now is pray , pray , pray . "
Mississippi so far has n't seen much effect from the spill , but a large patch of oil has crept into the Mississippi Sound , the fertile waters between the state 's barrier islands and its mainland .
It was a sobering reminder that the state 's luck could run out .
Florida 's already has , at least in some places .
Government officials closed a quarter - mile section of Casino Beach in Pensacola Beach on Thursday , a day after thick pools of oil washed ashore .
Normally , there would have been hundreds of people on the sand and in the water , but even before the beach was closed , there were only two sunbathers .
" It 's pretty ugly ; there 's no question about it , " said Florida Gov. Charlie Crist .
In response to the spill , the Obama administration is seeking to resurrect a six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling put in place after the April 20 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig , which killed 11 workers and blew out the well 5,000 feet underwater .
BP PLC was leasing the rig from owner Transocean Ltd .
U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman , who overturned the moratorium , on Thursday rejected a Justice Department request that he allow it to stay in place while officials appeal his ruling .
Like this stuff ?
Get it delivered to your email inbox daily !
Click here !
If you 're interested in the below , spend 18 minutes watching this video by epidemiologist Elizabeth Pisani , whose spent nearly two decades traveling around the world studying the spread of HIV / AIDS .
It is absolutely fascinating -- so much so , that I 've watched it a few times , even though it 's long by Internet video standards .
( Caution : there 's some language in the video which may not be appropriate for work , but that should n't be shocking given that she interviews prostitutes for a living , literally ; check out the title of her book . ) --
Dan
Getting High Off Others ' Blood
" Flashblood . "
The word itself conjures the idea of something not - so - good , and the description confirms it .
Flashblooding is the practice of injecting oneself with the blood of another person -- a person who immediately prior shot him or herself up with heroin -- with the intention of sharing the high , or at least staving off some withdrawal symptoms .
And yes , it 's real .
Researchers backed by the National Institute on Drug Abuse discovered the practice in Tanzania , Kenya , and Zanzibar recently , and many expect that it happens in other parts of Africa as well .
It 's most often practiced by addicts who are also extraordinarily poor , even by African standards .
It is by no means common ( thankfully ! ) , but the impact can nonetheless be huge , given Africa 's already rampant AIDS and HIV epidemic .
To make matters worse , it may not actually be effective .
While those who practice flashblooding attest to feeling highs and , at times , even passing out , the flashblooder is actually only injecting about a teaspoon of blood into a five - quart sea .
The resulting " high " may just be nothing more than the placebo effect .
Bonus fact :
You can buy blood in other forms , too .
In India , cricket superstar Sachin Tendulkar , has a book coming out in February .
For $ 75,000 , you can get an autographed copy -- signed in blood .
Remember me Log In
Know Your Enemy
Login to add to your favorite
Login to add to your favorite
Add to you Site
The link to this page is :
You can add this media player into your website :
IRUMBAI , INDIA — I was sitting recently with a group of women in the fishing village of Thantirayankuppam .
They were members of a self - help group , a cooperative that gathered regularly to arrange loans for members in distress and provide counseling to one another .
K. Kuppalaxmi , one of the leaders of the group , told me that it played a critical role in helping women deal with the vicissitudes of life in a poor , backward village .
The biggest problem the group faced , she said , was the high number of female suicides .
She had recently returned from a nearby hospital , where one of the group ’s members was in critical condition after setting herself on fire .
The woman had been driven to suicide by her husband , Ms. Kuppalaxmi said .
He drank and gambled ; he beat her .
Such behavior , she said , was the cause of virtually all the recent suicide attempts in the village .
It ’s a familiar story around here , and it ’s one of the reasons almost all the self - help groups in this area are aimed solely at women .
Talk to development workers involved in the groups , and they ’ll list all the reasons men are difficult to work with : they drink , they gamble , they fight , they bring politics into the groups , and they spend loans intended for the family on alcohol or entertainment .
Both Jay Pandolfo and Andrew Peters were bought out by the Devils today after clearing waivers at noon .
That makes both players unrestricted free agents .
Center Rod Pelley is also listed among the NHL’s UFA , joining both Myles Stoez and Brad Snetsinger .
The three players did not receive qualifying offers , which made them unrestricted free agents .
According to Lou Lamoriello , Pelley was offered a qualifying contract .
It ’s possible the NHL made a mistake in listing him .
Keep it tuned in to The Devils ’
Den for all your Devils free agent news today !
( NewsTarget )
As if Louisiana and other gulf coast residents did n't already have enough to worry about from the catastrophic oil spill , new reports are indicating that the very air they breathe has become a health threat .
Air quality samples have found levels of sulphur dioxide , benzene and other volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) anywhere from 100 to 1000 times the maximum levels considered safe .
One place Gulf Coast residents may look to find considerable relief from VOCs in their homes and offices is their local organic nurseries where they can find indoor plants that are proven natural toxin removers .
The Louisiana Environmental Action Network ( LEAN ) recently evaluated the EPA 's air content and quality testing results in Venice Beach , Louisiana .
LEAN found hydrogen sulfide content of up to 1,192 parts per billion .
LEAN and other agencies have also found extremely elevated levels of other VOCs , most notably cancer causing benzene .
The highest levels of benzene detected to date were on April 30 , at 3,084 ppb , followed by May 2 , at 3,416 ppb .
Louisiana 's ambient air standard for the VOC benzene is 3.76 ppb .
All VOCs are highly toxic to humans and physical reactions from exposure to these gases include : * Drowsiness * Irritation of eyes , nose or throat * Coughing or difficulty breathing * Dizziness * Nausea or vomiting * Rapid or irregular heartbeat *
Headaches * Tremors * Confusion * Memory damage * Ocular damage * Neurological damage * Convulsions * Unconsciousness * Death ( at very high levels ) Scores of residents and clean up workers have already been reported as suffering from spill - related symptoms .
Louisiana 's Health Secretary Alan Levine told CBS
News there have been 75 people so far reporting spill - related symptoms in Louisiana .
CNN has reported that an additional 15 cases have been reported in Alabama .
The good news is that common indoor plants may offer considerable improvement for the air in homes and offices .
In the late 1980s , NASA and the Associated Landscape Contractors of America ( ALCA ) spent two years testing common house plants for their ability to remove the volatile organic compounds benzene , trichloroethylene and formaldehyde from the air .
The study found that all of the plants were useful , with some houseplants capable of removing as much as 87 percent of indoor air pollutants within 24 hours .
The plants the study found effective were : * Bamboo or Reed Palm * Elephant Ear Philodendron * Chinese Evergreen*Chrysanthemum*Cornstalk Dracaena * English Ivy * Gerbera Daisy * Golden Pothos* Heartleaf Philodendron * Janet Craig Dracaena *Peace Lily * Red-edged Dracaena *Selloum Philodendron * Snake Plant * Spider Plant * Warneck Dracaena *Weeping FigThough the study was limited to only three common VOC pollutants , it is believed that the same indoor plants should also be effective against other VOCs , including sulphur dioxide .
The plants which were found to be most effective for benzene removal were : English Ivy , Dracaena marginata , Janet Craig , Warneckei , Chrysanthemum , Gerbera Daisy and Peace lily .
Besides the benefits of eliminating toxins from the air , plants are a source of oxygen .
They have been found to elevate mood as well as productivity and they reduce fatigue , coughs , sore throats and other cold - related illnesses by more than 30 percent , partially by increasing humidity levels and decreasing dust .
In addition to houseplants , carbon air filters in combination with HEPA filters are very good for removing VOCs and other pollutants from indoor air .
Activated carbon filters in particular are effective at eliminating sulphur dioxide in both air and water .
Sulphur dioxide is commonly referred to as " rotten egg gas " due to its distinctive odor .
Venezuela leader Hugo Chavez severs ties with Colombia Published duration 23 July 2010
image caption Mr Chavez made his announcement as football legend Diego Maradona visited
Venezuela has broken off diplomatic relations with Colombia and ordered Colombian diplomats to leave the country by Sunday .
President Hugo Chavez said he had " no choice " after Colombia accused Venezuela of being a haven for guerrillas - a charge he denies .
He said that he was acting " out of dignity " in severing ties .
He also ordered the military to be on maximum alert on Venezuela 's border with Colombia .
Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro said the government was also considering suspending flights and cutting commercial ties with Colombia .
President Chavez made his announcement shortly after a meeting of the Organisation of American States ( OAS ) in Washington , at which Colombia presented videos , maps and photos to back up its claims that Marxist Farc and ELN rebels have bases in Venezuela .
" We have no other choice but , out of dignity , to totally break our relations with our brother nation of Colombia , " Mr Chavez said live on national television as he hosted a visit by Argentina football coach Diego Maradona .
He said the photographs shown to the OAS could have been be faked , and insisted that Venezuela was doing everything possible to stop Colombian rebels crossing the border .
" We do not tolerate the Farc in Venezuela , " he said , before calling outgoing Colombian President Alvaro Uribe a " mafia boss " , a " madman " and a " criminal " .
He suggested Mr Uribe could be seeking a conflict with Venezuela before he left office next month .
" Uribe is even capable of setting up a fake camp in one of the jungles on the Venezuelan side to attack it , bomb it and bring about a war between Colombia and Venezuela , " Mr Chavez said .
A US official was quoted by AFP news agency as saying that Venezuela breaking ties with Colombia was not a " proper way " to raise concerns .
Inspection call
In Washington , Colombian ambassador to the OAS Luis Alfonso Hoyos said the material was clear evidence that about 1,500 Colombian rebels were sheltering at numerous camps inside Venezuela .
His Venezuelan counterpart , Roy Chaderton , ridiculed the Colombian evidence , saying that the photos and videos could have been taken anywhere .
Mr Hoyos demanded that Venezuela fulfil its international obligations to fight terrorism and that it allow an international commission to visit suspect sites .
" We have the right to demand that Venezuela does n't hide those wanted by Colombia , " he said .
After the meeting , OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza told reporters that the regional body could not mount an inspection mission without Venezuela 's consent .
The issue over whether Venezuela has rebels on its territory has dogged ties between the two South American nations for the past eight years .
But the latest exchange plunges bilateral relations to a new low .
In the interview , Mr Cameron said : “ My own view is that we do need to review the abortion limit .
I think that the way medical science and technology have developed in the past few decades does mean that an upper limit of 20 or 22 weeks would be sensible .
Where my thoughts are stored in byte - addressable little - endian format memory .
CNET
Though LG is a founding member of the Open Handset Alliance , the manufacturer has introduced just a handful of Android phones so far .
Only one model , the Ally for Verizon Wireless , has landed in the United States and even that was just a few weeks ago .
That will soon change , however , as LG CEO Nam Yong recently announced that his company would introduce 20 Android - powered devices by the end of this year .
Though the new models will be on a global scale , and the number does n't take into account the same phone being rebranded for other carriers , it 's nice to see LG getting serious about Android .
With only six months left in the year , I hope to see some innovation out of the company .
And as more Android devices hit the market it will be harder to stand out and differentiate .
After all , if there 's one thing Motorola has proven over the last year , it 's that new form factors can be found at every turn .
LG can't risk putting out " me too " sliding QWERTY handsets and slab phones .
The LG
Ally is a good value , but it 's rather unremarkable .
Like many people , Yigit Cinar was frustrated with the limitations of Apple ’s iPad and other tablets .
Unlike others , he actually sketched out a vision of his ideal tablet computer .
Using Autodesk Maya , Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Flash , he created a 3 - D rendering and then produced a video showing exactly what he ’d like his tablet to have .
“ I am following news on tablets , but not one of them did exactly satisfy my needs , ” Cinar said .
“ So I decided to put my skills in use to design the tablet of my dreams . ”
Multiple USB ports ?
Check .
HDMI port ?
Of course .
Removable battery ?
Naturally .
Where he gets really innovative , though , is in a removable “ hand module ” with a 2.3 - inch color screen , which can be clipped to his belt or strapped onto his armband , serving as an MP3 player and remote control for the tablet that would be , presumably , tucked safely in his backpack .
Cinar would like HP to build this device , with a digitizer screen ( not a touchpad , apparently ) by Wacom , and Google ’s Chrome OS running the show .
Taken together , it ’s a package that only a true geek could love .
But in features , if not elegance , it certainly surpasses not only the iPad , but also the upcoming Dell Streak , HP Slate and countless other tablets .
Of course , it ’s all a complete fantasy .
“ Expecting the giants of the market to team up to create an all - inclusive product like this seems a bit utopian , ” conceded Cinar .
But if the iPad ’s limitations infuriate you , Dell ’s slowness frustrates you , and HP ’s lack of clue baffles you , then Cinar ’s mockup might soothe your troubled mind .
Image and video : Yigit Cinar
See Also :
BP Chairman Carl - Henric
Svanberg is clearly in a no-win situation .
Nonetheless ,
Gulf residents are angry after the Swede referred to them as small people , as in " We care about the small people . "
The AP quotes several furious residents , including Justin Taffinder : " We 're not small people .
We 're human beings .
They 're no greater than us .
We do n't bow down to them .
We do n't pray to them . "
A BP spokesman resorted to the ESL excuse to explain the chairman 's comments :
Asked about the BP chairman 's remark , BP spokesman Toby Odone told The Associated Press in an e-mail that " it is clear that what he means is that he cares about local businesses and local people .
This was a slip in translation . "
Let 's hope grinning Tony Hayward does n't put his foot in his mouth tomorrow .
Image 1991 In Kurdistan during the Persian Gulf war .
Credit ... From “ Hitch - 22 ”
Even when he was a young man , Hitchens ’s bête noire was Stalin .
Born in 1949 , the author came of age during that heady moment of “ revolution within the revolution , ” that time when Trotskyism had captured the imaginations of an international class of students , intellectuals and organizers .
He was a natural soixante - huitard , a Labour Party member and anti-Vietnam War demonstrator in advance of 1968 itself , and one can feel his enthusiasm for that era still .
“ If you have never yourself had the experience of feeling that you are yoked to the great steam engine of his­tory , ” he says , “ then allow me to inform you that the conviction is a very intoxicating one . ”
Image 2004 With Ian McEwan , left , and Martin Amis in Uruguay .
Credit ... From “ Hitch - 22 ”
As soon as we leave Oxford , however , and follow him on his tour through the revolutionist ’s Fodor ’s ( he goes to Havana and Prague , Poland and Portugal ) , we begin to hear about the ways that international socialism is n’t quite delivering on its promise , either from his young perspective or from the perspective of disillusioned comrades he meets along the way .
We also follow Hitchens to the Iraq of 1976 , which he now more or less admits to have gotten wrong —
“ I should have registered the way that people almost automatically flinched at the mention of the name Sad­dam Hussein ” — and we follow him back there after Desert Storm , when he very much wished to get it right .
And there ’s a whole chapter about Salman Rushdie , whose involuntary fugitive status occasions a moment in 1989 when the personal and the political truly do inter­twine , with Hitchens looking aghast at those on the left who , under the guise of multi­cultural ­sensitivity , were unwilling to condemn the ayatollah ’s fatwa .
By the time 9/11 comes along , we are hardly surprised to hear the author describe its barbarism as “ fascism with an Islamic face ” — a phrase he coined back then that has since evolved into the blunter , catchall term “ Islamo­fascism . ”
Little by little , he has been setting us up for his divorce from the left , and his surrender to the conviction that “ the only historical revolution with any verve left in it , or any example to offer others , was the American one . ”
Some will find his version of events sympathetic ; others will find it a cliché , the inevitable rightward drift of an old Trotskyist ; and still others will violently quarrel with his tangents and disquisitions , as Hitchens so often makes one do ( he may be smarter than most of us , but when he ’s hellbent on making a point , he ’ll haul out straw men one would just as soon leave to the cows ) .
Personally , I did n’t lose all patience with him until the end , when he claims that although he wanted the “ moral arithmetic ” to add up so that he could remain on “ the ‘ left ’ side of the column , ” he could n’t when it came to Bosnia : “ I was brought to the abrupt admission that , if the majority of my former friends got their way about non­intervention , there would be another genocide on European soil . ”
Perhaps this was true of the intellectual left , but it was Bill Clinton , a center - left president Hitchens detested for his opportunism and slipperiness , who finally ordered the troops in , and he did so over a squall of conservative objection , with 29 Republican senators voting against the intervention , versus only one Democrat .
( How ’s that arithmetic ? )
The truth is , by Hitchens ’s standards , his examination of how he and the left parted company is surprisingly un­strident and nonpolemical .
It is , in fact , almost melancholic .
He ’s not claiming with his typical adamantine force that the balance sheets work out .
And perhaps the strongest theme in “ Hitch - 22 ” is just this — that sometimes the balance sheets are an unholy mess .
From the time he was young , Hitchens says , he ’s tried to keep dueling notions in intellectual and emotional equipoise .
His need to manage contradictions came early , with an exotic spirit for a mother and an embittered Tory for a dad .
By the time he got to Oxford , he was quite accustomed to “ keeping two sets of books , ” passing out leaflets at car plants by day and racing off in fancier dress to the Gridiron Club by night .
When he began his work at The New Statesman , he realized that “ journalism was the ideal profession for someone like myself who was drawn to the Janus - faced mode of life , ” in that one had to seduce both sides to hear the whole story .
So yes , Christopher Hitchens may long to be a cogent man of reason , and he can certainly be a pitiless adversary .
But he knows there are two sides to any decent match , and it ’s touching , in “ Hitch - 22 , ” to see how often he ’ll race to the other side of the court to return his own serve .
Which may explain why , though he tries to be difficult , he ’s so hard to dislike .
It 's a difficult business developing a rocket .
If it were that easy , everyone would have one ( even the UK ! ) .
But the stats are clear - some two - thirds of the new vehicles introduced in the past 20 years experienced a failure on their first outing .
And of that number , more than one - third tripped up on their second flight too .
So SpaceX must be cock - a- hoop that its Falcon 9 rocket worked straight out of the box on Friday .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
The company , whose goal is to reduce the cost of access to space , had naturally tried to dampen expectations before lift - off .
CEO and chief designer Elon Musk had suggested it would be a " good day " if only the first - stage of the two - stage Falcon worked properly .
Making orbit would be a " great day " , he said .
Friday turned out to be a " great day " .
We got clear onboard video of the ascent over the Atlantic , almost to the point of the second stage shut - down , just under nine minutes after the Falcon left the Cape .
The last altitude call I heard was for 256 km - a little more than the target injection orbit .
The Falcon was equipped with over 100 sensors .
We 'll hear more about the key performance data in the days and weeks ahead .
But the evident success of the launch will reverberate around Capitol Hill in Washington DC .
US President Barack Obama 's insistence on cancelling Nasa's Ares rockets and the rest of its Moon - bound Constellation programme has ignited a furious row with Congress .
Politicians whose states will miss out on Constellation 's multi-billion - dollar contracts are up in arms , and they have n't exactly been saying nice things about SpaceX - the upstart that has suggested the commercial sector might be able to launch astronauts into space for a fraction of the cost of traditional government - run programmes .
When I spoke to Elon Musk on Thursday , I put it to him that he and his company had become something of a political football in recent months , kicked back and forth in the war of words between Congress and the White House .
SpaceX was a " punching bag , a whipping boy , " he said :
" Our launch should not be a verdict on the viability of commercial space .
Commercial space is the only way forward .
If we go with super - expensive government developments , in the absence of some massive increase in the space budget we will never do anything interesting in space .
And given the enormous federal deficits both in the US and obviously in Europe , that means there will not be an interesting future in space .
It 's not a path forward ; it is the only path forward .
There is a long way to go before SpaceX will be allowed to launch astronauts to the space station on a Falcon 9 .
Just because the first launch met its prime objectives does n't mean everything is guaranteed to go swimmingly in future .
But the company will now push forward with its development programme .
It has a second Falcon 9 already assembled and sitting in Texas awaiting shipment to Cape Canaveral .
The next flight will not have a dummy capsule atop its length like Friday 's rocket ; it will have a fully functional Dragon freighter .
Dragon is the centrepiece of SpaceX 's plan to deliver cargo to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The second flight will be the first of the so - called Cots test flights .
Cots stands for Commercial Orbital Transportation Services .
It is the seed programme Nasa established to bring the commercial sector into the business of restocking the ISS .
Whereas Friday 's dummy capsule was thrown into a 250 km - high orbit and abandoned , on the Cots test the Dragon capsule will be asked to perform a series of manoeuvres to demonstrate its capability .
It will then have to show it can return safely to Earth by passing intact through the heat of re-entry and landing softly in the ocean via parachute .
These are tall tasks , but SpaceX is confident that on the second Cots mission , perhaps by this time next year , it can actually take its unmanned Dragon all the way into the ISS and deliver supplies .
This is one flight ahead of the Cots schedule agreed with Nasa and the agency has yet to sanction the accelerated timetable .
Nasa is mulling it over , but may just decide to go with it .
The retirement of the shuttle leaves a 60 - tonne shortfall in the cargo manifest through to 2016 that must be filled by robotic freighters .
Even if they all work , the margin will be tight .
So providing SpaceX can meet its milestones , Nasa could accede to the request to go to the station early because the platform really does need all the supplies it can get .
I 'm interested to see if SpaceX manages to find and recover the first - stage from Friday 's launch .
The plan eventually is to try to make the Falcon 9 totally reusable .
That is , to get back everything that went up , reassemble it and put it back on the launch pad to go again .
This is all part of the drive to dramatically reduce the costs of spaceflight .
Is it really feasible ?
I do n't know .
But Friday 's first - stage was equipped with a heat - resistant covering and a parachute .
SpaceX will certainly go and look for it .
Elon Musk told me this week :
" Long term , it 's critical that true reusability is achieved for orbital transport .
In the absence of that I do n't think we will ever extend life beyond Earth because the capital costs will be far too high .
The shuttle of course is a partially reusable launch vehicle - the main tank is thrown away each time .
But the bits that are reusable are so difficult to reuse that the shuttle actually costs more than an expendable rocket . "
It 's all interesting stuff .
The second Falcon 9 launch should take place before the summer is out .
Watch this space .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
One problem with the focus the Israeli raid on the Gaza aid flotilla is that it may make it appear that the Israeli blockade of Gaza is the central issue .
Then any Israeli loosening of the blockade would seem to be an advance .
In fact , the blockade is not the problem but is rather a symptom of the underlying issue , which is Palestinian statelessness .
Gazans have no state .
What the Israelis deign to call the ‘ Hamas regime ’ is no such thing because it lacks sovereignty , over its borders , air , sea , imports and exports .
( The idea that Israel is ‘ at war ’ with its own occupied territory is laughable . )
The Israeli ‘ withdrawal ’ of 2005 simply removed a few thousand colonists and withdrew troops , usually , to the borders .
But it did not allow the creation of a sovereign state .
Gazans are excluded from a third of their own farmland by Israeli restrictions on where people can live .
That so many Gazans are unemployed , that their industries have collapsed , that they are food insecure , and that malnutrition is causing stunting in 10 % of children– all these outrages derive from their lack of a sovereign state to look out for their interests .
The International Committee of the Red Cross issued a report this weekend detailing the harm to Gazan children and civilians of the blockade .
Most do not even have clean water to drink .
Aljazeera English also reports on the impact of the blockade on Gaza ’s children :
Nevertheless , the problems inflicted on Gazans by the Israeli blockade will not be resolved by a loosening of the blockade .
They will only be resolved by the bestowal of citizenship on Gazans , either by a Palestinian state ( which does not exist and would have to be created ) or by Israel ( which does not want the Gazans as citizens but may end up being stuck with them ) .
What I cannot understand is how Israel , the US , and the European Union expect this thing to end .
In the West Bank there are three political processes .
First , there are the proximity talks between Palestine Authority president Mahmoud Abbas and the Israelis ( talks about the conditions for talks ) .
Second , there are municipal elections this summer in the West Bank .
Third , the ‘ Fayyad Plan ’ calls for the Palestine Authority to have some 20,000 trained security forces in the West Bank by summer 2011 , at which point Salim Fayyad , the appointed prime minister of the Palestine Authority and his government could well declare an independent state .
But in Gaza there is no political process and no prospect of one .
The fundamentalist party , Hamas , won the January 2006 parliamentary elections in the Palestine Authority .
But the Israelis and the US immediately rejected its victory and kidnapped parliamentarians and disrupted the government and then supported a coup in the West Bank by Fatah , the secular nationalist party of president Abbas .
An attempt to extend the coup to the Gaza Strip failed , so Hamas remained in power there .
The Israelis have attempted to overthrow and dislodge Hamas , including through the blockade on ordinary civilians and through the 2008 - 09 Gaza War , but so far have failed .
Unless a way can be found to hold legitimate elections in Gaza , it will remain isolated , even from other Palestinians in the West Bank , both politically and economically , so that the lives of its inhabitants will continue to be hell .
The Israeli far right , now in power politically , will use the isolation of Gaza to argue that there is no single Palestinian representative with whom they can negotiate , and that they therefore do not need to negotiate , and can go blockading Gazans and stealing the land of West Bank Palestinians .
To repeat : the Israeli blockade of Gaza is a war crime and it is harming the health and well - being of the Gazans .
But it is not in and of itself the problem , such that easing the blockade solves anything fundamental .
Incorporation of Gazans into a sovereign state such that they have citizenship and can exercise popular sovereignty is the key to any real advance .
It seems to me therefore less than earth - shaking that the White House is backing an internal Israeli inquiry into its fatal raid in international waters against an aid flotilla that aimed at helping the civilian population of the Gaza Strip .
The commission will have some distinguished Europeans on it as observers , but the performance of the Israeli authorities with regard to investigating their own during the 2008 - 2009 Gaza War and Tel Aviv ’s demonization of Judge Richard Goldstone and the Goldstone Report do not encourage confidence .
Moreover , even if the commission found that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu erred in sending commandos to board the Mavi Marmara aid ship , it is hard to see how the ordinary people of Gaza would benefit from such a finding .
In any case , Washington and Tel Aviv no longer have infinite time to resolve the issue .
The blockade of civilians is backfiring on the Israelis by provoking more and more aid ships .
Even little Bahrain is sending aid to Gaza .
And , Iran is planning an aid flotilla ( I expect real trouble over that one ) .
And Turkey is planning another , this time possibly with the Turkish prime minister aboard ( major international conflict looming , possibly even hostilities ) .
The international community has to stop dithering and intervene to end this Israeli lawlessness in Gaza , and provide a path for Gazans to citizenship in some sovereign state .
The consequences of not doing so are now potentially explosive .
" You do n't spread democracy through the barrel of a gun . "
- Helen Thomas , Journalist & White House Correspondent , 1960 - 2010
“ get the hell out of Palestine ”
“ go home ”
“ She is advocating religious cleansing .
How can Hearst stand by her ?
If a journalist , or a columnist , said the same thing about blacks or Hispanics , they would already have lost their jobs . ”
“ get the hell out . ”
“ The obvious comparison is asking all European Americans to " get the hell out " , and leave the land to its rightful owners , Native Americans .
One could argue Mexican Americans might have an argument to stay in certain parts of the country .
The European migration to America is n't such a stretch if one thinks about
it .
Colonialism makes use of people fleeing religious persecution to populate their new possession . . . ”
“ Where was their indignation when Rush Limbaugh was making disgraceful and insulting comments about African Americans , gays , Muslims , and women and then was hosted and toasted at the White House ?
And did they speak out when Pat Robertson was making bizarre pronouncements connecting the devastation of Katrina or Ariel Sharon 's stroke with God 's justice ?
If I thought they understood shame , I would advise them to feel some . ”
By now you ’ve heard : pioneering Washington journalist Helen Thomas has , thanks to a viral video interview , been pilloried for offensive comments about Israel and ousted from the press corps ’ inner sanctum .
Her words were definitely incendiary : Jews shouldandto Europe and America .
But the reaction suggests that the Rabbilive ambush was just a catalyst for a gathering storm of political enmity .
She was after all , one of the few hard - nosed reporters ( and women ) in the briefing room who ruthlessly challenged the White House on foreign policy issues .
To George W. Bush ’s former press secretary Ari Fleischer comments were tantamount to a call for genocide : Getting fired for bigoted words ?
Somehow that fate has not befallen the cabal of right - wing Bloviators who have literally built their careers pushing the propaganda war against Latinos , other people of color , gay people , liberals and anyone else they disagree with .
They ’re not journalists in the formal sense , but their frothing tirades , word - for - word , arguably wield more influence over the corporate news cycle .
In contrast to Thomas - Gate , though , Limbaugh and friends do n’t need to be ambushed and exposed by rogue YouTube muckrakers .
They ’ve spewed their venom to millions daily on television and radio , backed by advertisers , media executives and an audience that happily blinds itself to political hypocrisyAt the Huffington Post , some cooler heads have spoken in Thomas 's defense while criticizing her remarks , noting a double standard in how Americans talk about who shouldOn moral relativism , Paul Jay of Real News argues :
At any rate , we all know what 's going on here .
The hyper - pro - Israel lobby , in both parties , has n't much liked the fact that Helen Thomas dares to speak up and question that most sacred of topics , and right from the front row of the White House Press Gallery .
James Zogby of the Arab American Institute puts Thomas 's comments in perspective and calls out the right - wingers , embodied in the character assassination of Ari Fleischer , for its far more virulent rhetoric against people of color , gays , and , oops , yes , Jews : When Lou Dobbs , Glen Beck and company have likened immigration to an illegal invasion of America 's God - given dominion , they 're just brandishing their patriotism , right ?
As opposed to the misguided journalists who dare question an actual occupation perpetuated by the U.S. , in another part of the world .
Granted , it 's hard to tell who 's blaming who for what sometimes , as right - wingers tend to employ the same terminology when debating immigration and America 's Muslim and Arab adversaries : invaders , terrorists , conquerors , and the occasional fascism reference .
Language is a funny thing .
With all her experience in the White House press corps , Helen Thomas should have known what words are off limits .
There are some lines you just can't cross in the media ... unless ( of course ) you 're the one who gets to write the rules .
CREDITS : - Michelle Chen ( " Helen Thomas Pays for Crossing a Line Others Trample " , RaceWire .
Com & The Applied Research Center , 6.9.2010 .
Image : - Photographer Unknown , President John F. Kennedy interviewed by Helen Thomas , 1960s ) .
Marvel vs Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds
One of the most requested games of all time is finally on its way .
Expect over - the - top special moves and reality crushing combos to usher in a new era of curly moustaches , Pringles chips and disparaging comments about the Knicks .
The UK’s Register is quoting an ON.CC report ( in Chinese , Google translation here ) that Foxconn , which has seen a rash of suicides at its Shenzhen plant recently , will close down its entire operation in Mainland China .
The Irish Times , however , is reporting that , “ Taiwanese electronics maker Foxconn says it is considering moving some of its production back to the self - ruled island where it has its headquarters . ”
So it is unclear what exactly the company is thinking right now regarding its future in China .
Foxconn has about 800,000 employees throughout Mainland China , and has said that the labor - intensive approach that it ’s taken in China is probably not sustainable long term .
Foxconn of course most famously produces the iPhone for Apple ( which has reportedly ordered 24 million iPhone 4 ’s for 2010 from Foxconn , and Jobs at D8 : Foxconn is not a sweatshop ) , but the manufacturer also supplies products for numerous other multinationals .
The Register report says that parent company Hon Hai Group will move the Mainland operations to Vietnam , Taiwan and India .
The suicides are of course tragic and still the main story .
However , if Foxconn were to move all or a significant portion at least of its operations out of Mainland China , this could have far reaching implications not only to tech hardware prices worldwide , but also could have a ( probably small ) negative impact on China ’s economy ( even in China , 800,000 jobs are still kind of a lot ) , and perhaps even a bigger impact might be on the general bad taste the entire incident has left on the country , especially around labor relations and conditions on the Mainland .
Read next : Update time : Adobe Flash Player goes to v 10.1
A dramatic new plan to end homelessness within a decade was announced by the Obama administration this week .
The initiative calls for ending homelessness among veterans in five years and eliminating it among children and families within 10 years .
The Obama plan , “ Opening Doors : Federal Strategic Plan to Prevent and End Homelessness , ” marks the first time the federal government has undertaken such a comprehensive effort .
According to the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , over 1.6 million people were homeless in 2009 .
Commenting on the new proposal , HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan called homelessness “ a preventable tragedy , a tragedy we can solve . ”
During the Great Recession homelessness is on the rise .
“ The number of families in homeless shelters jumped 7 percent by nearly 11,000 families from 2008 to 2009 .
Overall , family homelessness was up 30 percent in 2009 from 2007 , ” writes the Miami Herald .
Earlier in the decade , the Bush administration undertook a plan to wipe out the problem among specific populations of “ chronically homeless , ” defined as people who spend large amounts of time in shelters or hospitals .
While showing some abatement , the Bush plan failed , leaving a big percentage in the same condition .
Says the Herald , “ Under the Bush initiative , the nation ’s chronic homeless population fell to 111,000 in 2009 from nearly 156,000 in 2006 , after 42,000 permanent supportive housing slots were added . ”
The new call to action to aid the country ’s poorest has several key elements : increasing leadership , collaboration , and civic engagement ; increasing access to stable and affordable housing ; increasing economic security ; improving health and stability ; and retooling the homeless response system .
Regarding economic security , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis said the homeless need help in preparing for meaningful jobs .
The department would use more than $ 24 million as part of stimulus money to provide job training to about 14,000 homeless veterans , she said , with 97 grants going to 31 states .
Bills in the House and Senate to provide jobs and unemployment benefits have stalled because of Republican opposition .
Indeed , the GOP - imposed blockade on programs to help the poor may make it unlikely that Congress will appropriate money to support the plan .
Maria Foscarinis , executive director of the National Law Center on Homelessness & Poverty , said , “ The big question is whether preventing children and families in the U.S. from becoming homeless is important enough for Congress ” to increase homeless - program funding , “ and I do n’t think they ’ll do that without enough pressure and leadership from the White House . ”
However , President Obama is seeking financial support .
The Associated Press reports that funding for the effort includes some of the $ 2 billion in stimulus money allocated last year to the 19 federal agencies in the council .
The money , used for a variety of services related to the homeless , is in addition to $ 3.79 billion budgeted for such services in 2010 .
The Obama administration is seeking $ 4.2 billion for the federal Interagency Council on Homelessnes in the 2011 fiscal year , including money specific to the new plan ’s initiatives , said Jason Kravitz , a spokesman for the council .
Importantly , LGBT groups applauded the comprehensiveness of the program , noting it targeted young people of different sexual orientations for help .
HUD Secretary Donovan said , “ While some are scarred by war , others are families who have recently lost their home ; still , others are youth aging out of foster care or are perhaps unable to stay with families [ that are ] hostile to their sexual orientation or gender identity . ”
Economic stimulus monies have helped over 350,000 people move from shelters to apartments this year .
Photo : http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/deed.en
Found my package on the way out .. took it with me and I got laid .. gallery ( might be nsfw if shower scenes are questionable ) - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010
It 's Jan Svankmajer !
I do n't know if my anonymous giver researched me or not , but I love surrealism and I will get a lot of inspiration for my own monster furniture with this collection of shorts .
Thank you anony - santa !
Links to photos :
1 - received - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/kaiDK
2 - Just hangin with a friend - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/7VKg9
3 - Swinging as high as we can in kids seats .
I won . - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/gCzoJ
4 - Playing in the creek - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/UU8Io
5 - Napping by the fountain in the Flaming Lips video - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/WpdeX
6 - Wishing I had a sandwich - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/Z5cuh
7 - reading my favorite book to the package - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/oKC5R
8 - back home and showering - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/ZXDxZ
9 - A cocktail and then some undressing - http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/eNoXW
10 - Fully nude !
- http://pegothejerk.imgur.com/reddit_gift__arbitrary_day_2010/SxVGO
Link to /r/secretsanta post - http://www.reddit.com/r/secretsanta/comments/cfbiz/got_my_gift_decided_to_take_it_out_around_town/
On 15 December 2009 , a photograph was taken of Janis Sharp , the mother of Gary McKinnon , and the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , outside the Home Office in Westminster .
They were there to protest against the extradition of McKinnon , aged 44 , to the US on charges of computer fraud .
Eight years earlier McKinnon , an Asperger 's syndrome sufferer , had hacked repeatedly into Pentagon and Nasa networks .
“ They could try him here if they wanted to , so it 's up to the government here to do the right thing , " Clegg said in an interview that day .
" If Gordon Brown really had a moral compass , he would do the right thing and try Gary McKinnon here instead . "
Little more than five months later , on 25 May , Clegg , the new Deputy Prime Minister , said of the McKinnon case in a radio interview that " what I have n't got the power to do - neither has the Home Secretary , neither has even the Prime Minister - is to completely reverse and undo certain legal aspects of this .
But that , of course , you would n't want politicians to do .
It 's legally very complex . "
The truth is out there
Opposition made adopting principled positions simpler .
Clegg also stated that his personal view on the case remained unchanged - McKinnon should ideally be tried in a British court .
But his equivocation on the law had upset Sharp and , when I visited her recently at her home in Hertfordshire , she wept as she spoke about her son .
“ I think we all thought that we had waited until this , the new government ; and then we 'd done it .
They 've all made promises , " she said , referring to the support offered to the McKinnon campaign not only by Clegg but other senior Lib Dem MPs , as well as David Cameron .
In 2001 , McKinnon was living with his girlfriend , Tamsin , in a flat in north London .
He was , says Sharp , depressed - without a regular job , and spending most of his time alone in a room , on his computer .
It emerged on his arrest in 2002 that , using the name " Solo " , he had hacked into 97 US government computers between 2001 and 2002 .
His actions , according to US officials , caused networks to shut down , damaged computers and incurred costs of $ 800,000 .
McKinnon said he had been looking for evidence of UFOs , a childhood interest passed on from his stepfather , Wilson Sharp .
McKinnon was surprised at how easy it was to enter the US networks .
There were no firewalls and many government staff did not even have passwords .
He left notes as he went , pointing out security deficiencies .
One said : " US foreign policy is akin to government - sponsored terrorism these days ?
It was not a mistake that there was a huge security stand - down on September 11 last year . . . I am SOLO .
I will continue to disrupt at the highest levels . "
Sharp readily accepts that what McKinnon did was wrong , but denies that he caused damage .
( No firm evidence of damage was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service by US officials , and it is not clear any was gathered ; a report says their accusations were based on " hearsay " . )
On 12 November 2002 , six months after his arrest , McKinnon was indicted by the US government on eight counts of computer fraud .
He remained at liberty until June 2005 , when he was subjected to bail conditions - required to report to a police station every day and forbidden from using a computer .
Later that year , the US began extradition proceedings that he and his supporters have been fighting ever since .
McKinnon 's case now rests with the new Home Secretary , Theresa May .
( The Home Office will give no substantial statement on the case , nor any indication when a final decision will be made . )
May is specifically considering the medical evidence - the only grounds on which his extradition can be overturned .
According to a number of medical experts , McKinnon is in no state to be transported to the US .
His psychiatrist , Professor Jeremy Turk , has said that McKinnon suffers from a " serious major depressive disorder . . . aggravated and complicated by anxiety and panic attacks with multiple psychosomatic symptoms on a background of his having Asperger 's syndrome " .
In November 2009 he said that McKinnon was a suicide risk .
" He ca n't talk about his feelings , he can't open up , " Janis said of her son .
" I 'm frightened that we are going to lose Gary .
I 'm frightened that he is going to do something .
Because there have been close calls in the past . "
Sharp had always known her son was different .
She recalled how , as a child , he would refuse to travel on a bus and developed obsessions - with the planets and stars .
But it never occurred to her that he might be suffering from a severe medical condition ( McKinnon was n't formally diagnosed with Asperger 's until August 2008 ) .
Now , she is worried about how her son would fare leaving Britain , never mind imprisonment .
“ He hates travelling on the Tube , " she says .
" It 's a phobia .
He does n't travel abroad either , he does n't leave north London .
So for him to be put on a plane in chains , it would be torture . "
If McKinnon is extradited , he could be given a 70 - year sentence in a high - security prison ( he would , as an overseas national , be considered a " flight risk " , hence imprisonment with violent criminals rather than in an open prison ) .
If tried in the UK - his home country , and where he was living when he committed the crimes he admits to - the sentence would be more lenient .
As the human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson , QC told me : " The real impropriety of the McKinnon case is the disproportionality in the merciful sentence that he would have received here and the sentence that awaits him . "
How have we got to a point where a seriously unwell man might be locked up overseas for the rest of his life for a crime that hurt nobody ?
The answer goes back to the Extradition Act of 2003 .
This law implemented the UK 's extradition treaty with the US , under which US prosecutors did not need to provide contestable evidence in an extradition case .
In the aftermath of the 11 September 2001 attacks , the treaty was geared to help extradite terrorists .
It would also remove politicians from the process - a good thing , in principle .
However , adequate discretion was not given to judges either , making automatic extraditions worryingly easy to perform .
Ultimately , it put politicians in a bind .
Over the past eight years , a succession of Labour home secretaries , culminating in Alan Johnson , refused to reconsider McKinnon 's case .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of the human rights group Liberty , dismisses Clegg 's idea that the law is " complex " .
" If anything , it 's far too simple , " she told me .
" Too much discretion has been squeezed out of the system , and at this point politicians rather than judges are the only ones who can put it back . "
Reforming the extradition treaty would be difficult .
But in this specific case , there is a simple political decision to be made - one , says Robertson , that should not be cowed by our " special relationship " with the US .
" We were quite happy to upset the US by sending the mass murderer Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi back to a hero 's welcome in Libya - a false compassion masking a desire to curry commercial favour - and yet we are incapable of true humanity and mercy by sparing a harmless individual whose political offences were driven by an undiagnosed mental disorder . "
Instrument of torture
At the Sharps ' quiet house , you feel distant from Westminster machinations .
We sat surrounded by dogs and musical instruments .
Before McKinnon was arrested , the Sharps wrote children 's books and played music .
McKinnon was also a musician , playing in a band with friends .
They showed me a film of him singing against a sci-fi backdrop of moonscapes and UFOs circling night skies .
“ Gary ca n't pick up an instrument any more , " says Sharp , " because he says that there 's so much emotion he 's frightened for it to come
to the surface . "
Mostly he stays at home , doing very little .
His one enthusiasm is cooking - but because of his condition , says his mother , " he has to cut up his mushrooms into an exact amount , and if someone takes a bit he has to do it all over again . "
What does the future hold for McKinnon , if the Home Secretary 's decision goes in his family 's favour ?
Sharp hopes that he might work with animals - something he has always wanted to do - or return to his music .
But first they have to get Gary " back to normal " , as she puts it : to rescue him from the " dark place " he now inhabits .
And what about her ?
Her son's case has taken over Sharp 's life for the past eight years .
It is , she says , all she has thought about every day .
She says that if the decision does go their way she will " cry for a year " .
McKinnon would then be tried in Britain , but his parents would be close by to support him .
He would receive a sentence proportionate to his crime , and would most likely go to an open prison where he could see his psychiatrist regularly .
Life for the Sharps could , in some way , return to normal .
Someone once said to Janis that at least she did n't have a boring life .
" And I said , ' I 'd give anything to have a boring life . ' "
Sophie Elmhirst is an assistant editor of the NS .
Following up on yesterday 's Boing Boing post about a part - time web designer / part - time adult film actor who —using a prop " samurai sword " — is believed to have stabbed several porn biz co-workers , killing one and causing so much damage to another 's hand that it may be amputated ….
Susannah Breslin reports :
AdultFYI [ NSFW ] reports that Stephen Hill [ … ] played President Barack Obama in a hardcore adult movie .
That movie is " Palin : Erection 2008 , " and it was produced by Milton " Todd " C. Ault , III , the CEO of Zealous Inc. who was sued by several hedge funds after it was discovered Ault was funneling their moneys into making porn movies and a planned swingers retreat in the Catskills and not an " integrated global community of trading partners , " the New York Daily News reported last year .
Porn Valley killer played Obama in porn spoof ( True / Slant )
Related , from LA Times today :
The murder victim is identified .
His name was Herbert Hin Wong , and he was born in China .
There 's a manhunt on for the suspect .
Inset , above , Hill ( credited as Steve Driver ) and a co-star Raquel Divine on the cover of the DVD for the adult film in question .
A quick Google for " Palin : Erection 2008 " yields many NSFW torrents , video clips , and images , but I will not be linking to them .
Widzisz ten komunikat ponieważ twoja domena nie jest dodana do konta .
Zrób to w panelu administratora według tego poradnika : Jak dodać domenę ?
W przypadku , gdy domena została dodana a poniższy komunikat widnieje na stronie dłużej niż 30 minut ,
prosimy o kontakt z nami pod adresem : wsparcie@cyberfolks.pl
Two weeks ago we disclosed that a proposed amendment by Maine Republican Susan Collins would disqualify TruPS securities from bank regulatory capital , " which if passed into law , will trim about $ 108 billion from bank holdco Tier 1 capital , an amount which is about 13 % of the " Big 4 " banks ' total Tier 1 capital according to Moody's . "
The reason for this long overdue proposal is that TruPS are nothing but a fancy way that banks bought and sold CDOs to each other in what can only be qualified as one big Ponzi scheme involving worthless assets .
There are no longer just our words .
Bloomberg 's Yalman Onaran and Jody Shenn have written an extensive piece on the dangers facing bank balance sheets and liquidity as a result of having approximately a tenth of their capital locked into the same kinds of securities that are now the reason for Goldman 's ongoing legal troubles .
From Bloomberg :
U.S. banks are fighting to preserve the use of securities that help them appear better capitalized , even as their investments in each others ’ notes perpetuate what one regulator calls a “ downward spiral ” of losses .
The cross-ownership , largely unnoticed by bank supervisors who generally discourage the practice , was made possible by a Wall Street innovation like the ones that allowed subprime mortgages to flourish .
Small lenders , such as Riverside National Bank of Florida , were able to sell trust - preferred securities , known as TruPS , because investment bankers packaged them with those issued by dozens of other financial institutions .
Just how big was the TruPS market ?
Very :
Riverside , based in Fort Pierce , Florida , was one of almost 1,400 U.S. lenders that had issued $ 149 billion of trust preferreds by the end of 2008 , according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia .
About $ 45 billion of CDOs filled with such TruPS were created by the time the market for securitized debt shut down that year , according to PF2 Securities Evaluations , a New York - based company that helps banks and funds evaluate CDOs .
And it is not like these underlying securities have much value to them .
Luckily , Washington is finally realizing the huge destabilzing threat these pose should there be a modicum of realistic marking on bank balance sheets :
Congress may end the use of TruPS as capital , forcing banks that issued them to replenish their coffers .
Banks are lobbying to remove a provision barring their use that was introduced by Maine Republican Susan Collins and included in the financial reform bill passed by the Senate last month .
The Senate version is being reconciled with one passed by the House of Representatives in December that does n’t include a ban .
“ We ’re still working to try to minimize the damage the amendment would do to bank - holding company capital , ” said Mark Tenhundfeld , executive vice president of the American Bankers Association , which predicts the rule could force banks to raise as much as $ 130 billion of new capital or curtail lending .
Just what exactly are TruPS :
TruPS are securities issued after a bank - holding company sells debt to an off - balance - sheet trust , which then sells the notes .
They ’re considered a type of capital for regulatory purposes because they rank between common stock and senior debt in a bankruptcy .
The notes allow a bank to defer making interest payments for up to five consecutive years .
Unlike other types of preferred stock , they have fixed maturities , and missed dividends must be paid later .
For tax purposes , they count as debt , and the interest paid out can be deducted like other interest expenses .
CDOs that bundled TruPS are similar to other complex products designed by Wall Street banks that pooled assets such as mortgage bonds and loans used in leveraged buyouts into new securities , with varying risks and ratings .
CDOs were among the largest sources of the $ 1.8 trillion of losses suffered by the world ’s biggest financial companies that required governments worldwide to bail out banks with taxpayer funds .
While TruPS have been around since the 1980s , they gained wider acceptance when the Federal Reserve , which regulates bank - holding companies , allowed them to be treated as Tier 1 capital in 1996 .
Already regulators are unhappy with having banks resort to claims of solvency based on TruPS ' participation as part of their capitalization :
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which oversees bank subsidiaries of holding companies , was n’t happy with the rule change and never implemented it , according to three officials with knowledge of the discussions .
As a result , it was Riverside ’s parent company , Riverside Banking Co. , which issued the trust preferreds .
The FDIC has also objected to TruPS as being too weak for capital purposes , according to George French , the agency ’s deputy director for policy in the division of supervision and consumer protection .
The agency ’s chairman , Sheila Bair , expressed support for the Collins amendment in a letter she sent the senator on May 7 , the day it was introduced .
The agency ’s view was confirmed during the financial crisis , French said .
Banks could n’t use their TruPS as capital because deferring the dividends would have been seen as weakness , which could have led to bank runs .
When payments were deferred , they caused losses for the TruPS held by other banks .
“ It contributes to a downward spiral , ” French said .
In other words , TruPS are merely another cog in the Ponzi scheme of the current Wall Street structure .
To wit :
Investment bankers may have used relationships developed helping lenders issue TruPS to persuade them to buy related CDOs , said Joshua Rosner , an analyst at Graham Fisher & Co. , an independent New York - based research firm , and co-author of a May 2007 report that said a collapse of mortgage - bond CDOs would roil markets .
“ When they did n’t find enough natural demand among only institutional investors , they could turn around and sell back to the very banks that had issued into the last one , or would be selling into the next one , ” Rosner said .
“ It created a big Ponzi scheme . ”
Should politicians finally do the right thing and take even one small step in the right direction , here are the banks that would be most at risk from a capital shortfall .
Not surprisingly , JPM will be the most vocal opponent of any amendment to strip the bank out of this hollow contributor to bank capitalization .
On the other hand , with Congress just as corrupt as every other aspect of the system , do n't expect anyone to do the right thing here .
After all , all it would take is for Jamie Dimon to come out screaming that the end of the world would occur if he were to be forced to actually mark his assets to some semblance of reality : why deal with a problem today when it can easily be pushed back to tomorrow .
And as Jamie knows too well , CEO tenures are , at the end of the day , limited .
This is merely one other aspect of the firm 's eventual insolvency that his successor will eventually deal with .
But not him , and not now .
JERUSALEM  Israel faced rising international pressure on Tuesday to ease its blockade of Gaza , as the United Nations Security Council called its approach to isolating the coastal strip “ not sustainable ” and pro-Palestinian groups planned fresh attempts to test the closing of sea lanes around the Hamas - controlled territory .
A day after an Israel military raid on an international flotilla trying to breach the blockade left nine foreign activists dead , Egypt , an important partner for Israel in keeping tight control over the flow of goods into the territory , said it would open the land border with Gaza for humanitarian purposes .
Israel ’s relations with Turkey , once relatively close , also came under heavy strain .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey called the raid on the Turkish ship , which killed at least four Turkish citizens , a “ bloody massacre ” and said Israel should immediately end “ the inhumane embargo on Gaza . ”
At the same time , the volatile Israel - Gaza border seemed to be heating up .
Israeli soldiers killed two gunmen from the Islamic Jihad who had infiltrated Israel early Tuesday .
Later in the day , the Israeli air force struck a group of militants in northern Gaza who were preparing to fire rockets at Israel , killing three .
Image caption Model Naomi Campbell recently posed with the trophy in Paris
A British chemistry professor has calculated that if the World Cup trophy were really solid gold it would be too heavy for footballers to lift .
Martyn Poliakoff of Nottingham University estimates that a solid gold trophy of its size - 36 cm ( 14 in ) high - would weigh at least 70kg ( 154lb ) .
He concludes that the trophy , or at least part of it , must be hollow .
Fifa insisted that the metal part of the current trophy , which dates back to 1974 , was " solid gold " .
It told the BBC News website the prize weighed 6.175 kg , including 4.9kg of " solid 18 - carat gold " and two layers of the semi-precious stone malachite .
Nobody wins the coveted trophy outright as Fifa retains possession between tournaments , awarding a gold - plated replica to each World Cup champion .
Dense metal
Making his case on the university 's Periodic Table of Videos website , Professor Poliakoff said a genuinely solid gold cup of this height would be " as much as the weight of quite a large adult " .
I do n't think that it would be light enough for people to wave above their heads Martyn Poliakoff , chemistry professor
" Gold is very heavy , it 's one of the densest metals that there is , " he said .
" According to my calculations , if it was solid all the way through , it would have somewhere between 70 and 80kg of gold in it . "
The professor suggested the term " solid gold " might mean " the metal part is gold all the way through - it is n't that there is a thin layer of gold and the rest is steel , for example " .
" However , I think - and I have no means of knowing - that perhaps the ball at the top , which is the world , is probably hollow ... because I do n't think that it would be light enough for people to wave above their heads , and also it would be a big waste of gold . "
The professor added that he was " not very interested in football " .
" I was a teenager when England won the World Cup in 1966 , " he said .
" I did n't watch the game then and I have n't watched a World Cup match since then , but perhaps I will watch something this year . "
PORTLAND -- Zach Scott seems an unlikely hero when it comes to scoring game - winning goals .
However , for the second time in three years it was his penalty kick that advanced a Seattle team through in the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s familiar … there are still butterflies going up there .
But it is a good feeling , ” said Scott .
It was Scott ’s kick from the mark in 2008 that pushed the Sounders , then playing in the USL , through to the semifinal with a shootout victory over the Kansas City Wizards .
Wednesday night Scott bested Portland Timbers goalkeeper Steve Cronin to lift the Sounders past their longtime rivals and through to the quarterfinals of the Open Cup after playing to a 1 - 1 draw in 90 minutes of regulation and 30 minutes of extra time .
“ That ’s what derby games are and that ’s what the Open Cup is as well , ” Sounders FC head coach Sigi Schmid said .
“ I thought some guys played very well and at the end we showed a ton of character . ”
Meanwhile Seattle goalkeeper Kasey Keller stopped two Portland shots in the shootout to keep the Sounders in position to win the shootout , capping a great six - save night for Keller .
In an up - and - down game , the Sounders FC got on the board first when Nate Jaqua scored his first goal of 2010 .
Rookie midfielder Michael Seamon got the play started with a great ball up the left side to Miguel Montano , who crossed to Sanna Nyassi at the far post .
Nyassi collected the ball and found Jaqua for a header that beat Cronin inside the far post for a 1 - 0 Seattle lead in the 13th minute .
Portland forward Bright Dike - a 2010 MLS SuperDraft first round pick of the Columbus Crew - evened the score in the 38th minute when he turned on a ball in the middle of the box and pushed the ball inside the left post .
“ It was a shame because I thought we defended tremendous all night , ” Keller said .
“ All - in - all , just a great effort from the guys . ”
That effort was made even more impressive as the Sounders FC played the final 19 minutes of extra time down a man after Taylor Graham picked up his second yellow card , resulting in a red card ejection .
But Seattle kept their cool and kept Portland from threatening as the minutes wore on and the game went into a shootout .
Keller dove to his right and swatted away Ryan Pore ’s first attempt on net in the shootout .
Then after Seattle got goals from Nathan Sturgis , Steve Zakuani and Fredy Montero to take a 3 - 2 lead Keller got another save , this time stonewalling Ross Smith .
Patrick Ianni could not ice the win for the Sounders though , blasting his shot off the crossbar .
Portland scored to even the tally at 3 - 3 , leaving Scott at center stage .
Scott lifted his shot past Cronin to give the Sounders the 4 - 3 advantage on penalties and putting them through to face the LA Galaxy in the quarterfinals next Wednesday .
“ Especially in a competition like this where we are the defending champs , this is huge , ” Scott said .
“ We have to take this as far as we can .
It ’s just another stepping stone toward turning our season around . ”
Noting the large contingent of Sounders FC fans who made the drive to Portland for the match , Keller added , “ It ’s a big night for the team and our fans .
This is the enemy and you want to beat the enemy .
I ’m just really happy for the team and our fans that made the trip down here … they can have a nice drive home now . ”
Seattle will host the LA Galaxy at Starfire in Tukwila Wednesday night at 7 pm .
Tickets are available Thursday morning at 10 am through Ticketmaster .
Scoring Summary
Sounders FC - Nate Jaqua ( Sanna Nyassi ) 13
Timbers - Bright Dike ( Ryan Pore ) 38
Penalties
Sounders FC - Nathan Sturgis ( goal ) , Steve Zakuani ( goal ) , Fredy Montero ( goal ) , Patrick Ianni ( no goal ) , Zach Scott ( goal ) .
Timbers - Ryan Pore ( save ) , Doug DeMartin ( goal ) , Mamadou Danso ( goal ) , Ross Smith ( saved ) , Rodrigo Lopez ( goal ) .
Lineups
Sounders FC - Kasey Keller , Tyson Wahl , Taylor Graham , Zach Scott , James Riley , Miguel Montano ( Steve Zakuani 69 ) , Nathan Sturgis , Michael Seamon ( Patrick Ianni 102 ) , Sanna Nyassi , Nate Jaqua ( Fredy Montero 62 ) , Roger Levesque .
Timbers - Steve Cronin , Ian Joy , Scot Thompson , Ross Smith , Mamadou Danso , Tony McManus , James Marcelin ( Mandjou Keita 109 ) , Alex Nimo ( Rodrigo Lopez 69 ) , Takayuki Suzuki ( Doug DeMartin 85 ) , Ryan Pore , Bright Dike .
A comic is on the internet despite Tony falling up some stairs while Wes continued to splinter the links on a heavy chain .
HAVERFORD , PA— A group attending an event cheered in unison Thursday after a man with a microphone called out the group 's name .
" Wooooo ! " group members yelled in an act that made them feel closer to one another than they had before hearing their name said aloud .
" That 's us ! "
The group ceased its excited cheering moments later when another group 's name was called .
Advertisement
We 're been hearing word of Google TV since March , the excitement finally coming to a head at Google I/O last month when the ambitious project was revealed .
Now , Google has a released a handy video that illustrates just how it works .
The platform — which integrates TV and web content to create one , smooth experience — is said to be a possible foil to the Boxee Box .
Boxee 's release date has been pushed back to November 2010 ( Google TV will also be available in the fall ) .
Looking at the video above , we have to admit that the experience looks pretty intriguing ( even though whoever made the vid has rather poor taste in television shows ) .
We 've been privy to a lot of facts regarding Google TV , including its compatibility with Adobe Flash , its ability to search TV and the web simultaneously and to run Android apps , and its various form factors ( external set - top box or integrated Sony TV ) .
This video does a good job of simplifying the info .
What do you think ?
Do you plan on getting Google TV ?
MIT is one of nine partners in a new Nuclear Energy Innovation Hub announced by U.S. Deputy Secretary of Energy Daniel Poneman on May 28 .
The Hub , also known as the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors ( CASL ) , will be led by Oak Ridge National Laboratory , and in addition to MIT includes partners from universities , industry and other national labs .
It will use advanced capabilities of the world 's most powerful computers to make significant leaps forward in nuclear reactor design and engineering .
A major focus of the MIT researchers will be to model the behavior of key materials such as fuel and fuel cladding together with energy generation and transport processes so as to provide better estimates of how these materials will perform within the extreme environment of a nuclear reactor .
The Nuclear Energy Innovation Hub will receive up to $ 122 million over five years and is the first of three Hubs expected to be announced by the Department of Energy this year .
The MIT team is led by three Nuclear Science and Engineering professors : the Principal Investigator ( PI ) Mujid Kazimi , director of the Center for Advanced Nuclear Energy Studies ; and the co-PIs , professors Sidney Yip and Jacopo Buongiorno .
The Oak Ridge - based Innovation Hub will be guided by a Board of Directors headed by Professor Ernest Moniz of the MIT Energy Initiative on which Kazimi will also serve .
The MIT team brings together faculty and research staff from nuclear science and engineering ( professors Benoit Forget and Bilge Yildiz and Dr. Aydin Karahan , as well as Kazimi , Yip , and Buongiorno ) , materials science and engineering ( professors Michael Demkowicz and Jeff Grossman ) , and civil and environmental engineering ( Prof. John Williams ) .
taz - Übersetzungshilfe für´s Sparpaket : Tricksen , täuschen , schönrechnen
Die Spekulationen haben begonnen , was dachte sich Schwarz - Gelb eigentlich ?
Die insgeheimen Botschaften hinter dem Sparpaket der schwarz - gelben Regierungskoalition .
Am Tag nach der Sparklausur begann in Berlin das große Zerreden .
Die Fraktionen von CDU , CSU und FDP erklärten am Dienstag , dass die Regierungsbeschlüsse für sie noch nicht das letzte Wort sind .
Die Opposition protestierte sowieso .
Aber was dachte sich die schwarz - gelbe Koalition bei ihren Aussagen ?
Die taz liefert eine Übersetzungshilfe .
Wir haben das größte Sparpaket in der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik beschlossen .
So viel mehr als bei Rot - Grün oder der großen Koalition ist es nun auch wieder nicht .
Selbst mit einigen Rechentricks schaffen wir bis 2014 nur 26,6 Milliarden Euro .
Das ist weniger als die 32,4 Milliarden Euro , die uns die Schuldenbremse vorgibt .
Und viel weniger als die 40 Milliarden Euro , von denen unser Finanzminister für die nächsten vier Jahre mal gesprochen hat .
Macht aber nichts .
Wir rechnen das Geld , das wir dieses Jahr gespart haben , im nächsten Jahr einfach noch mal mit .
Im übernächsten wieder und im überübernächsten auch .
Das ist zwar ein ganz fieser Rechentrick , aber dann kommen wir am Ende auf 80 Milliarden Euro .
Das hört sich doch viel besser an .
Der Staat kann nur da sparen , wo er auch viel ausgibt .
Also im Sozialen .
Warum Arbeitslose das Elterngeld bekommen , das Berufstätigen die Entscheidung fürs Kind erleichtern soll , hat sowieso keiner verstanden .
Und den befristeten Zuschlag , den Hartz - IV - Empfänger nach dem Ende des Arbeitslosengeldes I bekommen , wollten wir damals auch nicht .
Gönnen wir Guido Westerwelle also den kleinen Erfolg im Kampf gegen seine spätrömische Dekadenz .
Hauptsache , bei den Rentnern müssen wir nicht kürzen .
Das war schließlich schon immer die wichtigste Wählergruppe der Union , und sie wird in Zukunft immer wichtiger .
Und die Renten für Langzeitarbeitslose laden wir lieber gleich bei den Kommunen ab .
Die müssen nämlich die Grundsicherung übernehmen , wenn wir keine Rentenbeiträge für Hartz - IV - Empfänger mehr zahlen .
Wir haben die Bildung verschont und beim Elterngeld nur ganz wenig gekürzt .
Jede Kürzung bei der Bildung hätte so ausgesehen , als würden wir Roland Koch nach seinem Rücktritt auch noch Recht geben .
Und was das Elterngeld betrifft : Leider mussten wir Ursula von der Leyen vorige Woche bei der Präsidentschaftskür ins Messer laufen lassen , da können wir nicht auch noch ihre Politik aus der letzten Wahlperiode dementieren .
Schade eigentlich .
Denn für die Geburtenrate hat diese Subvention nichts gebracht .
Wir verzichten auf den Bau des Berliner Stadtschlosses .
Ein bisschen Symbolpolitik muss doch erlaubt sein .
Schließlich hat schon der Berliner Bürgermeister sein Sparprogramm durchbekommen , indem er so tat , als wolle er bei den Opern kürzen .
Wer bei Schlössern und bei Opernhäusern streicht , der hat ein Herz für kleine Leute .
Finanziell fällt das zwar überhaupt nicht ins Gewicht , aber den Unterschied zwischen einer einmaligen Baumaßnahme und einem strukturellen Defizit versteht sowieso keiner .
Wir erhöhen den Steuerzuschuss für die Krankenkassen .
Das hätte noch gefehlt , dass uns der Rösler jetzt auch noch abhandenkommt .
Eine Woche ohne Rücktritt ist ja auch schon ein hübscher Erfolg .
Dass auf einmal alle Welt Joachim Gauck als Präsidenten haben will , hat uns zwar ziemlich überrumpelt , aber der Hype hat auch sein Gutes :
Es hat kaum jemand mitbekommen , dass wir mit unserer Gesundheitsreform gescheitert sind .
Da werden sich CSU und FDP so schnell nicht einigen .
Wir sparen 2 Milliarden Euro bei der Bundeswehr .
Beim Militär zu sparen ist fast so gut , wie die Spitzensteuer zu erhöhen : Es gibt dem Sparpaket einen ausgewogenen Anstrich .
Außerdem wollten wir die Bundeswehr sowieso längst in eine Interventionsarmee umbauen .
Mal sehen , wie weit der Karl - Theodor damit kommt .
Wenn er sich dabei eine blutige Nase holt und seine Beliebtheitswerte ein bisschen sinken , dann schadet es ja auch nichts .
Wir beteiligen die Wirtschaft und schützen die Umwelt .
Die Ausnahmen bei den Energiesteuern abzuschaffen und den Luftverkehr zu besteuern , das hat nicht mal Rot - Grün gewagt .
Sehr schön , es erhöht den Aha -Effekt .
Außerdem muss Westerwelle lernen , dass er nicht zu allen Mehreinnahmen Nein sagen kann , wenn er schon seine Besserverdienenden schonen will .
Und die Verlängerung der Atomlaufzeiten erleichtert es auch , wenn wir vorher noch mal zeigen , dass wir es mit dem grünen Gewissen wirklich ernst meinen .
Wir schauen mal , ob wir in den Haushaltsberatungen noch die eine oder andere Milliarde drauflegen können .
Blöd , dass der Köhler vorige Woche zurückgetreten ist .
Jetzt gibts am 30 .
Juni schon wieder eine Wahl , und wir brauchen leider die Stimmen von der FDP .
Deshalb konnten wir am Wochenende noch keine Steuererhöhungen beschließen .
Macht aber nichts .
Aus diesem Grund haben wir als Union unsere Fraktionsleute ja nicht zur Sparklausur geschickt .
Dann können wir bei den Haushaltsberatungen im Herbst immer noch den Spitzensteuersatz erhöhen oder die Ausnahmen bei der Mehrwertsteuer streichen .
Vielleicht sogar bei den Hotels , wenn die CSU mitmacht .
KANSAS CITY , Missouri ( Reuters ) - A Supreme Court ruling in a case pitting environmentalists against biotech seed giant Monsanto
Co could speed up a resumption of sales of genetically altered alfalfa , though any commercialization still depends on action by U.S. regulators .
The Supreme Court said in a 7 - to - 1 vote on Monday that a district court judge in San Francisco had abused his discretion in barring the U.S. Agriculture Department from effecting a partial deregulation and in prohibiting the planting of the biotech alfalfa seeds , pending the completion of an environmental review .
The ruling , however , does not alter the lower court decision that vacated the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s approval of genetically altered alfalfa until completion of a full environmental review .
That review is pending .
The Supreme Court said USDA could allow a partial deregulation in the meantime .
USDA indicated at the Supreme Court argument in April that full deregulation is about a year away .
“ USDA is moving forward with the completion of the environmental impact statement on the deregulation of Roundup Ready Alfalfa and nothing in the Supreme Court ’s decision affects that ongoing process , ” USDA spokesman Caleb Weaver said .
But Monsanto attorney Dave Snively said Monday the company would work to “ accelerate ” USDA action to allow for expanded alfalfa plantings even before the full environmental review is completed .
He said the company viewed the ruling as “ far reaching ” and helping define the reach of the U.S. regulatory framework for biotech crops , making it more difficult for opponents to obtain injunctions against certain crop .
Monsanto is also currently fighting a lawsuit challenging the regulatory approval of its biotech sugar beets , and Snively said this ruling could impact that case .
Andrew Kimbrell , a lawyer for the Center for Food Safety , one of the plaintiffs in the case , said biotech alfalfa opponents were heartened that the ban on sales and planting of the crop remained in place , at least until USDA ’s environmental review is completed .
“ The bottom line is the bottom line .
The ban on the sale and planting of alfalfa remains in place , ” Kimbrell said .
FOUR -YEAR LEGAL BATTLE
Environmental groups and conventional seed companies , led by Geertson Seed Farms , sued the USDA in 2006 to force it to rescind its approval of the Monsanto alfalfa seed until USDA conducted a full environmental study .
The groups claimed that the biotech alfalfa could be destructive to both the economy and the environment .
U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer of the Northern District of California vacated the USDA ’s 2005 approval of biotech alfalfa , saying USDA ’s approval was illegal and did not follow a full environmental review .
Breyer issued an injunction against the planting of biotech alfalfa , marking the first time a federal court had overturned a USDA approval of a biotech seed .
His decision was upheld by a U.S. appeals court .
Prior to the injunction , Roundup Ready alfalfa was planted by approximately 5,500 growers across more than 220,000 acres , according to Monsanto .
St. Louis - based Monsanto intervened on the government ’s side in the case and appealed to the Supreme Court .
Specifically , the Supreme Court ruling on Monday said that Breyer had erred in entering the nationwide injunction against planting the seeds and also that the lower court had overstepped its bounds in prohibiting the USDA ’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) from pursuing a limited deregulation as it completes its environmental review .
“ We do not know whether and to what extent APHIS would seek to effect a limited deregulation during the pendency of the EIS ( environmental impact statement ) process if it were free to do so ; we do know that the vacatur of APHIS ’s deregulation decision means that virtually no RRA ( Roundup Ready Alfalfa ) can be grown or sold until such time as a new deregulation decision is in place , ” the ruling stated .
Alfalfa is the fourth - largest U.S. field crop grown on about 23 million acres in the United States annually , Monsanto says .
The Supreme Court case is Monsanto v. Geertson Seed Farms , No. 09-475 .
Human brains are about three times as large as those of our early australopithecines ancestors that lived 4 million to 2 million years ago , and for years , scientists have wondered how our brains got so big .
A new study suggests social competition could be behind the increase in brain size .
Anyone who 's learned to ride a bike or touch type might have wondered how a task that is so arduous at first could be so seamlessly easy later .
A new study reveals more about exactly what goes on in the brain as we form these habits , transitioning from intense concentration to autopilot .
The results , found in rats but thought to be analogous to humans , show that habitual learning , as it's called , involves two brain circuits — one used for movement and the other for higher , cognitive thinking .
As a task is learned , these circuits trade off in terms of their engagement .
The movement circuit , which involves a part of the brain called the dorsolateral striatum , becomes more active , while the cognitive circuit , which involves a region called the dorsomedial striatum , takes a dip .
" If you imagine these two systems are competing , then at the end stages of training , activity in the dorsomedial striatum is fairly weak whereas activity in the dorsolateral striatum is fairly strong , " said study researcher Catherine Thorn , at MIT 's McGovern Institute for Brain Research .
" And what we think that means is that the habit is taking over as training progresses , " she told LiveScience .
Competing brain circuits
While scientists had previously hypothesized these brain circuits were involved in habitual learning , the current work is the first to record the activity of the brain cells , or neurons , as the habits were formed .
It is also the first to show that these two loops are active simultaneously .
The fact that these two circuits work together could potentially mean that one circuit might be able to compensate for the other .
This would be useful in instances where one circuit is damaged , such as in Parkinson 's disease , where the dorsolateral striatum is affected .
" If we can learn how to tilt the competition in one direction or the other , we might help bring new focus to existing therapies , and possibly aid in the development of new therapies , " said lead researcher Ann Graybiel , also of MIT .
However , the researchers emphasize these sorts of applications are a long way off .
And while rat brains are good models for studying this type of learning , studies on humans are needed before scientists can know if the results apply to us .
Rat habits
The researchers recorded the activity of thousands of neurons in the rats ' brains as they learned how to find a food reward in a maze .
When they reached a specific T - junction , the rats were signaled to turn either right or left by either a sound or touch cue .
Over many trials , the rats learned to associate the signal with turning in the correct direction for their reward .
Eventually , this became routine .
The two brain circuits showed very different patterns of activity as the rats were learning .
The dorsolateral striatal neurons ( linked to motion control ) were most active at specific points of action within the maze , such as a start , stop , or turn .
And their activity steadily increased as the rats ' performance improved , and then remained fairly stable .
On the other hand , the dorsomedial neurons ( involved in higher thinking ) were most active when the rats had to make the " right or left " decision .
The neuron activity in this region also declined once the rats got a handle on their task .
Essentially , the thinking part of the brain was n’t so necessary as the task became routine .
" The two systems are generally simultaneously engaged , and possibly competitive , but with extended training and repetition , as the habit takes over , the dorsolateral striatum becomes more strongly activated over the dorsomedial striatum , " Thorn said .
Another hypothetical implication of the findings is that a better understanding of how these circuits interact might lead to ways to help people avoid or unlearn bad habits .
" It 's possible that if we could get a handle on the interaction between the two loops , we would be able to possibly suppress bad habits or encourage good ones , " Thorn said .
The results will be published June 10 in the journal Neuron .
The on - going fight against file - sharing link sites in Spain is turning into a farce .
Despite many rulings which state that the sites break no laws , still anti-piracy groups waste their money pursuing them .
As yet another site is cleared of wrong doing , a lawyer who speaks out for civil rights on the Internet is clear on the piracy issue - either join the revolution , or perish .
Another month and yet another defeat in a Spanish court for anti-piracy groups chasing a lost cause against file - sharing sites .
Following hot on the heels of a decision in May by the Madrid Provincial Criminal Court in favor of sports streaming links site Rojadirecta , a court has thrown out an appeal against another file - sharing site .
Lauren Films first issued a complaint against links site Cinegratis. net in 2007 but the case has taken 3 years to reach a utterly disappointing but completely predictable outcome for the company .
Following the provisional dismissal of the case by a court in early February , Lauren Films made a petition for amendment .
In April , Magistrate ’s Court No 1 of Santander dismissed the petition .
The dismissal was based on facts gathered in previous similar cases , i.e “ that the simple provision of external links to access content protected by copyright does not constitute a breach of the provisions of Article 270 of the Penal Code . ”
Undeterred , the movie company appealed against the decision , claiming that this case was different to other cases where file - sharing sites had been deemed within the law .
Although the Cantabria Provincial Court agreed that the name of the site ( translated ‘ Movies for free ’ ) was an accurate indication of potential infringement by users , the outcome was n’t favorable for the studio .
“ [..] there is [ no ] doubt that the very name of the website is a major attraction for network users and explicitly suggests that its contents will provide access to viewing films for free , [ but it ] must be taken into account the effects of the present action and the purely circumstantial evidence that such free access is done in contravention of the provisions of intellectual property laws , ” wrote the Court .
What is important , the court continued , is whether the provision of links to copyright works constitutes a breach of Article 270 of the Penal Code .
As in at least eight previous cases of this type , the Court ruled that it does not .
The appeal filed against the earlier decision was rejected and the Court confirmed that Cinegratis can carry on , business as usual .
Carlos Sánchez Almeida , lawyer and former member of Fronteras Electrónicas España ( FrEE ) , a group previously affiliated with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , is not surprised .
“ The lords and masters in the Spanish videographic industry have heard me say , ad nauseam , that the path of repression is not going anywhere .
Already in 2003 , shortly after the first legal action against a links page , I said that this way you only create heroes and martyrs of technological progress , ” he writes .
“ When a revolution is underway , there is only one way to go : join it or perish . ”
NEW DELHI — Pakistan 's central bank governor stepped down Wednesday after submitting his resignation in early May , the government said late Wednesday , halfway through his three - year term and two days ahead of the federal budget announcement .
Mr. Raza 's decision hinged on the fact that the government declined to offer him an extension in his post , a senior government official said Thursday .
Under the State Bank of Pakistan
Act , no person over 65 years can hold the central bank 's top job .
The 64 - year old former Citigroup banker ...
Intel 's latest Research Day has sprung up a new vision for " smart " vehicles ; a vision that frankly chills us to our very geeky core .
Cameras and sensors attached to an Intel Connected Car will record data about your speed , steering and braking , and upon the event of an accident , forward those bits and bytes along to the police and your insurance company .
Just makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside , does n't it ?
Do n't get us wrong , the tech foundation here is good -- having cars permanently hooked up to the ether can generally be considered a good thing -- but what 's being envisioned is as obtrusive as it is irritating .
Oh , did n't we mention that the cars can become self - aware and overrule you if you try to bend the rules of the road ?
Because they can .
If the World Cup television pundits tell you to forget everything you know about Brazil , then forget everything they tell you .
This is a wonderful side that plays superb football .
There ’s a sense that people have got Brazilian football wrong , that every four years they become convinced the Brazil national team has won five World Cups by playing Globetrotter - esque football with no regard for defence .
Did Joga Bonito ever exist ?
Fans of the 1970 World Cup - winning Brazil side would say yes , but football has advanced an incredible amount in the past forty years , and it ’s simply not possible to successfully play that way .
The failure four years ago summed that up .
Brazil attempted to fit Kaka , Ronaldinho , Ronaldo and Adriano into the same XI , and they were dumped out at the quarter - final stage .
The main question was what was worse – Brazil ’s tactics , or their circus - like training sessions that served as preparation .
Dunga needed to change Brazil drastically both on and off the pitch .
ZM effectively previewed this Brazil side in the wake of their friendly against Ireland back in Feburary , with an in - depth look at how they shape up on the pitch .
This article will be an adapted version of that – little has changed in the past three months , and the initial piece has sufficient detail to provide a comprehensive guide to Dunga ’s side .
For those looking for wider reading about Brazil , two pieces are recommended – firstly , Grant Wahl ’s piece for Sports Illustrated , which looks at why the current side is n’t popular back home , whilst Roberticus ’ article concentrates upon the reaction to Dunga ’s squad announcement .
There has only been one change in personnel from the Brazil side we expected three months ago – Ramires appears to have been replaced on the right of midfield by Elano .
Also , in the Ireland game , Adriano ( not in the World Cup squad ) was played in place of the injured Luis Fabiano – but the rest of the players remain the same , and fill very specific roles .
The side
One of the odd things about the fact the Brazilian team being regarded as rigid and inflexible is the fact that no - one quite knows how to categorise this side .
As Jonathan Wilson pointed out last year , South Americans tend to see the system as a 4 - 4 - 2 diamond ( or 4 - 3 - 1 - 2 ) , in Europe the shape was widely described as a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 .
Some believe that the system is a diamond midfield , as shown in this picture .
The back four marked by red , the midfield diamond by blue ( Kaka is slightly to the left - of - centre , his usual position denoted by the blue dot ) , and the forwards marked by pink .
It would be difficult to look at that shape and deny that it was a 4 - 4 - 2 diamond – perhaps a 4 - 3 - 3 if you were considering Kaka in this picture to be playing as a forward .
You would certainly not describe it as a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 , because Ramires ( the midfielder furthest to the right ) is clearly alongside Melo , the midfielder on the halfway line .
And yet , just minutes later in the same game , Brazil had taken this shape , which looks much more like a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 .
The defenders again in red , the two holding players in blue , the three attacking players in pink , and the lone forward in green .
The key to understanding the team ’s shift is probably the roles of Robinho and Ramires / Elano .
Robinho , the left - sided forward , takes up a position outside the opposition ’s right - back .
In this sense , he is effectively playing as an old - fashioned outside - left , whilst the central striker Luis Fabiano occupies the opposition ’s left - sided centre - back .
Therefore , they play too far apart to realistically be labelled a front two , and they rarely combine directly .
The role of Ramires / Elano is also interesting .
Their job is to shuttle from a central midfield position when defending , to a right - wing position when in possession .
This requires a tremendous amount of energy , and it is rare to see the starting player remain on the pitch for 90 minutes , especially as it is a position where Dunga has two good options .
The use of two holding midfielders , Melo and Gilberto , means that Brazil are able to keep the ball easily , because one of them is always free .
This is important , because Brazil ’s game is based around possession when they are ahead .
Their second goal against Ireland was a wonderful move that featured 21 passes before Robinho put the ball into the net .
They like to soak up pressure and do generally play on the counter - attack , and they break at lightning speed – a particular problem for the opposition central midfielders is that they look to close down Gilberto and Melo , which then leaves Ramires / Elano and Kaka free .
And with Robinho staying wide left and Maicon bombing down the right , Brazil can dominate the centre of midfield with a diamond , without leaving them short on the flanks .
There is a further subtlety to the Brazilian shape though , because when in possesson they sometimes feature a back three , with Michel Bastos ( who is really a left - winger at club level ) and Maicon acting as wing - backs , as shown below .
Here , Gilberto Silva ( normally the right - sided holding player ) , moves to the right of defence , and becomes a third centre - back alongside Juan and Lucio ( the three are marked in red ) , with the latter becoming a sweeper , with license to move forward .
This three - man system with wing - backs is similar to the way Brazil played in 2002 .
Felipe Melo then becomes the sole holding player , with Bastos and Maicon ( marked in pink ) able to get forward and provide width high up the pitch .
It then effectively becomes an Ajax - style 3 - 3 - 1 - 3 system , with Robinho and Ramires tucking in , narrowing the opposition , and allowing the Brazil wing - backs considerable space to get forward .
And one final picture :
Robinho ( purple ) occupies the right - back , whilst Adriano ( red ) plays on the shoulder of the left - sided centre back .
The player inbetween them is the free man .
As Ramires ( yellow ) is in a central position , the right - back Maicon ( pink ) takes up an extremely advanced and wide role , and to compensate , Gilberto ( blue ) drops into a position ready to cover the right - back slot , similar to how Javier Zanetti covers for Maicon at Inter .
Do n’t be surprised if Brazil quietly fight their way to World Cup victory .
They ’ll keep the ball , tire the opposition but not look particularly dangerous .
Then they ’ll break at speed , rely on the skill of Kaka and Robinho , and win games comfortably without thrashing the opposition , by dominating possession .
It ’s not the most exciting Brazilian team in history , but if you love football , then you ’ll love Brazil .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Just because nobody complains does n’t mean all parachutes are perfect .
The same goes for web design ; usability testing is often overlooked by clients and designers alike , but the value that can be gained from it is immense .
People can find content , conversions increase , there is far greater customer satisfaction , and the whole site just looks that much more professional .
So , where to begin ?
As design professionals , it ’s easy to sit in our ivory tower and think everyone is as interested in design and technology as we are .
The simple truth is that most people do n’t really put too much thought into what makes up a website ; they just want good content and a site that works .
Designers are often guilty of designing for themselves rather than a broader market who is not as in love with technology as we are .
Remember the “ what is a browser ? ” video from Google ?
We do not see things as they are ; we see things as we are .
– The Talmud
What is usability testing ?
Usability testing in its most simple form is just running a design past one or more people to see if it works , if it is understandable , easy to interact with and navigate , and easy to find information on .
Easy , huh ?
There are a large number of methods for performing usability testing , from the hallway test ( where you grab someone walking past you in the hallway or office ) , to eye - tracking systems ( which monitor what part of a screen people ’s eyes are focusing on ) , heat map tracking ( which shows where people have clicked on a screenshot or design ) , and even algorithms to automatically calculate the usability level of your site ( because robots surely know best ) .
Of course , everyone has his and her own favorites ; as with everything in life , different things work for different people and different tasks .
In this article , I ’m going to discuss heat map tracking .
As well as providing you with a heat map of where someone has clicked on the screen , several heat mapping services also provide statistics on how long it takes someone to fulfill the tasks ( i.e. clicking on the screen , finding certain content ) that you ’ve set for them .
This can help you see if your site is presented in a logical manner , easy to navigate , and if said navigation is an enjoyable experience .
Really useful information .
To quote Jacob Neilsen , “ A bad website is like a grumpy salesperson ” – keep this in mind when designing , and realize that a poor website can have just as much of an impact on people as poor service rendered in any other way .
What does usability testing do for you ?
The earlier you test your site designs , the sooner you can find any problems and fix them .
The sooner you can fix them , the happier the users will be ; the sooner the project can go live , the more success you ’ll have in the long run working on the site ( and the more clients and readers you ’ll have in the future , too ) .
It ’s win - win - win .
Once you ’ve made a design , it gets harder to change , so it ’s best to test early and test often .
As each test only takes a few minutes to set up and run , it ’s something you can easily build into your timeline to complete projects on time .
Remember the old saying from Frank Lloyd Wright , “ You can use an eraser on the drafting table or a sledgehammer on the construction site ” ; this is equally true with design .
Personally , I prefer the eraser .
Save time
You can save both time and money in the design process by performing usability testing .
The thing is , it ’s all fine and dandy knowing you can create a strong design ; seeing as design is a very subjective field , though , someone else may very well dislike the style or just feel responsible for putting in their own two cents in regards to the site design .
If this person is a core stakeholder in the design process , this can throw you a long way back in terms of the design , potentially even calling for a full redesign .
By performing usability tests early on in the process , you can involve the key stakeholders so they can see the process you are involved in , and you can present them with quantifiable data about the overall performance ( in terms of usability ) of the site .
If they are kept in the loop , they can better understand the design and the design process , and are much less likely to challenge your design or demand changes in the site .
Again , win-win .
Education and involvement really are the key here .
Avoid design by committee
Another benefit of having the raw numbers from testing at your disposal is avoiding design by committee .
We ’ve all had those meetings when the big group gets together , and every man and his dog ’s uncle ’s cousins is giving feedback on the design , what needs to be changed , which fonts to use ( comic sans please ! ) , and so on .
If they have been involved early in the design process and can see the numbers showing which designs have worked as well as which have n’t , they will have a far better understanding of the design process and thus are far less likely to impose designs changes on you ; this way , they can clearly understand why things currently are the way they are .
If you just present them with something and tell them it ’s the best , they will ask you to quantify it , to justify your choice .
This ( at least in their eyes ) will remove the subjectivity from the decision that raw numbers can provide .
What stage of the process to use usability testing
When you are going through your initial designs , it can be very tricky to make decisions about the designs that stand out from the rest , or which elements of the designs work and which do n’t .
Having run through a quick usability test , you ’ll be able to discover these elements quickly and easily , and create a design that really works ( as well as having a great design aesthetic ) .
When you are preparing to redesign a site , it ’s all very well to say the design does n’t flow , it ’s ugly , etc .
But it can be much harder to put your finger on what is wrong , what needs changing , and what should stay how it is now ( consistency being another important factor in design after all ) .
After a quick test on the old design , you have much more information on what to change and what to keep the same , at least in terms of buttons and navigation .
Furthermore , once you have begun working on the redesign , you can do more testing to get side - by - side information to show which parts of the new design are working , and what further tweaking is required .
It ’s a really simple process that saves you time , money , and energy .
Even at the very beginning of the process when you are running through wireframes , you can run usability tests to see if your ideas are logical and easy to understand .
The beauty of this is at this stage , it ’s so easy to make changes to the site , and you can test lots of different ideas in a relatively short period of time .
How we use usability testing
When we are doing design work , we love to test designs early ( even in the wireframing stage ) to ensure a strong design and to show clients the strength of our designs .
This also helps to get clients involved early on in the process and helps develop their enthusiasm for the process – a core component in selling usability testing to clients .
It also helps to show another of our unique traits that sets us apart from the competition and gives us a unique selling point for our services – it really shows the whole operation is very professional .
People have not changed fundamentally in thousands of years .
Technology changes constantly .
It ’s the one that must adapt to us .
– Michael L. Dertouzos
In summary
The design industry is a pretty crowded place .
While you can stand out on your fantastic design alone , the more you can add to your services ( within reason ) , and the more usable you can make your designs , the better you will do in the long run .
Think of design as a puzzle – usability testing may just be once piece of it , but you ca n’t complete the design without every last part .
While the attention of the NHL and its fans is set on the 2010 Entry Draft , scheduled for June 25 - 26 , the first steps in the race for the 2011 draft is already being planned .
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
Single - cell life - forms thrive throughout the world 's oceans — and have for hundreds of millions of years .
Tiny varieties known as calcareous nanoplankton build exuberant , microscopic shells — resembling wagon wheels , fishlike scales , even overlapping oval shields decorated with craggy explosions at their centers — known as " coccoliths " .
The ability to form these shells rests on the amount of calcium carbonate ( CaCO3 ) dissolved in the seawater — and that amount depends on the concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
CO2 is the ubiquitous greenhouse gas emitted by human activity , particularly fossil - fuel and forest burning .
As levels rise in the atmosphere ( currently at 390 parts per million and counting ) , the ocean 's surface waters absorb more of the molecule .
This water –CO2 mixture forms carbonic acid , which slightly lowers the ocean 's overall pH ( the lower the pH , the more acidic ) .
More acidic ocean water means less calcium carbonate — and less material for shell - building plants and animals of all sizes , including the nannoplankton that constitute the base of the food chain .
Of course the present era is hardly the first time the planet has seen higher levels of CO2 .
In fact , roughly 121 million years ago — during an age known as the early Aptian — global CO2 levels were likely higher than 800 ppm ( and possibly as high as 2,000 ppm ) thanks to cataclysmic volcanic eruptions .
Now new research published in Science July 23 shows how ancestors of today 's nannoplankton fared in those acidic oceans of long ago .
It was a time of " severe global warming , " paleobiologist Elisabetta Erba of the University of Milan and her colleagues wrote , after studying the carbon isotopes embedded in deep seabed cores drilled in the Pacific Ocean and locations in the ancient Tethys Ocean , which existed during the Mesozoic era .
The records reveal that acidification proved a big problem for nannoplankton .
" During the Aptian episode , marine calcifiers experienced a major crisis due to increasing CO2 - induced acidification , " Erba says .
But that crisis was not a major extinction event .
The nannoplankton responded by doing less shell - forming — the heaviest shell - formers , known as nannoconids , largely disappeared from the fossil record ( although they did not go extinct , the same species reappear after acidification dwindles ) — and by diversifying into new , smaller species .
In some cases species even increased in abundance but shrank in size — by as much as 60 percent .
" Malformation is also ascertained for some [ widespread ] species , " Erba notes .
It took at least 25,000 years for the new acidity levels reached in the surface waters to transfer to deeper waters , according to the research — and the ocean took 75,000 years to reach its peak acidity for that episode , as well as at least 160,000 years to recover .
The length of this episode derives " most probably because several CO2 pulses [ volcanic eruptions ] contributed to ocean acidification , " Erba says .
Further , she plans to examine other high CO2 events in the geologic record to see " if the same causes — excess CO2 , global warming , ocean acidification — trigger similar effects on marine calcifiers at different times . "
But the 25,000 - year time lag between acidification of the surface waters and deeper waters is mysterious , points out geoscientist Timothy Bralower of The Pennsylvania State University , who was not involved in this study .
" In the modern ocean , a similar input of carbon would involve a lag on the order of centuries , " he notes .
" So something is very different . "
And the nannoconids begin to disappear even before the fossil record indicates lighter volcanic carbon isotopes — in other words , presumably before the actual acidification .
Nevertheless , he says , " it provides the state of the art in terms of our understanding of the effects of the introduction of massive amounts of CO2 on surface ocean ecosystems . "
That 's probably bad news for modern nannoplankton — and other shell - building microscopic life , such as foraminifera .
Foraminifera responded similarly to the Aptian event , Erba says , although " data are still sparse . "
Modern day experiments agree with the fossil record : High CO2 levels in lab tests prompt " selective coccolith malformation , dwarfism and decrease in calcification , " Erba notes , whereas these results have been conflicting at times , Bralower adds .
Regardless , the shells of at least one modern foraminifera in the Southern Ocean are already smaller than those of their ancestors from a mere century ago .
And the modern buildup of atmospheric CO2 is happening far faster than these ancient episodes .
" The current rate of ocean acidification is about a hundred times faster than the most rapid events " in the geologic past , notes marine geologist William Howard of the Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Cooperative Research Center in Hobart , Tasmania .
Plus , the direct impacts of global warming may complicate the picture — just as modern coral suffer from increased bleaching thanks to warmer ocean temperatures as well as the reduced carbonate exoskeleton–building capacity brought on by ocean acidification .
Bralower adds : " The big question is whether modern species will be able to adapt to what I expect will be much more rapid pH reduction in coming centuries . "
This transformation of the tiny shell - forming creatures that are the basis of the food chain or , like corals , provide the very habitats that allow other species to thrive will unsettle the oceans .
And , as this study suggests , recovery from ocean acidification is likely to take millennia — relying as it does on the steady , slow weathering of continental rock to flush more carbonate into the oceans .
" If this and other studies ' conclusions are correct , " Howard notes , " the ocean 's recovery will take hundreds of thousands of years . "
The manager and co-founder of the U.S. Army 's controversial social - science program is no longer in charge .
Retired Colonel Steve Fondacaro – a charismatic , mercurial , mile - a- minute former infantryman and East Harlem native – turned the Human Terrain System from an academic experiment into a military reality , embedding social scientists into combat units .
Then he waged an internal insurgency to expand the effort Army - wide , despite the service 's dedication at the time to a purely bombs - and - bullets approach to warfare .
" We 're like a germ in the body of [ the Army ] , " Fondacaro ( pictured ) once told me .
" All of their systems are sending white blood cells to puke me up . "
But the Army changed its ways .
And Fondacaro 's expansion effort was largely successful .
At last count , there were 21 Human Terrain Teams operating in Iraq and six more in Afghanistan , offering advice to commanders on the local cultural landscape .
There was a sense of perpetual chaos swirling around HTS , however .
The program came under assault from nearly every angle : the quality of the Human Terrain " experts , " the depth of its training , the utility to infantry leaders , the competency of its managers , the exposure of civilian researchers to hostile environments , the ethics of turning social science into military intelligence .
Dozens left the program , disgruntled .
Three social scientists were killed in action .
One Human Terrain employee pleaded guilty to manslaughter .
Another was charged with spying .
A third was taken hostage in Iraq .
Sources within the program say that Fondacaro 's apparent departure may not be final .
The Army 's Training and Doctrine Command would n't say much about the move , first reported by independent journalist John Stanton .
All spokesman Greg Mueller would offer was that " Fondacaro is no longer program manager . "
When I asked him why , Mueller offered no explanation .
" It is U.S. Army Tradoc policy not to discuss internal personnel actions , " he answered .
Photo by Steve Featherstone
**
See Also :
The government is to speed up plans to raise the state pension age for men to 66 , possibly by as early as 2016 .
Ministers will also raise the option of extending it further , perhaps to 70 and beyond in the following decades .
The default retirement age of 65 - at which workers can be legally axed by employers - is also set to be axed .
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith said it was time to " reinvigorate the pensions landscape " .
Under the plans women will move to a state pension age of 66 a few years after men .
' Talent and enthusiasm '
The coalition team running pensions policy - Conservative Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith and Liberal Democrat pensions minister Steve Webb - announced the proposals at a briefing in London .
Mr Duncan Smith said : " Britain used to have a pensions system to be proud of , but due to years of neglect and inaction we are left with fewer people saving into a pension every year and the value of the state pension has been eroded , leaving millions in poverty .
" We must live up to our responsibility to reinvigorate the pension landscape .
" People are living longer and healthier lives than ever , and the last thing we want is to lose their talent and enthusiasm from the workplace due to an arbitrary age limit .
" We also need to recognise that to meet the challenge of providing an affordable , stable pensions system in a society with ever increasing life expectancy , people will need to work longer . "
The previous Labour government 's policy was to raise the pension age to 66 in 2024 and then gradually to 68 by 2046 .
The coalition argues that this should be speeded up , eventually meaning a pension age of 70 or older .
The government also wants to scrap the default retirement age - which allows employers to shed staff at the age of 65 .
Adam Marshall , director of policy at the British Chambers of Commerce , said such a policy would damage " businesses ' ability to manage their workforce " .
' Days of Dickens '
He urged the coalition instead to raise the default retirement age or " offer employers a new dismissal route that helps business manage their workforce , regardless of age " .
For Labour , shadow work and pensions secretary Yvette Cooper accused the government of " moving the goalposts " for people in the fifties , leaving them thousands of pounds worse off .
She added : " This is unfair for a group of people who have n't got time to change their plans . "
Bob Crow , general secretary of the Rail Maritime and Transport union , said : " As well as hitting pay , living standards , public services and jobs , the latest assault from the government is work until you drop .
" If you are a rich banker with a private pension you can sail off on your yacht at 55 , but for working men and women retirement will be pushed further and further over the horizon in a step back to the days of Dickens .
That is not sharing the pain , it is hitting the poorest hardest yet again . "
' Unacceptable '
UK life expectancy is currently 77 years for men and 81 for women .
Paul Kenny , general secretary of the GMB union , said : " The government knows that manual workers in the industrial regions of the UK do not enjoy anything like the same life expectancy as professionals or other classes or employees .
" To force someone who has done a lifetime of toil on building sites , farms or in factories to work until they are 66 is completely unacceptable . "
In Tuesday 's Budget the government announced that , from April 2011 , the state pension would go up by the increase in average earnings , or in line with prices , or by 2.5 % - whichever is highest .
Previously it would go up every April by 2.5 % , or the level of the Retail Prices Index the previous September .
This had been considered as unfair by some , as prices had lagged behind average earnings .
Enlarge By Robyn Beck , AFP / Getty Images Job seekers wait in line to have their resumes reviewed at the Anaheim / Orange County Job Fair in Anaheim , Calif . , on June 2 .
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
FORECASTS FOR REBOUND :
Map shows the latest outlook for all 50 states and 384 metro areas , by job sectors .
LOOKING FOR A JOB ? :
Try our Quick Job Search widget powered by CareerBuilder .
JOB SEARCH HELP : Videos from career counselors provide advice
Here 's another headwind for a sputtering job market : State and local governments plan many more layoffs to close wide budget gaps .
Up to 400,000 workers could lose jobs in the next year as states , counties and cities grapple with lower revenue and less federal funding , says Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody's Economy.com .
The development could slow an already lackluster recovery .
Friday , the Labor Department said employers cut 125,000 jobs , mostly because 225,000 temporary U.S. Census workers completed their stints .
The private sector added 83,000 jobs , fewer then expected , as the jobless rate fell to 9.5 % from 9.7 % .
Layoffs by state and local governments moderated in June , with 10,000 jobs trimmed .
That was down from 85,000 job losses the first five months of the year and about 190,000 since June 2009 .
But the pain is likely to worsen .
States face a cumulative $ 140 billion budget gap in fiscal 2011 , which began July 1 for most , says the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
While general - fund tax revenue is projected to rise 3.7 % as the economy rebounds in the coming year , it still will be 8 % , or $ 53 billion , below fiscal 2008 levels , according to the National Association of State Budget Officers .
Meanwhile , federal aid is shrinking .
Money for states from the economic stimulus is expected to fall by $ 55 billion , says the National Governors Association .
And the Senate last week failed to pass a measure to provide states $ 16 billion for extra Medicaid funding , an initiative that would have extended benefits from last year 's stimulus .
The House approved $ 25 billion in enhanced Medicaid funding .
Philippa Dunne , who surveys state financial officials for a newsletter , the Liscio Report , says most plan to intensify layoffs the coming year after relying largely on furloughs .
" The downturn has gone on so long , all the low - hanging fruit has been taken , " says Scott Pattison , head of the state budget officers group .
Wells Fargo economist Mark Vitner expects state and local governments to cut about 200,000 workers this year if Medicaid benefits are n't extended .
That 's largely why Wells Fargo cut forecasts for third - quarter economic growth to 1.5 % from 1.9 % .
Even if Congress extendsMedicaid subsidies , Zandi expects 325,000 job cuts the next year , though Vitner says losses could be far less .
Among cuts planned and made : • New York City is planning 4,500 layoffs , and more if the Medicaid subsidies are n't approved , says the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
• Washington state would have to chop 6,000 jobs without the Medicaid money .
• The city of Maywood , Calif. , laid off all 68 of its employees July 1 and is contracting out police services , partly because of a $ 450,000 budget deficit .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
If you have fond memories of Shel Silverstein and his famous childrens book “ The Giving Tree ” , you ’ll immediately like this iPad decal , which plays on the cover of that classic book and adds the Apple logo as the fruit falling from the tree .
Awesome !
Related
Image caption Life in Iraq revolves around an endless string of power cuts
Most evenings in Baghdad , after the day 's work is done and the scorching summer temperature falls a little , I will sit down to enjoy a few moments of quiet outside on the terrace at the back of the BBC 's bureau .
Quiet , if I 'm lucky .
At some point , the city 's power grid may kick in .
The huge generator will fall silent and , instead of the din of a thousand diesel engines , the sounds of traffic and birdsong drift gently on the evening air .
It is a blissful feeling .
The constant hum of generators may be oppressive to the ears , but in Iraq it is an indispensable part of life .
For many though , electric power has become an unaffordable luxury .
It sounds like stating the extremely obvious , but during the summer it gets very hot in Iraq .
I mean really , really hot .
Over the past couple of weeks , temperatures in some parts of the country have hit 50C .
Iraq 's crumbling power grid supplies most people with fewer than five hours of electricity per day .
In some rural areas it is less still .
So , life in Iraq revolves around an endless string of power cuts .
Frustration
People have been patient long enough .
Where has all the money gone ?
This must be resolved immediately Sheikh Jassim al - Mouteri .
As the summer temperatures rise , people 's frustration has boiled over into anger .
In the city of Basra two weekends ago , demonstrators took to the streets bearing a mock coffin draped in black , inscribed with the word : " electricity " .
When the crowd started throwing stones at the local government building , security forces fired back , using live rounds .
Two demonstrators were killed .
More protests followed , some of them came close to turning into riots .
Energy Minister Waheed Kareem was forced to resign .
His boss , Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , asked for patience , saying there would be no quick solution to the problem .
The interior minister meanwhile warned darkly that violent protests would be dispersed using " known methods " .
In a country where people have become to an extent inured to violence , this incident , and others , have shaken both the government and the people .
Communal generators
Hussein al - Sharistani is a busy man these days .
In addition to his existing job as oil minister , he has now taken over the electricity portfolio .
The rest of his time is spent in so far fruitless political negotiations to try to form a new government .
" The people are frustrated with the hardships they are suffering due to the power shortages , " he acknowledged , when we met in his office at the ministry .
Go to the Green Zone , and you 'll see they have electricity 24 hours a day .
They should suffer as we do Ahmed Kadem , Iraqi school teacher
That 's an understatement .
On Friday , I had been to Sadr City , the large Shia neighbourhood in northern Baghdad , just as prayers were coming to an end .
I spoke to the imam at the mosque , Sheikh Jassim al - Mouteri .
" People have been patient long enough , " he said .
" Where has all the money gone ?
This must be resolved immediately . "
Just up the road , I came across Ahmed Kadem , a local school teacher .
Pliers in hand , he was attaching a length of electrical cable to a bird 's - nest of wires sprouting from a generator on the street corner .
The power shortages have given rise to a new business : communal generators .
A local entrepreneur will power a few dozen houses or businesses with his generator .
You can either pay the businessman a monthly fee ( typically between $ 50 - 100 ( £ 33 - 66 ) for domestic use ) or try to siphon some off on the sly .
This problem has nothing to do with the political deadlock , Mr Kadem said .
" Go to the Green Zone , and you 'll see they have electricity 24 hours a day .
They should suffer as we do . "
' Bad for business '
Mr Sharistani admitted that , up till now , the politicians have got a better deal than the people who voted them into office .
But he said he intended to change all of that .
Image caption Nejim spends half of his earnings on fuel and servicing a generator
" There were strong pressures on the previous minister to supply power to residencies , to government buildings , that I found unnecessary .
They should be treated like any other normal citizen .
The first action I have taken [ as electricity minister ] is to treat the politicians like anybody else . "
While the problem persists , he believes ministers should suffer the same power cuts as the people .
But Mr Sharistani admitted that the vast building of the oil ministry was not even on the national grid , relying instead on its own generators ( paid for , of course , by Iraq 's oil revenues . )
But if you run your own business , you have to pay for your own generator .
The other day , I went out to get an ice cream .
Nejim Abed Hashim owns and runs a small shop not far from the office .
His ice cream is hand - made by his cousin and , on a hot day , it 's absolutely delicious , especially the pistachio flavour .
But Nejim says he spends half of his takings on fuel and servicing for the generator .
He has little choice .
The national grid supplies his shop with around two hours of electricity during working hours .
Without the generators , his produce would turn to sludge .
" It 's bad for business , " he told me .
" The officials should spend the money that has been allocated to improving the power supply to improve the electricity , not to put the money in their pockets . "
To be fair , it is n't all the government 's fault .
Image caption Desperate Iraqis have taken to stealing electricity
Iraq 's power stations were bombed during the first Gulf War .
They were then left to crumble under international sanctions , before being bombed again during the invasion of 2003 .
The minister told me his government had allocated $ 7bn to the country 's electricity infrastructure since 2006 .
That is not including the money spent by the Americans on similar projects .
And yet most Iraqis will tell you things have only got worse since then .
Iraq is trying to become a country where problems can be solved by politics rather than violence .
At the moment , the popular perception is one of corrupt officials sitting around in their air - conditioned villas , squabbling over political posts , while the people suffer .
BarkOff ultra sonic dog trainer is most probably THE best way to stop a dog from barking and it ’s harmless , painless and effortless .
When it comes to a high - tech way to make a dog stop barking , it is the only one in its class .
Bark
Off is a device that emits an ultra-sonic sound , triggered by a dog ’s bark , that will distract the canine and make it keep quite .
Dog barking is a behavioral problem and aside from training , there are a few alternative solutions which can be primitive and sometimes even a bit cruel .
Bark
Off does the task at hand without making life miserable for the dog .
Take a quick look at the other choices you have to making a dog stop barking :
Muzzle .
Placing a muzzle on the dog will stop it from barking and biting .
If you think about this method , it ’s like placing your hand around its mouth and grasping it firmly down to keep it closed for hours on end .
Muzzles are the most primitive among the anti-barking products and an unkind way to do stop the animal from barking .
Anti-barking collar .
There are two kinds of anti-barking collars , one emits a scent that the dog hates and the other one will send a mild electrical shock throughout the body of the dog .
Whichever one you use , the dog will dislike .
Stopping a dog ’s bark by inflicting it with these methods is like punishing it for communicating .
Debarking surgery .
This method is also called devocalization .
It is a surgical procedure in which the vocal cords of the animal are removed .
Imagine … if you were the dog , and your ability to speak was taken out just to make you shut up .
The ultimate advantage that you have when you use BarkOff is that it will work , not only for your own dog but on any dog within hearing distance of the ultra-sonic pitch .
BarkOff is the only way you can stop your neighbor ’s dog from howling at the moon .
It ’s lightweight and portable , and you can activate it without any human being noticing the sound it emits .
Stopping a dog from barking has never been easier and more humane than using BarkOff .
Click Here to Get BarkOff Ultra Sonic Dog Trainer
Em tempo de Covid algumas previsões de 2013 se mantém atuais até hoje .
O que é :
" Em 2013 , o Grupo RBS convidou a cineasta Flavia Moraes para realizar uma cuidadosa investigação sobre o futuro da indústria da comunicação .
Durante 12 meses , Moraes visitou laboratórios de inovação , agências de propaganda , empresas de tecnologia e grandes veículos , em Porto Alegre , São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Los Angeles , São Francisco , Nova York e Boston .
Agora , você vai conhecer outras previsões e o pensamento de alguns dos mais respeitados profissionais de Comunicação do mundo sobre a era digital . "
Dica da profa Vania Bueno https://www.linkedin.com/in/vania-bueno/
http://www.thecommunicationrevolution.com.br/
I 've been to France once , and only for a short time ( basically , driving across the Large Hadron Collider site which straddles Switzerland and France , and only then to eat at a restaurant ) .
I 'd love to go and spend more time ... especially when I see as lovely a view of L'hexagone as this one :
[ Click to engrandenate . ]
C'est magnifique !
C'est belle !
It looks like a beach picture , the Moon shining down on the coastline , clouds gently wafting over the horizon ...
Hey , wait a second .
That is n't a picture taken from the beach !
That 's taken from space !
Oui .
This shot , taken from the International Space Station , is looking southwest at France ( and a little bit of Italy ) , but from several hundred kilometers above it .
It was taken at nearly midnight on April 28 .
The view is not straight down , but at an angle ; about 60° from straight down , or 30° down from horizontal ( if I 've done the math correctly ; the law of cosines was a little tricky for this one , but I got the data from the NASA site ) .
At the moment it was taken , the center of the picture was about 650 km ( 400 miles ) away from the ISS .
I love this picture !
What you think at first is the Moon is actually moonlight reflecting off the water of the Ligurian Sea , an arm of the Mediterranean between France and Italy .
Corsica can be seen to the upper left .
Also visible are Marseille ( to the right ) , Lyons ( at the bottom ) and Torino in Italy to the left ( bonus astronomy goodness : a decade ago , Torino hosted a meeting for astronomers , who concocted the Torino Scale of how dangerous an Earth - buzzing asteroid is ) .
Since it was midnight , the lights of the cities glow softly from this distance .
You can also see the gentle blue reflected moonlight off snow - capped Alps in the center , interspersed with the light cloud cover .
There is a lot we can learn from observing our home planet from space , but perhaps the most important -- and the one with the most lasting impact -- is just how beautiful it is .
P.S. I was listening to Debussy 's " Claire de Lune " as I wrote this , and when it ended , went right to " Prelude a L'Apres Midi d'un Faune " .
C'est vrai !
Crédit d'image : NASA
by Martin and Marcia
“ When I use a word , ” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone , “ it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less . ”
“ The question is , ” said Alice , “ whether you can make words mean so many different things . ”
“ The question is , ” said Humpty Dumpty , “ which is to be master – – that ’s all . ”
( Through the Looking Glass , Chapter 6 )
Clarity and simplicity are the hallmarks of truth .
This tends to be universal regardless of domain .
For example , in programming , there is the concept of elegance .
Elegant code is clean and precise , adheres to standardized naming conventions for variables and function , and , in consequence may be apprehended more quickly by subsequent coders who may need to augment and review .
In contrast “ spaghetti code ” refers to inconsistent hackery that might work sometimes , but is prone to error , hard to maintain , and hard to follow .
In a programming language like any other language , there are keywords that have specific meanings .
These are understood as givens which will not vary .
For example , the terms integer , character , string , float , boolean , and bit are immutable concepts which carry across practically all programming languages .
Even the particular syntax or terminology of the language does n’t violate these precepts , eg character -> char , string -> cstring , boolean -> bool , etc .
Programming would become an impossibility if suddenly a string became boolean , an integer a string , and so forth .
Confusion would reign .
In the political world , terminology is no less important than in the world of the programmer .
However , there has been a systematic effort to obfuscate and confuse terminology in order to usurp hitherto positive meanings and put them in the service of ideals which , in many cases , are opposite to the word ’s original meaning .
Thus , the language of politics is twisted into a form of spaghetti code , intelligible only to those diligent enough to unravel its etymological history .
To be clear , this is not the doublethink that Orwell refers to with such phrases as “ black is white ” , “ right is wrong ” , “ good is bad ” , etc .
Instead this obfuscation is an effort to capture the positive aspects of a word like “ liberal , ” give it a new meaning , and repeat it often enough until the old meaning is completely forgotten .
F. A. Hayek comments on this in his forward to the American edition of The Road to Serfdom .
But there is one point of phraseology which I ought to explain here to forestall any misunderstanding .
I use throughout the term “ liberal ” in the original , nineteenth - century sense in which it is still current in Britain .
In current American usage it often means very nearly the opposite of this .
It has been part of the camouflage of leftish movements in this country , helped by the muddleheadedness of many who really believe in liberty , that “ liberal ” has come to mean the advocacy of almost every kind of government control .
I am still puzzled why those in the United States who truly believe in liberty should not only have allowed the left to appropriate this almost indispensable term but should even have assisted by beginning to use it themselves as a term of opprobrium .
So ingrained into common usage is this bastardized meaning , that the contemporary reader of Hayek ’s seminal work must constantly fix the original and accurate meaning of the word in his mind as he makes his way through the book .
The term “ liberal ” is not the only word to undergo such a metamorphosis .
The Department of Justice ’s refusal to prosecute the Black Panthers who stood in front of polling places wearing paramilitary garb , brandishing billy clubs , and threatening white voters , provides another example of subversion of the language for political ends .
In a recent article in the Weekly Standard , the leftist ( liberal in the current sense ) Department of Justice definition of discrimination is summed up this way :
Liberal civil rights lawyers argue that because “ a history of official discrimination ” can be one subsidiary factor in voting cases it “ wipes out every other factor ” and prohibits cases from being brought against blacks .
And further , that since “ socio-economic ” factors can be considered in determining whether voting discrimination has occurred , these cases cannot be brought against black defendants until there is economic parity between blacks and whites .
Such attorneys use phrases like “ traditional civil rights cases ” and “ traditional civil rights victims ” to signal that only minority victims and white perpetrators concern them .
Justice sources tell me that career attorneys have been “ assured ” that cases against minority defendants wo n’t be brought .
In other words , Obama ’s Justice Department believes the civil rights laws exist only to protect citizens of certain races .
This is part of the leftist argument that persons of color cannot be racist .
One such advocate of this meaning summed up her definition this way :
People of color cannot be racist .
As far as i understand things , racism emerges when the color of one ’s skin becomes a way of controlling them through power instilled by the social hierarchy of race and color .
I believe that there is a social hierarchy of race , with white / Euro folk on top ( this is true worldwide ) and black / African folk on the lowest tier .
Yellow / Asian and brown / Latina
This hierarchy has been defined and maintained by those in power , primarily the white folk .
I believe that the black community has no power to control these definitions or hierarchy , but i also feel as though those in the middle of the hierarchy have the ability to define and control other folks based on race .
For example , in Asian or Indian contexts i feel as though there is a racist society without the control of white folk , based on certain people of color controlling other people of color who they feel are “ lesser . ”
Would n’t this be racism ?
I do feel as though people of color can be prejudiced , but this is different .
In order to be racist , you have to have power afforded by your race and then use that power to control people who are socially viewed as less racially valuable .
This diverges from the traditional meaning of color blind justice that people should be judged “ by the content of their character and not by the color of their skin . ”
According to Obama ’s Justice Department , we have now come full circle to the belief that race accounts for differences in character , ability and intention , and that a particular race is therefore entitled to advantages under the law not merited by others .
For instance , the activist group La Raza , ( which means The Race ) has a controversial slogan which , while contradicting the contention that people of color ca n’t be racist , confers special treatment : Por La Raza todo , Fuera de La Raza nada [ “ For the race everything , outside the race nothing ” ] .
The concept of “ rights ” is another term that the left is reinventing .
It is being changed from individual protections against government interference , guarantees of freedoms which are worded in the Bill of Rights as prohibitions …
… shall make no law respecting …
… shall not be infringed
No Soldier shall , …
No person shall be held …
to a term meaning entitlement to benefits conferred by the government .
This is not an academic exercise in semantics .
This is about truth , and about a threat as real as any terrorist attack and more immediate because it is covert .
If “ words can be made to say many different things , ” reality changes , laws change .
Think about children growing up today .
Will they know the true meaning of the Founders words ?
Or will they be guided by a new lexicon .
If that is the case , American will be transformed and who will know what has been lost ?
“ When I use a word , ” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone , “ it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less . ”
“ The question is , ” said Alice , “ whether you can make words mean so many different things . ”
“ The question is , ” said Humpty Dumpty , “ which is to be master – – that ’s all . ”
Think about that when you vote in November .
OUR nation ’s Congressional machinery was humming last week as legislators reconciled the differences between the labyrinthine financial reforms proposed by the Senate and the House and emerged early Friday morning with a voluminous new law in hand .
They christened it the Dodd - Frank bill , after the heads of the Senate Banking and House Financial Services Committees who drove the process toward the finish line .
The bill is awash in so much minutiae that by late Friday its ultimate impact on the financial services industry was still unclear .
Certainly , the bill , which the full Congress has yet to approve , is the most comprehensive in decades , touching hedge funds , private equity firms , derivatives and credit cards .
But is it the “ strong Wall Street reform bill , ” that Christopher Dodd , the Connecticut Democrat , said it is ?
For this law to be the groundbreaking remedy its architects claimed , it needed to do three things very well : protect consumers from abusive financial products , curb dangerous risk taking by institutions and cut big and interconnected financial entities down to size .
So far , the report card is mixed .
On the final item , the bill fails completely .
After President Obama signs it into law , the nation ’s financial industry will still be dominated by a handful of institutions that are too large , too interconnected and too politically powerful to be allowed to go bankrupt if they make unwise decisions or make huge wrong - way bets .
Seven people , including five youths , have been charged with the murder of a man found dead near a supermarket , police said today .
The body of Shaun Rossington , 21 , was discovered on a patch of grassland near a Waitrose store in Lincoln on Thursday morning .
He had suffered head injuries .
Seven people were arrested on Saturday in connection with his death , and Lincolnshire police today said they had all been charged with his murder .
They are Mark Jackson , 20 , Nicholas Shelbourn , 26 , two girls aged 16 and 13 , and three boys aged 16 , all from Lincoln .
The seven are due to appear at Lincoln magistrates court this morning and at the city 's crown court on Tuesday .
Rossington 's parents , Sharon and Kevin , said they were " shattered " by their son 's death .
In a statement , they said : " He only had friends , no enemies .
His passions were football , cars and the gym .
He loved watching Lincoln City play and would never miss a home match .
" He was so looking forward to watching all the World Cup games on the television .
Shaun was also a keen player and in season turned out regularly for Lincoln City Sharks .
He went to his gym regularly and was very fit and healthy . "
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjPdEw4MWTc&feature=player_embedded[/youtube]
The Savannah River Sites ( SRS ) massive K Cooling Tower was safely demolished as part of the Site - wide Footprint Reduction Initiative funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) .
When the second tower to be demolished in the world , 450 feet high and 345 feet wide in turn provides a unique challenge for project managers SRS , also experienced veterans of the industry .
Watch the video !
via
Global Underground Afterhours
Tracklisting
Darkness
Light
So what do you gear yourself up to expect from a CD compilation entitled '' ?
Well , not much to be honest .
Global Underground seem to have gone fairly sideways with this release , as it is hardly what you would call a standard run -of - the - mill compilation .
So I threw the CD ’s in my stereo and did n’t really give it much thought , just let them play through while I ran about .
And it took me a good number of listens before I really got the feel for this compilation .
The following summary is my verdict .
The intro together with Meat Katie 's ' Long To Belong ' sets the atmospheric tone for Disc One .
It reminds me of the types of sounds that you would find gliding through a vintage film .
However , when the slight break comes and Vogon 's ' Decoy ' takes over with the introduction of a quality bass - line , the foundation is set for ‘ Escape ’ by The Thrillseekers , a beautiful track to say the least .
The mid section of this album features some great tracks , nothing you would really hear in a club or on any normal compilation , but nonetheless inspired sounds by which to clear your mind of thoughts of your problems / work / life / love /etc .
Before long , the great electronic sounding vocals from Bola ’s ‘ Pae Paoe ’ featuring Dennis Bourne give this mixture of ambient music a new feel , and its impact is awesome to say the least .
At this point the album just takes you away , with tracks like the incredible sounding ‘ Folding Space ‘ .
The highlight of the disc is the consecutive arrangement of five brilliant tracks , from Naked Funky 's ' Evolution Ending ' , to Mimic 's ' Calmingly Numb ' to Ashtrax 's ' Future Traffic Song '( the moniker used for the collaboration between ashley casselle and james christopher ) .
These help to create an amazing mood that is n’t particularly commercially definable , but is more something that allows each individual person to take from it their ownexperience .
The disc closes with the deep , soft and forgiving sounds of ' It 's A Wonderful Life ' by Sparklehorse .
Balago starts this disc off with two tracks .
The first is the slow building deep intro track titled ' Maccabea ' .
Taking on from this is ' Pendulos ' , which features some very deep yet solid sounds .
These continue to slowly build , leaving the listener in anticipation of the moment when firm bassline will kick in .
This finally drops in track 3 , a masterful reworking of the Depeche Mode classic ' It 's No Good ' .
Things become a little twisted from here , but before your mind spins completely out of orbit Momu 's semi self titled track , ' This Is Momu ' , reigns you in again with its very smooth upbeat sounds .
This introduces the more upbeat and ‘ party - after - the - party ’ feel of this second disc .
Start Alex's ' Soundboy ' is a great track to get you mentally moving .
By the time the CD gets to Filta 's ' Abuse ' it has developed a much stronger funky breakbeat feel .
Two of Ficta 's more recent tunes , ' Pathfinder ' and ' Eli ' , follow from here in a similar mood enhancing vein .
As this impressive disc draws to a close , it all goes a little pear shaped in my head .
The last couple of tracks , starting with M. Mayer 's ' Love Is Stronger Than Pride ' , feature some crazy beats and noises that in the right ( wrong ) circumstance really would give you a bit of a head - f* *k .
Following this is Froyd 's ' Weisses Rauschen ' , which breaks in with an intrusively harsh and grating german vocal .
From there the disc goes on to close with a few very sideways tracks .
On the whole however , these few unfortunate tracks fail to dent the overall quality of this compilation .
In general the compilation is a solid effort , a true journey for the mind , body and soul , and is best taken after long exposure to the clubbing environment .
It is punctuated by head clearing sounds , the perfect stuff to relax the mind after a massive night out .
And although these discs feature some fairly f%*ked up and wasted sh*t , they are at the same time both mellow and deep , a perfect example of the ‘ I just got home at 4 am and need something to stop the ringing yet something that is n’t too offensive and may event let me get some sleep ’ kind of music .
Disc
One of this afterhours compilation is particularly flawless , while Disc Two is the more intense and experimental of the two and features some amazing production .
The compilation certainly seems to achieve the original intention of GU , this being obviously to provide music for those requiring a specific , unique sound tailored for the afterhours , a relatively untapped market not to be confused with the ‘ chill - out music ’ genre , or GU ’s recent Electric Calm release .
It relies on the fact that in some point in time you will need solid post ' event ' sounds .
Whether that ' event ' is a night out clubbing , a nasty day in the office or a harsh road trip , the album succeeds in offering the mind a haven in which to unwind .
Although I do n’t have the entire back catalogue of GU on my shelves , to my knowledge this compilation is the furthest venture away from the traditional GU style of music to date .
A change that is not unwelcome given that , although dependant upon your personal taste , this album may just prove to be the one you reach for when life gets a tad shady .
This release also comes with a bonus CD featuring ‘ A visual narrative into the afterhours ’ .
It is a PC CD which features two short films covering the Darker and Lighter sides of post clubbing adventures … IntroMeat Katie - Long to Belong .
Vogon - Decoy .
The Thrillseekers - Escape .
Spanna - Kan Kan.Terranova - Bitcrush .
Bola - Pae Paoe featuring Dennis Bourne .
The Detroit Escalator Company - Folding Space .
Naked Funk - Evolution Ending .
Pink Bomb - My Life In Art. Mimic - Calmingly Numb .
Argonout - Going Through .
Ashtrax - Future Traffic Song.Sparklehorse - It 's A Wonderful Life .
Balago - Maccabea .Balago - Péndulos .
Depeche Mode - It 's No Good .
Jimi Tenor - Utopian Dream .
Momu - This Is Momu . Smart Alex - Soundboy .
The Human League - Being Boiled .
Stereonova - People Started To Move.
Bunch Of Gurus And Emilia Majello - Punk Cake .
Filta - Abuse .
Ficta - Pathfinder .
Ficta - Eli.M. Mayer - Love Is Stronger Than Pride .
Froyd - Weisses Rauschen .Kotai - Sucker DJ.OutroBrooklyn Funk Essentials - I Got Cash .
A visual narrative into the Afterhours . : Imagery set to Balago .
Pendulos . : Imagery set to Bola .
Pae Paoe featuring Dennis Bourne .
While none of the below information will come as news to regular Zero Hedge readers , as we have been discussing the European debt maturity cliff for over 5 months , here is a simplified representation of why anything and everything that the EU , ECB and the IMF can do now is simply delay the inevitable disintegration of the eurozone and the upcoming eventual debt payment moratorium .
Via Der Spiegel , courtesy of Cheeky Bastard .
Perspire : To sweat .
1 . Do you perspire alot when you are riding bike ?
2 .
Try not to perspire when you get nervous .
3 . Can anyone give me a sentence for the word perspire ?
4 .
What does the word perspire mean ?
5 .
Thank you for telling me what the word perspiremeans . -
Never let them see you perspire .
The 10 - foot sphere is made of the same plastic as Legos , and its curvature helps to cushion players if they fall .
The ball spins on a platform fitted with 45 caster - mounted wheels .
Beneath , an optical sensor tracks motion the same way a computer mouse does , watching for relative movement across x and y axes .
To make the experience truly immersive , the player is fitted with a head - mounted display with two internal LCD screens .
A laptop wirelessly collects the data from the sensor and the gyroscopes , magnetometers and accelerometers on the headset to create the image the player sees .
A legendary killer will join forces with a legendary comic book artist this fall , as Dexter Early Cuts : Dark Echo debuts online .
The new animated webseries is drawn by award - winning illustrator Bill Sienkiewicz and will be available in six chapters , beginning this October on sho.com / earlycuts
Dexter + Morgan , +Sienkiewicz +style +
Last year 's first installment of Dexter Early Cuts told animated stories about Dexter Morgan 's early days , and three murders he committed before the series began , each brought to life by a different illustrator .
Sienkiewicz will be the single artist this time out , helping tell a story in which Dexter is challenged by a copy - cat killer who does not follow any sort of code .
Dark Echo opens immediately after the death of Dexter 's father , Harry , with Dexter in his early twenties and his sister Debra still in high school .
Dexter is enrolled in medical school where he 's studying anatomy to improve his " craft . "
During a routine kill , Dexter realizes that another student has been spying on him and knows that he is a serial killer .
He confronts the student after he begins to commit murders in Dexter 's style and the two clash over the ethics of their situations .
Dexter Early Cuts : Dark Echo is written by Dexter Co-Executive Producer and staff writer Tim Schlattmann .
Dexter himself will sound very familiar , with Michael C. Hall providing his voice .
Sienkiewicz is well - known to comic book fans for his acclaimed work on series like The New Mutants and Elektra : Assassin .
More recently , he was hired by Warner Brothers to sketch and concept the makeup and wardrobe for Heath Ledger 's portrayal of the Joker in The Dark Knight .
Dexter fans attending the Comic - Con panel for the series this week will be treated to a special preview of Dexter Early Cuts : Dark Echo .
Participants in the panel include Michael C. Hall ( series star / executive producer ) , Jennifer Carpenter ( Deb ) , James Remar ( Harry ) , and executive producers John Goldwyn , Sara Colleton , Chip Johannessen , and Manny Coto The Dexter panel will be held Thursday , July 22nd at 6:00 pm in Ballroom 20 .
Immediately beforehand at 4:45 - 5:45 in Ballroom 20 , Hall and Johannessen will also take part in the Anti-Heroes of Showtime panel .
In a sharp change from its cautious approach in the past , the National Academy of Sciences on Wednesday called for taxes on carbon emissions , a cap - and - trade program for such emissions or some other strong action to curb runaway global warming .
Such actions , which would increase the cost of using coal and petroleum — at least in the immediate future — are necessary because “ climate change is occurring , the Earth is warming ... concentrations of carbon dioxide are increasing , and there are very clear fingerprints that link [ those effects ] to humans , ” said Pamela A. Matson of Stanford University , who chaired one of five panels organized by the academy at the request of Congress to look at the science of climate change and how the nation should respond .
The three reports issued Wednesday , totaling more than 860 pages , provide the broad outlines for a U.S. response to the threat ; two more reports are to come .
“ This is the most comprehensive report ever on climate change , ” said atmospheric scientist Ralph J. Cicerone , the president of the academy .
They outline “ why the U.S. should act now to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and why we should have a national strategy to adapt to the inevitable . ”
The reports are available online at https://www.nationalacademies.org.
Among other things , the reports recommend that a central agency be in charge of the response , possibly a greatly strengthened U.S. Global Change Research Program .
They also lay out a series of potential ways to adapt to inevitable changes , such as shifting vulnerable populations away from coasts and finding ways to protect the limited water supplies in the Southwest .
The conclusions of the new reports generally reflect those of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released in 2007 , but reflect a greater urgency because committee members had an additional five years of research to draw on , Matson said .
As a consequence , for example , the academy panels concluded that ocean levels could rise by as much as 5 feet by the end of the century , compared to the IPCC estimate of a foot and a half increase .
Earlier this week , both the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and NASA reported that 2009 was the warmest year worldwide in human history , reflecting the belief of most scientists that the situation will continue to worsen .
Perhaps the most contentious part of the reports will be the panel ’s recommendations for carbon emissions .
“ We focused primarily on carbon dioxide because it is responsible for so much of the problem , ” said Robert W. Fri of Resources for the Future , who chaired one of the committees , which are composed of elite scientists .
The panel recommended that the United States restrict its carbon emissions to a total of 170 to 200 billion tons of greenhouse gases during the period 2012 to 2050 , which would represent as much as an 80 % reduction of carbon compared to current projections .
“ That ’s a very challenging task , ” Fri said .
“ At the current rate of 7 billion tons per year , we would use up the allotment well before 2050 , ” he said .
Moreover , “ even if all available and emerging technologies could be deployed to their fullest technical potential , it is clear we will still need new and additional emission reduction options . ”
Congress has been wrestling with cap and trade , which would set a limit on the amount of carbon dioxide that could be released , but allow companies to buy and sell their own allotments .
The Obama administration supports the approach and the House passed a bill last year that would implement it , but it got shunted aside in the Senate during the debate over healthcare .
A vote on a newer form of the bill could occur this summer .
Meanwhile , the government and communities need to prepare for threats that are likely no matter what actions we take , said Thomas J. Wilbanks of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory , the chair of a third panel that considered potential adaptations to global warming .
“ The most dramatic possible threat , by 2050 , is a sea level rise in the Gulf Coast of 2 to 4 feet . , plus the prospect of more intense coastal storms , ” he said .
“ We may need to consider contingency plans … such as movement of infrastructure and settlements away from vulnerable areas . ”
Preserving water supply in the Southwest , which will inevitably become more arid , will also be crucial , he added .
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For six years , former presidential hopeful Fred Thompson played Arthur Branch , the gruff , straight - shooting district attorney in the television series Law and Order .
Thompson ’s character had an unflinching commitment to the letter of the law .
The same ca n’t be said for a firm that Thompson has been pitching for lately in TV ads : a mortgage company that ’s landed in hot water in a half - dozen states for allegedly preying on elderly Americans and , in some cases , violating state law .
This spring , Thompson , a jowly ex-GOP senator from Tennessee , signed on to serve as the national spokesman for American Advisors Group ( AAG ) .
In an ad for the company , Thompson stands in front of a charming white house with an American flag flying out front and sings the praises of a lesser - known mortgage product called a reverse mortgage : “ Join hundreds of thousands of other Americans who have used a reverse mortgage as a safe , effective financial tool , ” he implores viewers .
Thompson ’s new employer , however , has a troubled track record .
Regulators in Florida , Illinois , Maryland , Massachusetts , Virginia , and Washington State have cracked down on the firm for deceptive marketing and consumer fraud .
In February , for instance , the Illinois attorney general , Lisa Madigan , sued AAG and its president for direct - mail solicitations that Madigan described as “ extremely misleading . ”
That same month , the state of Massachusetts temporarily banned the company from doing business in the state .
A questionable company enlisting a popular public figure like Thompson to peddle its wares is nothing new .
As Mother Jones recently reported , a company called Goldline International uses TV and radio host Glenn Beck to lure unwitting customers into dubious gold - buying deals .
( AAG has also advertised on Beck ’s Fox TV show . )
Last month , JD Hayworth , a former Republican congressman who ’s angling for Arizona senator John McCain ’s seat , suffered a major embarrassment when an old infomercial resurfaced showing the conservative plugging $ 1,000 seminars on how to tap “ free ” government money .
In AAG ’s case , putting a celebrity face on its mortgage products is at the core of the company ’s marketing strategy .
Before hiring Thompson , the company used the late veteran actor Peter Graves as its spokesman .
And in August 2009 , AAG president and CEO Reza Jahangiri explained that a large part of the company ’s national marketing campaign would revolve around a “ celebrity spokesperson ” who “ adds that credibility and gets borrowers a little more comfortable with the company . ”
Reverse Mortgages : The New Subprime ?
In AAG ’s line of work , you need all the credibility you can get .
The company peddles reverse mortgages , a variety of loan available to homeowners 62 or older , letting them tap the equity in their houses .
Here ’s how they work :
In a typical mortgage , the lender advances the loan ’s principal amount up front to finance the borrower ’s purchase of a home , and then the borrower repays the lender in monthly installments .
In a reverse mortgage , a lender like AAG pays a homeowner — either in monthly payments , a lump sum , or a line of credit — the amount of equity in the home .
Then , as fees and interest accumulate over time on the loan , the borrower ’s balance increases .
That sum must be paid off when the borrower moves out , sells the home , or dies , at which point whoever inherits the house must pay off the loan .
More than 90 percent of reverse mortgages are federally insured .
Conceived in the early 1980s , they were envisioned as a way for the elderly to pull money out of their homes to pay for medical costs or supplement diminished incomes .
In recent years , as the aging boomer generation swells the ranks of elderly Americans , the market for reverse mortgages has skyrocketed .
The total principal committed in federally backed reverse mortgages increased seventeen - fold between 2001 and 2008 , from $ 1 billion to $ 17 billion .
Heavyweight banks like Wells Fargo and Bank of America , as well as lesser - known lenders like Financial Freedom , are all major players in the industry .
And , like subprime mortgages , reverse mortgages have been securitized and traded , a practice that began for this lesser known industry in 1999 .
As the reverse mortgage industry grows , so , too , do the cases of fraud and predatory practices .
In fact , the reverse mortgage industry today looks a lot like the subprime mortgage industry five or six years ago .
According to a report by the National Consumer Law Center ( NCLC ) , senior citizens are often pushed into reverse mortgages they do n’t want or need by overzealous brokers , some of whom worked as subprime mortgage brokers before that market imploded .
The Senate Special Committee on Aging has held two hearings , in December 2007 and June 2009 , on the risks of reverse mortgages .
At a June 2009 banking conference , John Dugan , the Comptroller of the Currency , warned ( PDF ) , “ While reverse mortgages can provide real benefits , they also have some of the same characteristics as the riskiest types of subprime mortgages — and that should set off alarm bells . ”
Lenders target seniors by advertising on TV , via the Internet , and through direct mail ; in some cases , they disingenuously describe reverse mortgages as “ free money , ” and ply seniors with images of shopping sprees and dream vacations .
In AAG ’s case , the company ’s marketing materials are at the heart of its run-ins with state regulators .
In September 2008 , regulators with Massachusetts ’ Division of Banks ordered AAG to stop sending “ false or misleading ” direct mailers to consumers , which strongly resembled official government mailings .
The company agreed .
Seven months later , though , state regulators again caught AAG using misleading mailers that suggested the company ’s reverse mortgages were related to the Obama administration ’s economic stimulus plan — which was n’t true .
Massachusetts regulators also said that the fine print on AAG ’s offer was printed in a smaller font and a lighter color so that it was especially hard to read .
In February 2010 , the state banished AAG from doing business in Massachusetts for nearly two years .
AAG has had similar run-ins with regulators in Washington , Illinois , Virginia , Florida , and Maryland .
Washington regulators found that AAG sent the deceptive mailers to approximately 72,000 state residents , violating state law .
In Virginia , AAG settled with the state and paid a $ 7,500 as a result of its deceptive marketing materials , though the company admitted no wrongdoing .
And in Wisconsin , the state ’s banking division cited AAG for failing to fully disclose its conflicts with Massachusetts and Washington regulators while applying for a mortgage banking license , for which the company paid Wisconsin $ 2,000 .
AAG says its deceptive mailers were the work of a third - party marketing company and not the company directly .
Since running into trouble with state regulators , the company “ realized the need to be in control of our marketing and the need to be very conservative in our approach , ” CEO Jahangiri told ReverseMortgageDaily.com .
The company has also pursued settlements and other compromises with state regulators in response to issues arising from its mailers , state regulatory records show .
Jahangiri did n’t respond to questions submitted in writing by Mother Jones for this story .
Fred ’s Spotty Spokesman Record
AAG announced Thompson ’s new role as pitchman this spring , amidst the crackdown by state regulators .
( Thompson , through the public speaking agency that represents him , did not respond to a request for comment . )
Now , his face is plastered all over AAG ’s website and marketing materials .
His signature even adorns the company ’s front page .
“ Find out how much cash you may qualify for , ” Thompson says in his AAG ad .
“ Call AAG today . ”
This is n’t the first time Thompson has lent his name to a questionable company .
He is among conservative luminaries like Glenn Beck , conservative radio host Laura Ingraham , and former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee who ’ve worked as paid spokespeople for Goldline , the gold company that ’s been accused of scamming its customers .
In 2007 , Thompson , then mulling his presidential run , appeared in radio ads for a fraud prevention company named LifeLock .
That company ’s owner , the Los Angeles Times reported , had previously been accused by the Federal Trade Commission of deceptive advertising and stealing money from customers ’ bank accounts .
( The owner , Robert Maynard Jr. , settled both accusations without admitting wrongdoing , but was banned by the FTC from selling “ credit - improvement services . ” )
A Thompson spokesman said at the time that Thompson had n’t researched the company beforehand , and that the voice - over was part of Thompson ’s contract as an ABC Radio commentator .
“ You ca n’t expect the individual on - air personality to do research on every company , ” the spokesman , Mark Corallo , said .
*****
Read the State of Illinois Attorney General ’s complaint against AAG :
People Illinois ) v. American Advisors Group Complaint
A new investigative report published by the Humane Society of the United States examines the self - dealing activities of front group king Rick Berman , executive director of the Center for Consumer Freedom ( CCF ) .
Berman has developed a lucrative lobbying scheme that protects his corporate clients ' anonymity while they attack the credibility of public interest groups and fight popular movements away from their products .
How it Works
Berman targets non-profit organizations with views that conflict with those of big business .
The Humane Society of the United States ( HSUS ) is one example .
It lobbies against animal cruelty , which puts it at odds with beef , pork and poultry producers , dairies , puppy mills , captive ( " canned " ) hunting operations , and contract research labs that do animal experimentation for pharmaceutical and cosmetics manufacturers .
Another favorite Berman target , Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) , lobbies for lower legal blood alcohol levels for drunk driving charges , and mandatory use of ignition interlock devices for convicted drunk drivers , which puts it at odds with alcoholic beverage manufacturers , whose business success depends on people drinking more .
To maintain their profit margins , big businesses need to stay in the public 's good graces , so they can't be seen overtly fighting public interest legislation .
The Tyson chicken company , for example , would n't win much public favor it if openly fought laws to require the humane treatment of chickens in factory poultry farms .
That 's where Rick Berman comes in .
Berman devised a system through which does the bidding of big businesses by attacking such threatening groups on their behalf , while keeping his corporate sponsors strictly anonymous .
Hide the Sponsors
Berman identifies issues that threaten well - established , big industries , like the organic foods movement , the obesity epidemic , public scorn for high fructose corn syrup , and mercury in fish .
He then sets up a tax - exempt , charitable organization , appoints himself executive director and stocks its board with people linked to the companies he plans to defend .
He solicits donations from the threatened industries , firms donate to Berman 's charity , and Berman hires his own , for - profit PR company to do research , run advertising campaigns and set up Web sites attacking the groups that threaten the industries who fund him .
His management fees run into the millions .
501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charities do n't have to disclose their funders , so this charity - as - front group scheme allows Berman to keep his funders secret .
This , in turn , insulates his client companies from public backlash .
The names of corporations that fund Berman never appear on any of the attack ads or Web sites Berman produces -- just the name of Berman 's charity .
This anonymity is the key to Berman 's business , and his success .
Berman - created charitable groups and Web sites include :
The American Beverage Institute , whose main target is Mothers Against Drunk Driving , because it advocates lower blood - alcohol levels for drunk - driving arrests and the use of ignition interlock devices for convicted drunk drivers .
The Employment Policies Institute , which aggressively opposes federal minimum wage increases and mandated health insurance plans .
The Center for Union Facts which attacks labor unions and pro-labor legislation , including the Employee Free Choice Act .
The Web site FishScam.com , which tries to counteract information about the high mercury content in fish ( also MercuryFacts.org and HowMuchFish.com , which both encourage people to eat more fish ) .
In 2008 , the Center for Consumer Freedom , Berman 's main charity , took in $ 1.5 million in revenue , mostly from donations .
Of that , Berman and his own for - profit PR firm , Berman & Co. , pocketed $ 1.4 million .
The question is , is what he does legal ?
IRS Complaint
In November , 2004 , Melanie Sloan , executive director of the D.C. watchdog group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an IRS complaint claiming Berman is illegally funneling millions of dollars from anonymous corporate donors through his " charity " and into his own coffers .
We cannot know whether the IRS acted on Sloan 's complaint , because the agency does not disclose information about its investigations , but there is some indication it may have had an effect .
In 2006 , CCF 's legal fees increased ten - fold over what they had been the previous year , and in 2007 , the charity 's tax returns showed five board members had been replaced .
In her complaint , Sloan specifically questioned the ability of two CCF board members to make independent decisions because of their conflicting roles with Berman .
The fact that Berman hires himself to work for his charity also raises red flags , since it violates IRS rules about doing business at arm 's length , as required by law .
Yet he is still in business .
So Who Funds Berman ?
Rarely , some information about his funders does slip out .
In 2007 , Berman gave a deposition in a federal lawsuit over ownership of a documentary film he financed .
In the deposition , he revealed he had received donations from Hormel Foods , Standard Meat Company in Dallas , Texas and Covance Laboratories , one of the biggest animal testing labs in the world , which conducts research for the agrochemical , pharmaceutical , petrochemical and tobacco industries .
The documentary film in question attacked People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , which , like the Humane Society , fights animal cruelty .
Several years ago , a former Berman employee - turned - whistleblower contacted the Center for Media and Democracy and provided a list of 84 corporate donors to Berman 's non-profit Center for Consumer Freedom .
The list appears in SourceWatch 's article about the Center for Consumer Freedom , at " 7.2 Contributions . "
The list includes such notable companies as the Coca - Cola Company , Monsanto , Tyson Foods , Excel / Cargill .
Wendy 's International , Inc. , Outback Steakhouse , Applebee 's International , Good Humor / Breyer 's Ice Cream , Ruth 's Chris Steak House , Inc. , Marie Callendar Pie Shops , Ruby Tuesday , Inc. , PF Chang 's China Bistro , Pilgrim 's Pride Corp. , and many other food manufacturers and restaurant companies .
It lists the amounts they donated in 2001 , and 2002 , and in some cases , amounts they gave before 2001 , but we do n't have any more recent information than that .
If you have any such information , please contact us , so we can include it on SourceWatch .
The Bottom Line
The Supreme Court 's ruling in the Citizen United case has unleashed corporations to spend unlimited amounts to influence elections .
Even though they can spend freely , they still do n't want to be seen doing it , nor do they want their attacks on popular causes to be visible .
In the wake of the Citizens United decision , more corporations will likely be seeking ways to exert influence and attack public interest groups anonymously .
The more people try to rein in bad corporate behavior or stop using unhealthy products , the more work Berman will have helping corporations fight these efforts and the more he will profit .
Berman 's strategy provides the perfect cover for corporations to carry out attacks while remaining unaccountable .
In the absence of committed enforcement of IRS regulations governing charities , and without any new laws reining in clandestine corporate behavior , we may see even more operations like Berman 's spring up to serve corporate interests .
In the mean time , Berman seems to have found himself a tidy way to profit society 's ever - deepening problems with runaway corporate power .
Triskweline
A new fixed - width font for programmers
Triskweline is a fixed - width font especially suited for text editors and programming environments .
It was designed for maximum legibility and tidiness and supports all important symbols and Latin - 1 characters .
If you 're like me and sick of staring at Courier all day long you will love Triskweline .
Screenshot
Downloads
The original Triskweline is a 10pt bitmap font in .
FON format .
Over the years other users contributed versions in different formats or encodings .
Download Format Encoding trisk.fon.zip .FON bitmap font ( Windows ) Western ( ISO 8859 - 1 / Windows - 1252 ) trisk.pcf.gz .PCF bitmap font ( Linux , BSD , etc. ) Western ( ISO 8859 - 1 / Windows - 1252 ) trisk.ttf.zip . TTF vector font ( Windows ) * Western ( ISO 8859 -1 / Windows - 1252 ) trisk.ttf.sitx .. TTF vector font ( MacOS ) * Western ( ISO 8859 -1 / Windows - 1252 ) trisk.cyrillic.fon.zip .FON bitmap font ( Windows ) Cyrillic ( Windows - 1251 )
* The TrueType TTF version of Triskweline works only at size 10 pt , which should do for your programming editor of choice .
However , printing will look funny , as will using the font in word processors like Word or drawing tools like Corel Draw .
If your editor supports it , prefer the pixel - font versions of Triskweline (. FON or .
PCF ) .
Donations
If you enjoy Triskweline and would like to donate a small amount of your currency , please use the PayPal button below .
Donations will mostly be spent on trashy science fiction novels .
Credits
Triskweline was made in 2003 by Henning Koch .
PCF - conversion courtesy of Hunter Morris .
TTF - conversion courtesy of Vicki Brown .
Cyrillic version courtesy of Андрей ' d1337r ' , with a fix from Eugen Zagorodniy .
Revisions
2009 -03 - 16 Uploaded a fix for the character # 191 in the Cyrillic version .
2008 - 11 - 22 Published a Cyrillic version of Triskweline .
2004-09 - 14 Published a Macintosh TTF version of Triskweline .
2004-09 -13 Published a Windows TTF version of Triskweline .
2003 - 11-20 Triskweline 1.2 released : Added the Euro - Symbol 2003 - 08-09 Triskweline 1.1 released : Fixed the ampersand / New capital A , acute A , circumflex A , etc. / Serifs for capital I / Wider capital J / New 4 / Fixed spacing issue with lowercase f / Made upper Latin - 1 characters match their lower code cousins in width 2003 - 08 - 03 Triskweline 1.0 released
2003 by Henning Koch | Software will save us
