.
Recognizing the differences between conditions in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Army is now selecting a contractor to upgrade the 22 - year - old Remington bolt - action rifle to become a more effective killing machine .
The Army will pour about $ 5.6 million into upgrades to the M24 , with the new gear expected to be delivered to troops by this fall .
The M24's barrel is being modified to shoot heavier .300 Winchester Magnum rounds , instead of the 7.62 mm NATO ammunition , which should extend the rifle 's maximum effective range by hundreds of yards to a maximum of about 1400 yards .
The suppressor will reduce the noise and flash of the gun so snipers can stay in their hiding positions much longer after they fire .
The Army is also adopting a new chassis that allows for more " real estate " on the rifle — meaning the ability to attach accessories , especially much - needed night - vision devices that clip on directly to the rail in front of the scope .
The scope itself will be improved , adding a variable power system that can reach 16.5 x to 25 x magnification .
The Army will also fit the rifles with a rangefinder so troops will no longer have to perform calculations on distance .
" The engagement is a lot farther [ in Afghanistan ] than in Iraq , " says Milo Afong , a former Marine Corps sniper who researched the experience of snipers in Afghanistan for his new book , Hunters : U.S. Snipers in the War on Terror .
" You are looking at higher altitudes and less populated areas . "
In Afghanistan , U.S. snipers have encountered a tougher enemy than in Iraq — one that is willing to stay and fight and generally has the advantage because they know the hiding places .
" They know tactics , they know how to shoot , move and communicate .
They know how to set up ambushes , " Afong says .
" You just have to be on your toes at all times , and you have to put yourself one step or two ahead of the enemy . "
Afong says that for snipers engaged in urban combat in Iraq , the traditional training and mantra of waiting for ' one shot and one kill ' fell by the wayside .
Sniper teams in Iraq often selected , observed and reported on the targets without actually taking the shot , acting instead as the eyes for raiding teams that would capture or eliminate the enemy .
When caught in the speed of battle , snipers have to turn to snap shooting , says Afong .
" The window of opportunity is very , very small , " says Afong .
" You just have to pick your shots . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Image caption
Fake anti virus is often distributed through adverts
Fake anti-virus software that infect PCs with malicious code are a growing threat , according to a study by Google .
Its analysis of 240 m web pages over 13 months showed that fake anti-virus programs accounted for 15 % of all malicious software .
Scammers trick people into downloading programs by convincing them that their PC is infected with a virus .
Once installed , the software may steal data or force people to make a payment to register the fake product .
" Surprisingly , many users fall victim to these attacks and pay to register the fake [ anti- virus software ] , " the study said .
" To add insult to injury , fake anti-viruses often are bundled with other malware , which remains on a victim 's computer regardless of whether a payment is made . "
' Be suspicious '
The study , which was presented at the Usenix Workshop on Large - Scale Exploits and Emergent Threats in California , analysed websites between January 2009 and February 2010 .
It discovered more than 11,000 web domains involved in its distribution of fake anti-virus .
More than half of the fake software - which predomianntly targets Windows machines - was delivered via adverts , Google said .
Graham Cluley of security firm Sophos , who was not involved in the study , said that one of the key ways that hackers spread fake anti-virus was so - called black hat search engine optimisation techniques .
" The hackers track trending news stories - such as the death of Michael Jackson , " he said .
" They then create websites stuffed with content , which in many cases can appear on the first page of search results . "
Anyone clicking on the link , he said , would be confronted with a pop-up with a link to fake anti-virus software .
Google uses tools to filter out booby - trapped websites , but the firm said that hackers were managing to avoid detection by moving between domains quickly .
Mr Cluley said that people should be familiar with their own anti-virus software and should " always be suspicious " if they were confronted with a pop - up telling them you need to download something extra or spend money to clean up a computer .
" If you already have anti-virus installed you should n't need to do that , " he said .
The Secret Sauce And A New Platform
Well , It Looks The Same …
Last month , Intel launched its first six - core desktop processor , the prohibitively - expensive Core i7-980X .
Later in the month , it took the wraps off of its first four - and six - core 32 nm Xeon 5600 - series CPUs .
So , small and medium businesses are taken care of , as are wealthy video enthusiasts ( the segment most suited to thousand dollar hexa - core processors , in my opinion ) .
But what about everyone else ?
Is there really a need to push more than four cores to the enthusiast market spending between $ 200 and $ 400 on a new processor ?
That ’s a question I ’ll be answering before the end of the month , when AMD officially pulls the covers off of its Phenom II X6 family .
In the meantime , though , we have some early information on the upcoming lineup that we ’re able to share .
Drop -In Ready
Just as Intel crammed Gulftown into the same thermal envelope as Bloomfield , despite a 50 % increase in cores and cache , so too is AMD preserving the upgrade path of Socket AM3 ( and Socket AM2 + , if you ’re still using an older motherboard ) .
There ’s a big difference , though .
Intel made a transition to 32 nm manufacturing , cutting its die size even as transistor count skyrocketed .
AMD is still using its 45 nm node on its six - core offerings .
How exactly is AMD able to shoehorn additional complexity onto a die that does n’t violate the thermal ceiling of its existing platforms ?
In short , the company improved its process technology by introducing low -k dielectric material in the metal layers , reducing capacitance .
The result is less leakage , less power consumption , and less heat .
A New Platform
Of course , just because the Phenom II X6 will drop into an older AM2+/ AM3 - based motherboard does n’t mean that ’s the direction AMD is going to recommend enthusiasts go .
The company announced its Dragon platform last year , consisting of Phenom II X4 , a Radeon HD 4800 - series graphics card , and its 790 - series chipsets .
Well , this year the company is unveiling the Leo platform .
What ’ll it take to upgrade you from a legendary beast to an astrological sign of the Zodiac ?
A six - core Phenom II X6 processor , a motherboard based on an 800 - series chipset ( the 890GX or the upcoming 890FX ) , and a Radeon HD 5800 - series graphics card .
Will there be any reason to upgrade your existing AM3 board just to get land under that Leo umbrella ?
We remain skeptical .
And while pricing on the new CPUs is still undisclosed , insiders have told us to expect complete Leo platforms to cost roughly what Intel is asking for the Core i7-980X ( for what it 's worth , etailers have purportedly outed AMD 's flagship already , a 3.2 GHz part with a 125W TDP priced under $ 300 ) .
Naturally , we ’ll need to weigh performance against those price points to determine exactly what you ’d be getting for your money .
As mentioned , that ’ll happen before the end of the month .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . —
During his trip to the Kennedy Space Center this week , President Obama will be confronted with an awkward political reality : when it comes to space exploration , sometimes even Republicans can be passionate advocates for the public option .
They ’ve joined with Democratic colleagues in Congress to oppose Mr. Obama ’s plan to reduce NASA ’s missions and to encourage private companies ’ rockets to haul cargo and astronauts into space .
Mr. Obama ’s critics accuse him of abandoning NASA ’s glorious trailblazing tradition — and maybe , if your constituents have jobs at NASA , it ’s possible to see something pioneering about an agency whose flagship goes a few hundred miles into space .
But four decades after the moon landing , why is n’t NASA venturing somewhere more exotic ?
The glory days of the Apollo moon missions were possible only because of the race against the Soviet Union , and Mr. Obama could revive that spirit by starting a new space race .
But not if he gives in to demands to keep NASA wobbling along in current fashion .
The main problem with NASA is not lack of money .
Its current budget is about the same size , when adjusted for inflation , as the average during the 1960s and early 1970s .
But space exploration has become so costly that this level of financing wo n’t even pay for a return to the Moon anytime soon , which is what prompted the White House to cancel the Bush administration ’s lunar mission .
cwadudley Uncategorized
Promoted by Jason Springer
Governor Christie proposal to cut funding to New Jersey Network while privatizing it would devastate coverage of New Jersey news and public affairs .
NJN is the only broadcaster to provide comprehensive coverage of New Jersey news with its nightly news program .
While the amount of the cut in state funding for NJN is modest ( $ 2 to $ 9 million ) compared to the overall budget cuts , it will be a crippling blow to news coverage .
Taken together with the downsizing of other New Jersey news sources — closing of the New York Times Trenton bureau , the layoff of half the Star - ledger reporting staff in October 2008 , similar layoffs at papers throughout the state – the last thing New Jersey needs is to lose another state news source .
While the state currently provides funding for only about 40 % of NJN ’s expenses , other major sources of funding for public broadcasters like corporate underwriting and membership are reeling from the recession .
Taken together with years of cuts to NJN ’s state funding , NJN has an on - going structural deficit .
NJN ’s role in providing New Jersey cultural , minority and historical programming is also threatened as well as its function as the New Jersey provider of emergency broadcast services .
Why a state operated TV network ?
In his budget speech , Governor Christie asked why the state operates a television network .
The reason is simply and clear — because no one else would .
NJN , formally the New Jersey Public Broadcast Authority , was only formed after repeated failed attempts to get commercial broadcasters to cover New Jersey affairs .
Even though many commercial stations are technically licensed in NJ , the lure of the huge NYC and Philly markets meant they became NYC or Philly stations with only occasional NJ stories .
Unlike New York and Philly no non-profit stepped forward to operate a public television network in New Jersey .
Faced with this situation , the legislature established NJN to fill the void .
New Jersey joined twenty other states including Maryland and Rhode Island that operate public broadcasting networks .
In still other states , the public university operates the public broadcasting network .
Most states have some type of public broadcast networks .
Many of the states that operate broadcast networks are classic red states like Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota and Alabama .
Why have conservative , Republican states opted for the state solution for public broadcasting ?
Simply because they , like New Jersey , had to — commercial broadcasters provided inadequate coverage and no well - heeled non-profit operator appeared to provide the service .
These networks have also become the obvious choices to provide emergency broadcast systems .
Would a non -profit NJN work today ?
The union represented staff at NJN are dedicated to providing New Jersey based broadcasting .
They overwhelmingly oppose any takeover of NJN by a non-profit operator ( privatization . )
They oppose privatization for two related reasons .
NJN ’s broadcast licenses , towers , studios and equipment are a major asset worth several hundreds of millions of dollars that the state should not give away .
Secondly , retention of the broadcast licenses by the state is the only way to insure that coverage of New Jersey news , culture , history and public affairs continue .
The formation of a non-profit operator of NJN especially in these hard times will inevitably lead to pressure to merge services and operations with NYC and / or Philly broadcasters that ultimately will endanger New Jersey content .
This is illustrated by the decision last August by WHYY , the Philly pubcaster , to end it ’s nightly news show that covered Delaware affairs .
Like New Jersey , Delaware lacks local television coverage and WHYY , whose license is formally assigned to Wilmington , provided that coverage for many years .
But when the layoffs and funding cuts that have hit public broadcasting nationally hit WHYY , it pulled the plug on Delaware news in favor or Philly based coverage .
How Can NJN Survive in the 21st Century ?
Staff at NJN through their union , the Communications Workers of America , have identified a plan for NJN ’s survival in the 21st Century .
Changes are needed at NJN to address fundamental problems .
Funding for NJ affairs is inadequate and uncertain , procurement of equipment byzantine , and hiring is difficult .
NJN needs to be nimbler in its business and production operations .
Two big changes are needed .
There must be a dedicated , on - going source of funding for NJN that is not dependent on annual appropriations .
This funding source is needed regardless of whether NJN continues as a state agency or moves towards another model .
The structure of NJN within the state umbrella must be changed .
A New Jersey Public Media Corporation
should be formed so that NJN can be more autonomous in equipment procurement , leasing its assets , hiring staff , and providing a form of organization that will be more donor friendly .
The New Jersey Economic Development Authority which is known as a well run organization with appropriated checks and balances is a model for NJN .
Act to protect New Jersey news and democracy
It ’s important that people who believe that news about public affairs is imperative for democracy to function contact the legislators who will decide the fate of NJN and New Jersey news and public affairs programming .
Reform of and dedicated funding for NJN has not been a priority .
In this time of crisis it must and can become a priority if we demand it of our representatives .
Dudley Burdge
is employed by CWA Local 1032 and represents NJN staff
Until a few months ago , J.B. Woods was your standard - issue insurance agent .
Auto , home , life .
Would you like flood coverage with that ?
Then , in the middle of 2009 , his phone rang : “ I need insurance for my medical - marijuana dispensary , ” the caller said .
And since that moment , few of the policies Woods has set up for clients have been standard - issue .
Instead , Woods has become the guru of ganja insurance .
Property insurance , theft insurance , liability insurance .
Woods is now even offering crop insurance , in case a medical - marijuana harvest is n’t as bountiful as expected .
“ They needed an insurance agent who specializes in this area because of all the complexities involved , ” Woods said .
“ We just realized that the market was unserved in many ways , ” said Woods ’ wife , Mary .
The Woodses are n’t the only ones .
Across Colorado , as the medical - marijuana industry has boomed , so too have the businesses providing services to it .
And as state lawmakers look to regulate the dispensary business , that outward economic ripple has resulted in a widening ring of people watching to see what happens to an industry they are connected to .
Real estate agents scout locations for dispensaries .
Contractors do remodeling work .
Security companies install cameras and locks .
From insurance companies and law firms to growing - supply stores and ventilation companies , thousands of business owners and employees have jumped into the medical - marijuana economic vortex , Denver lawyer Warren Edson said .
A natural connection
“ What other new industry has opened 300 businesses in just a year ? ” Edson , a longtime medical - marijuana attorney , asked .
“ Probably no other industry in the history of the city . ”
Indeed , some of these affiliated businesses are run by people who have a deep interest in the medical - marijuana industry ’s cause .
Carla Boyd , a medical - marijuana patient who , along with her husband , owns a security company called Leif Alert , has worked with about 20 dispensaries to install alarm systems and security cameras .
She said they make it a point of offering dispensaries competitive pricing .
“ It ’s about giving back to the community , ” Boyd said .
But other business owners , like Woods , have been attracted to the industry by little more than economic opportunity .
Ken Dlin , a contractor , began working with dispensaries after seeing a niche he could fill , he said .
“ Right now , it ’s an extremely slow period for a lot of contractors , ” Dlin said .
“ So it ’s helped . ”
Dlin said the dispensary owners he ’s encountered have been professional and said he approaches the work as he would any other job .
Edson , the attorney , said he thinks the proliferation of dispensaries has made some mainstream businesses more inclined to work with them .
“ I think for Average Joe , it ’s not necessarily a scary thing anymore , ” Edson said .
But that is not true for all businesses in the medical - marijuana universe .
At HyGrow , a new hydroponics - supply store north of Denver , there is a reluctance to address marijuana ’s place in the business .
Products are flying off the shelves .
“ My warehouse looks pretty full , ” owner Suzanne Rosty said .
“ But it goes out pretty quickly .
. . .
It ’s definitely a booming business . ”
Some wariness remains
But ask a question about how much medical - marijuana growing has contributed to that , and Rosty becomes less chatty .
“ We sell indoor gardening supplies , ” she said .
“ What people do with it is none of our business . ”
Edson said medical marijuana has helped the hydroponics industry flourish , but said that industry leaders , wary of a federal government crackdown , have been cautious in talking about the issue .
Woods , the insurance agent , is not shy in talking about his new clients .
He enthuses over the complexity of his work and he praises the passion of dispensary owners .
But mostly , he marvels at the still largely untapped market .
“ Just the amount of money they ’re putting into the economy is staggering to me , ” Woods said .
“ No pun intended , but this has become a growth industry . ”
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com
« Recycled Suit Tote | Home | Ned Vizzini's New Favorite Drink »
April 26 , 2010
How to use your iPad in landscape orientation with the keyboard dock or basic dock
It 's much easier , faster and more comfortable to type on the keyboard dock or a Bluetooth keyboard than with the on - screen virtual keyboard .
The problem is that the iPad as configured forces you into placing it in portrait mode to attach it to the keyboard dock or basic dock .
This vexed me from day one and I vowed to figure out a simple hack around it until Apple adds a docking port on the long side .
But that 's probably months , if not years , away .
In the meantime I 've got stuff to do .
So I thought about it and thought about and asked myself , what would a BrainGenius do ?
And one day the penny dropped .
I ordered a 30 - pin dock extender cable ( pictured to the right of the iPad in the top photo ) and after it arrived played around a little bit and voila , there was the solution ( photographed by my crack photography team ) , pictured above and below .
Note that for the setup to work , you need an iPad case .
I used Apple 's because I already had it .
The ridge along the portion of the case holding the iPad serves to let the iPad 's encased lower border rest securely on the top edge of the keyboard dock .
If you choose to use the basic dock , it 's not nearly as stable .
The front flap of the case , folded back , serves to stabilize the iPad .
Moving the free flap away or towards you allows you to choose the perfect screen angle , something you can't do with the iPad in the dock in its portrait mode .
That 's the case with the keyboard dock ; with the regular dock , you 're limited to a much narrower range of stable configurations because of the very different geometries of the docks .
I could n't get the uncased iPad to remain stable using the keyboard dock without using other objects to keep it in place .
With the regular dock , it 's nearly impossible .
I always keep my iPad in its case ( it 's just too slippery to hold securely otherwise ) whether or not I 'm using it in conjunction with a dock .
Note also that the on / off button must be on the left to use this hack because if you try it the other way — with the hinged part of the case down — it wo n't fit without covering up the function keys , plus it 's unstable and it looks terrible .
As pictured , there 's a 1/8 inch space between the front of the iPad case and the top edge of the function keys , so they work fine .
I found two sources for dock extender cables , here and here .
Both are far longer ( 19 and 24 inches , respectively ) than necessary , so you have to coil them up and stick them between the two flaps of the case .
Maybe someone reading this post will twig and offer one about 8 inches long , perfect for the purposes of this hack .
April 26 , 2010 at 10:01 AM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef01348021e338970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
How to use your iPad in landscape orientation with the keyboard dock or basic dock :
Comments
Are people still on that whole " Netbook " argument ?
So by that same argument , why would I want to get a Netbook when I can just use a laptop with a bigger screen , more power , ports , etc ?
Better portability yes , but a netbook is still NOT a tablet - it's a small laptop where you 're still tethered to the keyboard whether you need it or not .
Comparing a netbook to a tablet computer is apples and oranges - the recently cancelled Microsoft Courier and HP Slate are more accurate comparisons to iPad .
Posted by : Shannon | May 1 , 2010 6:09:43 PM
or just use an Apple bluetooth keyboard and prop the iPad on its side in the same case .
Posted by : Mike | Apr 26 , 2010 11:51:23 PM
Way to MacGiver it .
I 'm just waiting for a iPad cover that has a bluetooth keyboard built into one side and a locking hinge -- create a kind of a netbook ipad .
Or maybe a dual iPad with the edge of the screen very near the hinge ...
Would n't mind adding USB or dock to long side .
Wouldnl't mind another speaker on the opposite side for stereo .
It would work for the user who was holding the iPad .
It would make the iPad louder for someone standing a few feet away .
Posted by : Book Guy | Apr 26 , 2010 9:16:10 PM
Nice hack !
I too was slightly baffled by the fact that the dock in on the short side .
Still not sure what to do about typing on the couch though .
My favorite complaint of surge 's is " mono audio on a 2010 device ?
LOL ! " .
SURGE DEMANDS STEREO OR MOVIE IS RUINED !
How much stereo imaging are you expecting to get out of tiny speakers separated by 6 " or so ?
Or do you just have no idea what you 're talking about and think stereo=higher quality ?
I 'm guessing the latter .
Posted by : Grover | Apr 26 , 2010 6:48:06 PM
Wow , hey , look at that guys !
It 's a screen with a keyboard !
It 's ... it's ... a laptop .
Congratulations .
Posted by : Brian H. | Apr 26 , 2010 5:35:24 PM
I believe surge was saying that the iPad OS is gimped or flawed .
which , in my opinion , is .
Its the only operating system where the maker wont let you easily run applications that it hasnt approved .
Freedom of choice is too important to me .
Plus , better and cheaper tablets are coming around the corner .
Posted by : franky1029 | Apr 26 , 2010 4:40:17 PM
Great solution !
Also fixes the problem of having to take the iPad out of the case to dock it into the keyboard .
BTW , the reason this is better than the bluetooth apple keyboard is all of the function keys are specific to the iPad instead of OSX .
Great workaround !
Posted by : Colin | Apr 26 , 2010 4:16:54 PM
I just love that bottom outdoor picture , with the garbage cans and mailbox in the distance tiny to the left of the huge close - up thing .
I 'm seeing just all kinds of deep meaning and symbolism and general hilarity in that ...
Posted by : Flautist | Apr 26 , 2010 3:58:51 PM
F'n great .
I have to spend MORE money for something that was built incorrectly to begin with .
Just one more reason I WILL NOT buy an ipad .
Posted by : Rick | Apr 26 , 2010 2:06:08 PM
A much cheaper cable can be bought at MonoPrice.com :
http://www.monoprice.com/products/search.asp?keyword=iphone+dock+extender&x=0&y=0
Posted by : Borja | Apr 26 , 2010 2:03:36 PM
@surge :
Yes you could , but then you wo n't have a touch screen , it will run uncomfortably hot and how 's that battery life ?
I am very happy with my iPad .
I hope you are happy with your netbook .
If you need a physical keyboard and more computing power and a bunch of ports a MacBook might be the way to go .
As an iPad-centric solution the above idea is great .
I do n't use mine for excessive typing so I do n't need that solution .
Not having flash is unimportant to me ( I rarely have even found a website that requires it anymore and time and widespread adoption of iPad , iPhone , and iPod touch will make webdevelopers think twice about using flash for programming anymore , because Apple clientele demographics will tell you that you wo n't want to miss out on that revenue source .
One final comment : Please look up the definition of OS on Wikipedia .
Posted by : tobias | Apr 26 , 2010 1:35:57 PM
oh and one more thing , netbooks can run flash content and play xvid\mkv\etc video as well so you are n't forced to get content from the itunes store .
Posted by : surge | Apr 26 , 2010 1:12:21 PM
you could also buy a netbook that can run more than one application at a time , has a camera , hdmi output , a real keyboard , runs a real operating system , can print , has more than one speaker ( mono audio on a 2010 device ?
LOL ! ) , has built in card reader and expansion ports ( who wants to carry around dongles with a portable device for functionality that should be included ? ) , and has a higher resolution screen -- all for less money .
Posted by : surge | Apr 26 , 2010 1:07:10 PM
The reviews on the cables suggest they do n't charge the iPad while it's in use , anyone found a cable that will ?
Posted by : Sydney | Apr 26 , 2010 1:04:13 PM
Cablejive.com sells a white 2 - footer but a little pricey .
Posted by : Duane | Apr 26 , 2010 12:55:01 PM
Also , you can get dock extender cables all day for less than $ 10 on ebay .
Posted by : Kevin | Apr 26 , 2010 12:52:54 PM
Just buy the apple Bluetooth keyboard and use it in any orientation .
Problem solved .
Posted by : Kevin | Apr 26 , 2010 12:51:31 PM
much better this way !
Posted by : thomas | Apr 26 , 2010 12:34:48 PM
Wow Joe , congrats on getting picked up by Engadget .
I guess you 're rich now !
Posted by : Matthew | Apr 26 , 2010 12:18:22 PM
would n't it be better to buy directly an MBA ?
Posted by : Ma.C. | Apr 26 , 2010 12:09:42 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
A special shout out to everyone stepping up at this critical time .
Your support has already helped us reach 30 % of our goal !
FY 2020 - 2021 MEMBERSHIP
FEES & SECTION DUES
The deadline to pay State Bar of Texas membership fees was extended from June 1 to October 31 , 2020 , as a result of the financial impacts of the COVID - 19 pandemic .
The deadline to pay voluntary section dues was extended to July 15 , 2020 .
Payments for State Bar fees and section dues may be paid securely by credit card or by electronic funds transfer ( EFT ) .
To watch a video on how to pay dues , go here .
If you have any questions , please contact the Membership Department at onlinefees@texasbar.com .
Pay your membership dues .
STATE BAR OF TEXAS AT - LARGE DIRECTOR SOUGHT
Nominations are now being accepted for at - large director for the State Bar of Texas Board of Directors .
Four at - large positions on the board are required to be appointed by the president of the State Bar subject to confirmation by the board of directors .
One position will become vacant in 2021 .
At - large directors serve three - year terms , and this year the term begins June 17 , 2021 .
Learn more about at - large director positions
DISTRICT DIRECTOR POSITIONS
Those attorneys in good standing that are interested in running as a District Director for the State Bar Board of Directors must submit a petition to the State Bar by March 1 , 2021 .
State Bar rules state that petition signatures may not be collected prior to September 1 of any given year .
Learn more about district director positions
CORONAVIRUS INFORMATION
News and updates to assist the needs of Texas lawyers and the public .
Learn more about COVID - 19
COMMITTEE ON DISCIPLINARY RULES AND REFERENDA
The Texas Legislature created the Committee on Disciplinary Rules and Referenda to regularly review attorney disciplinary rules and oversee the initial process for proposing rules changes .
Find out more or submit comments
MEMBER BENEFITS AND SERVICES
Be sure to check out the new benefits available through the State Bar of Texas Member Benefits Program .
Recently added vendors include travel with Vonlane and law practice management providers Bill4 Time , CosmoLex , MyCase , Practice Panther , and Rocket Matter .
Go to the member benefits website
MANDATORY BAR LAWSUIT
The State Bar is vigorously defending its statutory structure in response to a lawsuit that challenges the mandatory bar in Texas .
Mandatory membership in a state bar is constitutional under U.S. Supreme Court precedent because of the state ’s interest in regulating the legal profession and improving the quality of legal services .
Find out more about McDonald v. Sorrels
CASEMAKER AND FASTCASE
When it comes to legal research , attorneys need fast , trustworthy , and straightforward tools , and the State Bar of Texas is the first and only bar association to offer its members free access to both Casemaker and Fastcase .
Get access to Texas Supreme Court opinions , Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals opinions , U.S. Supreme Court opinions , and additional information .
Log in to My Bar Page
CLIENT ATTORNEY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
The Client Attorney Assistance Program is a voluntary , confidential dispute resolution service of the State Bar of Texas .
CAAP 's objective is to facilitate communication and foster productive dialogue to assist Texas lawyers and their clients in resolving minor concerns , disputes , or misunderstandings within the context of the attorney - client relationship .
Find out more about CAAP
Meet Kimberly D. Levi
Houston Family Law Attorney
Ms. Levi’s law practice is devoted exclusively to family law .
Her devotion to her practice and to her clients transforms seemingly negative circumstances into sustainable solutions for the family .
In addition to representing clients regarding community property division and parenting disputes , she serves also as a neutral mediator and as an Amicus Attorney appointed by the courts to represent the interests of children .
trying to defend the indefensible
What the Catholic Church allowed its priests to do to children without consequence is monstrous and inexcusable .
But the priests and their amoral henchmen are trying to find excuses anyway .
Illustration from the Innocence In Danger PSA campaign
Unless you ’ve been living on another planet with no access to any form of mass media , you ’ve heard of what ’s happening in the world of Catholicism .
The supposedly American phenomenon of pedophile priests shuttled around to shield them from the long arm of the law turned out to be a global problem which the Vatican chose to ignore or cover up for years to defend its veneer of piety and high moral standing .
But as the world realizes just how little Pope Benedict seems to care about pedophilia in his ranks and the sheer scale of cover-ups in the U.S. and Europe , that veneer seems to be slipping and the Vatican is busy blaming anyone and everything for its problems except the pedophiles themselves and their inability to deal with these issues without making things worse at every possible turn .
In short , the Pope and his followers are trying to defend the indefensible .
There is only one way to deal with pedophiles in any institution .
Remove them from their positions , hand them over to the authorities with every bit of information you have on them , and take whatever lumps you deserve .
In the last few decades however , the Vatican ’s method of addressing this problem has been the exact opposite , and lacking any argument to deflect their more than fair share of blame in the matter , they ’re using the kind of brain dead excuses that should be met with nothing other than derision and contempt .
We ’re not talking about religion or personal beliefs here .
We ’re talking about a crime against children by people who are supposed to be trusted with nothing less than the souls of mortals around them .
The same people who were supposed to be shining beacons of morality failed spectacularly in their task and instead of being properly punished , were shuttled around to stay one step ahead of the law .
So how exactly could you defend a practice like that ?
Well , the first attempt came from Andrew Brown , the Guardian ’s logically , and apparently , decency impaired columnist who argues that since Catholic priests do n’t molest children any more than any other profession , it somehow means that we ’re unfairly singling out the Church .
Please remind me , when was the last time that plumbers , or mechanics , or programmers , or corporate managers were charged with providing their clients a way towards immortality in heaven and leading the community by their example of upstanding morals ?
That ’s what priests do .
They ’re supposed to hold themselves to the highest ethical standards possible , otherwise , their prescribed role in the community is pretty much unnecessary and their message is nothing more than a hypocritical exercise in false piety .
The other , more sinister implication of Brown ’s article seems to be that the public should be ok with a certain pedophile rate and not get worked up when the very person who gives them lessons in ethics and morality on Sunday mornings rapes their kids .
The only acceptable rate of pedophilia in any profession is zero , especially in one which holds itself as an apex of societal good .
If you thought Brown ’s defense was bad , let ’s consider Pope ’s Benedict ’s personal preacher and the only one with the authority to question the pontiff , Reverend Raniero Cantalamessa .
His method of dealing with all the negative reports about the institutionalized cover up of child abuse in his organization ?
He offhandedly quoted an unnamed Jewish friend of his comparing the media attention to anti-Semitism .
Yeah , that ’s low .
If you ’re in a position of power in a religious movement that supported the infamous Deicide Doctrine , one of the main sources of anti-Semitism in the Western world , you do n’t get to use the anti-Semitism card .
Just because you apologized to the Jews for over a millennium of demonization , you do n’t get to use them as a smoke shield for your members ’ crimes against children .
No wonder a number of Jewish religious councils condemned these excuses as repulsive , asking how Cantalamessa could use the history of violence and hatred against a small group of people , fueled in no small part by the Vatican , to deflect from outrage against institutional pedophilia .
And quoting your “ Jewish friend ? ”
Do I even need to spell out all the things wrong with this framing ?
But even this excuse is nowhere near as vile as the one spat forth by that professional ball of pure hatred , Bill Donohue .
Whatever mind Donohue had at some point at his life was obviously discarded when he said that a vast majority of child abuse cases involved pubescent boys and thus were n’t rape but cases of homosexual behavior .
Basically , what he ’s saying is that once little boys get some hair down there and a couple of zits on their faces , they ’re fair game to be raped by a pillar of their community .
After these comments , the members of the Catholic League should hang their heads in shame for allowing this amoral lunatic to become the head of their organization , fire him and get somebody new at the helm , preferably a person who does n’t go on national television to defend pedophiles by borrowing an argument from NAMBLA .
And not only did Donohue really say that having sex with a 13 year old is n’t pedophilia , he ’s been as defiant as possible about his comments , just as you would expect from someone who ’s incapable of telling right from wrong , simply foaming at the mouth and straining at the end of his leash like a rabid dog .
Here ’s the important thing that the pope and his apologists should keep in mind next time they decide to take a shot at blaming something else for their priests ’ inability to keep their penises in their pants around kids .
In a situation in which a child is involved , our evolutionary drive is to protect them and defend them from any and all evil , especially the kind of evil which masquerades under false piety and high morals .
Our children are the biological point of our lives .
They ’ll carry on our lineage and deserve nothing but love , support , instruction and protection .
If someone under your supervision does something awful to a child , there is nothing you can ever do or say that will somehow make it better .
Trying to excuse their behavior only makes you look heartless and corrupt , especially when you insist that you ’re the only thing standing between heaven and hell …
When you look at most of the two dozen or so people in this photograph , which belongs to a Canadian museum , there 's no doubt that they 're from 1940 , the year in which it was taken .
But what about that guy ?
Advertisement
Those funky sunglasses ?
That stamped t- shirt and hippie shawl ?
The doofy , disinterested expression ?
He sure as hell does n't look like any Roosevelt - era bro I have ever seen .
Maybe that 's just it — he looks like a " bro , " which we all know did n't come into existence until the 1970s , at the earliest .
Forgetomori has an extensive analysis of the photo and the mystery man , and , with some help from members of ATS , points out that no single item of his wardrobe is technically out of period .
Advertisement
But his entire essence , especially in contrast to the sea of fedoras and 1940s enthusiasm around him , screams that he 's from another era entirely .
Sorry , time travel bro , you 've been spotted .
[ Forgetomori via BoingBoing ]
Welcome to our 3D collection of fossils , artifacts , primates , and other animals .
The purpose of this collection is to allow you to view your favorite objects from our David H. Koch Hall of Human Origins or to examine many of the primate and other animal skeletons housed in our museum 's collections .
All of the virtual objects on display were either CT or laser scanned .
The scanning process enabled us to generate 3D models of each object that you can view , rotate , and interact with online .
It may take a minute or two to load depending on your computer , but after it is loaded you will be able to move the 3D object around by holding down the left - click button and moving your mouse .
3D models of all specimens in our 3D Collection that are owned and curated by the Smithsonian Institution ( i.e. , Primates , Other Animals ) are available for download for non-commercial use only .
Please note that the 3D models of Fossil Hominins and Artifacts are not available for download .
These are copies of specimens and objects that are owned and curated by other museums / institutions ; thus , we do not distribute these data .
If you are interested in 3D data of primates or other animals , please go to the " Contact Us " page on this website , choose " Ask a question " from the drop - down menu under Category choice below , and paste " 3D model download access " in the subject line of your message .
We will respond to your request within a few weeks .
Our 3D models are currently only viewable when using a Firefox web browser , as they require a Flash plugin .
If you do not see a list of 3D models on each of our 3D collection pages ( Artifacts , Fossils , Primates , and Other Animals ) , your web browser does not support this functionality .
We are currently updating our files for easier viewing and access .
Please check back again soon .
When Jacques Rogge , president of the International Olympic Committee , checks into his Vancouver hotel suite a few weeks from now , he will find ( as he flops , exhausted , no doubt , from the strain of private jet travel ) a “ video wall , ” paid for by the citizens of British Columbia .
The bank of televisions are a requirement of IOC regulations , which state that the president must have enough screens to be able to watch every Olympic event underway at any given time — simultaneously .
The white - glove treatment being extended to Count Rogge of Belgium and the 111 other IOC members — the clutch of industrialists , backwater bureaucrats , tinpot generals , and dissipated royalty who preside over the Olympic “ movement ” — puts the economic reality of 2010 into sharp and sickening perspective .
Somehow in this country it became perversely more politically viable to spend $ 1.98 billion widening B.C. ’s Sea to Sky Highway for a two - week international event than it is to implement a national housing strategy to aid Canada ’s estimated 300,000 homeless ( Canada is the only G8 country without such a plan ) .
Today , more than 600,000 Canadian children live in poverty , a number that has n’t budged since 1989 ’s doomed Campaign 2000 parliamentary pledge to eradicate child poverty by the turn of the millennium — yet $ 900 million will be spent on security costs , battle - hardening Vancouver against the Olympic crowds .
The opening ceremonies of Vancouver 2010 are budgeted at $ 58 million , while the B.C. provincial government cut $ 20 million in arts funding just last summer .
It ’s not possible to draw a direct line from the ledger that pays for renovating the Vancouver Convention Centre ( $ 883 million ) to the one that dictates that Canada pays among the lowest unemployment insurance rates in the industrialized world .
But in a national sense , it is sad to contemplate the collective priorities expressed by these decisions : to choose the splashy over the prosaic ; the grand , short - lived gesture over the incremental improvement ; the rich and famous over the poor and marginalized .
Or to furnish a Belgian count ’s plush hotel room with more televisions than one man can watch , while thousands sleep in the street .
LONDON —
To the bankers here , it seemed like a chance to make a quick $ 7 million — risk free .
Instead , their sweet deal turned into a $ 840.1 million debacle .
In May 2007 , a handful of bankers in London agreed to take a role in a complex mortgage investment being devised by Goldman Sachs .
That decision set off a chain of events that left the Royal Bank of Scotland Group — to many Britons , a symbol of the excesses that brought the financial world to its knees — as the biggest loser in the deal that has now drawn Goldman into a legal maelstrom .
How R.B.S. became entangled in this investment , Abacus 2007 - AC1 , is a story of these financial times .
What is perhaps most unusual about the deal , and the London bankers ’ role in it , is that it was so routine .
Abacus , which is now at the center of accusations that Goldman defrauded investors , was one of countless mortgage deals that ricocheted between Wall Street and Europe during the heady days of the boom .
Jon Stewart on Thursday assailed Fox News ’s Megyn Kelly for cherry - picking poll numbers to make a “ partisan ” case against the health care bill .
“ The loyal opposition , Fox News , has started running negative ads against health care reform as they go into their own campaign mode , ” Stewart explained .
“ As the president is getting out there talking to the American people , Fox already knows what ’s they think about health care . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On her show , Kelly cited a slew of Rasmussen figures that suggest Americans are against the effort .
“ 53 % of those polled are against the plan , ” she announced .
“ 57 % say passing the plan will hurt the US economy .
81 % believe it ’s more likely to cost more .
66 % believe passage will lead to higher deficits and 78 % believes it will make higher middle income taxes . ”
“ Are those beliefs correct ?
Who gives a shit ? ” mocked Stewart .
“ They believe it ! ”
He played clips of some of Fox ’s negative coverage of the health care negotiations to try and explain why its viewers distrust the Democratic effort , claiming he had “ never seen ” the networks ’ newscasters like Kelly be “ so partisan ” before .
Showing more examples of Kelly ’s dismissive attitude toward the bill , Steward said , “ I think Fox News might be the meanest sorority in the world . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This is the second time in weeks that Stewart has called out Kelly ’s allegedly partisan coverage .
Fox host Neil Cavuto noted that Obama is making a final push to get Congress on board .
“ All the marbles , all he can muster , one last shot , one final pitch .
This is it , ” exclaimed Cavuto in the intro to his show .
“ But it is true .
Barack Obama is making a final push for health care reform and he is doing it campaign style , ” said Stewart .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast March 12 , 2010 .
On a clear day ....
Nasa reveals mesmerising ' blue marble ' images of Earth
Advertisement
These spectacular ' blue marble ' images are the most detailed views of Earth to date .
Using a collection of satellite images , scientists painstakingly stitched together months of observations to create these montages which show the surface of the continents and oceans in stunning detail .
2011 's Blue Marble :
This mesmerising view of Earth is a montage of images taken by the Terra satellite orbiting 435 miles above the planet 's surface
Much of the imagery came from a space camera onboard the Nasa satellite Terra , which is orbiting 435 miles above the Earth 's surface .
A spokesman from the Nasa Goddard Space Flight Center , which released the pictures , said : ' These are spectacular " blue marble " images , which show the beauty of our small planet . '
The two pictures show opposite sides of Earth .
One reveals the entire North American continent , Central America , the northern half of South America , Greenland and the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans , in one perfect shot .
The other highlights most of Europe , Africa and Asia .
However , both northern Europe and Australia are just out of the picture .
Our planet 's surface covers 197 million square miles with 57 million square miles of land and the rest as water .
India takes centre stage here with the vast continent of Africa curving away to the left .
Images were taken every eight days to reveal land surface that might otherwise be obscured by cloud
The land and coastal ocean portions of the images are based on surface observations collected from June through September 2001 and combined every eight days to compensate for clouds that might block the sensor ’s view of the surface on any single day .
Nasa has been photographing the Earth from space since the first camera equipped satellites were launched into space in the early 1960's .
Since then the space agency has been compiling images of our home planet year on year , with the most iconic image being the famous ' Blue Marble ' photograph taken by the astronauts of Apollo 17 in 1972 .
This ' Blue Marble ' image was taken by Apollo 17 astronauts on December 7 , 1972 .
With the Sun behind them , the Earth had the appearance of a marble , hence the name ' Earthrise ' was taken in 1968 by astronaut William Anders during the Apollo 8 mission , which was the first manned voyage to orbit the Moon .
The image ( right ) from October 24 , 1946 , was taken at an altitude of 65 miles by a 35 mm camera within a V - 2 missile and showed the first pictures of Earth as seen from space .
The missile which had been taken from the Germans at the end of World War II and was launched in the New Mexico desert
Do you want to advertise new releases ?
I accept promo material and album releases in the field of Southern Rock , Blues , Classic Rock / Hard / Heavy to publicize through this blog .
Only advertise , no reviews .
You can contact me through the form below , or my Facebook page .
Thank you .
Accetto materiale promozionale e nuove uscite discografiche in ambito Southern Rock , Blues , Classic Rock / Hard / Heavy da pubblicizzare tramite questo blog .
Solo pubblicità e visibilità , no recensioni .
Potete contattarmi tramite il modulo qui sotto o tramite la mia pagina Facebook .
Grazie .
Recently by Gary North : Why Should Your Children Pay for My Retirement ?
In my previous report , “ Why Should Your Children Pay for My Retirement ? ” I went through the logic and economics of Social Security and Medicare .
I made the point that , at some point , the bill - payers are going to resist the payments that previous generations have legislated .
What one generation can legislate , a subsequent generation can repeal .
The main political question is this :
In which form will this repeal manifest itself ?
The statistical facts of Social Security and Medicare make it clear that the funding of both programs has hit a brick wall .
They are no longer funding 100 % of the recipients ’ benefits .
The money is coming out of the general fund , which is $ 1.5 trillion in the hole this year .
So , the benefits are being paid by lenders .
There is no way that they will get their money back .
In the long term , they will get stiffed .
They refuse to consider the statistical evidence .
They believe they can get out of this obvious Ponzi scheme before it collapses .
They stay in the program .
In the short run , U.S. Treasury debt is no-risk , or close to it .
It sets the standard for financial economists on what constitutes zero risk .
In the long run , it is a guaranteed loss .
Everyone knows this debt will not be paid off .
Everyone knows that it will grow .
Everyone knows that the only reason for buying U.S. Treasury debt today is to park money where it is safe .
The debt is liquid .
The long - term future is irrelevant for present decision - making , they believe .
The rate of return is close to zero .
On T - bills , it is as close to zero as it has ever been .
During the Great Depression , rates got to a tenth of a percent , but prices were falling .
A tenth of a percent was , in some years , a tax - free rate of return of close to 10 % in terms of rising purchasing power ( falling consumer prices ) .
Today , the rate of return may be negative , depending on whether the CPI is the standard , which has been rising , or the Median CPI , which has been flat for months .
The enormous size of the debt ’s monthly expansion indicates that there are not good opportunities for capital growth .
No one would lend money to the Treasury for a tenth of a percent if he thought he could get a safe 4 % in private markets .
Bankers would not turn their depositors ’ money over to the Federal Reserve for 0.15 % per annum if they thought they were not facing horrendous losses over the next year : commercial real estate losses , defaults by businesses , and a possible secondary recession .
Let us face reality : the Treasury is getting free money because Federal Reserve policies have produced an economic crisis that refuses to go away .
The Treasury is the lender of last resort to the banking system through a $ 500 billion line of credit to the FDIC .
It is the lender of last resort to home owners who are underwater in their mortgages .
But it is the lender of last resort only because it is the borrower of last resort .
To write checks , it must borrow an additional $ 1.5 trillion in fiscal 2010 .
What do I mean , “ borrower of last resort ” ?
I mean that the Treasury is there to take lenders ’ money whenever they cannot think of anything else worth lending to .
Because of the Federal Reserve , the economy is in such bad shape that lenders depend on the Treasury to park their money for them .
GEITHNER AS A VALET
Think of Timothy Geithner as a valet in some downtown parking lot .
You drive your car to the little booth .
You hand him the keys to your car .
He says he will park it for you .
He says you can get it back at any time .
He holds the keys to your car , and you trust him .
He hands you a ticket .
It is an IOU to your car .
When I think of Tim Geithner , I think of the valet in Ferris Bueller ’s Day Off .
It ’s joy ride time !
He climbs into the car , and his buddy leaps in beside him .
Off they go !
The buddy , of course , is Ben Bernanke .
Think about this situation .
The lenders of the world are lending trillions of dollars to an agency that has a AAA rating , yet this agency is the most indebted organization on earth .
It is on the hook off - budget for at least $ 75 trillion that it does not have for Social Security and Medicare .
It is on the hook on its on - budget budget for $ 12.6 trillion .
This will be $ 14 trillion before we know it .
Our government is not alone .
All Western governments are on the hook for similar percentages .
It is just that the United States is larger than the other governments .
They , too , are lenders of last resort only because they are borrowers of last resort .
Asian governments are not on the hook to this extent .
They have not set up retirement programs .
They have not indebted future generations of workers in the name of retirees .
Yes , they face debts .
They will have to do something with their families ’ oldsters at some point .
China will face this in about 15 years .
But this is not a new problem in the history of families .
It has been inherent from the beginning .
What is different is the West ’s policy , begun in Germany in the 1880 ’s by Bismarck , of politicizing this family obligation .
This experiment in government debt is about to end in the greatest default in man ’s history : a domino effect of broken promises that will undermine the West ’s capital structure .
When the promises are finally broken to long - term lenders ( oldsters ) , they will also be broken to short - term lenders .
Think of that parking lot again .
A long line of car owners has formed .
Each of the people in line has a valid parking ticket .
The lot is empty .
The cars are missing .
But everyone has an official parking ticket .
The valet is nowhere to be found .
It ’s Ferris Geithner ’s day off .
Of course , it ’s more complex than this .
It is a gigantic system of parking tickets , with tickets against tickets .
Ultimately , it ’s the derivative system .
There are IOU ’s by the hundreds of trillions of dollars ’ worth .
Maybe it ’s a quadrillion dollars ’ worth .
The system is more complex than anything in man ’s history .
Occasionally , it blows up .
It blew up in 1998 : Long - Term Capital Management .
That took about three billion dollars of additional bank loans to fix .
Then came 2008 , just a decade later .
That took over $ 3 trillion to clear up , just in the United States .
This was a thousand - fold increase in lending .
It was ticket - shuffling on an unprecedented scale .
There will be another crisis , but much bigger .
There is nothing to stop it .
Geithner and Bernanke want us to believe that this cannot happen again , that the government and the central bank have fixed the problem .
Why should we believe them ?
We were told by the previous valet , Henry Paulson , that the problem in October 2008 was toxic assets on bank balance sheets .
They are still there , except for the assets that the Federal Reserve swapped for T - bills at face value .
This and other bailouts saved Citigroup , J. P. Morgan , and Bank of America .
They did not save Wachovia .
The Treasury can sell its 90 - day debt for a small fraction of a percent per annum .
It pays a little more for bonds .
The buyers line up .
They have nothing better to do with their money .
This tells us that the recovery is a mirage .
When the Treasury sells $ 221.9 billion in debt in one month , as it did in February , this sends a message to anyone who is not living in la-la land : there is no sustainable recovery .
When investors think that a tenth of a percent per annum is the best available investment opportunity , they are in disbelief mode .
Who will finance the capital outlays that are necessary to produce sustainable recovery ?
If the smart money — bank money — is in excess reserves at the FED at 0.15 % per annum , and not in the private markets , financing small businesses that provide most of the job growth , why should anyone believe that the job market is ready to add 150,000 jobs a month , which is what the United States needs to provide jobs for young adults entering the job market for the first time ?
Where will another 8 million jobs come from to put back to work those who have lost their jobs from early 2008 to the present ?
THE CONFIDENCE GAME
In September 2001 , Americans ’ confidence in the U.S. government ’s ability to protect them was shattered by the coordinated attacks .
The government was exposed as utterly helpless .
So completely implausible were the details of that attack that the public has never come to any agreement as to how or why it took place .
The media dismiss anyone who points to the impossible aspects of the government ’s vague account of what happened .
Such people are called “ truthers , ” due to their call for the truth about 9 - 11 .
There are millions of Americans who do not believe the government , and never will .
The Web will keep doubts alive .
The media want the Web to go away , but it is not going away .
What is going away is the audience share for the networks and subscribers to day - old news printed on paper .
In September 2008 , the quasi- private mortgage market collapsed in the United States .
The government nationalized it .
There is no suggestion in Washington that it can be , or should be , returned to the free market .
Yet we are assured that the housing market is the largest and most important sector of the American economy .
The public thinks that the government can restore the pre-2008 world .
The public is wrong .
That world is gone for good .
The mortgage market still functions only because investors do not know what else to do with their money .
They have not thought through how the Treasury will be able to serve as borrower of last resort at today ’s low interest rates .
They have not thought through the inevitable rise of interest rates and the effects that this will have on the market value of 30 - year IOU ’s at under 5 % .
They are desperate to do something with their money , and mortgages look good to them .
The confidence that Americans had in the capital markets has been undermined by September and October of 2008 .
This is why they are willing to put money in banks for 1 % per annum .
This is why they lend money to home - buyers at under 5 % in an age of inflation .
They have not thought through their futures .
A recent report by the Employment Benefit Research Institute revealed that a majority of Americans still have confidence that their retirement plans are on track .
Yet 46 % of them have never sat down to estimate what it will take for them to retire comfortably .
The percentage of those who are less confident than they were in 2007 has risen .
But most of them think that they are on track to build up enough capital to retire , along with Social Security income .
In 2009 , the same organization , EBRI , published a report on the American households ’ median retirement portfolio .
The figure in mid-June was $ 29,000 .
Confidence continues , but it is confidence based on a stunning disconnect between hope and reality .
I think it is confidence by default .
For someone to lose confidence in what appears to be the central institution of society , the national government , he must then search for a plausible alternative .
Not to begin such a search is to abandon hope .
The central institution of the United States has always been the free market .
But this is not an organized market .
There is no visible chain of command .
It has been under constant assault by intellectuals and the media ever since the Great Depression .
The typical American does not perceive the extent to which the free market , not civil government , provides him with whatever protection he enjoys .
So , as he steadily loses faith in the Federal government , there is no replacement institution .
He therefore clings to whatever remnants of the confidence he once possessed .
I grew up in a world in which most people had enormous confidence in the Federal government .
The Kennedy assassination was a shock to that confidence .
Then came the Vietnam war .
The economy began to unravel in the 1970 ’s : rising unemployment and rising prices .
Reagan ’s rhetoric restored some faith in the system .
The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 seemed to be the dawn of a new era .
A few intellectuals announced this .
It sounded good .
But 9 - 11 overturned this optimism as the new century began , and the crash ended the decade in waves of bankruptcies and default .
Confidence is cumulative .
It adds up over long periods of time .
To reverse it takes bad news for many years .
People do not want to abandon hope in what they regard as the central institution .
Yet it is clear to most people that the government is no longer functioning coherently .
There was great hope in Obama , which is indicative of widespread foolishness regarding the power of Presidents , a foolishness that extends back to the New Deal .
The government is becoming irrational , as top - down , tax - subsidized operations always do .
The government suffers few negative sanctions for its blunders .
It bails itself out , just as it bails out its support institutions , the banks .
The public has no systematic explanation for this irrationality , but the fact can no longer be concealed .
The price of skepticism is falling .
The Web has undermined the ability of the intellectuals to contain skepticism .
The economists ’ rule is correct : “ As prices fall , more is demanded . ”
The price of skepticism is falling .
The representative case was Matt Drudge ’s exposure of the decision of Newsweek to spike the Monica Lewinsky story in 1998 .
The digital floodgates opened .
PONZI ECONOMICS
The central fact of every Ponzi scheme is that the targeted victims keep rolling over their on - paper earnings .
If they would cash in these earnings , the scheme would collapse long before it rose to front - page status .
The scheme would not spread far .
But people say “ let it ride . ”
They look at their above - market earnings and let the promoter keep the money owed to them .
The Ponzi operator has only one profitable way out : to move to a country with no extradition treaty with the United States .
Other than this , the Ponzi scheme ’s designer will get caught .
The scheme will fail .
Yet promoters keep designing new ones .
Because the Federal government ’s various Ponzi schemes are compulsory , the victims cannot withdraw their money .
Also , new participants are compelled by law to buy into the scheme .
So , the original players did do well .
Ida Fuller paid $ 24.75 into Social Security , retired in 1940 , and pulled almost $ 23,000 out of it before she died in 1975 .
It was a sweet deal for her .
It was a sweet deal for politicians who spent Social Security excess revenues .
They bought the votes that kept them in power .
But those days are drawing to a close .
The Ponzi schemes are now a major source of employment .
Think of the health care industry .
The schemes are keeping the unemployment rate from climbing .
They are still vaguely trusted , not because the optimists have looked at the figures , but because they have n’t .
They do not intend to .
To examine the numbers would point out that they have been conned .
This would make them look foolish in their own eyes .
People will do whatever is required to avoid such self - inventorying .
The main thing that is required is to suspend disbelief .
The media and the government systematically exploit this widespread moral weakness .
But reality eventually intrudes .
The people eventually come back to the parking lot , tickets in hand , demanding their cars .
Maybe Geithner will be in another line of work , just as Paulson is .
But his replacement will have to face the ticket - holders .
What will he tell them ?
How will he explain that their cars were sold to China ?
China ’s central bank holds more marketable tickets than anyone else does .
Chinese officials still act as though they believe the Ponzi game has years to go .
One of them recently announced that China trusts the dollar and has no use for gold .
That means that China is preparing to unload the dollar to buy gold .
The question is this : timing .
The Chinese central bank can not get out of its pile of IOU ’s .
It can get out of some of them .
It is operating its own Ponzi scheme , namely , telling urban workers that there will be plenty of employment because of Western purchases of goods .
The average Chinese worker does not ask this : “ What would China ’s standard of living be if Chinese , rather than Americans , were spending the newly created yuan ? ”
Economics is not widely understood .
The average worker sees only the assembly line and his monthly paycheck .
He associates the two .
He wants the assembly line ’s belt to keep moving .
He does n’t care who buys his output , just so long as someone with money does .
The central bank then creates the new money .
CONCLUSION
Think of Timothy Geithner as Ferris Bueller ’s valet .
Ferris was not driving his own car .
He was driving his buddy ’s father ’s car .
The valet was not driving his own car .
All it took for the valet to have a swell afternoon was to hand Ferris a ticket .
The movie was a delightful male fantasy .
We knew it was fantasy , from start to finish .
Yet the key fact of the entire script was an objective fact : the mileage on the car ’s speedometer .
That was objective reality .
It could not be escaped .
They tried to reverse reality by putting the car on a stand and putting the transmission in reverse .
When the stand tipped over , the car went out the back of the garage and smashed into the yard below .
Ferris had a great day .
His buddy had to face his father alone .
We are never told what his father did or said .
The movie implies that the father deserved everything he got — or had taken away .
The car was forever ruined .
There was a price to pay for Ferris Bueller ’s day off .
The script writers did what they could to keep this fact from occurring to anyone .
So does Timothy Geithner .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetuer adipiscing elit .
Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor .
Aenean massa .
Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes , nascetur ridiculus mus .
Donec quam felis , ultricies nec , pellentesque eu , pretium quis , sem .
Nulla consequat massa quis enim .
Donec pede justo , fringilla vel , aliquet nec , vulputate eget , arcu .
In enim justo , rhoncus ut , imperdiet a , venenatis vitae , justo .
Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium .
Integer tincidunt .
Cras dapibus .
Vivamus elementum semper nisi .
Aenean vulputate eleifend tellus .
Aenean leo ligula , porttitor eu , consequat vitae , eleifend ac , enim .
Aliquam lorem ante , dapibus in , viverra quis , feugiat a , tellus .
Phasellus viverra nulla ut metus varius laoreet .
Quisque rutrum .
Aenean imperdiet .
Etiam ultricies nisi vel augue .
Curabitur ullamcorper ultricies nisi .
Nam eget dui .
Etiam rhoncus .
Maecenas tempus , tellus eget condimentum rhoncus , sem quam semper libero , sit amet adipiscing sem neque sed ipsum .
Nam quam nunc , blandit vel , luctus pulvinar , hendrerit id , lorem .
Maecenas nec odio et ante tincidunt tempus .
Donec vitae sapien ut libero venenatis faucibus .
Nullam quis ante .
Etiam sit amet orci eget eros faucibus tincidunt .
Duis leo .
Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh .
Donec sodales sagittis magna .
Sed consequat , leo eget bibendum sodales , augue velit cursus nunc ,
If This Be Sedition , Make the Most of It
You know things have taken a weird turn when liberals start sounding like members of the American Legion .
There are some words I just do n’t use , because you ca n’t use them without sounding like a goddamned Republican .
And “ sedition ” is one of them .
Sara Robinson , a fellow at Campaign for America ’s Future who also writes for David Neiwert ’s blog , has a column out accusing the anti-government Right of sedition .
Well , sort of , anyway .
It ’s hard to tell , because her column is–ahem–less than perfectly coherent .
In some places she says that only groups like the Hutaree have crossed the line to actual sedition ( defined as “ creating a revolt , disturbance , or violence against lawful civil authority with the intent to cause its overthrow or destruction ” ) by planning violent attacks on the government .
And she tries to make it clear that even advocating the overthrow of the government , as such , is protected speech .
Only overt acts meet the standard of actual sedition .
But her statement of principle is obviously only a tip of the hat .
If she stuck to the line that only those engaged in actual violence were guilty of sedition , and that advocating the overthrow of the government was protected speech , it would undermine the whole point–which is to hit the anti-government Right over the head with the word “ sedition . ”
She does this by arguing that , even if they ’re not technically guilty of actual sedition , and even if their anti-government rhetoric is technically protected speech , they ’re still morally culpable for creating an atmosphere that facilitates sedition by “ systematically delegitimizing the very idea of US government . ”
They “ mismanage and defund ” government when in power , refuse to participate in good faith in governing when out of power , attempt to “ thwart the democratic process , ” and resort to polarizing rhetoric that makes the country ungovernable .
All this , Robinson says , is “ sedition in slow motion , a gradual corrosive undermining of the government ’s authority and capability to run the country . ”
What ’s more , that ’s been “ at the core of their politics going all the way back to Goldwater . ”
In other words , despite all her disclaimers , Robinson considers even those engaged in Goldwater ’s level of anti-government rhetoric as guilty –even if not technically and legally –at least morally of sedition .
What ’s more , even using the language of “ populist revolt ” is an appeal to sedition .
Robinson intends for “ Progressives ” to draw a line in the sand , and to demand the anti-Big Gummint voices on the Republican Right either explicitly avow their intention to overthrow the United States government by force ( and “ follow through , and face the charges ” ) , or stop using the language of populist revolt altogether .
“ They ’re either Americans , committed to working in good faith within the democratic process to create our common future ; or else they ’re seditionists in intention or fact–and thus enemies of the state , plain and simple . ”
I think the term Robinson ’s actually looking for is “ seditious libel ” : language that tends to defame , discredit , criticize , impugn , embarrass , challenge , or question the government , its policies , or its officials .
And that ’s clearly the kind of language , coming from the Right , that Robinson treats as seditious in spirit .
In this , she puts herself in good company with previous enemies of sedition : blue - nose , powdered - wig conservatives like John Adams , and the know - nothing Legionnaires and Red Squads who rounded up Wobblies and Socialists during the War Hysteria under Woodrow Wilson .
In both cases , they were guilty of calling into question the legitimacy of the state , using language that called it into disrepute , undermining the moral authority needed to carry out its policies , and in some cases directly impeding the execution of those policies .
In the pink - ass , “ Why Mommy is a Democrat , ” suburban world of most mainstream liberals , apparently , the bounds of permissible non-seditious discourse are pretty limited .
It does n’t take much of a deviation from plain vanilla - flavored , managerial - professional centrism to qualify one as an extremist–at least when liberals are in power .
My , how things have changed .
Back in August 2006 Keith Olbermann , in response to Rumsfeld ’s suggestion that critics of the Iraq war were “ disloyal , ” warned that the country was threatened by “ a new type of fascism ” : “ This is a Democracy .
Still .
Sometimes just barely … .
The confusion is about whether this Secretary of Defense , and this Administration , are in fact now accomplishing what they claim the terrorists seek : The destruction of our freedoms … ”
That sounds pretty damned seditious .
He was n’t just disagreeing with the wisdom of the government ’s policy ; he was attacking the very motives and intentions of those at the helm of the state , accusing them of encompassing the desruction of our freedoms .
Now Olbermann ’s the one throwing around the word “ treason ” just about every time you turn on his show .
Just in passing , it ’s amazing how Olbermann et al have mirrored the Right , in de-radicalizing the American Revolution and its aftermath , turning it into just another patriotic foreign war against Britain rather than a seditious overthrow of the legitimate government authority here at home .
Regardless of what Chris Matthews says , the Gadsden Flag was n’t just aimed at a “ foreign enemy , ” as opposed to governments here at home .
And regardless of what Mark Potok says , Jefferson ’s remarks about the Tree of Liberty and blood of tyrants did n’t just refer to participating in the political process to change the government .
The problem with Robinson ’s standard of seditious libel is , it hits me way too close to where I live on the Left .
See , I constantly engage–and the people I admire most on the Left have engaged–in casting doubt on the legitimacy and moral authority of the state .
For example : if you read the books by William Blum and Noam Chomsky on the history of U.S. foreign policy , it becomes pretty clear that the atrocities and crimes against humanity were n’t just “ mistakes ” or “ excesses ” that sometimes occurred in the execution of a policy whose primary goal was to promote peace and human freedom ; the aims of the policies themselves were crimes against humanity .
The foreign policies of the U.S. government , throughout the 20th century and right up to today , were the policies of a class state–a state serving as executive committee of the corporate ruling class .
The wars of the U.S. government have all been fought in the primary interest of a corporate system of world order .
As Howard Zinn put it : “ there has always been , and is today , a profound conflict of interest between the government and the people of the United States . ”
Now if that does n’t qualify as undermining the moral authority of the U.S. government , calling its legitimacy into question , I do n’t know what does .
When Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler , USMC , ret. , said he ’d been a high - class muscle man , a racketeer , a global enforcer for American corporate interests , either he met Robinson ’s standard for the “ moral equivalent of sedition , ” or no one does .
And speaking of Zinn , his People ’s History of the United States is packed from beginning to end with examples of how the U.S. government has functioned , not as an instrument for “ all of us working together , ” not as an instrument of the “ national interest ” or “ general welfare , ” but as a class state whose main purpose has been to enable the people who own the country to feed off of those who live and work in it .
Glen Greenwald , writing of the recent video on WikiLeaks of American troops gleefully slaughtering civilians in Iraq , pointed out that the slaugher was “ not an aberration ” : “ it ’s par for the course , standard operating procedure , what we do in wars , invasions , and occupation .
The only thing that ’s rare about the Apache helicopter killings is that we know about it and are seeing what happened on video . ”
And as with previous cases , in which “ bad apples ” like William Calley or Lynndie England took the fall , the real criminals –the real monsters–are soft - spoken , unassuming men with manicured fingernails , sitting in tastefully appointed offices at the highest levels of power .
I do n’t see how one can publicly acknowledge this without falling afoul of Robinson ’s standard of seditious libel .
Because the fact of the matter is , the U.S. government has pursued evil ends , has served the desire of wicked men for unearned wealth , and left a monstrous trail of blood and devastation in so doing .
The U.S. government has lied and manipulated the American people into war after war to meet manufactured foreign “ threats , ” when the real “ threat ” it had in mind was the threat to global corporate power .
It has overthrown democratically elected governments whose main crime was land reform .
It has backed military coups and military torturers , including the domino chain of coups Kissinger instigated in South America , and provided fraternal aid to terrorist death squads , with the blood of millions of innocent people on the hands of every American president since at least the mid-20th century .
When the U.S. government acts on the side of wickedness , I cheerfully admit to being on the side of those who obstruct and thwart the execution of its criminal policies .
When the Wobblies organized West Coast longshoremen to obstruct the shipping of materiel to Iraq , I cheered them on .
And if either Bush or Obama had launched a military attack on Iran or Venezuela , I ’d have wished for Sunburn missiles to sink every carrier group involved to the bottom of the ocean .
That ’s the problem : I do n’t know of any standard of seditious libel , of undermining the legitimacy and moral authority of the United States government , that would n’t catch me , Chomsky , Zinn and Greenwald in the net , along with all those right - wingers .
We live under a class state , a system of class rule , and the machinery of the corporate state serves the interests of that class rule .
“ Moderates ” and “ centrists , ” by definition , are those who accept that system as fundamentally legitimate in all its essentials , and just want to tinker around the edges of corporate rule without altering its fundamental nature .
I refuse to accept it as legitimate , or to play nice within the lines of acceptable discourse that Robinson draws .
If this be sedition , then make the most of it .
Addendum .
Reason Magazine ’s Jesse Walker brought this Sara Robinson quote to my attention ( from “ Fascist America : Are We There Yet ? ” ) :
“ All through the dark years of the Bush Administration , progressives watched in horror as Constitutional protections vanished , nativist rhetoric ratcheted up , hate speech turned into intimidation and violence , and the president of the United States seized for himself powers only demanded by history ’s worst dictators .
With each new outrage , the small handful of us who ’d made ourselves experts on right - wing culture and politics would hear once again from worried readers :
Is this it ?
Have we finally become a fascist state ?
Are we there yet ? ”
Accusing the Bush administration of seizing dictatorial power , conspiring in a fascist alliance with terroristic brownshirt elements of the population , etc … .
Sounds pretty damned seditious to me .
It certainly seems like something that would poison the well , and undermine the government ’s moral authority and ability to govern .
And it sounds like something she ’d call seditious if Michelle Bachmann said it about Obama .
But maybe it depends on who ’s making the accusation , or on whether the accusation is “ true ” or not , rather than on the material substance and tone of the accusation itself .
IOKIYAAL ( It ’s OK If You Are A Liberal ) ?
For the record , I was afraid the Bush administration was enthusiastically seizing dictatorial powers , and that the demographic elements that went on to form the Tea Party base really were more prone to eliminationist rhetoric , authoritarianism and violence than liberal Democrats .
I believe I described them in a previous column as seeming likely to bite the heads off of snakes or start speaking in tongues .
And for the record , I find Obama a lot less scary than Bush .
He ’s left most of the bureaucratic apparatus of dictatorial executive power in place , and shown a lot less enthusiasm about dismantling it after the election than he was before .
But he seems a lot less into it than Bush and especially Cheney , if you know what I mean–especially compared to Cheney , who really did seem all gung ho for asserting dictatorial claims like Charles I before the Civil War .
And as I ’ve indicated before , I find the people at “ townhall meetings ” about “ fascism ” and “ Marxism ” and “ death panels ” quite distasteful .
But that ’s all beside the point .
If accusations of a certain nature are out of bounds , they ’re out of bounds for everybody .
Either Mrs. Robinson must alter her definitions of “ extremism ” and “ sedition ” to allow broad attacks on the basic intentions and trustworthiness of those controlling the state , or she is hoist by her own petard .
Nvidia did not reveal the names of phone makers adopting Tegra 2 chips
An Nvidia executive on Wednesday said smartphones with the company 's low - power Tegra 2 chips will become available in the fourth quarter this year .
The launch of phones will come under a year after the mobile chips were officially announced , said Mike Rayfield , general manager for the mobile business unit at Nvidia , during a speech at the company 's financial analyst day in Santa Clara , California , which was webcast .
Rayfield did not reveal the names of phone makers adopting Tegra 2 chips .
However , he said that more than 50 original design manufacturers and device makers are building products around the chips .
Nvidia first said that it was developing low - power Tegra 2 chips for smartphones in December .
A company spokesman , Ken Brown , on Wednesday said the company had n't published specifications of the Tegra 2 chips for smartphones yet .
However , the chips would " bring the complete Web to the smartphone space " while offering long battery life , Brown said .
Earlier this year Nvidia officially announced dual - core Tegra 2 chips for mobile devices with between 5 - and 15 - inch screens , including low - cost laptops and tablets .
Nvidia said the chips would be four times faster than their predecessors .
The first Tegra 2 tablets will reach the market in the third quarter this year , Rayfield said .
Known as a graphics card vendor , Nvidia brings advanced graphics to mobile devices such as smartphones and low - cost laptops with the low - power Tegra chips .
Tegra 2 chips put an Arm - based processor core , a GeForce graphics core and other components on a single chip .
Tegra 2 succeeds the original Tegra chips that power devices including Microsoft 's Zune HD and Samsung 's M1 .
I went last night to a marvellous talk by an American anthropologist who has been studying Californian charismatic Christians .
Tanya Luhrmann 's enquiry into how these people construct their idea of God will result in a book eventually , but in the meantime her talk on her work with the Vineyard churches was full of insight , sympathy , and deadpan humour .
The Vineyard churches are a loose international network of mostly white , mostly middle class , very charismatic churches .
They are n't exactly fundamentalist but they see the Holy Spirit everywhere and talk to God every day .
They were the source of the " Toronto Blessing " - a craze which swept through the English charismatic network in the 90s where people fell on the floor and made animal noises .
Luhrmann is interested in how you get to talk to God like this .
After all , most churches for most of history , have n't done anything like that .
Her answer is that you need a certain kind of temperament , one which makes you good at make - believe , and then you need to work at it .
The personality traits which make it easiest to talk to God are those measured on the Tellegen absorption scale , which she summarises as the ability to focus attention on a non-instrumental subject : in other words , some thought interesting for its own sake , whether or not it is obviously useful .
It 's the facility you need to construct compelling daydreams .
If you have this talent , or temperament , in the first place , these churches will nourish it .
By treating God as real , you come to detect his presence more easily ; and the God for whom the are searching is one just like another person .
" People learn about God by mapping onto
Him what they know about persons ; then they map back what they suppose about God onto the world around them . "
All this activity is the subject of tremendous social reinforcement .
These are not Sunday only churches .
Members can fill their lives with meetings with other members – and with God .
" They pay constant attention to what 's going on in their minds .
They are constantly looking at their thoughts and images .
It 's a social shaping of what you would imagine to be a private space in their minds .
" It is striking " , she said " Just how explicit is the invitation to suspend belief " .
Some churches urge people to pour a second cup of coffee for God at the breakfast table ; some members would invite God for dinner , and lay a place for him .
One woman would have " Date nights " with God , where she would go into the park and sit on a bench with him , eating a sandwich .
All this takes time , and effort , and it does n't work for everyone .
She said that in her own participation in a prayer circle ( " I hoped to get a book out of it ; they hoped to get a soul " ) her own , agnostic experience was not that different from that of the believers around her .
" These things are very powerful , and very real , but it is very very hard to have god come close .
Still , there is no question that if you can walk this walk it will make you happier and more cheerful . "
Related to this is the interesting point that their faith in God , and their experience of him , is often actually strengthened by the failure of prayer .
The members of these churches believe two things about God : that he can give you anything he wants , and that he stands beside you in your disappointments .
So the failure of prayer can lead to a deeper experience of God , and this is more valuable than the success of the haircut you prayed for .
All this sounds like reasons entirely to dismiss the experience as obvious make - believe or hallucination which anyone could be reasoned out of .
There are two parts to her story which make that more difficult .
She herself says it 's not her job , as an anthropologist , to comment on the truth of the beliefs she studies , but that she is perfectly comfortable with the possible reality of the supernatural .
A friend you can see only in your imagination need not be an imaginary friend .
But what is clear is first that the voices people hear , and the sights they sometimes see from God are very different to the delusions of psychotics .
The sudden quiet voice , interpreted as that of God , is very common – about half of the students in her classes have heard them at least once ( as I have , for what it 's worth ) .
But they are brief , rare , and , though startling , not disturbing .
The voices that people here in psychosis are none of those things .
They talk a lot , and often , and their content is often upsetting and hostile .
The second point is that " This kind of god that seems so primitive is in fact the product of a plural , sceptical , society . "
For many people the liberal god who works no miracles has failed .
These practices make the personal god of the Vineyard churches immediately present and available .
The concentration on experience invites derision but disarms it at the same time : " God is special and more real than real , so that their experience is in some sense protected from the scepticism which members of these churches encounter every day . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama hosted exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama at the White House Thursday , drawing an angry reaction from China and risking further damage to strained Sino - U.S. ties .
Raising issues that quickly stoked China ’s ire , Obama used his first presidential meeting with the Dalai Lama to press Beijing , under international criticism for its Tibet policies , to preserve Tibetan identity and respect human rights there .
Obama sat down with the Dalai Lama -- who is reviled by the Chinese government as a dangerous separatist but admired by many around the world as a man of peace -- in the face of wider tensions over U.S. weapons sales to Taiwan , China ’s currency practices and Internet censorship .
While defying Beijing ’s demands to scrap the talks and showing a willingness to irritate an increasingly assertive China , the White House took pains to keep the encounter low - key , barring media coverage of the meeting .
But it later posted a photo on its official website of the two men side by side in conversation .
Beijing clearly was not placated , saying it was “ strongly dissatisfied ” about the meeting and expected Washington to take steps to put bilateral relations back on a healthy course .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said the meeting between Obama and the Dalai Lama “ violated the U.S. government ’s repeated acceptance that Tibet is a part of China and it does not support Tibetan independence . ”
Beijing did not threaten retaliation and its response was in line with past denunciations of U.S. dealings with the Dalai Lama .
But the visit could complicate Obama ’s efforts to secure China ’s help on key issues such as imposing tougher sanctions on Iran and forging a new global accord on climate change .
Senior Chinese military officers recently had proposed their country possibly sell part of its huge stockpile of U.S. bonds to punish Washington for the a proposed $ 6.4 billion arms sale to Taiwan , which China considers a renegade province .
“ The thought process is definitely there , and it ’s worrying , ” said T.J. Marta , president of Marta on the Markets , a financial research firm in Scotch Plains , New Jersey ,
China did in fact reduce its holdings of U.S. Treasuries to $ 755.4 billion in November , seen by some analysts as a sign of protest at U.S. policies .
But with China ranked as the United States ’s second - biggest creditor to the United States , White House economic adviser Larry Summers played down the significance of Beijing ’s $ 34 billion paring - back of its portfolio .
Adding to tensions , Obama vowed recently to address currency issues with Beijing and to “ get much tougher ” with China on trade .
Washington complains that China keeps its currency undervalued , hurting the competitiveness of American goods .
OBAMA PRAISE FOR DALAI LAMA
After the 70 - minute meeting , the White House said Obama “ commended the Dalai Lama ’s ... commitment to nonviolence and his pursuit of dialogue with the Chinese government . ”
Obama encouraged China and the Dalai Lama ’s envoys to keep up efforts to resolve their differences through negotiations , despite recent talks having yielded little progress .
The White House said Obama and the Dalai Lama also “ agreed on the importance of a positive and cooperative relationship between the United States and China . ”
Speaking later to reporters at his hotel , the Dalai Lama , who fled his homeland in 1959 , insisted , “ We are fully committed to remain in the People ’s Republic of China . ”
But he reiterated his longstanding call for “ meaningful autonomy . ”
Slideshow ( 10 images )
The United States says it accepts Tibet is part of China but wants Beijing to address differences over the region ’s future .
With the U.S. and Chinese economies so deeply intertwined , tensions are considered unlikely to escalate into outright confrontation .
The White House expects only limited fallout .
By going ahead with the meeting over Chinese objections , Obama may have wanted to show his resolve against Beijing after facing criticism at home for being too soft with China ’s leaders on his trip there in November .
On the eve of the Dalai Lama ’s visit , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs insisted the United States and China -- the world ’s largest and third - biggest economies -- have a “ mature relationship ” capable of withstanding disagreements .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
FOCUS ON TIBET
Honoring the Dalai Lama and focusing on Tibet ’s plight could still help Obama burnish his credentials among human rights activists , who say he has focused on global issues with Beijing at the expense of promoting Chinese reforms .
China , which cracked down on unrest in Tibet in 2008 , has accused Washington of meddling in its internal affairs .
“ The president stated his strong support for the preservation of Tibet ’s unique religious , cultural and linguistic identity and the protection of human rights for Tibetans in the People ’s Republic of China , ” the White House said .
Mindful of Chinese sensitivities , the White House sought to strike a balance in the Dalai Lama ’s visit .
It came at a time when China was still fuming over a U.S. plan to sell $ 6.4 billion in arms to Taiwan , which China considers a renegade province .
Obama delayed meeting the Dalai Lama until after first seeing Chinese leaders during his Asia trip last year .
During Thursday ’s visit , Obama -- like his White House predecessors -- denied the Dalai Lama the symbolism of meeting in the Oval Office .
Instead they met in the lesser - known Map Room .
Such distinctions signaled to Beijing that the Tibetan monk was not being received as a political leader .
China has become bolder , spurred not only by its economic clout but a sense in Beijing that the global economic crisis exposed the weakness of U.S. - style capitalism .
Hey there , this is a Custom Domain from Bitly
The link you clicked may not be working
Please make sure the link you clicked on or typed contains letters or numbers after the forward - slash ( “ / ” ) .
This Custom Domain is currently associated with a Bitly account .
Want to create your own custom branded links with Bitly ?
Visit here to learn more , or fill out the form to discover how a branded domain can help you grow clicks by 34 % !
( CNN ) -- Leave it to " The Simpsons " to kick off Holy Week with a zinger .
Christians observe this as a sacred time marking Jesus ' journey in Jerusalem from Palm Sunday to Easter , and many treat it with reverence by attending services , singing hymns and offering prayers .
None likely would picture the one they deem their savior in the form of Homer Simpson .
In " The Greatest Story Ever D'ohed , " the latest episode of the long - running Fox sitcom , which aired Sunday , The Simpsons set off to Israel on a church mission .
They go at the urging of neighbor and devout Christian Ned Flanders , who thought a dose of the Holy Land would bring Homer much - needed salvation .
No surprise , this plan did n't go well .
Among the family 's foibles and offenses , Homer became delusional and believed he was the " chosen one , " destined to bring Muslims , Jews and Christians together .
Diagnosed with " Jerusalem syndrome , " he called himself the " Messiah " and proposed the new faith of " Chrismujews , " a religion that would praise both peace and chicken .
This storyline , while certainly creative and twisted in the classic Simpsons way , is rooted in something real .
At Kfar Shaul Mental Health Center in Jerusalem , doctors have long studied patients with a psychiatric disorder they call Jerusalem syndrome , a very rare condition in which tourists -- on average one or two a month -- become so overwhelmed with the power of the place that they dissociate from reality and believe themselves to be biblical figures .
" I fully understand the people who are skeptical about it , " said psychiatrist Gregory Katz , who directs the emergency unit at Kfar Shaul .
" If I had n't seen it myself , I also would be very skeptical .
But you can't deny what you really see . "
While psychiatrists outside of the center debate the syndrome 's existence , Katz estimated that during the past 25 years , he and his colleagues have admitted more than 450 cases .
Katz told the story of a man from the Midwest who was found in the Old City of Jerusalem wearing a white robe and claiming to be the Apostle Paul .
He was arrested by police and brought to Kfar Shaul after he tried to force observant Jews and Muslims to follow his ways and beliefs -- an effort that " really caused some disturbances , " Katz said .
Then there was the naked German found wandering in the Judean Desert .
He believed he was John the Baptist and attempted to baptize strangers .
The biggest challenge with him , Katz said , was that he had no identifying documents when Palestinian police got hold of him and called Kfar Shaul for help .
The unusual syndrome can be divided into two categories .
The first , which Katz called " pure " Jerusalem syndrome , is what afflicted the tourists he mentioned .
In these cases , patients found in robes , wrapped in hotel bedsheets or wearing nothing at all have no history of mental illness .
The intense break from reality includes agitation , the desire to separate from one 's tour group or family , an obsession with cleanliness , wearing white and the need to preach , share hymns and march to holy places , according to a paper Katz co-authored with colleagues in 2000 for the British Journal of Psychiatry .
Such bouts of pure Jerusalem syndrome last less than a week , and the patients by all counts emerge mortified .
Though no one can say with certainty why a tourist suddenly turns into a would - be Messiah , prophet or Virgin Mary ( the most popular character for women ) , Katz offered a theory .
In general , the patients are highly religious Christian pilgrims -- Protestant , not Catholic , he said .
Most come from rural communities , are not well - traveled and tend to be in their 40s .
They arrive in Israel , often their first trip abroad , with an idealized view of Jerusalem formed through years of devout Bible study .
And while it is a holy city , the reality includes traffic jams , omnipresent cell phones , political tensions and security guards outside cafes .
Unable to reconcile their long - held idyllic vision with the tough reality , they have a temporary psychotic break .
These " pure " syndrome cases account for about 10 to 15 percent of all incidents , Katz said .
The rest , which he described as cases of " superimposed " Jerusalem syndrome , involve patients who've had a history of psychotic illness and often arrive in Israel with a specific mission and delusions about their power and influence .
In these cases , when the patients are tourists , the doctors at Kfar Shaul stabilize them so they can go home and be treated in their own countries .
One example would be " Samson , " the body - building American tourist who came to Jerusalem determined to move one of the ancient enormous stones in the Western , or Wailing , Wall .
He suffered from paranoid schizophrenia and after being calmed down with medications at Kfar Shaul , he was escorted home by his father , according to the paper co-authored in 2000 by Katz and others .
Another extreme case that people have pointed to over the years is that of an Australian Christian fundamentalist who in 1969 set fire to the Al - Aqsa Mosque on the Temple Mount of Jerusalem 's Old City .
He said he needed to rebuild the ancient temple to help usher in Jesus ' return .
He was brought to trial , declared insane and deported .
David Koresh , the Branch Davidian sect leader who died in a 1993 raid on his Waco , Texas , compound , reportedly had the syndrome at one point , Katz said , although Koresh 's visit to Israel predated Katz 's arrival .
The late psychiatrist Yair Bar - El , whom Katz worked with , told Gershom Gorenberg , then writing for The Jerusalem Report , that Kfar Shaul once housed three Virgin Marys at the same time .
And he told Judith Fein , in a radio interview for The Savvy Traveler , about an experiment in which he put two " Messiahs " in the same room .
After an hour , Bar - El told Fein , each said , " I am the real Messiah .
He 's an imposter . "
Israel receives millions of tourists each year -- 2.7 million in 2009 , according to a Tourism Ministry spokeswoman .
About 54 percent are Christian , 39 percent are Jewish and the rest either identify with another religion or are unaffiliated .
With only one or two being afflicted with Jerusalem syndrome a month , she said , the strange phenomenon is not something that concerns her office .
And though Jerusalem is certainly unique in terms of its religious weight and influence , Katz said it 's not the only tourist destination that can give people a strange psychiatric bug :
In Italy , art lovers who visit Florence can suffer Stendhal syndrome , a psychotic reaction to the details of masterpieces .
The Vatican has just lent its greatest counter - reformation altarpiece , Caravaggio's Entombment , to the artist 's anniversary exhibition in Rome , but it would be surprising if Pope Benedict XVI made the short journey to the Quirinal Palace to enjoy the show .
It 's not so much that the artist was a homicidal genius denounced by near - contemporaries as an anti-Christ who had come to destroy painting – Caravaggio received a papal pardon for his capital crime , and most art crimes are a matter of aesthetics , which are debateable .
It is more that he first made his name in Rome by creating the sexiest boy pictures ever made .
Several were commissioned by a cardinal who , like the artist , may have been a pederast , while others were acquired by another cardinal ( the pope 's nephew ) who was probably homosexual .
It is 400 years since the squalid , lonely death of Caravaggio , and the one - time fugitive from justice and serial malefactor is now revered as a supreme cultural hero .
As with Van Gogh , Pollock and Bacon , Caravaggio's fame is fuelled by the seeming symmetry between his tempestuous life and his raw , revolutionary art .
He is routinely called the first modern artist .
Fifty years ago an art historian said anyone would be forgiven for thinking that Caravaggio 's contribution to civilisation lay somewhere between Aristotle and Lenin ; now we could throw in Nietzsche and the Marquis de Sade .
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio ( 1571 -1610 ) was born into a prosperous family in the small town of Caravaggio , near Milan .
His father Fermo worked as a builder and architect .
Caravaggio was apprenticed to a former pupil of Titian in Milan , but left for Rome in 1592 .
A pilgrimage to the Eternal City to study modern and ancient masters was de rigueur for an aspiring artist , but Caravaggio may have left after a brush with the law .
In Rome he was a dogsbody , moving between studios , barely eking out a living , with some of his pictures sold on the street by hawkers .
He specialised in portraiture and a novel north European genre : still life .
The prevailing period style is now known as mannerism – busy , diffuse compositions featuring idealised figures in complex pseudo - Michelangelesque poses ; saccharine colour schemes ; plunging perspectives .
But by the end of the century Roman art was becoming marginally more naturalistic , with a greater emphasis on clarity , cogency , human drama and emotion .
Caravaggio both created and exploited this taste for naturalism .
His breakthrough came with freshly coloured and luridly lit genre paintings with one or more half - length figures of imposing scale .
They were modelled from life using friends , lovers , street - people , gypsies , prostitutes – and his own swarthy self .
These low - lifers co-existed with dazzling still lives .
Caravaggio's iconoclastic credo was that it is as difficult to paint a good picture of flowers as it is to paint figures .
He caught the eye of the supremely cultured Cardinal Francesco Maria Del Monte – a lover of music and alchemy , and friend of Galileo – who made him a salaried retainer .
A stunning sequence of single , seated good - time boys interacting with prominent still - life elements are a double - edged homage to his great namesake Michelangelo Buonarrotti .
These sybarites could almost be Michelangelo 's Sistine ceiling ignudi brought down to earth , fashioned from high - blush flesh and blessed with dirty fingernails .
Whereas the ignudi hold or marshal bunches of acorns ( papal symbols ) and make movements that are sublimely indeterminate , Caravaggio's own semi-clad figures knowingly proffer or pose with fruit and drink , implicating the viewer .
Two represent Bacchus , the wine god .
Boy Bitten By a Lizard ( c1593 -94 ) is gently moralising , mildly titillating .
A curly - haired , plump - lipped boy with a white rose in his hair reaches forward to grab some cherries and gets nipped by a lurking lizard on the middle finger of his right hand : the would - be biter of ( forbidden ? ) fruit gets bitten .
His white , toga - style shirt peels off from his right shoulder , which has jerked upwards into his cheek , seemingly dislocated by the shock .
Raking light from the upper left slaps his shoulder and face .
What sweet sadism !
The lizard bite ( neither poisonous nor dangerous ) serves to intensify rather than jeopardise the boy 's beauty , by opening up his face and torso and by exposing a charming vulnerability that elicits amused and erotic compassion rather than revulsion .
His flailing fingers pluck the air like those of the sultry boy musician in The Lute - Player ( 1595 - 96 ) painted for Del Monte .
Both seductive and scary , these haunting creatures are ancestors of what the gay writer and film director Pier Paolo Pasolini called ragazzi di vita – boys of life .
Caravaggio's transformation from a stylish genre painter whose works were prized by cultivated connoisseurs to a great and popular religious dramatist is as sudden as it is unexpected ( at a much lower artistic level , it 's as if Jeff Koons morphed into Francis Bacon ) .
Caravaggio's first church contract , for three pictures on the life of St Matthew in the Contarelli Chapel , was signed in July 1599 , thanks to Del Monte 's string - pulling .
It was unveiled a year later to huge acclaim , and Caravaggio never again lacked for prestigious church commissions , even after his flight from Rome in 1606 having killed a man in a sword - fight .
He painted only two more genre pictures .
Wherever he went , local artists aped his style .
In The Calling of St Matthew , the main action , as in all Caravaggio 's pictures , is uncomfortably close .
It takes place at the front of a shallow stage blocked off behind by a dark featureless expanse ( in this case a wall ) .
Caravaggio still uses fashionably dressed figures who could have stepped out of one of his genre scenes , yet their pretensions are stripped bare by men with a different dress code , and armed only with light .
Matthew the foppish tax - collector sits at a table counting his money or gambling with rakish male friends and colleagues .
At stage left , Christ and Peter have shuffled in , shoeless and dressed in drab togas .
They 're an odd couple .
Peter stands weak - kneed right in front of Christ , practically pushing him to the wall .
Of Christ , we glimpse only the noble head , a bare foot and raised right hand , which points in the direction of the fashionistas .
This hand is strangely floppy ( the limpest of the three pointing hands in the picture ) , and is an allusion to the languid hand of Michelangelo 's Adam .
It is surely meant to be like the hand of a spear thrower relaxed after release , for a blade of light passes diagonally overhead , angling towards its target of Matthew 's face .
The ambushed victim points quizzically to himself , as if to say : " Who , me ?
Why me ? "
Caravaggio is justly regarded as the master of chiaroscuro , creating mood , emphasis and relief by contrasts of light and dark .
This was part of his Milanese heritage , for Leonardo da Vinci had lived and worked there a century earlier : Caravaggio would have studied his Madonna of the Rocks altarpiece , now in the National Gallery .
But whereas Leonardo tried to soften the transitions , Caravaggio 's contrasts of colour and light are aggressively hard - edged , almost heraldic in their geometrical clarity and frontality , and played out over dark , skyless backgrounds .
Rubens , Rembrandt and Velázquez were all profoundly influenced , just as , more recently , were countless photographers and film - directors .
The bold immediacy of Caravaggio's Roman pictures owes as much to his method of painting directly from the live model at speed without making preparatory drawings .
He incised the main outlines into his darkly painted grounds .
For his multi- figure compositions he may have created tableaux vivants in a blacked - out studio , using lamplight ( as re-enacted in Derek Jarman 's film Caravaggio and Simon Schama 's Power of Art ) .
The National Gallery website informs us that Caravaggio 's technique " was as spontaneous as his temper " .
Yet little is left to chance or rushes of blood .
These are not snapshots .
Most gestures and poses are slow and ritualistic rather than instinctive or off - the - cuff .
Unlike the Venetians , who had pioneered painting from the live model , Caravaggio rarely selected perfect specimens .
This perceived lack of idealisation was the most controversial aspect of his altarpieces : for some , it exemplified the counter - reformation insistence that art should give the unvarnished truth in as forceful a manner as possible ; but for artists such as Poussin , Caravaggio had gone too far and tried to destroy art by flouting decorum .
Several altarpieces were rejected or criticised by the authorities , but the rejects were instantly snapped up by private collectors .
Rubens persuaded his employer , the Duke of Mantua , to buy The Death of the Virgin ( 1601 - 03 ) , rejected because the Virgin looked too dead and was reputed to have been modelled on a drowned prostitute .
Yet Rome 's poor seem to have appreciated seeing themselves centre stage .
When the Madonna of Loreto ( c1603-06 ) was unveiled , with its bedraggled pilgrims ( one with filthy feet ) praying before the Virgin and child , it was noisily applauded .
Some of Caravaggio's proletarian imagery , and especially the flaunted dirty feet and furrowed brows , do come close to caricature .
The rejected altarpiece in the Contarelli Chapel of St Matthew and the Angel ( destroyed in Berlin in 1945 ) is a brilliantly silly example .
Matthew is a balding , burly , illiterate peasant with Artexed brow and dirty feet , one of which dangled over the altar ; the casual intimacy of his relationship with the angel who guides his writing hand does n't help matters .
It was immediately bought by a wealthy friend of Cardinal Del Monte's , who paid for Caravaggio to paint a more decorous replacement that resembled the suave and educated tax - collector in the Calling .
The " proletarianism " and sardonic humour of so much of Caravaggio 's Roman work must owe something to the Accademia della Val di Blenio , founded in Milan in 1560 .
This was an anti-establishment wining and dining club dedicated to promoting a fabricated dialect that was claimed to be the ancient language of Swiss wine porters working in Lombardy .
Members wrote burlesque literature in the rough - and - ready dialect , and in 1568 Giovan Paolo Lomazzo , a painter friend of Caravaggio 's first teacher , was appointed " Abbot " of the society .
In St Matthew and the Angel , and in many other religious works , Caravaggio has resurrected , as it were , the ancient dialect of biblical wine porters .
During the 18th and 19th centuries Caravaggio was everyone 's whipping boy – not just an iconoclast , but a heretic and even an atheist .
John Ruskin saw nothing but " horror and ugliness , and filthiness of sin " .
Of course , these vices have come to seem like exciting virtues to modern audiences , with one scholar praising Caravaggio's " derisive irony " as though he were the father of Duchamp , Dada and the spaghetti western .
When confronted by the vast tarpaulins of darkness that envelop Caravaggio 's late works , painted as he scurried around Naples , Malta and Sicily , one does wonder how far he believed in personal salvation .
The spotlighting of his great New Testament figures is forensic : it freezes and targets rather than transfigures ( he would have loved laser sighting mechanisms ) .
The professionalism of the executioners – and the lack of ministering angels – is spine - chilling .
David with the Head of Goliath was painted soon after Caravaggio had been disfigured by assassins in Naples , and not long before his death from malaria during his desperate rush to Rome for a papal pardon .
The great shepherd boy holds up the bleeding head as nonchalantly as Caravaggio's own Bacchus held out a glass of red wine ( Goliath 's head may be a self - portrait ) .
This David is not in the least bit perturbed or moved , as some critics have claimed : his decidedly phallic sword blade presses against his own groin .
Caravaggio's art can be best understood as representing a " Machiavellian moment " .
He lived in an age when the term Machiavellian had become common currency , often as a term of abuse .
But it was still granted huge explanatory force : the St Bartholomew 's day massacre of Protestants in Paris in 1572 was attributed more to Machiavellian political manoeuvrings than to religious ideology .
The metronomic intensity – and , to some extent , monotony – of Caravaggio's work stems from that fact that he is as interested in the natural and political history of religion as the spiritual history .
His David is a narcissist , opportunist and realist before he is a prophet and author of the penitential Psalms .
Central Santiago sparkled Wednesday .
Among towering skyscrapers and well - kept streets , businessmen , young locals and tourists lounged at cafes and bars .
Malls attracted shoppers and public transportation operated normally .
There was virtually no indication that one of the largest earthquakes ever recorded swept the region just four days ago .
But it was a different story on the city ’s outskirts .
Buildings , roads and bridges were damaged , and basic services came to a halt for several days .
More alarming , many said , was the social breakdown that followed in some areas of the Chilean capital after the magnitude 8.8 quake hit early Saturday .
In working - class Quilicura , a suburban municipality about half an hour ’s drive north from the city center , residents went three days without water and electricity .
Looters raided supermarkets and homes , despite the minimal damage reported in Santiago compared with other Chilean cities , especially along the coast , punished far more severely by the quake .
“ It was a wave of panic , ” said Patricia Gutierrez , 37 , as she emerged from a guarded supermarket .
“ For me it was astounding to see my neighbors like that , eyes open , ready to defend themselves . ”
Some residents said they still had no running water .
Waste piled up on sidewalks , as trash - collection services had not returned .
The prices of basic goods rose sharply in the quake ’s aftermath , further complicating the return to normality .
At a small store that sells fruits and vegetables , the price of potatoes had more than doubled .
“ We are the last ones to get services , ” said Elizabeth Meza , 42 , the store owner ’s sister .
“ They looted everything .
Everything . ”
David Ignacio , a 16 - year - old boy handling crates of carrots and cabbage , said that when trucks came to Quilicura to deliver potable water , his neighbors turned on one another .
“ With blows , with sticks , people just fought over the water , ” he said .
The quake sparked in many people an anxiety over the deep social divisions that continue to beset the country even after 20 years of center - left governments and market - oriented economics , and even in the highly developed capital .
The Santiago daily El Mercurio has run photos of small boys in Quilicura wielding knives , sticks and pieces of metal to “ defend ” their neighborhoods .
Scenes of widespread chaos in cities such as Concepcion have shocked society , said Sonia Diaz , a columnist at La Tercera newspaper .
“ The country has grown economically , but socially , in terms of education , culturally , it ’s just a skin , ” Diaz said .
“ You can see it in the social explosions in the south , in the way wealthier people in this region went in and bought up everything in the supermarkets . ”
Quilicura and its neighboring comunas , or suburbs , are dusty and unattractive places .
Many homes and apartment buildings look scraped together from different materials , and many windows and doors wear metal bars .
Graffiti covers walls , streets remain unpaved , and dogs roam about .
Even some of the residents refer to their neighborhoods as malo -- bad .
“ When you say you are from Quilicura , there ’s definitely a social connotation to that , ” said Maren Jimenez , a U.S. demographer working at the United Nations office here .
“ But the reaction to the earthquake was n’t necessarily to the quake , as much as they feel they ’re forgotten at every moment , at every turn . ”
The looting reported in Quilicura was , at least in part , a response to the area ’s marginalization by Chilean society at large .
“ Why did it take so much longer for the electricity to come back in Quilicura and not in central Santiago ?
You have to ask yourself that , ” Jimenez said .
By midweek , there were signs that people on the outskirts of Santiago were picking themselves back up .
Basic services , including cellphone coverage , were returning in Quilicura .
Mayor Juan Carrasco Contreras said that about 80 % of the residents again have electricity and running water .
“ We had some very , very difficult nights , ” he said .
“ In the darkness , for two , three nights , people felt unsafe . ”
Hernandez is a staff writer in The Times ’ Mexico City Bureau .
Times staff writer Tracy Wilkinson in Mexico City contributed to this report .
DETROIT – Between the two World Wars , the groundwork was laid in this city ’s Black community that culminated in the 1941 organizing of the world ’s most powerful corporation : the Ford Motor Company .
That piece of Detroit ’s rich labor and civil rights history was brought to life by professors Beth Bates and Quill Pettway in a Department of Africana Studies Black History Month celebration at Wayne State University here .
Bates ’ research has focused on political , social , and economic developments within the 20th century African American community .
Pettway is both a student and maker of history .
He was helped organize the huge Ford Rouge plant and continued working there for 27 years before becoming a professor .
Now almost 90 , he continues to teach math at Wayne County Community College .
The two traced the origins of Detroit ’s Black population .
Escaping what for many was life as a Southern sharecropper , Black migration north took place at record levels in the early part of the last century .
From 1916 to1917 , Black migration to Detroit averaged 1,000 a month .
“ Simply put , they came looking for a better life , better education , security and to escape lynching ” said Pettway .
By the early 1920s , 45 percent of Black men in Detroit worked at Ford .
Bates said those jobs at Ford gave hope to Blacks , but Henry Ford “ extracted more than his pound of flesh in speed - ups . ”
She quoted the late autoworker Dave Moore who said “ there was nothing liberal in the bastard – Ford ’s strategy was simply different than GM or Chrysler , ” where cleaning rest rooms and mopping floors was the best Blacks could expect .
Interwoven in Ford ’s strategy was a paternalistic philosophy .
Bates said Ford imagined Blacks might be “ the perfect workers for his open shop movement , what he called his American Plan . ”
However , Bates said , Blacks also had their own American Plan , one that grew more incompatible with Henry Ford as time went by .
Contrary to what many scholars have written , it was Black workers who paved the way for unionization at Ford , she said .
Throughout the 1930s the old AFL autoworkers union missed opportunities to support the Black community in their fight for civil rights and against police brutality , and did not work to develop a broader - based union organizing drive .
“ Black workers not initially signing union cards had less to do with allegiance to Ford than wanting to be treated as equals ” by the union , said Bates .
She credited the role played by the Communist Party and other radicals in organizations like the unemployed councils and the International Labor Defense ( which led the fight to save the Scottsboro Boys ) because they facilitated a “ cross- fertilization ” and politicalization within the Black community , between workers at Ford and community members , on issues like racism , civil rights and jobs .
“ By 1935 , Black Detroiters considered Communists friends you could count on , ” said Bates .
Unlike the old AFL union , the CIO ’s United Auto Workers had a policy of racial equality that gave it an advantage , Pettway said .
He noted the role played by white Ford worker and lead union organizer Bill McKie .
McKie ’s job in Ford ’s maintenance department allowed him to circulate amongst different workers .
The fact that McKie was a known Communist did not hurt his ability to organize .
He was “ second to none , highly respected by everyone .
Elected as a trustee his first year , ” said Pettway .
The CIO saw to it that a broad base of union support was built within the Black community and on three occasion organized rallies with Paul Robeson .
Pettway said the last rally , in Detroit ’s downtown Cadillac Square , drew 60,000 people .
“ Regardless of race , creed or color , they came to hear Robeson , Walter Reuther , former City Council President Erma Henderson , ” among others .
On May 21 , 1941 , Ford workers overwhelmingly voted for the union .
The vote shook the automotive industry and shaped it for decades to come .
During discussion , retired UAW activist General Baker pointed to the “ high level of solidarity ” still seen within UAW Ford Local 600 .
At its peak there were 17,000 Black workers and even today , most top UAW national leaders come out of Local 600 he said .
Pettway said “ the unity needed to organize Ford was the same unity that elected Barack Obama .
This is what is necessary to move forward . ”
Photo : Quill Pettway accepts an award from Beth Bates .
( PW / John Rummel )
Gillian Duffy , the Rochdale pensioner whom Gordon Brown described as " a sort of bigoted woman " , turned down the chance to make a small fortune from selling her story to The Sun because the newspaper wanted her to say things she did not believe .
The offer was made during a classic newspaper attempt at a " buy up " , conducted in cloak - and - dagger style only hours after Mrs Duffy 's chance encounter with the Prime Minister had made her a media star .
After Gordon Brown had emerged from a 39 - minute meeting in Mrs Duffy 's home to announce that he was a " penitent sinner " and that she had accepted his apology , about 50 newspaper and broadcast journalists , photographers and camera crews spent the rest of the afternoon and evening camped outside Mrs Duffy 's white PVC front door , hoping that she would come out to speak to them .
It could have been a long , dull wait for them all , because the only action at the front of the house was a brief appearance by John Butters , of the public relations firm Bell Pottinger , who told them that Mrs Duffy would not be saying anything else that evening .
What they almost missed was the action round the back , where an intrepid Sun reporter , Richard Moriarty , and a photographer , Jimmy Clark , were clambering across hedge and fence in failing light to sneak in through the back garden , unseen by their commercial rivals .
But newspaper offices are leaky places , and it was not long before word was going around the London headquarters of rival papers that The Sun was up to something .
Reporters waiting at Mrs Duffy 's doorstep started receiving calls from the office asking whether they could see anything happening inside the house .
The answer was " no " .
The next question was : " Where are the men from The Sun ? "
The answer was that the Sun contingent was nowhere to be seen , but it took only an instant for the media pack to guess what was afoot , and , with a clatter of hastily gathered - up cameras , they raced to the back of the house , just in time to see a flash of light coming from a kitchen window which told them someone inside was taking photographs .
The kitchen curtains were drawn before they could see anything more .
But around 8 pm , Moriarty rejoined his colleagues .
According to one , he looked " sheepish " .
The deal with The Sun had fallen through .
As darkness fell , most of the media pack dispersed , although two Sunday newspapers maintained a vigil outside Mrs Duffy 's door .
Around 7 am yesterday , the pack was back outside her door – though they numbered only about 20 , rather than the 50 who had been on duty the previous day .
That was enough to make Mrs Duffy want to escape .
At 8.15 am , a man drove up to her house in a grey BMW and whisked her away .
But a hungry pack of journalists is not easily shaken off .
Someone established that the BMW belonged to Mrs Duffy 's daughter 's partner .
A scout was sent to her daughter 's house in another part of Rochdale .
He rang to say he had spotted the BMW , and the pack moved to maintain the siege outside a different door , where two community police officers stood guard .
Mrs Duffy spent the day indoors , with curtains drawn .
Soon after lunch , Mr Butters went in , but emerged later to announce that Mrs Duffy was still not saying anything .
There was speculation yesterday that The Sun had offered Mrs Duffy £ 50,000 , or even £ 75,000 for her story .
It is more probable that The Sun 's offer was in the range of £ 25,000 to £ 30,000 – which must still have sounded like riches to a pensioner who has worked all her life on relatively modest wages .
But Mrs Duffy turned it down .
Reputedly , The Sun , which has been campaigning aggressively since last October for a Conservative victory , wanted her to attack Gordon Brown in unrestrained language and declare her support for David Cameron but , after a lifetime 's allegiance to the Labour Party , she would not do it .
Another rumour is that Andy Coulson , the former News of the World editor who is David Cameron 's link with the Murdoch empire , contacted Rebekah Brooks , chief executive of Murdoch 's company , News International , to say that it would not help the Tory cause if The Sun pushed its suit too hard .
Coulson 's reasoning was that Labour was in such a mess after Gordon Brown 's gaffe that it would pay to leave them dangling in the wind rather than give them a pretext for claiming that Mrs Duffy was party to a Tory - orchestrated media conspiracy .
Even without the involvement of The Sun , the presence of a man from Bell Pottinger set off conspiracy theories .
The agency was founded in 1987 by Tim Bell , Margaret Thatcher 's advertising guru , who advised her through the victorious 1979 election campaign .
The chairman of Bell Pottinger Public Affairs , Peter Bingle , is a Tory activist who wrote a jubilant blog yesterday , jokily suggesting : " There is a strong case for giving Gillian Duffy a peerage .
She has revealed the true Gordon Brown . "
This prompted speculation that the Conservatives had deployed Bell Pottinger to persuade Mrs Duffy to cause maximum embarrassment to Mr Brown .
A counter - rumour was that another Bell Pottinger director , David Hill , had stepped in .
He is an old Labour Party hand , who succeeded Alastair Campbell as director of communications for Tony Blair .
It was thought that he may be pulling Mrs Duffy 's strings .
The truth is more prosaic .
Finding herself under siege from the media , Mrs Duffy rang her daughter , Debbie , seeking help .
Her daughter works as head of compliance at the Manchester office of the solicitors ' firm DWF .
The firm uses Bell Pottinger North to handle its public relations .
Debbie contacted John Butters , of Bell Pottinger North , who agreed to help .
" This has got no link to any political associations that Bell Pottinger as a group might have , " Mr Butters said .
" This comes purely from the family connection .
We have not tried to influence Mrs Duffy in any way , we have simply passed on to her the options that have been put to us .
These range from doing a deal with a particular newspaper , to just reading out a statement outside the house .
There have been lots of offers that have been declined , and some are still on the table . "
What do you do once you 've broken your own record for the world 's highest - grossing picture film ?
Well , you go offworld , of course .
James Cameron , in his infinite benevolence and multidimensional wisdom , has convinced NASA bigwigs not to forgo the inclusion of a high - res 3D camera on the Curiosity ( aka Mars Science Laboratory ) rover , which is set to depart for the red planet in 2011 .
Budget overruns had led to the scrapping of the autostereoscopic idea , but the director - man -- who has been involved with this project for a good few years now -- felt the results of the mission would be far more engaging if people could see them in 3D .
Hey , if he can make us watch the Blue Man Group reenactment of Fern Gully , do n't bet on Cameron failing to make extraterrestrial rubble interesting with his 3D voodoo .
We have not modified the above picture in any way -- Scout 's Honor .
That 's a real baby , wearing a real IR necklace that interacts with a real Wiimote .
What 's not real , of course , is the view of San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge .
That is generated by Ryan Hoagland 's DIY virtual window , a brilliant pastiche of interior design , RED ONE footage and Johnny Chung Lee-style headtracking , all directed to your eyes by a Mac Pro feeding a pair of plasma screens .
As the viewer moves around , dual 1080 p images move the opposite direction , providing the convincing illusion of looking out a real pane of glass at the incredibly detailed scenery beyond .
Exciting ?
Then you 'll be giggling like Jr. when you hear it 's for sale .
After spending a year figuring out how to mount , drive and cool the whole shebang , Hoagland would like you to have one too ; he plans to have basic kits ready by July for under $ 3000 .
Watch baby - powered plasma in motion after the break , as well as a sweet time - lapse video of the build process .
[ Thanks ,
Andy , ArjanD ]
Grandkids Removed
by a Restraining Order ?
Your change can help bring about change .
The extended family is making something of a comeback , thanks to delayed marriage , immigration and recession - induced job losses and foreclosures that have forced people to double - up under one roof , an analysis of Census Bureau figures has found .
“ The Waltons are back , ” said Paul Taylor , executive vice president of the Pew Research Center , which conducted the analysis .
Multigenerational families , which accounted for 25 percent of the population in 1940 but only 12 percent by 1980 , inched up to 16 percent in 2008 , according to the analysis .
The analysis also found that the proportion of people 65 and older who live alone , which had been rising steeply for nearly a century — from 6 percent in 1900 to 29 percent in 1990 — declined slightly , to 27 percent .
Concerned about the proliferation of face recognition systems in public places , a grad student in New York is developing privacy - enhancing hacks designed to thwart the futuristic surveillance technology .
Using off - the - shelf makeup and accessories such as glasses , veils , and artificial hair , Adam Harvey 's master 's thesis combines hipster fashion aesthetics with hardcore reverse engineering of face detection software .
The goal : to give individuals a low - cost and visually stimulating means to prevent their likenesses from being detected and cataloged by face - recognition monitors .
" The number of sensors that are going into the public spaces has been increasing , " said Harvey , a student in New York University 's interactive telecommunications program .
" There 's a lot of work to be done to catch up to where cameras are going because there have been so many advances in the last few years . "
Although still in its adolescence , face recognition technology is quickly being adopted by governments and corporations to identify individuals whose images are captured by surveillance cameras .
At the 2001 Super Bowl , for instance , officials digitized the faces of everyone entering Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida and compared the results against photographic lists of known malefactors .
In another example , the city of Chicago two years ago made much fanfare of " Operation Virtual Shield , " which was to use IBM software to analyze in real time thousands of hours of video being recorded on more than 1,000 continuously running cameras .
As a starting point , Harvey 's research involves the reverse engineering of OpenCV , which its creators describe as an open - source " library of programming functions for real - time computer vision . "
From that work , he developed an understanding of the algorithm used to tell if an image captured by a camera is , say , a car , a building or a human face .
Based on the so - called Viola - Jones method ( pdf ) , the algorithm examines the spatial relationships of an object captured in an image and looks for features commonly found in faces .
Most faces have a dark region just above the eyes , while the cheek bones and nose bridge will appear lighter .
When the algorithm detects enough such attributes , it guesses the object is a face .
The method is generally regarded as effective .
Errors are in favor of false positives , making it hard for unobstructed faces to escape notice when they are n't captured at an angle .
Once a face is detected , other technologies , such as face recognition , can be used to compare the face against a database in an attempt to identify the person it belongs to .
But Harvey has discovered that face detection can often be thrown off by using makeup to alter the contrasts the technology looks for .
For example , dark patterns applied around eyes and cheek bones , as in the image below , are one such possibility .
These faces are n't detected by Viola - Jones algorithms
" There 's a lot of trial and error , " Harvey said .
" The common thread is throwing off the symmetry " the algorithm looks for .
" It 's a lot more difficult than applying a bunch of makeup and hoping it works or putting on your 3D glasses left over from Avatar . "
Technology that detects or recognizes faces still has n't gone mainstream , said Ralph Gross , an expert in the field and a scientist at Hyperactive Technologies .
For now , it 's mostly limited to specialized applications , such as the Super Bowl outings or Las Vegas casinos , but he said he expects that to change .
" The technology is getting better all the time , " he said .
" Along with computing power being greater , it becomes more of an option .
I think we 're heading to the point where we as a society need to think about what we are comfortable with . "
At the same time , Gross said a pair of dark sunglasses or a simple veil would probably prove just as effective at thwarting face detection as anything Harvey is recommending .
But Harvey , said the point of his project from the beginning has been to create disguises that do more than simply hide a person 's face .
" The combination of hair , makeup and accessories gives you the potential to do an infinite number of creative new looks that have some futuristic value to them with anti-face - detection functionality , " he said .
" Maybe you could go to a privacy hair stylist in the future . " ®
The first teaser trailer for Dreamworks '
Megamind is out , and it perfectly encapsulates the hilarious insanity that we saw in the preview footage .
But wait until you hear supervillain Will Ferrell spar with damsel in distress Tina Fey .
Advertisement
Synopsis :
After super - villain Megamind ( Ferrell ) kills his good - guy nemesis , Metro Man ( Brad Pitt ) , he becomes bored , since there is no one left to fight .
He creates a new foe , Titan ( Jonah Hill ) , who , instead of using his powers for good , sets out to destroy the world , positioning Megamind to save the day for the first time in his life .
Advertisement
Megamind will be out November 5th , 2010 .
[ Updated , 5:02 p.m. ]
In his 12 - page order , U.S. District Judge Glen H. Davidson denied a motion for an injunction filed by Constance McMillen , a senior at Itawamba Agricultural High School in Fulton , Mississippi , against the Itawamba County School District 's superintendent , the school 's principal and its assistant principal .
In his order , Davidson ruled that McMillen failed to show that granting the injunction would serve the public interest .
Read the judge 's opinion | Read the full story
[ Posted , 4:44 p.m. ]
A federal judge on Tuesday said he would not order a school district to hold a prom that it had canceled after an openly lesbian student asked to attend with her girlfriend .
It can be no coincidence that in October 2009 European electricity company trade group Eurelectric launched an initiative to push forward the standardization of electric vehicle ( EV ) infrastructure just as the world ’s major motor manufacturers announced a wave of second generation pure electric and plug - in hybrid vehicles .
This , taking place against a backdrop of carbon emissions limitations legislation such as Europe ’s 20 % by 2020 directive , sets the scene for a major roll - out of new technology .
Indeed , in a Declaration on Charging Infrastructure for Electric Vehicles , presented to European Commission vice - president for transport , Antonio Tajani , the Eurelectric signatories confirmed their plans to co-operate towards the ‘ development and application of industry pre-standards until standards have been set by the official standards bodies ISO / IEC ’ .
Their representative , Padraig McManus , chief executive of Irish energy group ESB and a Eurelectric board member , said that electricity generated from low carbon energy sources can ‘ revolutionise the transport sector , making a real contribution towards reducing the carbon output of cars and also improving local air and reducing noise pollution . ’
McManus claimed that electrifying road transport will also ‘ boost EU energy security by reducing dependence on imported energy ’ , highlighting another key European energy policy goal .
However , McManus pointed out that to achieve this , a cross-industry agreement on standards for both the hardware – the connector and cables – for recharging plug - in vehicles and the communication software ‘ is an indispensable step to facilitate broad market penetration and avoid problems with incompatibility , dead - ends and stranded investment . ’
He concluded : ‘ Setting standards for plug - in vehicle charging infrastructure will provide benefits to all stakeholders – the automotive industry , equipment manufacturers , electricity companies and above all the customer , who will thus enjoy real choice and genuine Europe - wide electric mobility . ’
Presentation of the declaration took place at a Eurelectric event which also showcased some dozen electric vehicles and charging post designs from more than 10 utility companies .
Vehicles ranging from the performance Tesla provided by RWE and a Lotus Elite from Essent / Enexis , to family vehicles including a Fiat Fiorino from CEZ , and the Piaggio Porter van brought by Enel , showed the versatility of an all - electric drive train .
More importantly , it also demonstrated significant interest among Europe ’s major utility players .
Policymakers Spark Utility Interest
Sparking utility interest in the roll - out of EV technology is a swath of policy moves , designed to encourage just such a development .
More recently , the charge has been taken up by urban authorities .
Even as delegates were failing to deliver a substantial climate deal at Copenhagen in December 2009 , 14 of the world ’s largest cities agreed to take steps during 2010 to become more EV - friendly .
The announcement was made at the ‘ Climate Summit for Mayors ’ , held alongside the UN Climate Change Conference .
#rewpage #
The cities – Bogota , Buenos Aires , Chicago , Copenhagen , Delhi , Hong Kong , Houston , London , Los Angeles , Mexico City , Toronto , Sao Paulo , Seoul and Sydney – have formed the ‘ C40 Electric Vehicle Network ’ .
Collectively they plan to work in four areas seen as critical to the successful introduction of electric vehicles .
The measures include facilitating the planning and deployment of charging infrastructure and related supply systems ; streamlining permitting processes for charging installations in customer premises and elsewhere ; coordinating incentives ; and developing a plan to mobilize demand in city fleets for 2010 – 2013 .
The C40 programme includes car manufacturers , BYD , Mitsubishi Motors Corp , Nissan and Renault , as private sector partners .
And , as if to drive home the message on the opportunities for renewables , the development came as C - 40 member Chicago unveiled its first networked solar plug - in station for electric vehicles .
Richard Lowenthal , CEO of developers Coulomb Technologies , commented : ‘ Solar energy and electric vehicles are an inevitable partnership that is one more step to reducing our dependence on foreign oil . ’
With most city journeys at most no more than a few tens of miles , densely populated urban areas are an obvious low - hanging fruit , but it ’s not just at city scale that policy developments are underway .
In August 2009 , Germany ’s Federal government adopted a National Development Plan for Electric Mobility ( NEPE ) – developed jointly by the ministries for the Environment ( BMU ) , Economics ( BMWi ) , Transport ( BMVBS ) and Research ( BMBF ) and designed to promote research and development , market preparation and the market introduction of battery - powered vehicles in Germany .
Market development up to 2020 is to take place in three phases with market preparation up to 2011 , market development up to 2016 and a high - volume market from 2017 .
There are plans to increase the number of electric vehicles in Germany to 1 million by 2020 , by 2030 the figure may be more than 5 million and by 2050 most urban transport ‘ will do without fossil fuels ’ , simultaneously turning Germany into a leading market for electric mobility .
Meanwhile , Germany ’s power grids will be made more efficient through the use of modern information technology and the integration of electric vehicles .
According to the BMU , using renewable energy to meet the energy demand of electric vehicles will also improve the integration of fluctuating producers into the grid .
‘ The additional demand for electric energy in this sector must be covered by power from renewable energy sources .
As a priority unused power from fluctuating renewable energy sources is to be used for electric mobility based on load management .
Excess demand must be met by tapping further renewable potential ’ , the ministry says in a statement .
Within the framework of the National Development Plan for Electric Mobility , the Federal government will contribute over the next 10 years .
In addition to regulatory measures to support battery technology , grid integration and market preparation and introduction , the launch of a market incentive programme and its form are currently being reviewed .
However , the government does acknowledge some challenges , saying it must be considered that EVs will only succeed if the total costs , including the associated infrastructure costs , develop in such a way as to ensure that no permanent subsidies will be required for these vehicles to be competitive .
Over in the US , meanwhile , the Waxman / Markey Bill , introduced in May 2009 and still finding its way through the legislature , also contains a number of provisions for accelerating the deployment of a vehicle charging infrastructure and the manufacturing of plug - in EVs .
If signed into law the bill will amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 ( PURPA ) , mandating utility companies to support the use of plug - in electric drive vehicles , including heavy - duty hybrids .
The plan may also include deployment of charging stations , battery exchange and fast charging infrastructure as well as other similar elements determined necessary by each state to support plug - in electric drive vehicles .
The House of Representatives passed the bill in June 2009 , though it is currently stalled in the upper chamber .
Under the terms of the bill , state regulatory authorities and independent utilities are to establish protocols and standards for integrating plug - in EVs into the distribution system , including the development of smart grid technology as well as considering cost recovery plans .
Other central support measures have included direct grants to EV manufacturers .
For example , in January 2010 , US energy secretary Steven Chu announced the Department of Energy has closed its US $ 465 million loan with Tesla Motors , Inc. for construction of a manufacturing facility in southern California on the Model S electric car and a power - train manufacturing facility in Palo Alto , California .
The Palo Alto facility will assemble electric vehicle battery packs , electric motors , and related electric vehicle control equipment , both for Tesla ’s own electric vehicles and for sale to other automobile manufacturers .
Chu said the investment ‘ will help build a customer base and begin laying the foundation for American leadership in the growing electric vehicles industry .
This is part of a sustained effort to develop and commercialize technologies that will be broadly deployed throughout the American auto industry . ’
The deal follows a similar $ 5.9 billion arrangement with the Ford Motor Company agreed to in September 2009 .
The Department of Energy has also signed conditional commitments with Nissan North America , Inc. and Fisker Automotive .
Nissan plans to build electric cars and battery packs at the company ’s Smyrna , Tennessee manufacturing complex , while Fisker recently announced plans to build plug - in hybrid electric vehicles by reopening a shuttered GM plant in Wilmington , Delaware .
#rewpage #
The Department of Energy was appropriated $ 7.5 billion by Congress to support up to $ 25 billion in loans to companies making cars and components in US factories that increase fuel economy at least 25 % above 2005 fuel economy levels and some $ 2 billion under the 2009 Investment and Recovery Act for EV development .
Furthermore , since 2009 certain qualifying EVs have benefited from a federal tax break , worth up to $ 15,000 in 2010 .
The credit amount will vary based on the capacity of the battery used to fuel the vehicle .
Manufacturers Step - Up
Their EV efforts
With memories of previous electric car launches ending in commercial disaster still smarting , auto manufacturers have perhaps understandably been cautious .
But , with the success of Toyota ’s Prius hybrid vehicle pointing the way ( notwithstanding the Japanese car giant ’s current high - profile setbacks ) , rivals spotted an emerging market and have been quick to follow up with initiatives of their own .
In January 2010 Toyota ’s great rival Honda , for example , began operation of a solar hydrogen station prototype at its Los Angeles Center of Honda R&D Americas , Inc. , intended for ultimate use as a home refueling appliance capable of an overnight refill of fuel cell - based electric vehicles .
Although the solar component is designed to export power back to the grid rather than generate hydrogen for the vehicle , the association between electric vehicles and renewable energy — shown in the picture below — is clear .
Nissan , meanwhile , has already started taking preorders for its new electric offering , the ‘ Leaf ’ with Nissan saying it expects to have ‘ at least 20,000 reservations for Nissan Leaf by the time we deliver the world ’s first mass - market zero-emission car in late 2010 . ’
Nissan also benefited from a DoE loan in June 2009 and is set to begin US production of its plug - in vehicles in late 2012 .
The Renault - Nissan Alliance has also pushed into the European EV market .
And , in a move hinting at a trend for closer ties between EV manufacturers and infrastructure developers , in March 2009 the company forged a collaboration with zero emission transport infrastructure group Elektromotive .
A Memorandum of Understanding has been signed by the two companies ahead of what they forecast will be a dramatic rise in the number of EVs on Europe ’s roads .
Renault - Nissan plans to start sales of EVs in Japan and the US in 2010 , moving globally by 2012 , and the so - called ‘ Partnership for Zero - Emission - Mobility ’ , has the aim of accelerating the installation of charging networks for EVs in cities , the companies say .
Elektromotive installed its first Elektrobay charging post in London in 2006 and has now installed over 250 more across the UK ahead of a deal with Vinci Energies United Kingdom to install the world ’s first fully - connected national recharging infrastructure for electric and plug - in hybrid vehicles .
Auto manufacturers and infrastructure players are not the only groups to have spotted the vast scale of the potential market .
In a new 2010 report on the EV market from 2010 – 2020 , analysis company IDTechEx forecasts that 29 million EVs are expected to be sold in 2010 and this figure will rise 69 % to 49 million EVs in 2020 .
However , the company also suggests that the value of the market will grow by far more because larger and more expensive vehicles are now rapidly adopting the technology , with motorcycles , military vehicles , buses and earthmovers among them .
Hybrids , meanwhile , will rise from about 50 % to about 60 % of the market value through the decade , the report says .
Utilities Move Into the Transport Business
Auto manufacturers are also forging tie-ins with utility groups too .
For instance , the Renault - Nissan Alliance has partnered with the French utility company Electrcite de France ( EdF ) and the Swiss electric utility company Energie Ouest Suisse ( EOS ) .
More recently , in January 2010 , Italy ’s Enel announced a deal with scooter manufacturer Piaggio Group .
The two partners will work together to study the mobility and electric recharging needs of corporate fleets and hybrid scooters and plan to carry out joint pilot projects in selected cities with differing mobility styles and needs .
Specifically , Piaggio will provide know - how , information and technical data on electric and hybrid engines , their performance and use and recharging requirements .
Enel will contribute its electric recharging infrastructure , ensuring compatibility with the technical characteristics and layout of Piaggio vehicles .
Meanwhile , Spanish utility group Endesa , which is majority owned by Enel , is participating in the G4V project ( Grid for Vehicles ) scheme aimed at evaluating the large - scale impact of the integration of the EV into the electricity grid infrastructure .
The programme aims to establish recommendations for introduction from 2020 onwards .
It is also looking at mass use of EVs , societal impact , the services and communications required and possible challenges and opportunities .
The European G4V project has a budget of around € 3.7 million over 18 months and involves other major European utilities players such as RWE , EdF , EdP and Vattenfall .
In Spain , Endesa is also involved in the development of the government ’s so - called Movele electric mobility plan , involving the introduction of electric vehicles in various cities by the end of 2010 and which envisages the installation of a total of 546 recharging points in Madrid , Barcelona and Seville .
And , in January 2010 , Endesa became part of the ‘ Verde ’ project , the main objective of which is to research technologies that will permit EVs to be integrated into the power grid and introduced into the Spanish market .
Spearheaded by auto manufacturer Seat , the Verde project already enjoys the backing of the Ministry of Science and Innovation , and is financed by the Cenit ( the National Strategic Consortia for Technical Research ) programme with a budget of around € 40 million .
Endesa is involved in a number of areas , chiefly relating to the integration of charging infrastructure in the electricity system .
Meanwhile , in November 2009 , the municipality of Amsterdam , in partnership with energy company Nuon and network company Alliander , put a charging network into operation .
Anyone with an electric car , motorcycle or scooter can park and charge free at charging stations located within the city .
There will be 200 within the next two years under the Amsterdam Elektrisch programme .
The aim is that in 2015 there will be 10,000 electric vehicles and a wide network of charging stations .
Perhaps the best example of this confluence of stakeholders comes from a January 2010 deal in which Renault , EDF , Groupe Bernard Hayot ( GBH ) , Total Réunion , GE Money and the Grenelle Environment Forum in Reunion ( GERRI ) agency signed a letter of intent to trial 50 electric vehicles in La Reunion island , together with battery charging infrastructure powered mainly by renewable energies , notably photovoltaics .
Barriers and Prospects for Roll - Out
Despite the recent advances and optimism among policy - makers , manufacturers and utilities , there are still a number of fundamental issues to be overcome , not least the necessary leap of faith by consumers , who will be asked to make substantial investments in the technology .
Addressing the issues of maximum vehicle range and the extended charging times — up to eight hours charging currently typically delivers around a 40 km range — proponents of EVs argue that the vast majority of Europeans travel less than 40 km a day and cars spend around 95 % of the time inactive .
Considerable research is being applied to smart grid systems for vehicle - grid interconnection which could optimise battery charging and enable utilities to more effectively manage the grid , and consequently greater integration of variable output renewable energy .
Furthermore , manufacturers are inevitably working on improved batteries and quick charging technologies .
For example , the Renault - Nissan Alliance , the French Atomic Energy Commission ( CEA ) and the French Strategic Investment Fund ( FSI ) have set up a joint venture company to develop and manufacture batteries for electric vehicles .
The alliance plans to produce batteries from mid-2012 at the Renault Flins plant near Paris , with a capacity of 100,000 batteries a year .
Investment value of the project ’s first phase is estimated at €600 million and batteries produced would be available for sale to any manufacturer .
Another indication of the growing optimism surrounding the EV sector from comes from California - based Better Place , which also has a tie - up with the Renault - Nissan Alliance and recently secured $ 350 million from an investor consortium led by HSBC Group and including Morgan Stanley Investment Management , and Lazard Asset Management .
According to the company , the deal marks one of the largest clean - tech investments ever , valuing Better Place at $ 1.25 billion .
Shai Agassi , Better Place founder and CEO said the deal ‘ marks the end of an extensive process with the outcome being a decision by one of the world ’s largest , most conservative banks , HSBC , to take the validating step of investing . ’
Stuart Gulliver , executive director , HSBC Holdings added , ‘ We believe the switch from internal combustion engine vehicles to electric vehicles will create future growth opportunities in the auto and utility industries . ’
Given the rapidly accelerating push to develop EV technology , infrastructure and markets , it seems likely that those opportunities will arrive sooner rather than later .
David Appleyard is associate editor of Renewable Energy World magazine .
e-mail : [ email protected ]
Eh .
Played for a bit , it 's not particularly puzzling , more random guessing , since the rules for exactly what reacts with which is never really explained .
Like , at all .
You can't even go by experience , since certain bigger groups of different colours mix just fine while smaller groups do n't and you need some different colours because same ones do n't go away ?
It 's a bit contrived .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The rise in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere means far more energy is coming into Earth ’s climate system than is going out , but half of that energy is missing and could eventually reappear as another sign of climate change , scientists said on Thursday .
In stable climate times , the amount of heat coming into Earth ’s system is equal to the amount leaving it , but these are not stable times , said John Fasullo of the U.S. National Center for Atmospheric Research , a co-author of the report in the journal Science .
The gap between what ’s entering the climate system and what ’s leaving is about 37 times the heat energy produced by all human activities , from driving cars and running power plants to burning wood .
Half of that gap is unaccounted for , Fasullo and his co-author Kevin Trenberth reported .
It has n’t left the climate system but it has n’t been detected with satellites , ocean sensors or other technology .
It might lurk in deep ocean waters in areas sensors do n’t reach .
Some of it could be the result of imprecise measurement or processing of satellite or sensor data .
But the greenhouse - caused heat gap is definitely there , the authors said .
“ The heat will come back to haunt us sooner or later , ” Trenberth said .
“ It is critical to track the build - up of energy in our climate system so we can understand what is happening and predict our future climate . ”
By pumping climate - warming greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , humans have caused this imbalance , and “ it is this imbalance that produces ‘ global warming , ’ ” the authors wrote .
WARMING OCEANS , MELTING ICE
Much of the heat gap is evident in warming ocean waters , melting polar ice and other signs of climate change , but half of it is nowhere to be found , Trenberth and Fasullo reported .
That does n’t mean it ’s gone .
It could show itself as an abrupt El Nino pattern , where tropical Pacific waters warm up and influence weather in North and South America .
“ There is a wide range of possibilities for what may end up happening with the missing energy , ” Fasullo wrote in an e-mail interview .
“ It is clear however that the system cannot sequester heat indefinitely without a surface temperature response .
“ The potential impacts of such a response are likely to be as diverse as those associated with climate change , in my view , ” he wrote .
These potential impacts of climate change include increased droughts , floods and wildfires , rising sea levels and more severe storms , the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has reported .
Last year was one of the five warmest on record , and the decade from 2000 - 2009 was the warmest decade on record , according to the World Meteorological Organization , but Trenberth said there has recently been some stagnation in global surface temperatures , including some cold spells in Europe , Asia and the United States this past winter .
He said this stagnation was due to natural variability , while at the same time , sea levels have continued rising at the same rates as previously , while the melting of glacial and Arctic sea ice has picked up .
Published online 19 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.136
News : Q&A
Marine biologists look for better ways to save whales tangled in fishing gear .
Sedating a whale is a tricky business .
Moore , M. et al .
Only around 300 endangered right whales remain in the North Atlantic , and a number of them end up tangled in fishing gear off the east coast of the United States .
The nets and ropes cut into the animal 's flesh , and can in rare cases lead to a painful and protracted death .
Marine biologist Michael Moore , of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , is one of those who attempt to free these animals .
He tells Nature about a new technique that aims to raise the success rate of disentanglement efforts by shooting whales with drug - filled darts1 .
Why did you start thinking about sedating whales ?
It all started in 1999 when we had a right whale that was chronically entangled , with a fishing net wrapped around both flippers and over its back .
We were unable to disentangle it , and it died months later with the blubber being dissected off the back by the net and the line cutting down into the animal .
This was a case that struck to the heart of many of us , in terms of animal welfare and the pain the animal went through .
How would a team normally go about cutting free a whale ?
They 'll physically restrain the animal by drag — by putting more buoys on the animal , slowing it down and tiring it out so they can get near it .
That works very well for humpbacks but it does n't work so well for right whales .
Right whales are fundamentally less stoppable .
They 're stronger , they 're attitudinal , they 're bigger animals that are harder to work with .
It became clear that the disentanglement crew would be very interested in chemically enabling the process [ of slowing down the whale ] .
So what happened last year with whale number 3311 , which had rope cutting into its head and lower lip ?
We had a tracking tag so we knew where the animal was moving and we had about three days within a three - month period where we would gather in a hotel , get up early in the morning , launch the boat and also head out with a plane to relocate the animal .
“ There was a real sense of preparedness , but also the unknown , because no one had ever done what we were aiming to do . ”
You 're working in a boat that 's no longer than than 20 feet ; it 's a rubber boat with a tuna tower [ a raised platform ] on it .
All kinds of things that are very easy to do on a lab bench suddenly become far more complicated when you 're bouncing up and down in 3 - foot seas .
Essentially one of the issues is to safely and efficiently load a syringe with a drug cocktail , get it into the barrel [ of the delivery system ] and get it all set up so that you can safely discharge this .
It 's quite a challenge ( see video ) .
There was a real sense of preparedness , but also the unknown , because no one had ever done what we were aiming to do .
We had endless conversations about what was going to happen , and we were about to find out .
What happened when you finally darted the animal ?
We were very concerned that we only sedated and not anaesthetized this animal .
There was a significant , calculated unknown .
ADVERTISEMENT
We would only do this work on an animal that would otherwise die in a very painful way .
If all we 'd ended up doing was euthanizing it , then that in itself was not something we would regret .
It was very gratifying to see the animal doing exactly what we wanted , which was to change from a very evasive animal to the behaviour essentially of a drunk , where we were able to drive near it in the boat without it veering away from us .
And that 's when the disentangling crew in a second boat got to work ?
Once they realized the whale was approachable , they immediately went into disentanglement mode to cut the gear off .
There are a number of varieties of how that works , depending on the entanglement .
In this case , the rope was embedded so you could n't really hook it .
We used a spring - loaded knife .
When we put the knife 's release catch against the side of the whale , the knife popped in like a little guillotine by about 3 inches , so it could actually cut the blubber and get into the flesh to the embedded line .
Did it work ?
We removed about 900 feet of line off the whale .
We left a small amount embedded in the head because , had we tried to pull it out , we may well have caused a major fatal haemorrhage .
The operation was a success .
Did the patient live ?
We do not know .
The weather was deteriorating rapidly so essentially we had to kiss the whale goodbye and say good luck .
We have not had a sighting dead or alive of that whale ever since .
We 're waiting and hoping that someone will see it , but we do n't know .
Are you ready to do the same thing again ?
We 've got a new system .
We 've got more hardware and we 've got more drugs .
We 're more ready than we ever were .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Defense Secretary Robert Gates has warned the White House the United States lacks an effective strategy to curb Iran ’s steady progress toward nuclear capability , The New York Times reported on Saturday , citing officials familiar with the document .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates discusses changes to the Pentagon 's " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the U.S. military during a media briefing in the Pentagon Briefing Room in Washington , March 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang
Gates ’ secret memorandum was sent in January to President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , General James Jones , and it touched off an intense effort inside the Pentagon , the White House and the U.S. intelligence agencies to develop new options for the president .
Those options included a revised set of military alternatives , still under development , to be considered should diplomacy and sanctions fail to force Iran to change course .
In that case , Iran could remain a signatory of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty while becoming what strategists call a “ virtual ” nuclear weapons state , the newspaper said , citing U.S. officials familiar with the document .
Among his concerns , Gates included the lack of a response should Iran choose the course that many officials and analysts consider likely -- assembling all the major parts needed for a nuclear weapon , such as fuel , designs and detonators , but stopping just short of assembling a fully operational weapon .
Officials familiar with the memo ’s contents described only portions dealing with strategy and policy and not sections that apparently dealt with secret operations against Iran , or how to deal with Persian Gulf allies , The Times said .
One senior official described the document as “ a wake - up call , ” the newspaper said , adding that White House officials disputed that view and insisted that for 15 months they had been conducting detailed planning for many possible outcomes regarding Iran ’s nuclear program .
The Times said Gates spokesman Geoff Morrell declined comment on specifics in the document but issued a statement on Saturday saying , “ The secretary believes the president and his national security team have spent an extraordinary amount of time and effort considering and preparing for the full range of contingencies with respect to Iran . ”
A senior administration official told The Times there was a line Iran would not be permitted to cross .
The official said the United States would ensure that Iran would not “ acquire a nuclear capability , ” a step Tehran could get to well before it developed a sophisticated weapon .
Jones told The Times on Friday that the Obama administration did have a strategy on Iran .
“ The fact that we do n’t announce publicly our entire strategy for the world to see does n’t mean we do n’t have a strategy that anticipates the full range of contingencies , ” he said .
“ We do . ”
Addendum added .
Here goes another post destined to make me unpopular in some quarters .
( You can find my previous contribution on the same subject here . )
From a political and historical perspective , the passage of health - care reform is a major victory for liberals , moderates , and even conservatives with a social conscience .
It has long been a national disgrace that a country as rich as the United States failed to provide basic health care for tens of millions of its citizens .
President Obama , to his credit , finally exploited the Democratic majorities in Congress to tackle this problem , and , in the process , demonstrated that he has an inner resolve and determination that I , for one , had doubted .
In getting something — anything — done in today ’s Washington , he has reinvigorated his Presidency and transformed the political calculus for the rest of his agenda .
But what about the economics of it all ?
In general terms , as I ’ve said before , the case for reform is unassailable .
Health care provides a textbook case of an industry plagued by numerous forms of market failure , including moral hazard , adverse selection , and free riding , as well as ad - hoc government interventions .
The result is a horrendously costly mishmash , which manages to combine excessive expenditure in some areas ( diagnostic testing ) with too little expenditure in others ( preventative care ) , and overall health outcomes that are middling , at best .
According to Wikipedia , the U.S. ranks 38th in the global life - expectancy league table , just below Cuba (! ) and just above Portugal .
Unfortunately , the reform bills that Congress has passed do n’t tackle some of the system ’s underlying problems , such as the lack of incentives to limit health - care expenditures .
Yes , there is financing for pilot schemes that might eventually generate some savings , and , yes , a new independent board of experts will be tasked with identifying possible cuts , but to conflate these initiatives with a guaranteed cure for cost inflation is to fall victim to wishful thinking .
Unless I am mistaken — and I hope I am — the reform will end up costing taxpayers considerably more than the Congressional Budget Office is predicting , and it wo n’t cover nearly as many people as hoped for .
In another decade or so , Congress will be back at work , trying to provide genuine universal coverage at a more affordable cost .
The problem is fundamental .
Setting aside the expansion of Medicaid and some long - overdue restrictions on the egregious behavior of health insurers , this is n’t really health - care “ reform ” : it is a significant expansion of the current system of private insurance , with the taxpayer footing the bill .
It is Mitt Romney ’s Massachusetts experiment writ large , a peculiar amalgam of egalitarian intent and corporate welfare : egalitarianism in the form of providing health care to those who ca n’t afford it ; corporate welfare in the form of paying corporations such as Aetna and Wellpoint generously to take on millions of new enrollees .
If the average American does n’t realize this , people on Wall Street do .
Since Obama ’s election , in November , 2008 , Aetna ’s stock has gone from $ 20 to $ 35 ; Wellpoint ’s has gone from $ 30 to $ 63 .
Even now , I do n’t think most people realize the size and scale of the subsidies involved in the new system .
Take a typical family of four earning $ 45,000 a year , which is about twice the poverty line and slightly lower than the median household income .
( No , you did n’t misread that statistic .
More than half the households in the United States earn less than $ 50,000 a year . )
Come 2014 , such a family will be entitled to buy a health - care policy for just above six per cent of their income , or $ 2,800 , with the government picking up the rest of the cost .
( If you want to see the figures for other incomes and family sizes , check out the excellent health - care calculator at the Washington Post . )
But what will be the excess cost that the taxpayer has to shoulder ?
Here is where things get murky .
After failing to find any definitive figures , I did some back - of - the - envelope sums of my own and came up with some rough estimates .
My actual figures should be treated with skepticism — if anybody knows of better ones , please let me know — but I hope they are accurate enough to illustrate the general point .
Using private insurance to expand health - care coverage is inordinately expensive !
According to the Kaiser Foundation , in 2008 the average health - insurance premium for a family of four for employer - based coverage was $ 12,680 .
Allowing for the subsequent inflation in costs , today ’s figure is probably close to $ 14,000 .
By 2014 , assuming health - care costs rise by five per cent a year , it will be about $ 17,000 .
If insurance companies on the new health exchanges were obligated to offer equivalent coverage , the subsidy per family would be at least $ 14,300 per family .
Put another way , the federal government would be providing the typical lower middle class American family with a new entitlement worth roughly thirty per cent of its pre-tax income .
In practice , the cost might be somewhat lower , because the health plans offered to individuals wo n’t be as comprehensive as group plans are .
Exactly what they will look like remains to be determined , but they will come in four varieties : bronze , silver , gold , and platinum .
The bronze plan will cover sixty per cent of all medical benefits ; the platinum plan will cover ninety per cent .
Since individual insurance generally offers fewer benefits and involves more cost sharing , in the form of deductibles and out - of - pocket expenses , it tends to be cheaper .
According to the Kaiser Foundation , the typical premium for non-group coverage for a family of three in 2006 / 2007 was $ 5,800 .
Adding a fourth member of the family ( to keep things comparable ) and allowing for inflation , brings this figure up to about $ 10,500 by 2014 .
But that figure does n’t include the cost of expanding coverage to include things the federal government ( quite reasonably ) wants covered .
The Senate bill says this : “ All plans must provide preventive and primary care , emergency services , hospitalization , physician services , outpatient services , day surgery and related anesthesia , diagnostic imaging and screenings ( including X - rays ) , maternity and newborn care , pediatric services ( including dental and vision ) , medical / surgical care , prescription drugs , radiation and chemotherapy , and mental health and substance abuse services … .
In addition , plans could charge no cost - sharing ( e.g. , deductibles , copayments ) … for preventive care services … .
Plans could also not include lifetime limits on coverage or annual limits on any benefits . ”
Even with cost - sharing on things other than preventative services , such plans wo n’t be cheap .
All told , it seems reasonable to assume that the price of a typical policy on the new health - care exchanges will be about midway between the price of existing group and non-group coverage , which would put it at roughly $ 13,750 in 2014 dollars , of which the family earning $ 45,000 would contribute about $ 2,800 .
( See addendum . )
The bottom line : a government subsidy of slightly more than $ 11,000 — or close to twenty - five per cent of the family ’s income — all of which will make its way into the coffers of a private health - care company .
Now , that is what I would call redistribution .
Off the top of my head , I ca n’t think of another federal program ( or tax policy ) that has been so generous to the working and lower - middle classes , at least at the outset .
As I noted in my earlier post , and as the Times ’s David Leonhardt points out in his column today , health - care reform dwarfs other recent programs designed to help the embattled , such as the Earned Income Tax Credit .
And given the way it is being paid for — or not paid for — it is far more progressive than Social Security , which is financed in a regressive manner .
PEAK - oil theorists , who claim that oil supplies cannot keep rising to meet global demand , have long been dismissed as scaremongers .
But in one area they are being proven right .
It is becoming clear that reserves of olive oil will peak in the coming decade , as climate change wipes out most of the groves in the Mediterranean , the main production zone .
The likes of Turkey will struggle to make up supply .
Russia , however , expects to profit handsomely : its steppes , freed of permafrost , will soon host vast olive groves ; a series of pipelines will send extra-virgin supplies westwards .
Yet not all are happy .
A Russian deal to pipe oil directly to Germany has caused dismay in central European countries that will be bypassed , potentially leaving salads undressed .
On Thursday April 1st several leaders in the region released a statement dismissing the German move as the worst sort of “ pal for oil joke ” .
Thomas Ricks , is the author of the excellent Iraq War chronicle “ Fiasco , ” thinks we have to keep 30,000 + troops in Iraq indefinitely :
By June , American troops may be leaving areas that are far from quiet , and where new tensions may be brewing as a result of the elections .
Once again , the United States would be rushing toward failure in Iraq , as it did so often under the Bush administration , trying to pass responsibility to Iraqi officials and institutions before they are ready for the task . [… ]
I think leaders in both countries may come to recognize that the best way to deter a return to civil war is to find a way to keep 30,000 to 50,000 United States service members in Iraq for many years to come .
Ricks is probably right that the civil war will re-intensify when we leave Iraq .
That ’s the inevitable outcome of taking the lid off a thousand year old sectarian rift between Shiites and Sunnis .
Saddam Hussein was only able to keep Iraq under control through brutality and fear .
The American experience has been similar ; we ’ve needed thousands of combat troops to keep the civil war at low simmer .
Even so , I ca n’t endorse the notion we should stay in Iraq forever .
Iraqis should take care of Iraqis , while Americans take care of Americans .
In case you have n’t noticed , we ’ve got our own problems .
A huge chunk of our population does n’t have access to basic medical care .
Our infrastructure is falling apart .
10 % of our people are unemployed .
Our national debt has exploded in part because we ’ve spent trillions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
We simply ca n’t afford to stay there forever .
Likewise , I reject the idea that it ’s our responsibility to prevent a civil war in Iraq in perpetuity .
Certainly our invasion stirred up the hornets nest , and for that we owe the Iraqi people a debt for their spilled blood that can never truly be repaid .
But ultimately this civil war is not about us .
It has it ’s roots in religious differences that go back over one thousand years .
American teenagers with rifles have n’t fixed it in seven years and they are n’t going to fix in 20 .
I urge the President to fulfill his campaign promise and get us the hell out of there before more blood and treasure is wasted delaying the inevitable .
( h/t Sully )
Foraging season is on !
In Northern California , Miner 's lettuce ( left ) and fennel ( right ) are perfect for the picking ; as the snow thaws on the eastern seaboard and Appalachia , locals are on the lookout for signs of ramps , and Midwesterners are gearing up for morel mushroom festivals .
Forest dwellers know there is only a limited window for harvesting fiddlehead ferns and it is near ; New Yorkers can sign up for foraging tours in Central and Prospect Park and learn how to make " Five Borough Salad " , and Los Angelenos are mapping the city streets for public domain fruit trees .
Miner 's Lettuce
Miner 's Lettuce ( above , left ) is a beautiful gem of a wild green .
It 's round , deep green and has a tiny white bloom in its center .
It grows after rainy season in big bunches , so it 's easy to harvest and it self sows , so you do n't have to be too worried about over - picking .
Dandelion Greens
You should have no problem finding and identifying these , and people will gladly let you harvest them from your yard .
While the entire plant — flower , root and leaf is edible , this time of year , focus on the leaf .
Harvest it before the flower comes so it 's small and not too bitter .
It has a bitter flavor and this can be balanced by cooking it with bacon or in a cream based soup , but that sort of negates some of the health benefits .
If it tastes bitter to you , stir - fry it with sweeter vegetables or grate raw beets onto salads to sweeten them up .
NYC Foraging Tours : " Wild Man " Steve Brill
Fiddlehead Ferns
Ferns are usually shade - loving plants , so they are often found in forests .
In early spring , they start to rise from the ground , in small , tightly curled formations that resemble the shape of a snail shell — or as it's name fiddlehead suggests , the spiral end of a fiddle .
The early blooms of ostrich or lady ferns are edible and should be harvested when 1.5 to 2 inches big and bright green in color .
Only take a few from each fern , as the fronds will not be able to come back if you take every fiddlehead and the fern will perish .
Use them right away –wash , trim the stems and cut off any brown scales and then sauté or steam them .
( Do n't eat them raw ) .
They are also delicious preserved in vinegar brine .
Wild Food Adventures .
Fennel
Since fennel ( above , right ) is often an invasive weed , do n't mind helping yourself .
In the spring , get the base or bulb of the fennel when it 's young .
These have a mild licorice taste and are great grilled .
( The stalks can be very fibrous and bland if they are older ) .
Young stalks are good diced into salads or sautéed for stuffing .
Once the feathery tops of the plant starts to flower , use these golden blossoms for their slight anise flavor and beauty –in a white wine sauce for clams .
Northern California : Learn foraging and cooking with wild foods at Relish Culinary .
Ramps : Wild Leeks
Ramps are a symbol of springtime , particularly in the southeast and ramp festivals abound in North Carolina , West Virginia , and Virginia .
But as spring progresses , they also are found in New England and the Great Lakes area .
Ramps favor the shade of forests , and are found along streams .
The overall plant is the size of a scallion , but the leaves differ as they are flat and broad and the bright green is tinted with maroon .
Crush a stem in your hand — it should smell like onions ; if it does not , do n't eat it .
Treat the leaves like spring onions –though some people get creative and make ramp kimchee , the wise cook them with bacon for breakfast biscuits .
The bulbs are often treated like garlic cloves and used to flavor sauces .
Tip :
When collecting ramps or other plants with bulbs , always replant the " baby " bulbs that cling to the main root .
The Native Americans practiced wild managing in this way , and vastly increased yields of wild edibles over time .
Ramps and Wild Leeks .
Morels
Do not start out mushroom foraging by yourself unless you have a generous kidney donor handy .
Find experts or attend festivals and tours to learn about finding the popular fungi , morels .
Morels are a springtime mushroom , often following the rains .
These are often pinched and twist out of the ground and wipe off any excess dirt off with a small brush .
Use them within a week .
A popular way of preparing them is to dip them in flour and then fry them in butter .
You can also grill morels , and eat them alongside a grilled steak or sauté them with spring asparagus in olive oil with a little garlic .
Save them for the dry season by making Morel Duxelles .
National Morel Mushroom Festival .
Visit City Dirt for a recipe for Morel Duxelles )
Fruit Tree Neighborhood Mapping Projects
The three artists who make up the collective called Fallen Fruit — Matias Viegener , David Burns , and Austin Young — started by mapping fruit trees in their neighborhood of Silver Lake , Los Angeles for a project for the Journal of Aesthetic protest .
They did some research and learned that it 's not illegal to take fruit in public areas , and trees that overhang public property .
They moved from mapping to fruit foraging parties that brought together about 40 - 90 strangers from all different ages .
These outings were followed by jam making parties that all the foragers participated in .
Fallen Fruit , Street Mapping Los Angeles .
Scott Cleland : Google Using 21 x
The Bandwidth They Pay For Paid baby bell consultant ain't gonna let you use his employer 's pipes for free !
If you recall , the network neutrality debate truly took off in the States back in 2005 , when former SBC ( now AT&T ) CEO Ed Whitacre told Business Week in an article that Google wanted to use Ed's " pipes " , for free .
" I ain't going to let them do that because we have spent this capital and we have to have a return on it , " insisted Ed at the time .
The comment confused a hell of a lot of people , given that both Google and Google 's users already pay for bandwidth .
To many , Ed 's logic seemed to share a resemblance to the South Park underpants gnomes .
It seems that Ed , lusting after Google 's huge advertising revenue , figured he would please investors if he could somehow offload necessary AT&T network upgrade expenses on to , well , someone other than AT&T .
In Ed's dream world , in addition to the bandwidth costs already paid by you and Google , you 'd both pay the troll under the bridge to use that connection .
Why ?
Just because .
Shut up !
While it 's absurd to think someone should pay an already hugely profitable business an extra " because we said so " toll so they do n't have to use existing funds for infrastructure , Ed 's point would become a core tenet in the church of telco - think .
It would , over the next few years , be dressed up by lobbyists and PR gurus to resemble something vaguely resembling a coherent argument , used around the world every time a telecom company wanted a slice of a content company 's revenues .
Enter the pseudo - scientists and public relations wizards .
Scott Cleland is a policy consultant paid by AT&T , Verizon and Time Warner Cable to sell his client 's Kool - Aid , and is frequently called to Washington as an " objective " industry analyst .
As Cleland 's blog attests , his employers have him spending most of his time lately attacking Google .
Why ?
Google has angered Cleland 's employers , by advocating network neutrality and increased broadband competition while fighting metered billing .
Why ?
So that Google can sell more advertisements to more people over a greater range of content delivery systems .
Internet connections could be more affordable for everyone , if Google paid its fair share of the Internet ’s cost .
- Scott Cleland
With the network neutrality debate reheating in DC , and two of his clients busy trying to sell the public on the idea of metered billing , Cleland has presented a new With the network neutrality debate reheating in DC , and two of his clients busy trying to sell the public on the idea of metered billing , Cleland has presented a new twenty seven page self - authored research study ( pdf ) that has taken Ed's original " free ride " premise to a new extreme .
This time , with graphs !
According to Cleland 's scientific - looking study , Google is using twenty one times the amount of bandwidth they actually pay for .
The report claims that Google ( or their users , the study intentionally fails to make the reference ) consumed 16.5 % of all U.S. consumer Internet traffic in 2008 , a total Cleland claims will grow to 25 % in 2009 and 37 % in 2010 .
In contrast , the search giant paid $ 344 million in 2008 for bandwidth , or 0.8 % of U.S. consumer ’s flat - rate monthly Internet access costs of $ 44.0 billion .
Cleland 's conclusion from this data ?
quote :
The core conclusion of the study is that any sustainable national broadband policy must ensure that the heaviest Internet users pay their fair share of Internet infrastructure costs .
It is neither economically rational nor equitable for the biggest users of , and beneficiaries from , shared resources to not share fairly in the recovery of costs .
Google does n't report how much they pay for bandwidth , so Cleland guesses by examining Google ’s 10 - Q and 10 - K filings with the SEC for 2007 and 2008 .
Google does n't specify anywhere how much bandwidth is consumed by Google 's webcrawling activities , so Cleland guesses there as well .
The report then forgets that Google owns much of their own fiber , data centers and undersea routes while direct peering with many carriers , which oh -- kind of undermines Cleland 's central thesis that Google does n't contribute to the infrastructure of the Internet .
Google does n't report how much they pay for bandwidth , so Cleland guesses by examining Google ’s 10 - Q and 10 - K filings with the SEC for 2007 and 2008 .
Google does n't specify anywhere how much bandwidth is consumed by Google 's webcrawling activities , so Cleland guesses there as well .
The report then forgets that Google owns much of their own fiber , data centers and undersea routes while direct peering with many carriers , which oh -- kind of undermines Cleland 's central thesis that Google does n't contribute to the infrastructure of the Internet .
Most importantly the report ignores that consumers are paying for much of this bandwidth on their end too , which brings us back full circle to Ed 's argument being dumb in the first place .
All noted , the report does a fantastic job of taking Ed Whitacre 's confused , greedy ramblings made three years ago , donning them with a coat of pseudo - science , and representing it ahead of a rekindled debate over network neutrality before DC lawmakers .
But it 's not objective science , and should n't be treated as such .
It 's public relations , designed to vilify Google while fostering Ed Whitacre 's dream of a future Internet where already very profitable companies do n't have to pay for their own expenses , and everyone is double or triple billed .
All noted , the report does a fantastic job of taking Ed Whitacre 's confused , greedy ramblings made three years ago , donning them with a coat of pseudo - science , and representing it ahead of a rekindled debate over network neutrality before DC lawmakers .
But it 's not objective science , and should n't be treated as such .
It 's public relations , designed to vilify Google while fostering Ed Whitacre 's dream of a future Internet where already very profitable companies do n't have to pay for their own expenses , and everyone is double or triple billed .
News Jump SpaceX Providing Internet To Towns Hit by Wildfires ; Verizon Launches New 5G Home Hardware In Twin Cities ; + more news Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 105 comments
redhatnation
Premium Member
join:2005-06-02
Woodbridge , VA 1 edit 3 recommendations redhatnation Premium Member Thank you , Karl Well written summary .
Would be nice if the various Congressional committees , the FTC , and the DOJ , who are sniffing around this issue read dslreports.com .
My friend Shauna sent me a link to this :
It ’s basically a nightstand that doubles as a shield and bat for fighting zombies .
And it will totally fucking get you killed .
I mean , I applaud the concept but as soon as you pull out the bat you ’re left with a giant exposed nail sticking out of the floor which you will immediately step on because it ’s night - time and you ca n’t even walk across the room without stubbing your toe on something even when there are n’t zombies all over your house and then you ’re going to bleed all over the floor and then you ’re doubly fucked because you know when someone asks if you want the last orange and you say no because you are n’t hungry but then as soon as they cut into it you smell the citrusy juices inside and then you decide that you totally do want that orange ?
Exactly .
You just became the orange .
Plus , now you ’re distracted because you have a nightstand base stuck in your foot like you ’re some sort of terrible shish - kabob .
Honestly , it ’s like zombies fucking designed this table .
And even if you do manage to kill the zombies and run out of your house you ’ll still have blood pouring from your shoe and then I ’m totally going to shoot you with my riot gun because I ca n’t see that well from my roof and I ’m going to assume that you got bit in the foot and I just want to put you out of your misery before you turn into a zombie because I ’m thoughtful that way .
And then I ’ll yell out “ STOP SCREAMING .
I ’M DOING THIS FOR YOU .
YOU’RE WELCOME ” and that will be the last thing that you ever hear .
Plus , then I ’ll probably go to hell because I ’m pretty sure you get forgiven for shooting an almost - zombie from your roof but I think if you shoot someone who just accidentally stepped on a nail that counts as murder no matter well - intentioned you are .
I do n’t know .
I have n’t gotten to the zombie part in the Bible yet .
I imagine it ’s probably a mortal sin though .
At best it ’s hard to defend .
So basically now we ’re all fucked .
Nice job , asshole .
Maybe stop being so inconsiderate with your poor choice in zombie furniture and instead keep a riot gun strapped to your roof like the rest of us .
PS .
I think I ’ve had too many energy drinks today but this is all still valid advice .
Comment of the day : Yeah … No .
I ’m just going to continue sleeping with a chainsaw under my bed .
Also , there ’s a surprise twist in the Bible .
Turns out * Jesus * is a zombie .
That ’s why we have Easter .
~ Beckles
MONTREAL - B y showing up at the opening of Michael Ignatieff 's thinkers ' conference , his predecessors almost stole the show .
But the well - publicized attendance of John Turner , Jean Chrétien , Paul Martin and Stéphane Dion served a larger purpose .
Their show of support for the conference helped put a firm lid on the issue with the most potential to derail the Liberal gathering : that of the leadership of the party .
But the Montreal conference may have set up the Liberals for even more divisive debates than the personality - driven exercise of yet another leadership campaign .
If the next platform is going to measure up to the policy yardstick of the weekend 's deliberations , the party and its caucus have a lot of soul - searching to do and some of it could be gut - wrenching .
To challenge their collective minds , the Liberals relied on a host of speakers whose careers have been devoted to speaking the truth to power and , on that score , Ignatieff may have got a bit more than he bargained for .
If there was a thread between the presentations , it is that the Liberals will not be able to address tomorrow 's challenges with yesterday 's recipes .
On the contrary , the notion that the party 's recent spell in power was a policy golden age was rather systematically debunked .
On health care for instance , the point was repeatedly made that the failure of recent Liberal governments to tackle the structural defects of the medicare financing model had left the system unequipped to deal with the upcoming double challenge of shrinking government revenues and a demographic shift to an older society .
The disconnect between the party 's green rhetoric on the environment in opposition and the reality of its inaction over the bulk of its governing decade was described as part and parcel of Canada 's ongoing failure to seriously address climate change .
On that score , the party 's decision to put its proposed carbon tax on the back burner after its last election loss was described by independent insiders of the energy / environment debate as politically expedient but short - sighted .
A lack of Liberal political fortitude emerged as a recurring theme of the proceedings .
It was most starkly described by former ambassador Robert Fowler .
He tracked the decline of Canada 's international influence to an unprincipled foreign policy that had its roots in the recent Liberal regimes and warned the party that it was in the process of losing its soul to opportunistic retail politics .
If the Montreal conference is to result in a resetting of the Liberal agenda , the operation would almost certainly have to involve casting aside some of the party 's long - held tenets .
Chrétien did just that when he embraced free trade and fiscal discipline in the '90s .
But he was already in power when he set out to reverse a decade of Liberal opposition rhetoric on both issues .
In opposition , Turner tried and failed to change the channel of the party 's conversation with francophone Quebec at great cost to his leadership .
More recently , Dion 's success in bringing his party around to biting the bullet of the fight against climate change through a carbon tax was as short - lived as his leadership .
Their respective demises speak to the perils of rattling the Liberal cage from the vulnerable position of Leader of the Official Opposition .
And that may account for why Ignatieff 's initial response to the conference – featuring a corporate tax freeze that could be past its sell - by date by the time the next election comes around , and a proposal to shift the institutional care of aging baby boomers onto their families to help control spiralling medicare costs – was so underwhelming .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
He said : " Iran is always determined to change confrontation to dialogue but the message from Tehran is that international community cannot tolerate the status quo and that the American threat must be condemned . "
America and other nations have accused Iran of working to acquire nuclear weapons by producing highly enriched uranium .
The UN has levied three rounds of sanctions on Iran in an attempt to force the country to change course .
By Lyse Doucet
BBC News , New York
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement For Mosab Hassan Yousef , everything begins and ends with God .
The startling journey of the eldest son of a Hamas leader , a Christian convert , and former Israeli spy , has shocked , angered , and intrigued .
We meet in New York on the day his new book , Son of Hamas , is published in the country he fled to a few years ago .
Before we start our interview , a burly man in his entourage asks his own question .
I take him for a bodyguard , possibly an Israeli .
" Could we say our prayers first ? " he asks our BBC team .
And then , they bow their heads in Christian prayer asking for God 's blessing .
Green Prince Mosab Hassan
Yousef repeatedly makes it clear in our wide - ranging interview that he now sees himself walking in the path of Jesus Christ , whom devout Christians regard as the son of God .
He says he is also suffering for his beliefs , " carrying the cross , " as Jesus did , as told in the Bible .
The man whose Israeli code name became the Green Prince admits how he has gone from being " a prince in my country to the lowest possible level , of being a traitor " .
But he is still a man on a mission : " I want my people to understand I am not doing what they want , but what they need . "
SHIN BET Referred to officially as Shabak in Hebrew or the Israel Security Agency in English Charged with defending against terrorism , subversion and espionage Interrogates suspected militants at special centres across Israel Has been accused of using torture against Palestinians
Hamas man 's son ' was Israel spy '
His book tells the story of a young man raised in a strict Muslim family in the Israeli - occupied West Bank , in the folds of the Hamas movement .
But he lands in an Israeli prison before he is 20 , experiences Israeli torture , but also witnesses torture by Hamas inmates against other Palestinians .
A young Palestinian 's rage against Israeli occupation is soon matched by growing hatred of what he sees as the corruption of the Palestinian Authority , the violent ideology of Hamas and finally the precepts of his own Islamic faith .
His mood is still surprisingly upbeat .
" I am more optimistic than at any time in the past , and hopeful about the future .
I am sure I will help my people as I helped them in the past , even though they did n't appreciate it . "
But he expressed hope that one day they would , even if it was not in his own lifetime .
Disowned Appearing relaxed , and dressed casually in jeans and an open - necked shirt , 32 - year - old Mosab said he wrote this book because what he did had " opened a thousand questions in everybody 's mind " .
He makes the bold assertion that in a decade of spying for the Israeli intelligence agency Shin Bet , he served his own agenda , not theirs .
" This is a dangerous statement , " he boasts , " but I say it with a lot of confidence . "
Sheikh Hassan
Yousef disowned his son from his family
He describes his agenda as " stopping bloodshed " - disrupting Palestinian suicide bombings against Israelis , and Israel 's assassination of Palestinian leaders , including his own father .
He claims to have stopped then - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon from killing several key Hamas members , and said he saved the life of current President Shimon Peres .
He said he had to do " the right thing " .
But this week his father , Sheikh Hassan Yousef , who is in an Israeli prison , disowned his son on behalf of the entire family .
" This is really hard , " Mosab admits .
" On the eve of releasing a book , I should celebrate with family members . "
But he believes his problem is not with his father , who has clearly been the most important person in his life .
" My problem is not with my father , but his God . "
' Not in hiding '
For a convert who speaks so strongly against Islam , and what he sees as its support for acts like suicide bombings , he shows no fear aside from the presence of his bodyguards .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service " I am not in hiding you can find out where I live on Facebook , " he says , referring to his page on the social media site .
He and his aides make a point of letting us know his book will soon be published in Arabic .
Most copies will be free .
Mosab says neither Shin Bet nor Hamas tried to prevent his story from being published .
But he flashes a smile as he reflects on the irony that both organisations shared the same interest in stopping it .
Barely suppressing a wide grin , he says he has more secrets to reveal but will not do it now , lest he harm operations that may be underway .
For now , he says he is spending time " building many bridges " .
But he admits he has also burnt some old ones .
The interview over , he is still thinking about his God .
He looks me in the eye and says " I think you are a Christian " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the past week , a Facebook group dedicated to praying for President Obama ’s death has been arousing both condemnations and demands that it be taken down .
Now MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann has made the group one of his Worst Persons in the World .
“ It has a million Facebook friends , ” Olbermann began .
“ It is filled with doctored photos of the president .
And it is dedicated to what one of the lunatic fringe Bible - thumpers called ‘ imprecatory prayer ’ for President Obama to die . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
After noting the complaints , which include a Facebook petition to have the page removed , Olbermann remarked , “ I ’d like to suggest a better idea .
These people evidently believe imprecatory prayer works — that you can pray another person to death .
History would suggest otherwise . ”
“ But if they believe it , ” he continued , smiling slyly , “ what would their lives be like if they knew everybody else was making imprecatory prayers for God to kill them ? ”
“ They ’d crap their pants , ” Olbermann concluded with a wide grin .
“ And it would n’t even work — but keep your site , and the rest of us will , you know , keep you in our prayers . ”
The Facebook page begins with a common email “ joke , ” reading , “ DEAR LORD , THIS YEAR YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTOR , PATRICK SWAYZIE [ sic ] .
YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTRESS , FARAH FAWCETT .
YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE SINGER , MICHAEL JACKSON .
I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW , MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT IS BARACK OBAMA .
AMEN . ”
The most offensive aspects of the page , however , are the racist images and the many approving comments , some saying things like “ I will now pray more often and this will be my focus , ” and other merely crude and insulting .
ADVERTISEMENT
Facebook has declined to take the page down , saying that although it “ may be considered distasteful and objectionable to some , ” it does n’t violate their policies .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast April 29 , 2010 .
Zora Neale Hurston , a black writer , ethnographer , presumed lesbian and all - around badass , was born on this day in 1891 .
Hurston ’s most famous work , Their Eyes Were Watching God , is required reading in classrooms across the nation .
Hurston is said to have lived and wrote out of the context of white people , meaning that she did not study black people in relation to white people , but black people as their own , independent culture .
She also opposed the Supreme Court decision on Brown v. the Topeka Board of Education , which integrated schools and declared “ separate is not equal , ” because she believed it told black teachers that they were not good enough to teach black students .
She also heavily studied the voodoo and hoodoo culture in New Orleans and was an up - and - comer during the Harlem Renaissance .
Her works , which fell into oblivion following her death , were revived by Alice Walker , author of The Color Purple .
To learn more about Hurston , watch this short video on 365 gay.com or read a brief bio here .
Seven Languages in Seven Weeks
A Pragmatic Guide to Learning Programming Languages
by Bruce A. Tate
You should learn a programming language every year , as recommended by The Pragmatic Programmer .
But if one per year is good , how about Seven Languages in Seven Weeks ?
In this book you ’ll get a hands - on tour of Clojure , Haskell , Io , Prolog , Scala , Erlang , and Ruby .
Whether or not your favorite language is on that list , you ’ll broaden your perspective of programming by examining these languages side - by - side .
You ’ll learn something new from each , and best of all , you ’ll learn how to learn a language quickly .
eBook Formats : PDF for desktop / tablets
epub for Apple Books , e-readers
mobi for Kindle readers Get all eBook formats here for $ 25.00 Add to Cart Paperback Formats : Order via Bookshop ( U.S. Only )
Please support indie bookstores !
Find a U.S. bookstore .
Find an EU bookstore .
Just as each new spoken language can make you smarter and increase your options , each programming language increases your mental tool kit , adding new abstractions you can throw at each new problem .
Knowledge is power .
The Seven in Seven series builds on that power across many different dimensions .
Each chapter in each book walks you through some nontrivial problem with each language , or database , or web server .
These books take commitment to read , but their impact can be profound .
Ruby , Io , Prolog , Scala , Erlang , Clojure , Haskell .
With Seven Languages in Seven Weeks , by Bruce A . Tate , you ’ll go beyond the syntax — and beyond the 20 - minute tutorial you ’ll find someplace online .
This book has an audacious goal : to present a meaningful exploration of seven languages within a single book .
Seven Languages hits what ’s essential and unique about each language and will help teach you how to grok new languages .
For each language , you ’ll solve a nontrivial problem , using techniques that show off the language ’s most important features .
You ’ll discover the strengths and weaknesses of each language while dissecting the process of learning languages quickly — for example , finding the typing and programming models , decision structures , and how you interact with them .
Among this group of seven , you ’ll explore the most critical programming models of our time .
Learn the dynamic typing that makes Ruby , Python , and Perl so flexible and compelling .
Understand the underlying prototype system that ’s at the heart of JavaScript .
See how pattern matching in Prolog shaped the development of Scala and Erlang .
Discover how pure functional programming in Haskell is different from the Lisp family of languages , including Clojure .
Explore the concurrency techniques that are quickly becoming the backbone of a new generation of Internet applications .
Find out how to use Erlang ’s let - it - crash philosophy for building fault - tolerant systems .
Understand the actor model that drives concurrency design in Io and Scala .
Learn how Clojure uses versioning to solve some of the most difficult concurrency problems .
It ’s all here , all in one place .
Use the concepts from one language to find creative solutions in another — or discover a language that may become one of your favorites .
What You Need
Resources
Releases :
P5.0
P4.0
P3.0
P2.0
Contents & Extracts
Foreword
Introduction
Ruby
Io excerpt
Prolog excerpt
Scala
Erlang
Clojure
Haskell
Wrap-up
Bibliography
Author
runs RapidRed , an Austin , TX - based practice that consults on lightweight development in Ruby .
Previously he worked at IBM in roles ranging from a database systems programmer to Java consultant .
He left IBM to work for several startups in roles ranging from Client Solutions Director to CTO .
He speaks internationally and is the author of more than ten books , including From Java to Ruby , Deploying Rails Applications , the best - selling Bitter series , Beyond Java , and the Jolt - winning Better , Faster , Lighter Java .
Five days .
That 's how long we have to wait before finding out why on God 's green earth the stars of CBS 's " The Big Bang Theory " are dressing up as some of the finest heroines the DC Universe has to offer .
No , your eyes do n't deceive you .
This is a picture of Simon " Howard " Helberg as Batgirl , Jim " Sheldon " Parsons as Wonder Woman , Johnny " Leonard " Galecki as Supergirl and Kunal " Raj " Nayyar as Catwoman - Halle Berry 's Catwoman , to be precise .
While " Big Bang Theory " executive producer Bill Prady would n't reveal why the show 's cast members are running around in superheroine drag , many are already suspecting that the turn of events has something to do with the return of Wil Wheaton .
Beyond that , Prady is acting cagey .
" I will say this , " he told Michael Ausiello at Entertainment Weekly .
" This is not the worst thing that happens to someone in this episode . "
Something worse than dressing somebody up as Halle Berry 's Catwoman ?
I am officially intrigued .
[ Source : Entertainment Weekly ]
Actually , this is n't just one photograph -- it 's a composite of 31 different images , taken in the shadow of the solar eclipse that passed over Asia and parts of the Pacific back in July for 6 minutes and 39 seconds .
That 's the longest solar eclipse anyone on Earth will witness this century ; a longer one is n't coming until 2132 .
Mathematician and eclipse photographer Miloslav DruckmÃ¼ller did n't waste a second of it , positioned with a team of colleagues on Enewetak Atoll in the South Pacific , which just happens to be where the first hydrogen bomb was tested by the United States back in 1952 .
( Sounds like the setup to an un-aired episode of Lost , but anyway . )
The photo shows the solar corona that make up the sun's " atmosphere " in glorious detail .
Its whorls and loops extend millions of miles into space , are nearly 200 times hotter than the visible surface of the sun , and yet are n't nearly as bright ( by a factor of something like a million ) , hence , we can only see them during eclipses .
I love the delicate beauty of this photo , and how it makes various features of the corona so plainly visible , like the difference in activity around its polar regions , as well as the dim , cratered surface of the moon .
Ain't the universe purdy ?
[ Photo via Scientific American . ]
The next critical mass cycle will take place from 6 pm @ Spanish Arch on Friday October 28th , as part of the Convergence festival running from Monday 24th to Friday 28th October 2016 .
Everyone welcome , see you there !
Download the bike tags and tag bikes with them to spread the word !
【あ】 秋元町／明戸／新井／荒川／石塚／伊勢方／稲荷町／稲荷町北／今泉／後榛沢／内ケ島／上野台／江原／大塚島／大塚／大谷／岡／岡里／岡部／起会／小前田／折之口 【か】 樫合／柏合／上柴町西／上柴町東／上手計／上原／上増田／萱場／川本明戸／北阿賀野／北根／櫛引／櫛挽／沓掛／黒田／国済寺／国済寺町／寿町 【さ】 境／栄町／桜ケ丘／下手計／宿根／白草台／新戒／上敷免／菅沼／瀬山 【た】 高島／高畑／田所町／田中／田谷／血洗島／天神町／常盤町／戸森 【な】 中瀬／仲町／長在家／永田／成塚／西大沼／西島町／西田／沼尻 【は】 蓮沼／畠山／幡羅町／原郷／針ケ谷／榛沢／榛沢新田／東大沼／東方／東方町／人見／深谷町／普済寺／藤野木／二ツ小屋／堀米／本郷／本田／本田ケ谷 【ま】 前小屋／曲田／町田／緑ケ丘／南阿賀野／見晴町／宮ケ谷戸／武蔵野／本住町 【や 】
矢島/谷之/山河/山崎/横瀬 駅名 JR東日本 高崎線 :深谷駅 岡部駅 JR東日本 上越新幹線 : 熊谷駅 秩父鉄道 秩父本線 : 明戸駅 武川駅 永田駅 ふかや花園駅 小前田駅 国道 国 道17 号 : 深谷バイパス 上武道 路 国道140号 :国道 140号バイパス 国 道254 号 公園 埼玉県農林公園 サングリーンパーク 深谷城址公園 下台池公園 つばき公園 上柴中央公園 白草台運動公園 ほたるの里公園 東公園 柴崎公園 深谷グリーンパーク 仙元山公園 中央公園 畑山重忠史跡公園 東方公園 北部運動公園 常盤公園 折之口ふれあい公園 公共施設 岡部図書館 川本図書館 こども情報交流図書 館( アクロス ) 深谷市民文化会館 深谷市花園文化会館アドニス 深谷市総合体育館( 深谷ビッグタートル ) 岡 部B&G海洋センター 深谷グリーンパーク・パディオ 北部運動公園 豊里グラウンド すぱーく深谷 中瀬グラウンド 岡部中央グラウンド 花園総合運動公園 ふかや緑の王国 くれよんかん 渋沢栄一記念 館
市内に6つの川が流れ、勾配が少なく平坦地で構成されている深谷市。新幹線の駅はありませんが、特急「スワローあかぎ」号が停車し、高崎線の中でも利便性の高い駅です。大正時代に竣工した旧東京駅の建設時、深谷に所在する日本煉瓦製造社で製造されたレンガが使用されていたことにちなみ、深谷駅の駅舎も東京駅を模したデザインとなっていることも大きな特徴です。深谷駅のタクシープールにはふっかちゃんの人形が時間毎に踊る時計が設置されてかわいい光景を目する事ができます。ゆるかわグランプリにて上位入賞をはたして全国区に上り詰め結構の知名度を誇るふっかちゃんですが、頭からウサギの耳のようにネギが出ているのが特徴的です、市では積極的にこれを押して毎年多く予算がこれに使われてきました、実際宣伝効果としては各メディアへの露出などを考えるとある一定の効果があったものの、それ以上に市内での盛り上がりがそれほどでもないのが若干残念な部分ではあります。ゴミ収集車や公共施設には無理やりふっかちゃんをマウントさせて描かれている物も多数存在し、徹底ぶりは認められる者の行き着く先が若干見えにくい感じにも見られます。
県内でも晴れの日が多い街として知られ、良質な土が採取できることから、東京駅の駅舎としても使われたレンガの製造が盛んに行われていました。深谷駅がレンガ調に作られているのは東京駅を模したという部分もありますが、そもそも深谷でのレンガが多く生産されていた事から駅そのものをレンガ調にしたという事です。近年に完成した深谷市の新庁舎にもレンガが使われたデザインになっています。また古くから農業も盛んで、中でも「深谷ねぎ」は生産量日本一を誇り、農業出荷額でも県内1位を誇っています。また近年では「深谷牛」も彩の国の名産品のひとつとして注目を集めています。
また、渋沢栄一生誕の地としても2020年は1万円札に肖像画に採用されるなど注目を浴びる深谷市であります。渋沢栄一にあやかろうと市内の商工業社では渋沢栄一グッツが多く販売されており今後発行時にはもっと盛り上がる事間違えない深谷市といえます。
A car bomb exploded last night outside the courthouse in Newry , Northern Ireland , police said .
There were no initial reports of any injuries in the blast .
Police said the vehicle was abandoned at the front of the building in the Co Down town at around 10 pm .
Officers were in the process of evacuating the area when the car exploded .
Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward said : " This is an act of senseless violence by a small handful of people who refuse to accept the people 's overwhelming support for the peace process .
The best message that could be sent to them is a powerful rejection of violence through the completion of devolution . "
Suspicion is bound to fall on republican dissidents opposed to the peace process .
The incident comes only days after a mortar bomb failed to detonate outside a police station in the nearby Co Armagh village of Keady .
The chairman of the nationalist SDLP in Newry , Gary McKeown , condemned those responsible .
" Lives could have been lost as a result of this bombing , " he said .
" It serves absolutely no purpose and does nothing for the community , or the cause of a united Ireland .
If people want to advance their beliefs , they should enter the democratic process and debate with their political opponents , rather than resorting to violence .
Planting bombs outside courthouses will achieve nothing . "
Earlier this month , police on both sides of the Irish border launched separate operations against dissident republicans .
Police in Northern Ireland arrested two men and a woman in connection with the murder of Constable Stephen Carroll , the first PSNI officer killed by terrorists in the province .
The Continuity IRA shot the 48 - year - old policeman dead on a housing estate in Craigavon , County Armagh , on 9 March last year .
His murder came just 48 hours after the Real IRA killed two British soldiers outside the Massereene barracks in Antrim .
In September police discovered a massive 600 lb bomb in the south Armagh village of Forkhill .
On Sunday , Republican Sinn Féin , political allies of the Continuity IRA , claimed masked undercover soldiers carried out surveillance on two housing estates in Lurgan , Co Armagh , in recent weeks .
They claimed the men were scouting the areas in white civilian vans .
Republican Sinn Féin said the soldiers belonged to the Special Reconnaissance Regiment .
The alleged presence of SRR soldiers – formerly known as the 14th Intelligence Unit – is controversial because British troops are meant to have been pulled off the streets , especially in nationalist areas .
Hours before sharing the stage with a randy panda on the first date of his " Legally Prohibited from Being Funny on Television " tour , Conan O'Brien broke out his best mockney accent and performed a cover of Radiohead 's " Creep " during soundcheck .
In addition to being generally excellent , this also secures his place as the FoHo 's funnyman of choice despite all basic cable odds .
In terms of brilliance , Coco 's performance ranks somewhere between Weezer 's rendition and Amanda Palmer 's version , but clearly stands tall above this limp retread by ( shudder ) Korn .
UC Irvine neurobiologists are providing the first visual evidence that learning promotes brain health -- and , therefore , that mental stimulation could limit the debilitating effects of aging on memory and the mind .
Using a novel visualization technique they devised to study memory , a research team led by Lulu Chen and Christine Gall found that everyday forms of learning animate neuron receptors that help keep brain cells functioning at optimum levels .
These receptors are activated by a protein called brain - derived neurotrophic factor , which facilitates the growth and differentiation of the connections , or synapses , responsible for communication among neurons .
BDNF is key in the formation of memories .
" The findings confirm a critical relationship between learning and brain growth and point to ways we can amplify that relationship through possible future treatments , " says Chen , a graduate researcher in anatomy & neurobiology .
Study results appear in the early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences for the week of March 1 .
In addition to discovering that brain activity sets off BDNF signaling at the sites where neurons develop synapses , researchers determined that this process is linked to learning - related brain rhythms , called theta rhythms , vital to the encoding of new memories .
Theta rhythms occurring in the hippocampus involve numerous neurons firing synchronously at a rate of three to eight times per second .
These rhythms have been associated with long - term potentiation , a cellular mechanism underlying learning and memory .
In rodent studies , the team found that both unsupervised learning and artificial application of theta rhythms triggered BDNF signaling at synapse creation sites .
" This relationship has implications for maintaining good brain health , " says Gall , a professor of anatomy & neurobiology .
" There is evidence that theta rhythms weaken as we age , and our discoveries suggest that this can result in memory impairment .
On the other hand , they suggest that staying mentally active as we age can keep neuronal BDNF signaling at a constant rate , which may limit memory and cognitive decline . "
Researchers are now exploring whether learning - induced growth signals decrease with age and , if so , whether this can be reversed with a new family of experimental drugs .
UCI psychiatry & human behavior professor Gary Lynch , postdoctoral fellow Christopher Rex , and undergraduate researchers Yas Sanaiha and Danielle Pham also worked on the study , which received support from the National Institutes of Health and the National Institute of Mental Health .
Call it primary care ’s version of the gated community .
As health care reform adds millions more Texans to state insurance rolls , wait times for appointments could creep from weeks to months .
The new premium for patients who can pay ?
Simply getting in .
Some Texas physicians are charging retainers — yearly membership fees upward of $ 1,000 per patient — in return for capping their practice size and offering sick member - patients same - day appointments .
Some refuse to accept insurance , limiting their practices to patients who can pay them directly .
Others are being creative with the “ health club ” model , charging members an annual fee , then sending nurse practitioners out to make house and office calls when patients need care .
It ’s not just convenient for the patient .
Primary - care physicians who ’ve left the traditional payment model say they can make more money and spend more time with patients when they ’re not under financial pressure to see 40 or 50 of them a day .
“ Each physician has to practice in the way that he or she believes will permit the best care of patients , ” says Louis Goodman , executive vice president of the Texas Medical Association and president of the nonprofit Physicians Foundation .
“ Frankly , the new health law very well may force more physicians to consider restricted practice models . ”
But at what cost to the patients who ca n’t afford them ?
And the doctors who continue to run traditional practices ?
There ’s already a growing primary - care shortage in Texas .
Health experts say that if more doctors head into so - called “ concierge ” care , low - income Medicare or Medicaid patients — some of Texas ’ sickest — will face even longer waits for care from an ever - dwindling selection of physicians .
And the doctors who continue to accept their insurance will be increasingly overburdened .
“ Could it create an economic divide between people who can afford to access timely health care services and people who can ’t ? ” asks Tom Banning , CEO of the Texas Academy of Family Physicians .
“ It ’s an absolute possibility . ”
Government officials expect the health care reform law that passed in Washington this year to eventually add 30 million patients to insurance rolls — perhaps as many as 4 million of them in Texas .
At the same time , the primary - care physician shortage is only mounting .
Experts anticipate the U.S. will be 100,000 family doctors short by 2025 , leading to massive wait times for care .
Increasingly , primary - care doctors report being overwhelmed and underpaid — swamped with new patients and forced to see as many of them as possible to make up for slashed reimbursements .
Already , the average patient in Dallas and Houston waits roughly 20 days to see a primary - care physician , according to a 2009 survey by the consulting firm Merritt Hawkins and Associates .
The primary - care wait in Massachusetts leapt to 50 days in 2006 when the state passed a law requiring residents to have health insurance , as newly covered patients sought out doctors instead of emergency rooms for care .
Texas has far more uninsured people than Massachusetts ever did , and they will soon be required to buy insurance or be eligible for Medicaid .
The concierge model “ is based on having many fewer patients , and you ’re their personal physician , ” says Dr. Lori Heim , president of the American Academy of Family Physicians .
While her organization “ does n’t judge ” doctors who use that business plan , she says , “ in areas where there ’s already a shortage [ of primary care doctors ] , that will obviously limit others ’ access to a physician . ”
Dr. Chris Ewin , a family practice physician in Fort Worth , believes the retainer and direct - pay models are part of the solution , not the problem .
He says that when doctors realize they can make more money , build better relationships and see fewer patients per day by having a “ direct financial relationship ” with them , more of them will go into primary care instead of entering more lucrative fields .
That , in turn , will alleviate the primary - care shortage .
“ We ’re finding that if we can make our practices smaller but be financially viable , we can change health care and attract the youngest and brightest physicians back into primary care , ” says Ewin , who charges an annual fee to his patients for unlimited access to care , including text messaging , e-mails and same - day service .
“ In my opinion , working directly with patients — no insurance , Medicare , Medicaid — is one of the only viable options left . ”
Austin venture capitalist Bob Fabbio says he ’s found another .
He launched WhiteGlove House Call Health after a particularly frustrating trip to the doctor ( he left the house at 9 a.m. and did n’t get home until 2 p.m. ) .
Under his model , WhiteGlove members pay an annual fee of roughly $ 400 and get a nurse practitioner to make a house or work call when they ’re ill for a $ 35 co-pay .
Included in the visit are free generic prescription medications , an updated electronic medical record transmitted by wireless tablets and enough Gatorade and chicken soup to get through the next 24 hours of a cold or flu .
The system is broken when “ your ability to get care comes at the convenience of the provider , ” Fabbio says .
“ We bring care to those who want it , on their terms . ”
Private physician groups estimate that just 1,000 doctors nationally have moved into these alternative pay models .
It ’s a big risk :
They have to believe their patients are willing or able to pay for it .
But anecdotally , these groups say they ’re hearing about more and more doctors embracing it .
When the uninsured masses who have long avoided the doctor suddenly have health coverage , they expect the wealthy to pay for the convenience of having personalized “ concierge ” care .
Fabbio stops shorts of describing WhiteGlove as “ concierge ” medicine , which he says “ connotes the affluent reserving a doctor . ”
Though he originally targeted baby boomers “ willing to pay handsomely , ” he quickly saw that WhiteGlove was as affordable as a gym membership .
He now has as many uninsured customers as insured ones , he says , and offers his company ’s services through several different insurance providers .
“ We ’re concierge medicine on steroids , and catering to the masses , ” he said .
“ Everybody can afford it . ”
Fifty percent of respondents to the latest " 60 Minutes " / Vanity Fair poll said they would support an openly gay person to serve as president .
Forty - four percent said they were opposed .
The question was posed in connection to the military 's plans to do away with the " Do n't ask , do n't tell policy , " which currently prohibits gay and lesbian members from serving openly in the military .
The poll tested people 's comfort with an openly gay president against two other political positions : Supreme Court justice and secretary of State .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fifty - five percent said they 're comfortable with an openly gay justice , while 40 percent said they 're opposed .
Fifty - six percent said they could support an openly gay secretary of State , while 39 percent were opposed .
Poll respondents ' support increased for sports figures :
Sixty - one percent said they'd back a gay commissioner of baseball , and 62 percent said they could support an openly gay quarterback in the Super Bowl .
The poll , conducted Feb. 26 - March 1 , has a 3 percent margin of error .
Throughout diverse subject matter , Rolling Thunder # 9 subtly explores issues of legitimacy .
Who is entitled to speak , to act , to organize ?
How important is legitimacy in the public eye , and how can anarchists cultivate it ?
What are the drawbacks of pursuing various kinds of legitimacy ?
As usual , one must read between the lines of on - the - ground news coverage and analysis to seek the answers — and , more significantly , the further questions they suggest .
Following up on our coverage of the 2008 DNC and RNC protests , this issue of Rolling Thunder appraises anarchist action at the 2009 G20 summit , detailing the background of the mobilization , mapping conflict throughout the city , and analyzing the factors that determined the strategies of the police and protesters .
The accompanying Pittsburgh scene report examines the decade of local organizing that prepared the ground for this and other confrontations , deriving lessons relevant to communities around the country .
Elsewhere within , this issue scrutinizes protest and resistance on campus — from the recent student occupation movement in the US to the campaign to shut down a fascist organization at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Overseas , we survey Smash EDO , a British anti-military campaign that tests some of the hypotheses advanced in coverage of the SHAC campaign in Rolling Thunder # 6 .
This issue also includes Russian history from the “ time of troubles ” to Kropotkin ’s escape from prison , reviews of Uri Gordon ’s Anarchy Alive ! and the obscurantist publication Politics Is Not a Banana , and more of the reflections and witticisms that set Rolling Thunder apart as a peerless exemplar of “ how beautiful anarchist journals can be . ”
Starting with this issue , we ’ll also be complementing each issue of Rolling Thunder with an online supplement offering additional information , links , and materials .
Among other things , the supplement to this issue features maps of action during the Pittsburgh G20 protests , a PDF of the newspaper wrap anarchists used in their campaign against a fascist student group , and a FAQ flier answering objections to militant antifascist organizing commonly posed by partisans of liberal democracy .
Rolling Thunder # 9 Online Supplement
Pittsburgh G20 Summit
The coverage of the G20 summit in Rolling Thunder # 9 fills out and refines reports that appeared earlier on this website , including eyewitness accounts , analysis of police strategy , and a general assessment of the organizing .
It also includes painstakingly assembled maps [ PDF , 356 KB ] charting movements and confrontations throughout the primary day of action , which should be invaluable for future anarchist strategizing :
Map of the crowd movements and clashes in Pittsburgh during the chief actions against the G20 summit .
Student Occupations from New York to California
This issue includes accounts from the occupations of the New School in NYC December 2008 and April 2009 and University of California at Berkeley the following November–two formative incidents in the development of the student movement that came to a head March 4 , 2010 , the day after this issue was released .
To read more about recent outbreaks of student insurgency , one might begin with :
After the Fall , a paper collecting statements from participants in the 2009 occupations in California
7 - Day Weekend , a UC Santa Cruz newsletter covering the same subject in somewhat plainer language
The New School Reoccupied , focusing on occupation and resistance at the New School in NYC
Occupy CA , a frequently updated blog detailing the occupation movement throughout California and the world
Shutting Down “ Youth for Western Civilization ”
This issue takes an in - depth view of the struggle that played out on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill between local radicals and the fascist student group Youth for Western Civilization .
Much of the corporate and campus news coverage of these events is now apparently offline , but one can still read anarchist coverage of some of the important moments of the conflict here :
Protesters Kick Racist Speaker Off Campus
Youth for Western Civilization Co-Founder Faces Sentencing on Hate Crime
Media Saboteurs Take on Youth for Western Civilization
Youtube still has some footage up of the initial disruption , when anti-immigrant politician Tom Tancredo was prevented from speaking .
Some of this is from right - wing cranks who cry about the “ free speech ” of an ex-congressman while police are beating , peppers - spraying , and tasering student protesters .
To download the “ Special Anti-Racist Issue ” that anarchists used to wrap copies of the “ real ” campus paper on the first day of the fall 2009 semester , click here [ PDF , 717 KB ] .
Anarchists also distributed a text entitled “ War by Other Means , ” elucidating the ways that the notion of the university as a “ marketplace of ideas ” serves to obscure the real power relationships at work in conflicts such as the struggle over YWC .
Finally , retired professor Elliot Cramer , who briefly served as the group ’s advisor before protesters provoked him into getting himself forcibly removed by the administration , maintains his own online archive of material relating to the Youth for Western Civilization debacle — albeit from his own skewed perspective .
Bonus for extra credit : A moronic newscaster attempts to combine “ university ” and “ diversity ” into one word : “ unidiversity . ”
Even liberals should find it somewhat distressing that anarchist editing standards are higher than those of the corporate outlets charged with producing informed voters .
Free Speech
To fill out the coverage of the Youth for Western Civilization fracas , this issue examines the ways that the rhetoric of free speech is used to suppress dissent and fortify the legitimacy of those in power .
For the convenience of anti-fascist organizers , we ’ve prepared a FAQ PDF addressing common objections to militant resistance to fascism .
Print these out and distribute them next time you shut down a KKK rally or an anti-immigrant speaking event and all the liberals are crying that you “ killed democracy . ”
Pittsburgh Scene Report
The Pittsburgh scene report in Rolling Thunder # 9 spans the past one - hundred - and - forty years of anarchist activity in the city , zooming in on the opening decade of the 21st century .
Here ’s an incomplete list of contemporary projects in Pittsburgh that either are explicitly anarchist , involve a lot of anarchists , or are consistent with anarchist ethics :
Pittsburgh Organizing Group - longtime anarchist organizers
Greater Pittsburgh Anarchist Collective and Anti-Racist Action
Landslide Community Farm
The BigIdea Radical Bookstore
Pittsburgh Indymedia and Rustbelt Radio
Bash Back
Food Not Bombs
Pittsburgh Association for the Abolition of Vivisection
Rusty Strings Collective - Pittsburgh folk punk
Howling Mob Society - anarchist historical society
Book ‘ Em books - to - prisoners program
Free Ride - do - it - yourself bicycle repair Critical Mass
Thomas Merton Center - for peace and justice organizing
FedUp ! - prisoner defense letter - writing group
East End Mutual - Aid Association - anarchist community organizing in the neighborhoods of Bloomfield , Garfield , Friendship , and East Liberty
Media release : May 10 , 2009 – Fathers4 Equality respond to recent comments by the Chief Justice of the Australian Family Court
A case of poor judgment
The Chief Justice of the Family Court , Diana Bryant , has recently launched an extraordinary attack on Australia ’s internationally regarded 2006 Family Law amendments , 1 by writing to the Attorney - General and asking him to urgently repeal important provisions within the amendments .
According to Ash Patil , President of shared parenting group Fathers4 Equality , “ These provisions in the family law act were specifically implemented to reduce the epidemic of false allegations and parental alienation that permeate every corridor of the Family Law Courts , to the clear detriment of the innocent children caught in the cross - fire .
But Bryant wants them removed , and fails to explain how the innocent victims of maliciously false allegations would be protected without them . ”
James Adams adds ,
“ What is more astonishing it seems is that unlike the parliamentary committee that recommended these laws in the first place , the Chief Justice has not consulted widely before making such an extraordinary intervention ( in fact she has not consulted with any fathers ’ groups at all ) .
Rightly or wrongly , Bryant will now be perceived to have compromised views on this issue , denying her the opportunity to have played a unifying force in the process of family law reform in this country , much like the wasted opportunities of her predecessor . ”
The two provisions Bryant wants specifically removed include :
the order of costs , at the Judge ’s discretion , against a parent who has been proven to have “ knowingly ” made false allegation in Court , and
unspecified actions , at the Judges ’s discretion , against a parent who has purposely alienated or deliberately maligned the children against the other parent
The importance of these provisions
Patil explains that “ These provisions have been specifically implemented to reduce the disturbingly common practices by some separated parents in making contrived and sinister allegations in Court against the other parent , and to otherwise engage in concerted efforts to destroy the relationship between the child and the other parent .
This is done knowing full well the children will be irrevocably harmed in the process , both psychologically and emotionally .
Yet it goes on and will continue to go on given human nature , unless we have laws to help it stop . ”
“ So these are ‘ good ’ , modest provisions designed to stop misguided parents from misusing the system and abusing innocent children . ”
Introduced only after extensive community consultation
According to Adams , “ These provisions were agreed to by a bi-partisan parliamentary committee ( both Labor and Libs / Nats ) that went around Australia canvassing the views of all Australians for over two years .
Finally this committee was so appalled at the extent of institutional abuse in the Family Court that it recommended measures to protect innocent children and parents who were victims of contrived allegations and parental alienation by spiteful ex-partners . ”
“ But Bryant wants to override the will of the Australian people 2 and the will of Parliament , 3 and to completely remove all disincentives against lying in the Family Court ”
Really soft penalty for a very serious crime
Patil , who claims that many F4E members are subjected to false allegations , states that “ Proving that someone has ‘ knowingly ’ made false allegations rather than ‘ mistakenly ’ or ‘ recklessly ’ is quite a tall order .
The standard of proof in these matters is a very tough hurdle to pass , and as a result ‘ knowingly false ’ allegations have only been proven in a relatively few cases 4in recent years .
If they are proved , they may result in a costs order , although this has been rarely applied in children ’s matters by the judiciary . ”
“ Now given that perjury in any other Australian court may result in 10 years or more jail time , one must be mindful of the fact that this is a really soft penalty for a very serious crime .
It is a provision however that can work as a disincentive , albeit a modest one , in dissuading many parents from lying in the Family Court in the first place . ”
“ So these are ‘ good ’ , modest provisions designed as a disincentive to those misguided parents who may in a moment of weakness be tempted to make contrived allegations in Court . ”
Measured responses to issues of concern
Patil and Adams are frustrated by the logic used by the Chief Justice , and Patil adds that “ Bryant justifies the need for these changes by suggesting that some people have misunderstood these provisions .
Even if this is true , her suggested fix is a remarkable over - reaction to an issue that could be addressed through a number of simple measures . ”
Patil says that “ Given that most parents in family law proceedings are either represented by lawyers , have visited a family relationship centre or have sought government funded legal services , a simple review could identify the cause of this misinformation from within these service providers , and provide an opportunity for corrective measures to be implemented . ”
Adams wonders why the Chief Justice needs to throw the baby out with the bathwater , and opines that “ a request to the Attorney General to implement an educational campaign to educate parents about these provisions would go a long way in addressing any existing misconceptions , and would be a more measured and effective approach to the issue at hand . ”
Adams continues , “ Given the unprecedented nature of these family law amendments , what is required are sensible , well - measured & ultimately timely approaches to these issues , in order to allow for proper outcomes based research to develop .
Anything less than this would put at risk the very well - being of those we are trying to protect . ”
Broader consultations as a first step
Fathers4 Equality would like to encourage the Chief Justice to put some thought into what checks and measures she would alternatively suggest be implemented if the current provisions are removed , to protect children from the devastating damage resulting from alienation and perjury in Court .
Given that lying in the Family Court and parental alienation are forms of child abuse , we stress the importance of carefully considering the implications of such changes on the welfare of children .
Secondly and in reference to a recent campaign that has promoted a less than accurate reflection of these new laws , we would ask the Chief Justice to consider making a public statement to the effect , as is the case , that no evidence exists of any escalation of child abuse as a result of the new amendments .
This would be an important statement from the Chief Justice in the interests of an informed community discussion on this matter , and would help ensure that the debate is discussed in terms of facts , not innuendo .
Finally , we would like to draw attention to the increasingly under - resourced and overworked child protection authorities in this country , and the fact that too many cases of genuine abuse are not thoroughly investigated , in part because of the level of false allegations emanating from the Family Court .
It must be recognised that for every hour that a child protection officer is investigating a false allegation , it is one hour less protection that can be given to a child in genuine need , and this is a cost that the children of Australia simply cannot afford .
Fathers4 Equality would be open to discussing these important issues further with the Chief Justice , if she is willing to accept our invitation .
Keywords : Perjury , Parental Alienation , Family Court of Australia , Family Law , Child Custody , Chief Justice , Diana Bryant , Fathers4 Equality , Shared Care , Feminism , Child Abuse , Judicial activism , False allegations of child abuse , False allegations of domestic abuse , s117 ab , family law act .
Sources :
1 : http://www.smh.com.au/national/judge-calls-for-urgent-changes-to-family-law-20090501-aq6f.html
2 : http://www.fathers4equality-australia.org/equalparenting/fathers4equality.nsf/pages/publicopinion
3 : http://www.fathers4equality-australia.org/equalparenting/fathers4equality.nsf/pages/2006changes
4 : http://www.fathers4equality-australia.org/equalparenting/fathers4equality.nsf/pages/recentjudgmentsfalseallegations
written by Ash Patil & James Adams
fathers4equality – australia
http://www.fathers4equality-australia.org
Media Spokesperson : James Adams :
( email ) media@fathers4equality-australia.org
Other Media Enquiries
http://www.fathers4equality-australia.org/equalparenting/f4efeedback.nsf/mediaenquiry
Please put widgets to the Left Sidebar
OK , I 'm doing now »
Restore Stephen Baldwin ( just click here to donate )
By Liz Kelly
Stephen Baldwin is , as Baldwins go , a nobody .
Although the beefy younger brother of comedy god / " SNL " host extraordinaire Alec Baldwin manages to find a steady stream of work in TV , straight - to - DVD titles and ( to be fair ) some mainstream hits , he 's best known for being Alec 's brother and , to a lesser extent , for his 2002 conversion to evangelical Christianity and ( as yet unfulfilled ) promise to move to Canada if Barack Obama won the 2008 presidential election .
But according to the site RestoreStephenBaldwin.org , it is n't Stephen 's fault that he 's bankrupt and can't land a legit acting gig .
No , according to the site , Baldwin is a modern - day Job -- losing lucrative gigs that would doubtless have catapulted him into stratospheric fame were it not for his religious convictions :
I know , like me , you 're full of questions .
But thanks to a handy site Q&A ( they thought of everything ! ) , some of our posers have been anticipated and answered :
Q- Why does n't his family help him ?
A- His family does not perceive Stephen ’s predicament as a matter of spiritual warfare .
They see Stephen ’s outspoken Christianity as poor choices therefore they will not help .
But , golly , will our money really help ?
Apparently so :
Q- Why does Stephen need personal wealth ?
A- Stephen ’s influence is in Hollywood .
Hollywood worships money and without it you are seen as a loser and cannot be an effective influence to this group .
Well , they 're right about that " loser " thing .
But can we bring Donald Trump into the mix somehow ?
Yes !:
Q- What triggered you to do this ?
A- In March of 08 I saw Stephen speak boldly for Christ on Trumps Celebrity Apprentice Show .
Then in Aug 09 I saw Stephen and God being laughed at for his bankruptcy .
The site appears to have been launched last December , but for some reason caught fire this week .
According to that Q&A , Baldwin himself had nothing to do with the planning or launch of the site -- apart from , we assume , benefitting from donations .
The site creators say only that they received permission to launch the site from Baldwin's " ministry president . "
If only Job had had the Internet .
----
Update , 2:49 p.m. ET :
Dan Southern , president of Stephen Baldwin 's ministry , just confirmed to us that Baldwin had no involvement in the site .
He also said Baldwin has n't seen any significant money at this point .
" Up until yesterday [ donations ] were just a trickle .
Yesterday we had 30,000 hits on the YouTube video .
Right now , it 's more curiosity . "
But , said Southern , the financial plea is n't really the point .
" It 's really about people standing behind Stephen who believe he's an important spokesperson .
So they 're trying to help him fix his flat tire . "
----
A big thanks to the chatter who brought this site to our attention in yesterday 's Celebritology Live discussion .
The politics in the usually clubby Senate have grown increasingly personal in recent weeks .
Bunning calls Reid an ' idiot '
Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning called Harry Reid an “ idiot ” during a lunch meeting with other Republican senators this week — the latest sign that the Senate majority leader is getting under the skin of his GOP counterparts .
Bunning ’s harsh words — confirmed by several people in the room — came in the midst of Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander ’s presentation about Reid ’s handling of the Senate floor .
Bunning rose from his seat and , speaking loudly , read fundraising data that singled out Reid and other Senate Democrats for taking more money from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms than Republicans had .
Advertisement
After Bunning called Reid an “ idiot , ” another voice yelled out : “ He is acting like an idiot . ”
Asked to comment on the attack by Bunning , a former Major League Baseball pitcher , Reid spokesman Jim Manley said , “ I ’m not going to get into a war of words with a guy whose one of his claims to fame is throwing high , hard fastballs at opponents ’ heads . ”
Bunning 's office did not respond to requests seeking comment .
While the two parties have been engaged in constant battle since President Barack Obama took office last year , the politics in the usually clubby Senate have grown increasingly personal in recent weeks .
In the wake of the superheated debate over health care reform , Reid and his confidants have used fierce rhetoric to portray the Republicans as tools of Wall Street who spread lies about the financial regulatory reform bill as a way to protect well - heeled donors .
Meanwhile , Reid has been forcing the Republicans to vote again and again on the regulatory reform bill , hoping to jam at least one GOP senator into flipping to the Democratic side for fear of coming off as entirely obstructionist .
The tactic seems to be working ; Republicans on Wednesday allowed debate to proceed on the bill .
But hard feelings persist .
“ People become irritated after a while , ” Indiana Republican Sen. Dick Lugar said .
Sen. Saxby Chambliss ( R - Ga. ) said that part of the Republican senators ’
Tuesday lunch session “ was focused on Reid ” because “ there ’s a huge feeling of frustration over this . ”
Privately , Republicans are even more critical of the majority leader , blaming him for the stalemate over financial services reform and other high - profile issues .
They argue that Reid is being driven by internal Democratic polling data showing the majority party has to recapture the “ reform ” mantle rather than compromise — or risk huge losses in November .
In order to do that , Republicans say and Democrats privately acknowledge , Reid will have to play the “ populist card ” and paint the GOP as the defender of special interests while the majority leader and his Democratic colleagues are protecting average Americans .
And , Republicans say , he ’s using tough talk along the way to fire up the Democratic base ahead of the November midterms — including the tough election Reid will face in Nevada .
“ I think everyone thinks he is just gaming this thing politically and is a lot more interested in having issues right now rather than having solutions , ” South Dakota Sen .
John Thune , No. 4 in the Senate GOP leadership , told POLITICO .
“ There ’s a lot of speculation about his own political prospects , as well as that of his party .
Right now , party politics is trumping what ’s right on some of these issues . ”
Over the past week , Reid and some of his Democratic colleagues have taken direct aim at Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , charging that he ’s taking his marching orders from Wall Street after a private meeting with bank executives and the head of the Senate GOP ’s campaign committee , Texas Sen. John Cornyn .
“ Bipartisanship for Republican leaders means bringing Wall Street to the table , bring Wall Street banks into the room , and let them help you write the legislation , ” said Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) .
Reid seems to have realized that his attacks against McConnell may have gone too far , clarifying his comments Monday in an unusual floor statement saying , “ I was in no way impugning the integrity of my friend from Kentucky . ”
Manley , Reid ’s spokesman , said it ’s the Republicans who have been playing politics for more than a year by attempting to tie up the Democratic agenda and stalling even routine Senate business .
He said the GOP has little credibility getting worked up about Reid ’s words , charging that the Republicans have used harsh attacks and distorted criticisms against Democrats since Obama took office .
Manley singled out terms such as “ death panels ” that some Republicans used during the health care debate .
“ We learned our lesson from the health care debate — it ’s define or be defined , ” Manley said .
Asked how Democratic leadership wants the GOP defined , Manley said , without missing a beat , “ the party of Wall Street . ...
If they do n’t like it , that ’s too damn bad . ”
Reid took his criticisms a step further Wednesday , calling Republicans “ anti- American ” for blocking the Wall Street reform bill and demanding changes in back - room negotiations rather than on the Senate floor .
“ That ’s not just a comment I would ordinarily expect coming from a United States senator about trying to negotiate an important piece of legislation , ” said Cornyn , who — as chairman of the Senate GOP ’s campaign committee — is trying to defeat Reid in the fall .
Manley acknowledged that Reid had probably made “ a poor choice of words , ” but he said the majority leader was right to feel frustrated .
“ The American people elected them to legislate — not to filibuster everything and prevent us from doing our job . ”
Republicans privately acknowledge that the Democrats ’ “ Party of No ” attacks are starting to take their toll politically , and they ’re beginning to push back that Reid himself is the leader of the “ Party of No ” because he ’s always trying to end debate and force votes on bills .
What has provoked GOP ire is the number of times Reid has “ filled the amendment tree ” and immediately filed for cloture — an attempt to force votes without allowing senators to offer amendments on the floor .
According to the Congressional Research Service , Reid has filled the tree 26 times since January 2007 ; the last five majority leaders combined filled the tree 29 times .
And Republicans accuse Reid of prematurely seeking to end debate , saying that during the past two years he has filed cloture motions 141 times soon after dropping a bill on the floor , and he has brought bills directly to the floor 36 times in the last two Congresses , bypassing congressional committees .
“ I would say to my friend , the majority leader , that he ’s rapidly becoming the leader of the ‘ party of no ’ by offering so many ‘ no ’ motions , ” Alexander said on the floor Monday .
While Reid ’s tactics have infuriated some Republicans , others say the back - and - forth between the party leaders is unavoidable — particularly in a fiercely contested election year .
“ I hear Reid , what he ’s saying as leader ; I hear what my leader says ; there ’s a tit for tat on everything , ” said Alabama Republican Sen.
Richard Shelby .
“ And we understand that . ”
365 photographs later , Stéfan has finally finished his year long project of photographing Stormtroopers in various daily scenarios .
In this part two follow - up post , we show some of the most popular photos from his second half of the TK455 & TK479 journey !
In case you missed part 1 , you can view it here .
visit gallery > Dori K in Teach Me How for Femjoy
Last week , I was reviewing From Software 's stylised RPG , 3D Dot Game Heroes , for the Official PlayStation Magazine , when I made the mistake of actually watching the story summary at the beginning .
Now , this visually arresting game is something of a comic homage to Zelda so should n't be taken too seriously .
However , its ' plot ' - about six powerful gems that have been separated up throughout a kingdom and now must be saved from an evil knight - seemed to absolutely typify the key failure of the RPG genre ( as far as I 'm concerned ) : awful , awful , generic narratives .
Fantasy novels deal with grand , sweeping eternal themes of honour , betrayal , war and the supernatural struggle between good and evil , and this is partly because they tend to draw their themes and conventions from iconic mythological texts ( Tolkien , for example , was heavily influenced by Celtic , Nordic and German folklore ) .
But when these tropes are transferred to videogames , with the grandeur and historical influences stripped from them , they 've often led to generic plots concerning dark sorcerers and powerful gems that , well , as Morrissey once put it , say nothing to me about my life .
Science fiction , however , has often dealt with very specific contemporary fears , providing incisive social and political commentary on key issues .
While Tolkien was writing Lord of the Rings , George Orwell and Ray Bradbury were formulating their great works of dystopian terror , Nineteen Eighty Four and Fahrenheit 451 , and those stories still have something intrinsic to say to us about the power of the state and the threat of surveillance culture .
I 'm not saying they were better , but I 'm not sure that similar , quantifiably relevant lessons can be drawn from Frodo 's adventures in Middle Earth - though I am prepared to be proved cretinously wrong .
And I think , because of this , because of the contemporary relevance , and the natural cohesion between technology - inspired fiction and video game hardware , the most interesting games I 've played have tended to belong in the science fiction rather than fantasy genre .
Bioshock and Deus Ex make compelling points about genetics and society , Half - Life 2 , Beneath a Steel Sky and the Fallout series play on our fears of apocalypse , while Syndicate and Snatcher both made interesting additions to cyberpunk lore .
As for MMOs , I just find the vast socio-political depth of Eve Online much more interesting than the endless quests and raids of WoW .
But , more importantly , what do you think ?
Which of these two staple genres has made the most profound impact on games - and gamers ?
I caught up with my favorite Dexter actress Lauren Velez today as she walked around her new neighborhood , El Barrio ( Spanish Harlem ) in New York City , where she just bought her first house .
We spoke about what ’s coming up on Dexter season 5 — including possible trouble in paradise for Laguerta and Batista — and she told me what it was like to be on the set of Ugly Betty during the last days of filming .
When do you start filming Dexter season 5 ?
In early June !
June to the end of October or early November , I think .
I hear there may not be a “ big bad ” this season ala John Lithgow ’s Trinity Killer ?
Is that true ?
My understanding is that instead of having another serial killer , they ’re going to have Dexter go through the five stages of grief — which sounds pretty phenomenal to me !
Do you think Laguerta will pity Dexter a lot more now that he ’s lost his wife ?
I ’m not sure what ’s going to happen between them , but I think it will bring them closer in a way .
It certainly opens the door for some really interesting things to happen .
And while I love the relationship between Batista and Laguerta , I have a funny feeling it ’s not going to last .
It was her opportunity to be happy , but at the end of the day she is who she is .
She ’s ambitious , she ’s a go - getter , and I think she ’s very different from Angel in this way .
He ’s providing her with this place of safety and love , but I think that Laguerta is going to ultimately get bored with .
Will Dexter Morgan be much darker in season 5 ?
I think part of the acting out — the serial killing aspect of it is — he has this need and he takes care of it .
He has this anger , this rage , and he takes care of it .
And then he ’s able to continue functioning in society .
Now , this old wound has been reopened — his son has suffered the same fate as him — I ca n’t even imagine what ’s going to happen to him .
You got a lot of publicity at PaleyFest09 when you said , “ A huge wrench is going to be thrown in the works , ” for Batista and Laguerta .
What did you mean by that ?
You know , it ’s funny because I do n’t do Facebook or Twitter , and I do n’t read blogs or any of that .
So generally , I have no idea what the public thinks about the show .
I heard rumors , but I try not to read it because it causes me anxiety , because I ’m as neurotic as any actress can get .
But what I said is that there ’s got to be something that happens that challenges both of them — not only both characters but David Zayas and I as actors .
It ’s my hope that they create a huge thing that happens between them — something that happens from their past , or something from their future .
What would you personally like to see happen to Laguerta in season 5 ?
Ultimately , what I want to see is for her to be challenged .
I want her to be put in situations where it ’s out of her control , where she has to use different skills .
The first few seasons everything was so self - contained and even though she lost her cool a few times , she still ran the show .
She finally let someone in , but it ’s still her show .
So I would love for something to happen that is so unexpected that she does n’t know how to deal with .
She ’s such an incredibly complex , dynamic woman .
Rumor has it you ’re doing Ugly Betty again ?
Well , you know they ’re canceled , so I just did my final episode with them .
They wanted to wrap up the storyline with Ignacio and Elena .
Was it the finale you filmed ?
It ’s the penultimo , the second to last one .
And we ’re still trying to work out whether or not I ’m going to do the finale .
That would be this week , so I should know any minute .
What was the mood like on the set during the last days of filming ?
It was bittersweet .
They were so happy to have been part of something so great !
There ’s nothing else like this on TV and I think I think it ’s really genius .
It ’s funny and moving and touching .
I ’m really sad that its being taken off the air and I think that was the general mood on the set — you know , sadness that it ’s over .
But you know , these are all seasoned , experienced actors , and they know that ’s the way it goes .
That ’s the business .
It sure is , man .
( New York ) - A video telling the story of Kiran Yadav , an Indian woman who died needlessly in childbirth , has been nominated for a prestigious Webby award , Human Rights Watch said today .
The video , produced by Human Rights Watch with award - winning Magnum photographer Susan Meiselas , is nominated for Best Documentary : Individual Episode .
It highlights the dangers faced by women in India , where more than 60,000 pregnancies end each year in preventable deaths .
Hailed as the " Internet 's highest honor " by the New York Times , The Webby Awards is the leading international award honoring excellence on the Internet .
The Human Rights Watch video , produced with Magnum In Motion , is also eligible for the Webby People 's Voice Award , which is determined by online votes cast by the global Web community .
Supporters of Human Rights Watch have until April 29 , 2010 , to cast their votes in the People 's Voice Awards at http://webby.aol.com/entries/49544.
" We 're thrilled to see our work recognized by the Webby Awards , which celebrate innovation and creativity on the Internet , " said Kenneth Roth , executive director at Human Rights Watch .
" But most of all we hope people will be moved by Kiran 's story to get involved and help Human Rights Watch to better the lives of women in India and beyond .
The Web community can play a critical role in spreading information about human rights abuses and how to end them . "
" In Silence : Maternal Mortality in India " tells the story of Kiran Yadav , who died at 25 after giving birth to a baby boy , her third child .
She gave birth at a rural clinic but began to hemorrhage and died while her relatives were trying to persuade the district hospital to admit her .
Her sister - in - law has to care for the three children and work in the peppermint fields .
Around the world , some 400,000 women and girls die each year from pregnancy and childbirth , and India accounts for almost a quarter of these maternal deaths , the vast majority preventable .
Human Rights
Watch 's investigation into maternal deaths in Uttar Pradesh documented the poor state of maternal health services for the rural poor , and serious short - comings in how the authorities count maternal deaths , investigate their causes and avoid repeating mistakes .
Human Rights
Watch was also an honoree in the Public Service and Activism category with a video about police brutality in India .
Winners will be announced on May 4 and honored at a star - studded ceremony in New York on June 14 .
The awards are presented by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences .
Advances in Fighting Maternal Death
In a recent report Human Rights Watch analyzed India 's maternal health policies in Uttar Pradesh state , which has one of the highest maternal death rates in India .
One of our most important findings was that the government was not tracking the problem closely enough - and understanding the scope and underlying causes of the problem is the first step toward solving it .
After analyzing the data , we recommended that the government track all pregnancy outcomes , investigate the causes of deaths and monitor access to emergency obstetric care .
We also urged the creation of a complaints system for women and their families to register grievances and access reparation for harm caused .
A new study in the medical journal The Lancet says the number of women dying from pregnancy and childbirth is dropping worldwide .
That 's good news !
But there is still much more to be done .
The study estimates that only 23 countries are on track to meet international goals for reducing maternal death rates .
It also notes that HIV / AIDS has slowed progress in reducing maternal deaths , especially in sub-Saharan Africa .
Like Human Rights
Watch , the authors of the Lancet article call for reforming healthcare systems and " delivery of interventions to women when and where they need them . "
Over the last six years , countries like Sri Lanka and Malaysia have managed to halve their maternal mortality numbers .
By putting in place the right measures , we believe that other countries - including India -- should be able to do the same .
I started this list a couple days ago , adding stuff to it whenever it came to me .
Although it may not be complete yet , it ’s pretty close I think .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I 'm on the Titanic and she 's sinking !
How sailor was saved by phone call to friend 4,000 miles away in Aberystwyth
A panicking sailor whose ship was sinking in the Caribbean phoned the only number he could remember – his best friend back in Britain .
Thankfully the friend , Alex Evans , is a lifeboatman .
He calmly used his mobile phone to co-ordinate a dramatic rescue operation for Mark Corbett and two other crewmen aboard a motor yacht with the unfortunate name of Titanic near the island of St Kitts .
And he did it all without leaving the DIY store where he was shopping with his mother .
Help !
Aberystwyth RNLI volunteer Alex Evans ( left ) was called by Mark Corbett when the vessel he was on , the Titanic , began to sink
‘ I said to Mark if this was a hoax and I launched an international rescue , I would give him the bill , ’ said Mr Evans , 27 .
‘ But he said , “ No , it is serious ” .
I could tell there was panic in his voice which is why I knew he was n’t winding me up . ’
Mr Evans is a volunteer crew member with the RNLI in Aberystwyth and his usual rescue missions involve stricken holidaymakers off the Welsh coast .
He was queuing to pay at a Focus store when his friend rang from 4,000 miles away to say : ‘ Help , we ’re sinking . ’
Quick thinking : A receipt in a DIY shop was the only piece of paper available for Alex to jot down the details of Mark 's boat
Mr Corbett was part of a skeleton crew taking the yacht from Grenada to Puerto Rico for a refit .
He told Mr Evans : ‘ I ’m on a ship in the Caribbean , we ’re taking on water and we ’re sinking .
‘ We ’ve lost all power so we ca n’t use the long - range radio .
We ’re too far from shore to use the VHF radio so I ’m using the satellite phone – and yours is the only number I could remember off the top of my head .
The ship is the Motor Yacht Titanic . ’
' I'm on a ship in the Caribbean , we 're taking on water and we 're sinking .
' We 've lost all power so ca n't use the long range radio ....
The ship is the Motor Yacht Titanic '
Mr Evans jotted down the ship ’s latitude and longitude on a till receipt then called Milford Haven Coastguard and asked to be passed to the Maritime Rescue Co-ordination Centre in Falmouth , Cornwall , which deals with all international incidents .
He told them the Titanic ’s position – and stressed the boat was taking on water .
A major rescue operation was then launched for the 1,700 - ton yacht owned by a company called White Star Ltd , the same name as the cruise line which owned the ill - fated original Titanic .
Three hours later spotter planes found it barely above water , and it was towed by U.S. coastguards to safety in St Kitts .
‘ It ’s lucky Mark knew my mobile number off by heart – he calls me enough , ’ added Mr Evans .
‘ It ’s also lucky he got through to me – the mobile signal is n’t too good around here .
‘ He called me because it was the only number that he could remember in his panic .
I think it was either me or his mum .
‘ I think his mum might not have had as much luck if she had rung up the coastguard and said , “ My son is in a sinking ship in the Caribbean called the Titanic ” . ’
A U.S. Coastguard spokesman in Miami said : ‘ Once at the scene , a rescue and assistance team was deployed aboard the Titanic to pump water from the vessel .
20 Shots : Long Exposure Photography Examples
Long Exposure Photography is very popular technique for photographers at different sills levels .
Everybody can find something interesting and unique in the process of doing long exposure shots and outcome sometimes surprises yourself .
Here are twenty great long exposure photography examples , hope you will find them inspiring !
1 ) Ludicrous Tree by DanDeChiaro
2 ) Smoke on the water , fire in the sky by cactusmelba
3 ) Noche de nubes magicas by ⓢⓐ ⓒ
4 ) November light at night by Kristian M
5 ) Rocks , Moss , & Water by Martin Cathrae
6 ) Wiesn 2009 – Turning caroussel by meironke
7 ) Heavens Above by Mozzer502
8 ) Stone Face by orvaratli
9 ) Caged by Pro-Zak
10 ) Ithaca Falls – HDR by Pro-Zak
11 ) Swing +3 by auburnxc
12 ) The weir by Horrgakx
13 ) Narrow streets of cobblestone by janusz l
14 ) Siempre igual , siempre diferente by Joseeivissa
15 ) Llandulas , North Wales by Manky Maxblack
16 ) November Dawn by midlander1231
17 ) Steel worm by mugley
18 ) Eye by orangebrompton
19 ) Moonlit Frosty Winter Oak by Sigurd R
20 ) Turimetta Motion by TimboDon
( NaturalNews ) Researchers from the Cochrane Collaboration research group have determined that seniors over the age of 80 are being given too many drugs and in too high of doses .
Particularly with high blood pressure , doctors are too aggressively treating the elderly with pharmaceuticals which is doing them more harm than good .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , nearly a quarter of all Americans between 20 and 75 have hypertension while roughly 70 percent of those over 75 have it .
The conventional approach to treating high blood pressure is to prescribe a variety of drugs that , together , doctors hope will achieve a target of 140/90 mmHg .
However after scouring several studies to see if such treatments are actually working , Dr. James Wright , head of Cochrane , found that too many drugs in very large doses is having no positive effect .
In fact , he found that the more conservative the approach , the more beneficial the results .
The 80 - plus age category has been progressively increasing over the years as is the number of people with high blood pressure .
Guidelines in both the United States and the United Kingdom recommend that people with high blood pressure receive various drug cocktails to treat their symptoms , even past the age of 80 .
Dr. Wright believes this is a mistake .
Rather than trying to achieve a level of 140/90 mmHg , doctors should realistically pursue 150/80 mmHg .
He believes that maybe half of elderly patients will actually achieve this and that doctors should be content with that , leaning on the side of giving too little drugs rather than too many .
When high blood pressure is allowed to persist , it can severely damage the kidneys which can lead to nutrient and mineral deficiencies , bone disease , heart attack , heart failure , and stroke .
Aside from cancer , heart disease and stroke are the most common causes of death in the U.S. , indicating that hypertension is a serious problem among the population .
A detoxification program is a great first step for naturally treating high blood pressure .
Cleaning out the colon , liver , and kidneys does wonders for health by ridding the body of toxic buildup .
Eliminating junk food , bad fat , refined sugar , excess alcohol , and caffeine from the diet should be the next step because they are enemies of the cardiovascular system .
Instead , they should be replaced by whole foods , fresh juices , and other living foods that are rich in vitamins , minerals , and enzymes .
Sources for this story include : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8426199.st...
EVE is a game based upon an idealized capitalistic economy , a place where every market participant is immortal and cannot starve , where goods always work as advertised and there is no regulation whatsoever - a post - scarcity dystopia .
For the vast majority of EVE players , confining themselves to the illusory safety of Empire space , the game is like a gigantic market simulation , and the goal is not to destroy your enemies , but merely to get rich .
There 's nothing wrong with that goal , per se , but every time I visit Empire space I 'm struck by the sheer foolishness of the methods used by 80 % of the playerbase to make money .
style= " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : right ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34651
"
title= " " > src= "
http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34651 " alt =" Making EVE Isk " width = " 250 " height = " 154 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " />
style = " font - style : italic ; " > Making isk in EVE can be a repetitive and boring process .
Most players judge their profits by a ratio of Isk / hour .
The problem is that this conception of profit is wrong - and yet it is widely propagated on official subforums such as Missions and Complexes and Science and Industry .
There 's little incentive for those who have figured out how to properly value their time to speak out and correct the mistakes of the poor bastard running Level Four missions solo in his precious Golem , laboriously looting and salvaging each and every wreck while patting himself on the back about making 40 m isk / hour .
He does n't realize that the effort he 's putting forth itself has a value , and that he 's getting screwed even as his wallet thickens .
The two inescapable elements of player effort in EVE are attention and clicks .
The more I have to pay attention to something , and the more times I must click on the EVE client , the more mental and physical effort I 'm expending .
Focusing entirely on isk / hour conceals the dramatic swings in effort / hour between various methods of profit - seeking in EVE .
Why does this matter ?
Most of the isk - making activities players engage in are repetitive in the extreme , and dare we suggest boring .
The core PvE mechanic in EVE ( and , one could argue , even in PvP ) amounts to pressing a button and then watching three grey bars slowly turn red .
Wallowing in boring , repetitive activities will result in a player burning out and quitting the game , which rather defeats the purpose of making isk in the first place .
A player who understands that the core of profit comes from maximizing isk / effort rather than isk / hour has many more resources at his disposal .
Because he pays less attention to his isk - making and is mashing his mouse button less than his isk / hour competitors , he has more opportunity to think and engage in the fun aspects of EVE - focusing on creating business plans , meddling in politics , solving puzzles ( EFT , complexes , etc ) , PvPing or socializing .
He gets rich slow - and whenever possible , he makes the code of the game expend effort for him , rather than doing it himself .
What are some of the best methods to maximize your ratio of isk / effort ?
style= " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : left ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34655 "
title= " " > src= "
http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34655 " alt = " Minimizing EVE Effort " width = " 250 " height = " 154 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " />
style = " font - style : italic ; " >A second account with Dominix drones can help minimize your efforts .
* Drones , Drones , Drones :
So much of the game 's PvE revolves around ratting , kill missions or complexes .
In any of these cases , your job is to destroy the little red crosses on your overview one by one .
The bigger the spawn or mission , the more little crosses to click , lock up and kill .
The conventional isk / hour solution is to use a Raven or one of its variants - the Caldari Navy Raven or Golem , or in extreme cases a Tengu .
Ratters and mission - runners spend hours doing this , often funneling their earnings into buying expensive modules for their ratting ship in hopes of increasing their isk / hour even further .
Yet for the price of a single CNR or Golem ( not even counting the overpriced mods ) you can buy two Dominixes and an entire second account .
In absolute isk / hour terms , a Golem or CNR will beat a single Dominix .
However , the Dominix 's drones do all the work for the pilot , completely skewing the effort / hour curve - and more so , when a second account is used .
The Dominix pilot simply gets all the aggro from the rats , launches his drones , and keeps an idle eye on the EVE client while he watches a movie , plays a different game , or works on a business plan ; the drones will automatically target and chase down every NPC for him .
This works for any droneboat .
* Loot Smart :
The corollary to the use of drones when engaging in ratting , kill missions or complexes :
Do n't waste time and effort looting and salvaging .
Mission runners are infamous for bragging about how much additional isk they make for looting the wrecks of their missions .
Yet in the time it takes you to move within 20 km of a wreck , tractor it in , then begin the salvaging process ( and repeat this for 30 + wrecks , in the case of most missions ) , an entirely new belt / mission / plex could have been completed .
Particularly when you use drones to do all the work for you , the sheer number of additional clicks spent trying to loot and salvage is staggering .
Some mission - runners have dedicated ' salvage alts ' just for this purpose , increasing their workload , not realizing that they could double up on droneboats and tear through their missions twice as fast .
style= " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : right ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href = " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34650
"
title= " " > src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34650 " alt =" EVE Mining " width = " 250 " height = " 154 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 250 px ; height : 154 px ; " />
style = " font - style : italic ; " > Mining is a huge part of EVE , but there are effective ways to maximize your efforts .
* Ice Mining : Mining is a huge portion of PvE in EVE , yet the typical path most miners follow involves getting a Hulk and sucking on the highest - isk rock they can find .
Every three minutes , for each account they have active , a Hulk pilot focused on isk / hour will be moving ore from his hold to his jetcan .
For the unlucky souls not using strip miners , the cycle of moving ore can be once a minute , depending on how big your hold is .
In theory , you 're making decent isk / hour - but in terms of effort , your time , attention and effort are focused almost entirely on picking up rocks in space , especially as the number of accounts mining increases .
Meanwhile , your asteroids are gradually vanishing , meaning that you must constantly re-target new rocks .
This means that when you strip a belt out , you have to set up your operation elsewhere , creating new bookmarks for your hauler - more time and effort .
The pro move from an effort perspective is ice mining .
With a base cycle time of ten minutes , you can target an ice crystal and go do something else .
Better still , ice crystals never move location and never run out of ice .
This means that you can set up your bookmarks and use them until the servers shut down , and you never have to re-target anything .
You make less isk / hour than the Hulk guy furiously strip mining , but he 's actually doing work .
* Courier Missions :
So you want me to go from point A to point B hauling some crap , and you 'll pay me for it ?
And I can autopilot there ?
With a Blockade Runner and enough standings , courier missions can be quite profitable , and they take essentially no work as long as you are n't being sent outside of high security space .
Grab your cargo , undock , press the autopilot button - come back fifteen minutes later , dock up , and voila , you 're done .
* POS Mining / Reactions / Alchemy : Like using drones to kill NPCs , using a POS to make money allows you to have the EVE client do work for you , through very little input of your own .
Towers are lovely tools for low - effort isk if set up properly , since that will work furiously for you 23/7 until they run out of fuel , which may be up to a month of real - world time .
Your work is front - loaded at the initial setup of the tower ; as long as you fuel the tower in bulk and use an Amarr or Gallente type for the silo size bonus , you can go for weeks without needing to expend effort on your setup .
This is particularly true of mining raw material or alchemy ; reaction hubs take more effort , but simple chains can be tweaked to only require weekly inputs .
That 's a sight easier than having to put in hourly work to make isk .
style= " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : left ; width : 250 px ; height : 162 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href = " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/78943 "
title= " " > src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/78943 " alt =" Earning EVE Isk " width = " 250 " height = " 162 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 250 px ; height : 162 px ; " />
style = " font - style : italic ; " >
There are methods that can earn you isk through little effort .
* Datacores : Working once a month to fuel a tower seems like a tremendous amount of work to the guy with multiple R&D agents working for him .
This is the ultimate in passive income : every day , whether you log in or not , these agents give you a certain amount of ' Research Points ' which can be converted into datacores , which you can then sell on the open market .
This does require an initial standings grind to reach the more worthwhile agents .
Of course , knowing the key to minimizing effort , you can use droneboats or autopiloted courier missions to render the ' datacore grind ' a walk in the park .
If you have three characters on your account with R&D agents working for them , the passive income from datacores will pay your subscription costs in PLEX cards , making EVE not only free , but free forever - with no additional work on your part .
These are just a few of the methods available to someone willing to investigate how to put the EVE client to work for him .
Few things are more satisfying in EVE than getting rich while being lazy ; I have n't even touched on scamming , market manipulation , or long - copy invention .
Remember : this is a game , effort is the enemy .
The Federal Government says it will not be introducing a human rights act in Australia , but will release a new framework .
An act was recommended by the national human rights consultation panel headed by law professor Father Frank Brennan .
Attorney - General Robert McClelland says all new bills introduced to Parliament will have to be compatible with Australia 's international human rights obligations .
But he says the Government believes a human rights framework , rather than legislation , is more appropriate .
" The Government believes that the enhancement of human rights should be done in a way that as far as possible unites rather than divides our community , and the framework is designed to achieve that outcome , " he said .
" Nevertheless , as you 'll see , the framework does reflect the key recommendations of the human rights consultation committee and we believe [ it ] will make a real difference . "
Father Brennan says he is disappointed by the Government 's decision .
" In the long run the question will be whether or not politicians , when dealing with complex and controversial issues such as asylum seekers or Aboriginal rights or detention questions with security , whether or not they 'll be sufficiently faithful to those obligations when there 's not the prospect of some judicial oversight , " he said .
Father Brennan says there will be a compelling case for a human rights act if the changes announced today are not proving to be effective .
" Obviously the Government has made a major commitment in response to what we 've said about the need for further education on human rights , and with further education there may indeed be a greater groundswell of pressure on both major political parties to look at something like a federal human rights act , " he said .
The Australian Human Rights Commission also expressed its disappointment at the Government 's decision not to adopt a human rights act .
Commission president Catherine Branson says the new measures are welcome but a human rights act is still needed .
" We must be concerned about abuse against children , abuse of the elderly in their frail and vulnerable years , " she said .
" We know that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people do not enjoy equal health and equal education outcomes with others .
" We know there are real problems in people with a disability participating in our community and there are others . "
' Waste of money '
Meanwhile , shadow attorney - general George Brandis says the Rudd Government has wasted $ 2 million promoting a concept which never had community support .
Senator Brandis says the Opposition has always opposed the bill of rights as a dangerous and foolish idea .
" Robert McClelland nailed his flag well and truly to the charter of rights mast and he 's been humiliated by his own cabinet , " he said .
" The Opposition is well pleased that this idea will not go ahead , but an enormous amount of time , energy and public money was wasted in pursuing it . "
Two amendments to the Equality Bill giving the right to “ conscientious objections ” to gay equality measures were withdrawn in the House of Lords last night .
They were tabled by Baroness Butler - Sloss , who supported Lord Alli ’s amendment to allow faiths the right to hold civil partnership ceremonies .
The amendments related to allowing employees the right not to be “ complicit with an action or circumstance ” which went against their beliefs on homosexuality and giving Catholic adoption agencies an exemption from the 2007 Sexual Orientation regulations .
The last Catholic adoption agency in the UK is fighting for the right to bar gay couples at the High Court this week , while the first amendment was concerned mainly with giving registrars the right not to conduct civil partnerships if they feel it is against their religious beliefs .
Baroness Butler - Sloss said last night : “ All sorts of minorities need protection , not only the minorities who are in same - sex relationships .
. .
We should be able to accommodate various religions and various cultural beliefs .
We are a broadminded society , and the Equality Bill should recognise that too . ”
The amendments were supported by Lord Waddington , who referred to the recent case of Islington registrar Lillian Ladele as an “ act of gross unfairness ” .
Ms Ladele lost her job after refusing to perform civil partnerships .
Leader of the House of Lords Baroness Royall argued that the regulations prevented discrimination .
She said : “ There is nothing to prevent Catholic [ adoption ] agencies from treating heterosexual couples consistently with their beliefs .
All that they are prevented from doing is treating people less favourably because of their sexual orientation . ”
Baroness Murphy said the measures were “ quite shocking ” and called on the government to resist them .
She said : “ I do not doubt that that is not the intention of my noble and learned friend Lady Butler - Sloss , but these amendments are deeply , offensively , homophobic . ”
Withdrawing the amendments , Baroness Butler - Sloss said she was “ deeply shocked ” that they had been perceived as homophobic .
She added that she would reflect on them and possibly bring them back at a third reading .
She said : “ It is quite true that nine out of the 12 Catholic agencies in this country continue to act as adoption agencies , but they are no longer connected with the Catholic Church .
The absence of discrimination against one group creates discrimination against another group .
The balance is not right . ”
Posted on by Callan Bentley
… So , today is :
… and not only that , it ’s the 40th anniversary of the first “ Earth Day . ”
Shall we reflect ?
Yes , let ’s shall .
My career as a geoscientist was largely inspired by desire to spend time outside , and that in turn was inspired by a lot of positive outdoor experiences as a child and young man .
I feel at peace and satisfied when I am spending time in natural landscapes , most particularly mountainous landscapes .
The more time I spend thinking about the Earth system , its dynamics and history , the more chagrined I become at my own species ’ destructive habits .
On the whole , I think it ’s fair to say that we trash the planet wherever we go .
We clear out naturally - occurring biota , and replace it with shelters and infrastructure for ourselves .
We hike trails in the woods for recreation , and Hansel - like , mark our way with candy wrappers , tissues , and cigarette butts .
The more I have learned what a non -human - influenced Earth system looks like , the more disgusted I get at the human fingerprint .
My environmentalism is strongly influenced by my geologic awareness .
Of course , there are the bigger issues than litter and housing developments , like our agriculture - facilitated denudation of the landscape , our chemically - facilitated erosion of the ultraviolet - screening layer of our atmosphere , and the CO 2 - facilitated warming of the planet ’s average temperature .
All of which have profound consequences not only for our neighbor species , but for ourselves .
Without soil , ozone , or our coastal settlements , we ’re increasingly screwed .
We humans excel at shooting ourselves in the feet .
That point is the one that ’s mostly likely to touch home with people : knowing our own selfishness , we environmentalists often ask our neighbors to adopt our views because it is in their own self - interest .
We couch our activism in the language of harm to people , but I ’ll admit that ’s besides the point for me .
I rank other species as inherently of value , in and of themselves , regardless of their benefit to humanity .
I ’ll admit that I have no scientific evidence to support this claim — it ’s one of the few genuine “ beliefs ” that I hold .
I believe other species deserve to exist , unmolested by us .
The elephant in the savanna is threatened by the elephant in the room : overpopulation of Homo sapiens .
This morning , the world has 6.8 billion people on it , and tomorrow there will be even more .
The rate of population growth is increasing at the same time that the resource consumption per individual is also increasing .
The impact on the planet is astonishing .
Life finds a way to adapt to our presence only in a general sense .
The specifics , the particulars are being rubbed out .
For ever individual pigeon or rat we gain , we lose a golden toad or an ivory - billed woodpecker .
If the current rate of species extinction is perpetuated , then we are living through the start of the sixth great mass extinction of the Phanerozoic .
This broad view I take , where humans are not the pinnacle of anything , but something more akin to a cancer on the planet , is a grim one .
When new medical treatments are announced , to the fanfare that they will extend human life , and prevent more people from dying , I wince a little .
Longer lives are ( probably ) good for the ones living them , but a longer legacy of consumption makes things rougher for everyone and everything else .
It ’s the tragedy of the commons , written in lives .
The planet Earth would be a better place if there were fewer people on it .
In no way do I advocate action to remove people from the planet — my sense of environmental duty does not trump my sense of ethics — but I ca n’t deny that I would prefer to live on a planet with only 1 billion people than the current crowd .
This is a conundrum : I value the coherent functioning of the Earth system , but I also value individual human lives .
I suppose the best thing you could do for the planet would be to kill yourself .
Yet I find the experience of being alive so sweet : I could n’t possibly give up that experience just for the sake of making the planet ’s problems 1/6800000000th better .
Where does this leave me ?
Confused , perhaps .
Hypocritical , maybe .
It ’s a tough spot to be in .
One thing that I ’ve decided is that I do n’t want to bring any more humans into the system .
I have made an ethical decision that I can prevent a small piece of that overpopulation by refusing to procreate myself .
I ’m surrounded by people spawning huge numbers of kids , and I find it distasteful .
My brother , for instance , has four children .
Though I love each and every one of them , I ca n’t deny that I ’m taken aback by my brother ’s profligacy every time my nieces and nephews swarm around me .
Another thing I ’ve decided is to try and make my time here a net positive , rather than a net negative .
Yes , I consume , but then I try to use that consumption as fuel for the education of my planetary peers .
I teach , I blog , I discuss .
I ’m not sure that this is a success , but I do n’t know what else to do .
The modern Earth Day encourages us to “ be green , ” one of the shallowest and least thoughtful phrases ever to be willingly adopted by the environmental movement .
Along with this single ill - defined word ( “ green , ” the color of envy and seasickness ) , comes a marketing campaign which is focused more on consumption than on sustainability .
“ Green ” is a buzzword , a fad .
It ’s time in the spotlight is fading , as far as I can tell .
A deeper sense of ecology is needed , something that ca n’t be summed up by a single phrase or a single color .
We live on a finite object , a lone oasis in an incomprehensibly enormous inhospitable void .
It astonishes me that we slap a coat of “ green ” on our unsustainable existence and think that makes a damn bit of difference .
Because the Earth is larger than individual humans , we have a rough time conceding that it is finite .
But “ big ” and “ infinite ” are not synonyms ; we can not long act as if they are .
I find my outlook for the Earth ’s biosphere to be a grim one .
A robust biosphere is incompatible with human society ’s resource - consuming , habitat - altering , Earth - system - perturbing ways .
I wish I could say I was hopeful that we would get it figured out , but I ’m not .
We are neck - deep in evidence that our lifestyles are unsustainable , but we persist regardless .
Our selfishness takes priority over our moral duty , and that seems to be human nature .
As long as humans are part of the system , I ca n’t see how the average human impulse for comfort , security , and reproduction wo n’t continue to put our neighbor species at a profound disadvantage .
So here ’s what I plan to do this Earth Day : I ’m going to learn a bit more about the Earth , and I ’m going to teach a bit more about the Earth , and I ’ll appreciate the day as one among an almost infinite number of rotations of this fine orb as it orbits our fine star .
I ’m not going to be “ green , ” I ’m going to encourage a fuller understanding of our role in the terrestrial flow of matter and energy .
I ’ll feel lucky to be here today , and hope that I still feel that way 40 years from now .
How will you spend your day ?
How will you spend your time on this planet ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : biodiversity , climate change , environmental , geology |
Thomas Lord 's recent insistence that a simpler Scheme is possible ( including that advanced features such as first - class macros and environments should be provided , with the caveat that their use may be less performant than non first - class devices ) has got me to investigate first - class environments .
Way back there 's been a bit of discussion of this topic here .
The usual arguments against first - class environments are :
They 're " dangerous " .
( IMO , dangerous is good . ;) )
They mess up ahead - of - time compilation .
( Well , many projects use JITs these days . )
On the pro side , we have :
They make the language definition significantly simpler .
For example , Christian Queinnec 's Sharing Code through First - class Environments can provide a clean account of the interactive top - level , as well as a simplified definition of letrec .
In Scheme , the top - level is considered hopeless .
.
In Scheme , the top - level is considered hopeless .
They can describe stuff like module systems and objects ( Lee and Friedman : Quasi - Static Scoping : Sharing Variable Bindings across Multiple Lexical Scopes )
They provide more visibility into the running program , so they make debugging etc easier .
They 're cool and fun . ;)
So my question is : given that JITs are commonplace these days , should first - class environments be reconsidered for inclusion into programming languages ?
Holden Caulfield was a flâneur .
That ’s not generally how we think of him , this archetype of adolescent alienation , this detester of phonies , this poor little lost boy whose voice — by turns knowing , childlike , cynical and bereft — drives J.D. Salinger ’s iconic 1951 novel , “ The Catcher in the Rye . ”
Yet , from the moment , about a quarter of the way through the book , he arrives by train at Manhattan ’s now - demolished original Pennsylvania Station building , he is our guide on one of the 20th century ’s great literary walking tours .
Planning your trip to Manhattan
THE BEST WAY TO NEW YORK
From LAX , American , United , Delta , Virgin America and JetBlue offer nonstop flights to JFK .
US Airways offers connecting flights ( change of plane ) .
Restricted round - trip fares begin at $ 298 .
It ’s a Saturday night in December 1950 , a few days before the start of winter break , and Holden has just been expelled from boarding school again .
His plan , if he could be said to have one , is to hole up in a hotel for a few days before returning to his parents ’ apartment on the Upper East Side .
This should n’t be a problem :
He has some cash , and he knows the city , having lived here all his life .
Holden , though , is 16 , lost emotionally and physically , and as his world unravels during the next 48 hours , mostly what he does is walk .
This kind of foot - level interaction with the city begins before Holden ever gets to Manhattan , when he is saying his goodbyes at Pencey Prep .
Visiting with a teacher , Old Spencer , he starts to think about the lagoon at the south end of Central Park .
“ I was wondering , ” he tells us , “ if it would be frozen over when I got home , and if it was , where did the ducks go .
I was wondering where the ducks went when the lagoon got all icy and frozen over .
I wondered if some guy came in a truck and took them away to a zoo or something .
Or if they just flew away . ”
In early March , not much more than a month after Salinger ’s death on Jan. 27 at age 91 , I stood at the edge of the still icy lagoon and asked myself these very questions as I watched a cluster of ducks among the reeds .
Had they just returned , I wondered , or had they spent the winter elsewhere ?
This , it turns out , is among the novel ’s legacies ; according to a 2001 New York Times piece , the Department of Parks and Recreation gets several letters and phone calls about the ducks each year .
Here , we see the enduring quality of this novel , which has sold about 65 million copies since it first appeared .
For all that readers identify with Holden ’s teenage anguish , equally compelling is the way his wanderings bring New York to life .
The city is a character in the book , defined by a kind of ongoing instability , in which the only constant is change .
Holden reflects on this while walking through Central Park to the Museum of Natural History .
“ The best thing … in that museum , ” he observes , “ was that everything always stayed right where it was .
Nobody ’d move .
You could go there a hundred thousand times , and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish , the birds would still be on their way south , the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole , with their pretty antlers and their pretty , skinny legs , and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket .
Nobody ’d be different .
The only thing that would be different would be you . ”
I remember those exhibits also , remember staring at them a hundred thousand times myself .
This , in fact , was one of the first attractions of the novel , that the life it described , Holden ’s life , was in many ways like my own .
I , too , was raised on the Upper East Side and spent time in the places he describes .
Like Holden , I was drawn by the stillness of the Museum of Natural History , the idea that it would always be the same .
The irony is that 60 years later , the museum has changed .
Many of Holden ’s favorite displays have been removed or refurbished , including the so - called Great Canoe , which has been emptied of the 20 Native Americans he so admired , “ some of them paddling , some of them just standing around looking tough . ”
And yet , outside those exhibition halls , we find another irony :
The city is not so very different from the New York he describes .
To take a walk in Holden ’s footsteps is to appreciate the consistency of the place .
You can walk Holden ’s Manhattan in one long afternoon , starting at Penn Station ( or perhaps I should say the new Penn Station ) and working your way north up Broadway through the theater district to the park .
From there , you can check on the ducks in the lagoon , then wander over to the museums , before heading south , past the Central Park Zoo , and down through midtown to Grand Central Station .
There are a few hidden landmarks , but for the most part , it ’s a city saunter , New York as New Yorkers know it , an insider ’s take on the streets .
Holden spends his first night in the city restless , after getting off the train .
He gets a room at the Edmont Hotel , where he watches the “ perverts ” across the airshaft : a gray - haired man who dresses up in women ’s clothing and a couple that spits water at each other , laughing “ like it was the funniest thing that ever happened . ”
Later , he will be roughed up by a bellman , after an unsuccessful encounter with a prostitute .
The Edmont is fictional ; of all the hotels Salinger describes , only one , the Seton , has a real - life analogue .
But the actual hotel , at 144 E. 40th St. , is squat and seedy , unlike the one in the novel , which is , Holden tells us , “ sort of swanky , ” with a club called the Wicker Bar .
What Salinger ’s getting at is a kind of New York authenticity , a vision of the city as it is .
We see this later that first night when Holden goes to a Greenwich Village jazz club called Ernie ’s ( also fictional ) , where he runs into some people he knows .
This quality of the city as a small town runs throughout the novel , instantly recognizable for anyone who grew up there , who knows the city not as some larger - than - life destination but as home .
We see it when Holden makes a date with his on - again , off - again girlfriend Sally to see a Broadway show and then go skating at the Rockefeller Center rink .
But such closeness masks a sense of desolation , the feeling that even ( or especially ) here , he is alone .
On the way to Ernie ’s , he reflects on the torpor of the sleeping city : “ New York ’s terrible when somebody laughs on the street very late at night .
You can hear it for miles .
It makes you feel so lonesome and depressed . ”
The following day , Sunday , is when Holden does most of his walking , checking out of the Edmont and stashing his suitcases in a locker at Grand Central , after agreeing to meet Sally under the Biltmore Hotel clock .
This small , gold landmark , beneath which Salinger used to meet his New Yorker editor William Shawn , is still around , although the Biltmore closed in 1981 .
After the hotel was gutted , the Bank of America Plaza Building was raised around its frame .
The clock is now in the lobby of that building , at 335 Madison Ave. , tucked discreetly into a corner above the reception desk , an ornate reminder of another time .
From Grand Central , Holden heads across 42nd Street to Times Square .
It is on this walk that Salinger establishes the central metaphor of the novel , as Holden follows behind a small boy singing , “ If a body catch a body coming through the rye . ”
It ’s a perfect instance of the serendipity of street life , and it immediately raises Holden ’s spirits , making him “ feel not so depressed anymore . ”
After buying tickets for “ I Know My Love , ” starring the Lunts , he wanders up to Central Park , where he looks for his sister Phoebe amid the statuary of the Mall .
Again , we get that sense of New York ’s insularity ; when Holden asks a girl there whether she knows Phoebe , she does .
But as close as he is to coming home , something — in him ? in the city ? — holds him back .
He goes to look for his sister at the Museum of Natural History but ca n’t bring himself to go inside .
Instead , he slips back down to the Biltmore , where he waits for his disastrous date with Sally .
There ’s an aimlessness to Holden ’s meandering , an ease with the landscape of the city that masks his growing despair .
At Rockefeller Center , he picks a fight with Sally , then sees a movie at Radio City Music Hall .
Later , he does go home briefly , walking through Central Park at night to see his sister , with whom he shares a special bond .
Through it all , we have a sense of his world narrowing , growing claustrophobic , not like a small town but like the closing of a trap .
After a questionable interaction with a former teacher , he returns to Grand Central , where he sleeps in the waiting room .
He ’s been in Manhattan less than 36 hours , but in that time he ’s walked himself in increasingly tight circles , reducing the city and his place within it to the width and breadth of a single bench .
This is what people overlook about “ The Catcher in the Rye ” — that , for all it tells us of the righteous rage of adolescence , it is also the portrait of a boy losing his grip .
Throughout the book , people worry over Holden .
“ You do n’t like anything that ’s happening , ” Phoebe tells him , and when he protests , she throws down a challenge : “ Name one thing . ”
This , too , is a reflection of the city , and it ’s also one that has n’t changed .
New York can be the most exciting place on the planet , and it can also be the most forlorn .
To walk it , to experience it at street level , is to see it in all its complex contradictions , from the Lunts and Rockefeller Center to the Grand Central Station waiting room .
This is especially true if you are from here , this tension between exhilaration and loneliness .
In the closing pages of the book , Holden meets Phoebe at the Metropolitan Museum of Art ; he has decided to run away .
His plan collapses when he sees her cross Fifth Avenue with her own suitcase : Suddenly , his fantasy explodes .
Angrily , Phoebe stalks off down Fifth toward the zoo , while Holden follows on the other side of the street .
And here is the genius of the novel , and perhaps the genius of New York .
As they visit the zoo and then the carousel , Holden becomes a child again .
It ’s not that his problems are effaced but that , in this one instant , past and present , memory and moment , merge .
“ I felt so damn happy , ” he says .
“ God , I wish you could have been there . ”
All these years later , with each step we take along his odd and winding ramble through Manhattan , we are .
Ulin is book editor of The Times .
david.ulin@latimes.com
The Afrikaner Resistance Movement came to prominence in the 1980s
The very name of South African paramilitary leader Eugene Terreblanche highlighted the white supremacist 's roots .
Terreblanche means " white earth " in French , the language of the politician 's Huguenot ancestors .
His murder - reportedly being hacked to death with a panga on his farm - brings a gory end to a singularly ineffectual political career .
Terreblanche , who was 69 , and his Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging ( Afrikaner Resistance Movement - AWB ) came to prominence in the early 1980s .
At the time , the government of PW Botha was considering a constitutional plan allowing South Africa 's Asian and coloured ( mixed - race ) minorities to vote for racially - segregated parliamentary chambers .
For the likes of Terreblanche , this was the start of the slippery slope towards democracy , communism , black rule and the destruction of the Afrikaner nation .
Claiming on occasion to be a cultural organisation - albeit one with sidearms and paramilitary uniforms - Terreblanche and his men promised to fight for the survival of the white tribe of Africa .
' The leader '
Their political heartland was in Ventersdorp - a decaying farming town amid the maize fields some 150 km ( 100 miles ) west of Johannesburg .
Eugene Terreblanche was reportedly hacked to death on his farm
From that base , the AWB established cells , mostly among the Afrikaans farmers in the north of the country - though occasionally Terreblanche would venture into urban Afrikaans communities to hold a public meeting .
" The leader " - as followers invariably called him - would arrive flanked by members of his black - clad inner circle , the Iron Guard .
" Cover him , " an Estuary English accent would bark - the voice of Iron Guard commander Keith Conroy , the former British soldier reputed to speak barely a word of Afrikaans .
Terreblanche 's thunderous voice and magnificent style of delivery - alternating between roar and husky whisper , with gestures to match - helped to disguise the complete meaninglessness of what he was saying .
His oratory would sweep from the plight of white farmers , to ancient Greek philosophy , to the state of the Soviet Union , without any apparent logic .
Terreblanche seemed to walk a tightrope between racist menace and national joke .
The occasion when he tumbled off his horse during one of his own military parades saw him fall down very heavily on the side of the joke - and that was before the embarrassment of the Jani Allen affair .
UK news reports had alleged that Ms Allen - a South African journalist - had had an affair with Terreblanche .
Ms Allen sued for libel - and lost .
Throughout the court case , South Africans were treated to daily reports involving such details as the leader 's torn green underpants , as seen through a keyhole by a witness .
Invasion
Yet as the 1994 elections approached , fears of a white right - wing militant backlash seemed more and more real .
Eugene Terreblanche was described as a master of the grand gesture AWB members detonated bombs in urban locations , including one at Johannesburg 's main airport - a terror campaign for which Terreblanche later accepted moral responsibility .
In another grand gesture , AWB fighters barged an armoured vehicle through the plate - glass doors of a building where constitutional negotiations were in progress .
But the AWB 's most ambitious paramilitary exercise also proved to be its greatest humiliation .
The movement took it upon itself to invade Bophuthatswana - one of the nominally independent " homelands " which the apartheid government had set up in a gesture towards black self - determination .
The image of three khaki - clad AWB fighters shot dead by Bophuthatswana 's soldiers seemed to spell the end of any hopes the AWB may have had of seizing power by force .
About the same time , much of the AWB 's political thunder was stolen by Constand Viljoen - a former head of the South African Defence Force who had left the political establishment after he felt it was drifting leftwards .
The quietly - spoken General Viljoen became the respectable face of the far right , preaching segregation rather than supremacism , and prepared to enter negotiations with the ANC over the possibility of setting up a small autonomous Afrikaner homeland .
The general 's pragmatic approach won the support of right - wingers who were embarrassed by the antics of Terreblanche and others , and who were fast coming to terms with the fact that continued white domination of South Africa was a practical impossibility .
Bowing to the inevitable
In 1995 South African towns , which had always been segregated into white and black municipalities , voted for the first time for unified local authorities .
Terreblanche attracted a small but often devoted following
On voting day in Ventersdorp , Terreblanche and armed bodyguards put in a brief appearance - then retreated to their farms , leaving the town to vote in peace .
By now , even members of the Conservative Party , ultra right - wing by any normal standards , had accepted that white town councillors would have to bow to the inevitable and share a council chamber with black delegates - even with a young communist mayor who lived in a tin shack .
Voters expressed relief that Ventersdorp might now cease to be a national laughing stock .
Terreblanche served six months in prison in 2000 for assaulting a petrol attendant and setting his dog on him .
In 2001 , he was jailed for the attempted murder of a farm - worker whom he beat so badly in 1996 that the man was left brain damaged .
Terreblanche 's jail terms put the lid on any further speculation that his exaggerated posturing might have had any lasting influence on South Africa 's political history .
When he was released on parole after serving three years of his sentence , he mounted his trusty black horse Attila after his release from prison .
In that moment , he showed that he was still as much a master of the grand gesture as he had been throughout his ineffectual political career .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
u201CBlessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called the children of God.u201D ~ Matthew 5:9
I was only ten years old in 1983 , but I well remember the political tensions of the time .
In those days , my family and I lived in the suburbs of Northern Virginia , a mere stone 's throw from Washington D.C. ; and I knew enough even then to realize that , if the Soviet Union ever decided to send President Reagan some radioactive airmail , we would be there to sign for it right along with him .
I imagined that I had some idea of how awful a nuclear war would be ( looking back on it , I was clueless , really ) , but I also thought that there was a whole lot of nothing I could do about it .
If and when the alarms went off and the Emergency Broadcast System interrupted Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck to announce that negotiations between East and West had broken down for the final time , well , I figured that that would be that .
I had heard that Soviet ICBMs would take around forty minutes to reach us , whereas submarine - launched missiles would take maybe less than half of that time .
We were too close to the city to go anywhere fast , not when hundreds of thousands of other people would be trying to get out of Dodge , too , and points to the south and west of us would likely be hit as well ( Dulles Airport and Quantico among them…cue Johnny Cash 's u201 CRing of Fireu201D ) .
My only consolation at the time was the knowledge that , while my parents and I were running for the basement with what we could carry , somewhere out there Uncle Sam would be sending the commies a formal protest , one inscribed on the gleaming steel cylinders of thousands of nuclear bombs and missiles of our own — and our stuff was better than theirs .
Surely , we would n't lose .
Meanwhile , while I was busy imagining how manfully ( or not ) I would face The End , a little girl living several hundred miles to the north had considered the same scenario and put her foot down .
Enough of this u201CWill we or wo n't we ?
u201D business , Samantha Smith decided .
It was time to call the Soviets out .
Writing to the newly installed General Secretary of the Soviet Union , Yuri Andropov , in November of 1982 , Smith was charmingly polite but to the point :
My name is Samantha Smith .
I am ten years old .
Congratulations on your new job .
I have been worrying about Russia and the United States getting into a nuclear war .
Are you going to vote to have a war or not ?
If you are n’t please tell me how you are going to help to not have a war .
This question you do not have to answer , but I would like to know why you want to conquer the world or at least our country .
God made the world for us to live together in peace and not to fight .
The Soviets received Samantha 's letter and published it in Pravda .
Later , in April of 1983 , Samantha received a reply from Andropov himself .
In it , Andropov complimented her courage and assured her that the Soviet people deplored the idea of nuclear war every bit as much as Americans did :
We want nothing of the kind .
No one in our country — neither workers , peasants , writers nor doctors , neither grown - ups nor children , nor members of the government — want either a big or ‘ little ’ war .
We want peace ―there is something that we are occupied with : growing wheat , building and inventing , writing books and flying into space .
We want peace for ourselves and for all peoples of the planet .
For our children and for you , Samantha .
Andropov followed this assurance with an invitation for Samantha to visit the Soviet Union , to meet the people , visit a children 's camp and , in short , to u201 Csee for yourself : in the Soviet Union , everyone is for peace and friendship among peoples .
u201D
Samantha and her parents accepted Andropov 's invitation , and history was made .
The intrepid little girl from Maine became an instant , global celebrity , an inspiration to millions who feared for the future , as well as an object of skepticism on the part those who felt that the Soviet government was using her for propaganda purposes .
Dubbed u201CAmerica's Youngest Ambassador , u201D Samantha spent two weeks in the Soviet Union and was impressed with the friendliness of the Soviet people ( although she never did meet Yuri Andropov in person , the Soviet leader being seriously ill and in seclusion at the time ) .
Upon returning to the United States , Samantha continued for a time in the public eye , speaking at the Children 's International Symposium in Kobe , Japan ( during which she suggested an u201CInternational Granddaughter Exchangeu201D in order to facilitate peace and understanding between opposing countries ) , interviewing various political figures during the 1984 general election campaign , writing a book about her trip to the Soviet Union , and even starring in a television show .
What more Samantha Smith might have accomplished , and in what direction her budding idealism might have developed , can only be imagined ; tragically , both she and her father were killed in a plane crash while traveling home to Maine from California on August 25 , 1985 .
She was thirteen years old .
I still remember the media attention that surrounded Samantha Smith and her trip to the Soviet Union .
Most of the adults I overheard in conversation at the time were of the opinion that she was being used by the Soviets to put a pleasant face on Communism , and I pretty well took my cue from what I heard .
Still , I could n't help but be impressed that a kid just like me had captured the world 's attention by the simple act of writing a letter .
What Samantha had done challenged my perception of the world as a place where one person could not make a difference , unless that person happened to be rich and famous .
Samantha also challenged me in another important way in that what she had to say about her visit made me really see , for the first time , that the Soviet people were distinct from their government .
Prior to that time , I had seen the entire Soviet Union , down to the last individual , as a repressive monstrosity , teeming with evil , dedicated to the destruction of human freedom in general and the United States of America in particular .
I would not have been saddened had I heard that the earth had opened up and swallowed the entire country in one righteous gulp .
I was only a child then , of course , immature , lacking in knowledge of the world at large , and fiercely loyal to u201 Cmy side , u201D as children so often are ( and as Samantha Smith herself was at first , given the wording of her letter to Andropov ) ; but my worldview began to mature after Samantha opened the Soviet Union up a little and let us average folk have a look inside .
From then on , the tragedy of nuclear war ( of war at all , for that matter ) took on a new dimension .
I no longer saw only American children huddled in their basements in fear of impending annihilation , but Soviet children as well — both equally wanting to live and grow up , both feeling equally helpless as their governments tried to destroy one another for whatever reason .
Now , do n't get me wrong here : none of this should be taken as an apology for the Soviet Union .
The Soviet state was , in fact , a repressive monstrosity , second only to Communist China in terms of oppression and murder among the nations of the modern world .
Nor was Yuri Andropov the grandfatherly sort of man that Samantha Smith envisioned him when she received his reply to her letter .
In reality , Andropov was brutal and ruthless , a true believer in iron - fisted tyranny .
He had played a key role in the Soviet invasions of Hungary and Afghanistan , and , had he been younger and in better health when he ascended to the leadership of the Soviet empire , East and West might very well have had that war they so narrowly avoided .
So , no , Yuri Andropov was no kindly old reformed Communist eagerly seeking an opportunity to display the fruits of his repentance before the world .
His invitation to Samantha Smith was a convenient propaganda piece , and a masterful one at that .
Whether it was his idea or a bit of public relations magic his handlers conjured up for him , we may never know ; but it was a play that would have made Lenin himself crack a chilly smile .
It scored the Soviet government some brownie points in the court of international opinion at the time .
That said , however , Samantha 's visit ultimately back - fired on the Soviets more than it benefited them , and it did so in two important ways : first , by providing a much - needed respite in an atmosphere of otherwise unremitting hostility ; and second , as I 've already indicated with regard to myself , it caused the American and Soviet people to re-evaluate one another a bit .
As the Christmas truce of the First World War demonstrates , the last thing that most governments want is their people mixing with the enemy , as , more often than not , once those peoples come together , they discover that those they have been trained to hate really do n't sleep in coffins or toss babies about on bayonets .
The Soviet people impressed Samantha with their — well , humanity — and she opened their eyes a bit as well ; the Soviets eventually named a diamond , a mountain and an asteroid after her , and issued a postage stamp with her likeness .
At the time of her death , Mikhail Gorbachev wrote :
Everyone in the Soviet Union who has known Samantha Smith will forever remember the image of the American girl who , like millions of Soviet young men and women , dreamt about peace , and about friendship between the peoples of the United States and the Soviet Union .
Samantha Smith postage stamp issued by the Soviet Union in 1985
Samantha once told Nightline 's Ted Koppel that she hoped her efforts on behalf of peace would do some good .
Clearly , they did .
While Samantha herself never lived to see the Berlin Wall battered to pieces and the hammer - and - sickle lowered from the spires of Moscow to the cheers of hopeful millions , she became a symbol of the courageous vision that brought about those events in the fullness of time .
History 's gallery walls are crowded with the portraits of warriors , conquerors and tyrants , but precious few advocates for peace .
And of those few , Samantha Smith is unique ; never before or since has anyone so young impacted the world stage , and she did so at an especially crucial time .
It is to our shame and detriment that we have largely forgotten her .
Today 's troubled world could use an infusion of her optimism and her call for understanding .
We could do with a reminder that , although there are truly evil people in the world and we do right in opposing them , far too often we allow ourselves to be overcome by prejudices that blind us in terms of how we perceive other cultures , and how they perceive us .
And so , here 's to you , Samantha , one of the blessed peacemakers , from one of your generation who still remembers .
You challenged us .
You encouraged us .
You gave us hope .
You did us proud .
Samantha Smith 's official web page .
Reprinted from The Jeffersonian .
April 12 , 2010
Robert Hawes is the author of One Nation , Indivisible ?
A Study of Secession and the Constitution .
This article , along with his past writings , can be found on his blog .
He lives in South Carolina with his family , and is working on a career as a freelance writer .
The Best of Robert Hawes
BOSTON --
He was dressed in all black .
He was pale .
He spoke softly .
He was genuine .
He was serious .
But mostly , Bruins forward Marc Savard is still concussed , and he's not happy about the likely season - ending hit he received by the Penguins ' Matt Cooke on March 7 in Pittsburgh that resulted in a Grade 2 concussion .
Cooke was not penalized or suspended for his elbow to the head .
Marc Savard talks about his head injury on Saturday before the Bruins ' game against the Flames .
AP Photo / Michael Dwyer
" Well , I have obviously viewed it a couple of times and I think it was a play that did n't need to happen , obviously , " said Savard Saturday morning at TD Garden .
" To me it was n't a shoulder and I watched the [ Mike ] Richards on [ David ]
Booth hit .
I think that was a shoulder .
I think mine was more of an elbow , so I think there was an attempt to injure there .
I was , obviously , very unhappy with what happened and I think it could have been avoided very easily . "
He said he has no recollection of the hit .
Since the incident in Pittsburgh , the Penguins have played in Boston and Cooke has expressed his apologies and regrets for the hit and said he had no intent to injure Savard .
Cooke has even tried to contact Savard .
" Yeah , he has tried and he has tried to get my phone number and stuff like that , " said Savard .
" But from what happened I really do n't , right at the moment , have any interest in talking to him and that 's just how I feel .
Maybe down the road , but right now , I am not feeling any better so I would rather just not talk to him . "
Cooke , speaking after Pittsburgh 's 4 - 1 win over Philadelphia on Saturday , denied the hit was intentional .
" I have to thank my wife , my kids and the Penguins for sticking by me through this .
It 's hard on them because they know those comments are n't true , " Cooke said .
It 's clear Savard is n't feeling well .
He said he 's been having trouble sleeping , is unusually irritable , and that he battles frequent headaches .
As much as he would like to return to the ice , especially with the Bruins fighting for a postseason berth , it 's unlikely he will be able to play this season .
" I just want to get well .
Obviously I 'd like to get back and help my team , especially on the power play , " he said with a smile and an elbow nudge to general manager Peter Chiarelli , who was sitting next to him during the news conference .
" I 'm not looking at it right now like that .
I just want to get healthy .
I 'm getting the fresh air , I 'm doing the walking and stuff , but I need a couple clear days I guess before I can think about getting on a bike and stuff like that .
So right now , I 'm just getting better and taking it day by day . "
He 's had the lingering effects of someone who has suffered a concussion , including some good and some bad days , and he 's been trying to keep up with his teammates as much as possible .
" Obviously I miss playing hockey and miss being with my buddies , so hopefully that happens soon , " he said .
When the hit occurred , the Bruins were publicly criticized for their lack of retaliation on Cooke .
Even hockey personnel within the organization were n't happy .
When the Penguins came to Boston on March 18 , Bruins pugilist Shawn Thornton dropped the gloves with Cooke on their first shift .
Boston lost 3 - 0 .
Savard said he was happy with the response by Thornton , but not the team 's position in the standings .
Aravosis reports on the increasing threat to Dem members of Congress .
Now we find out that 10 members of Congress have asked for increased security following threats ....
Here are Chuck Todd 's tweets on the latest : RT @chucktodd : House Maj .
Leader
Hoyer says he 's worried about the security of fellow House Dems ; Calls on House GOP leaders to join in decrying threats RT @chucktodd :
Hoyer says any member of Congress who is concerned about threats is receiving access to security ;
So far , over 10 members .
CBS News has obtained audio of threats made against Rep. Bart Stupak .
The calls placed to Stupak 's office reveal the extreme anger members of Congress are facing .
" Congressman Stupak , you baby - killing mother f***er ...
I hope you bleed out your a** , got cancer and die , you mother f***er , " one man says in a message to Stupak .
" There are millions of people across the country who wish you ill , " a woman says in a voicemail , " and all of those thoughts that are projected on you will materialize into something that 's not very good for you . "
CBS
News also obtained copies of faxes sent to Stupak , which include racial epithets used in reference to President Obama and show pictures of nooses with Stupak 's name .
Another of the threatened members , pro-life Rep. Steve Driehaus , spoke with Brian Beutler today :
Last week , the anti-reform advocacy group the Committee to Rethink Reform published an ad in The Cincinnati Enquirer featuring a photo of Dreihaus with his children .
( Both the Committee and the Enquirer have retracted and apologized for the ad . )
Now , conservatives are planning a Sunday protest outside of his house , after a conservative blog put his address -- complete with directions -- on the Internet .
Speaking to me and another reporter outside the House chamber this afternoon , Driehaus said Republican leaders are to blame for the vitriol -- and implied that they will bear some responsibility if reform opponents ' anger bubbles over into violence .
" I think if you look at some of the language that has been used by leaders on the Republican side , one should n't be surprised , " Driehaus said .
" Unfortunately many of us are now receiving threats , death threats ....
These comments that have been made by Republican leaders can serve as -- I do n't know if I want to say an excuse or perhaps permission for people who may be unbalanced , who may be calling with these threats . "
Rep .
Tom Perriello , whose brother 's family has become a target , adds in a statement :
" My number one priority right now is ensuring the safety of my brother 's family , and I am grateful to law enforcement for their excellent work , " Perriello said in a statement today .
" While it is too early to say anything definitive regarding political motivations behind this act , it 's never too early for political leaders to condemn threats of violence , particularly as threats to other Members of Congress and their children escalate . "
Absolutely Republican leaders need to condemn this , loudly and frequently .
Or are they going to let Sarah Palin be the only voice of leadership on the issue ?
PRINCETON , NJ --
More than three - quarters of Americans have heard about the state of Arizona 's new immigration law , and of these , 51 % say they favor it and 39 % oppose it .
These results are based on a new Gallup poll conducted April 27 - 28 , in the days after Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer 's signing the bill into law .
The law makes it a state crime for illegal immigrants to be in the country , and allows Arizona law enforcement officials to detain those suspected of being in the country illegally unless they can prove otherwise .
The law has sparked protests in Arizona and other parts of the U.S. , and calls for economic boycotts of the state .
Nationally , 62 % of Republicans support the law ( including 75 % of Republicans who have heard about it ) .
Democrats are more likely to oppose ( 45 % ) than favor ( 27 % ) the law , and a majority of Democrats familiar with the law ( 56 % ) oppose it .
Independents are somewhat more likely to favor ( 37 % ) than oppose ( 29 % ) the law , with half of those who have heard about it in favor .
A total of 78 % of Americans say they have heard or read something about the law , with more than half reporting a great deal ( 24 % ) or fair amount ( 34 % ) of exposure .
These figures are similar by party group .
Regardless of their level of self - reported familiarity with the Arizona law , Americans are generally more supportive of than opposed to it .
Note that the poll did not attempt to measure actual knowledge about the law or describe the various provisions of the law to respondents .
Bottom Line
Most Americans have heard about Arizona 's tough new immigration law , and they generally support it .
The law was passed partly in response to a lack of federal action on the issue .
Since the Arizona bill became law , congressional Democrats have considered taking up the issue in the coming weeks , though this initial read on public opinion toward the Arizona law suggests Americans may not necessarily back an attempt to supersede or otherwise undermine it .
Reseller , ProxyMate.net , will offer proxy server provisioning for users that want to bypass the Federal Government 's impending Internet clean - feed .
An IT reseller is launching a cloud - based proxy server provisioning service to fight the Federal Government ’s proposed Internet filter .
ProxyMate.net founder , Chris Bell , said his website will kick - off this month with the help of fellow Web developers .
He has been in the IT industry for 18 years and works full - time as a systems administrator .
Proxy services are nothing new and have been used to overcome filters in countries such as China and Dubai .
Bell claimed the filter will give Australian parents a false sense of security as it will do little to protect children against ‘ inappropriate ’ material .
His website will use the Amazon Web Service ( AWS ) to provision a dedicated proxy server for each user to bypass Internet filters anonymously .
The server will then ‘ self - destruct ’ after the user has finished .
ProxyMate.net will charge users $ 0.20 per hour depending on download usage .
The concept had been on the backburner for several months but Bell kicked things into high gear as discussions on the proposed ISP - level clean - feed started to heat up .
“ It is a cloud service that can be charged per hour and per MB , ” he said .
ProxyMate.net is currently a bare - bone site but Bell intended to get the service up and running soon .
An application programming interface ( API ) is ready to be deployed but a billing service has yet to be implemented .
While there was initially some commercial motivation behind ProxyMate.net , it has since shifted focus .
Bell said he had no intentions to get rich from ProxyMate .
net and was only doing this to prove a point .
“ There is probably a business opportunity in there but I ’ll leave it for somebody with more time to put into it than I do , ” he said .
Instead ,
Bell wanted the website to be a hub for filtering information and his proxy service to be a tool to educate customers on how “ easily , cheaply and securely circumventing a filter can be done without actually creating anything ” .
“ I have a real job so I ’m not interested in a high - maintenance website , ” Bell said .
“ The idea is anybody can use it and all the billing infrastructure and systems are handed off to third - parties .
“ All the tools are already out there to bypass the filter . ”
Bell hoped to develop a completely self - serviced website where billing and provisioning would be automated through a one - page online application form .
ProxyMate will have an emphasis on providing a secure proxy service for users .
“ People need to realise there are security risks involved with using proxies , but we offer something more secure , ” Bell said .
Also on the cards is a proxy service , which locks computers into a clean - feed as a tool for parents to control content access by their children .
Bell ’s anti-filter stance complements
The Pirate Party member and Newcastle - based reseller , David Campbell , who have begun offering classes on how to bypass Internet filters .
Systems integrator , Minopher , is also looking to host its own filter circumvention classes .
If the mandatory filtering bill is passed , a clean - feed will be imposed onto Australia which will block refused classification ( RC ) material .
So far , the Government has yet to ratify the standards for labelling RC content .
The filter plan was recently criticised by a University of Sydney academic for being short - sighted .
Flower Delivery Hong Kong
Ltd is a top florist specialising in same day flower delivery service .
As a leading online florist , we deliver the most exquisite flower bouquets , flower baskets and flower arrangements all over Hong Kong .
Ordering flowers from our online flower shop is easy and secure .
We have floral gifts for all occasions .
A same day flower delivery is ideal for anniversaries , birthdays , weddings , funerals , grand openings , as well as arrival of new babies .
Our beautiful floral designs , are hand tied with only the freshest flowers such as roses , lilies , calla lilies , gerberas , orchids , carnations , sunflowers , and tulips .
Express your love with flowers on Valentine ’s Day and Mother ’s day .
Send a special message with a sympathy flower , a romantic flower , a get well flower , a congratulation flower , or a thank you flower .
ORLANDO , Fla . –
The labor movement will put “ everything we ’ve got ” into a primary election challenge this year against Arkansas Sen .
Blanche Lincoln , a Blue Dog Democrat , an AFL - CIO official indicated unofficially this morning .
The labor official described Lincoln as “ just terrible for working people . ”
The official said the “ full resources of the labor movement will be used to back a primary challenge against her by Bill Halter , the state ’s lieutenant governor . ”
The official announcement of the decision to mount a labor - backed drive to unseat Lincoln could come as early as tomorrow .
The move signifies that the federation is making good on repeated vows by its leaders that all elected officials , Democrats included , will be judged against new and tougher standards set by the labor movement .
Lincoln , who has had labor support in the past , has betrayed that support , union officials say , by working against passage of the Employee Free Choice Act , stalling on health care reform and backing a Republican filibuster against President Obama ’s pro-labor appointments to the National Labor Relations Board .
In a separate interview this morning , the AFL - CIO ’s political director , Karen Ackerman , said , “ Yhe political environment is a difficult one for working people .
When it comes to the elections this year , labor will use what candidates and elected officials are doing about job creation as the ultimate guide to where our support will go . ”
Although she would not confirm a plan to dump Lincoln , she said Lincoln had “ backtracked on the EFCA , would not support the public health care option and voted with Republicans on the NLRB . ”
Ackerman said the recent election of Scott Brown , a Republican , to fill the Senate seat in Massachusetts that was held by Edward Kennedy , should not be taken as a sign that workers are becoming more conservative .
“ Workers are angry about the state of the economy and they want to know why things are taking so long to fix .
They were not happy about plans to tax their health benefits and took this out on the Democrats , ” she said .
Ackerman said the labor movement needs , in addition to a good candidate , six weeks or so to move its grassroots electoral operation in a state into action , and when Martha Coakley , the Democratic candidate in Massachusetts , fell behind in the polls there “ just was n’t enough time . ”
Ackerman also noted that the election in the Bay State showed why candidates should not waver in their commitments to working people .
“ Voters have to see that by supporting a candidate or a party their interests are being protected and they will not see this when the elected official or the candidate is not doing this . ”
Photo : Arkansas Lt. Gov. Bill Halter addresses a state labor meeting in 2009 .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/ / CC BY 2.0
TM - E 30 - 480 : Handbook on Japanese Military Forces Technical Manual , U.S. War Department , October 1 , 1944 [ DISCLAIMER :
The following text and illustrations are taken from a WWII U.S. War Department Technical Manual .
As with all wartime manuals , the text may be incomplete or inaccurate .
No attempt has been made to update or correct the contents of the original technical manual .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
Chapter VII : Tactics of the Japanese Army Part II : Application of Tactics Section IX : Small Island Defense 1 . GENERAL .
The information in the following section has been obtained mainly from observations made before and during operations against Japanese island bases in the Central Pacific Area and also from detailed studies of these bases after capture by Allied Forces .
Studies of the Japanese island bases , made before their occupation by Allied Forces , checked very closely with the defenses as found on the ground .
The defenses of these islands are probably typical of those of other Japanese island bases in the Pacific .
2 . TYPES OF SMALL ISLANDS .
a. General .
The small islands of the Pacific fall into two main classes : the coral atolls and the volcanic islands .
Japan has established bases on islands of both of these types .
The particular type of base set up has been dictated by terrain considerations , geographical location , and strategical necessity .
Thus , not all of the Japanese bases in the Pacific are large ones and not all of them can be considered as supply and command centers .
b. Coral atolls .
Coral atolls are small low - lying , generally oval - shaped rings of islets inclosing a lagoon which may run from about 2 to 65 miles in diameter .
( See figure 101 . )
These islets may extend from a few yards to a mile in width and from a few yards to several miles in length .
The total land area of an atoll may range from a few hundred square yards to 6 square miles as in the case of Kwajalein , the largest known one .
Atolls are rarely more than 25 feet above sea level , and , with few exceptions , are covered by dense growths of coconut palm , pandanus , and salt marsh .
The water table is usually only a few feet below the surface of the ground , and , as a result of this , deep entrenchments and fortifications cannot be dug .
A bomb crater generally fills up with water in a few hours .
This limitation on excavations on coral atolls forces the defenders to build their fortifications above the ground in most cases and has resulted in the adoption of the bunker and pillbox type of fortification for atoll defense .
The one exception to the above mentioned limitation is the antitank ditch .
When these are constructed in low lying places they sometimes fill up with water and become a better obstacle .
Some atolls have excellent large vessel anchorages in the lagoon ( Kwajalein and Wotje ) , while others have no channel into the lagoon and only provide offshore anchorage , such as Uterik and Namorik .
Figure 101 . Coral atoll . c. Volcanic and raised coral islands .
The Marshalls and Gilberts , and all but five of the Carolines , are coral islands .
The exceptions are volcanic , or volcanic and coral .
Some of the coral islands , such as Nauru and Ocean , are not atolls and contain no lagoons .
These islands are large , circular , raised land masses and have been developed into bases by the Japanese .
In common with the atolls they are surrounded by coral reefs .
d. Volcanic Islands .
The volcanic islands of the Central Pacific have been developed into major bases by the Japanese .
These run in a line from East to West as follows : Kusaie , Ponape , Truk , Yap and Palau .
( See fig .
102 . )
These volcanic islands are much larger in size than the atolls and can support considerable garrisons .
Most of the volcanoes are extinct , but some in the northern Marianas are active .
Some , like Truk , are groups of islands .
Truk is completely surrounded by a coral barrier reef located some distance off shore ; and it contains a fine harbor and considerable anchorage space .
Fresh water supplies are generally ample , and there is room on these islands for air - bases .
The terrain is rugged and mountainous and is similar to some of the Hawaiian islands .
Figure 102 . Map of Pacific .
3 . DEFENSE OF VOLCANIC ISLANDS .
The defense of volcanic islands consists of beach positions , heavy naval guns up to 12 - inch size , and mobile reserves .
Beach defenses consist of observation posts , strong points , and obstacles , but these are not to be considered a perimeter defense .
Large - sized units are held as reserves and are employed in counterattacking at threatened points .
The defenders have the advantage of dominant observation , knowledge of the terrain , and large amounts of supplies .
In addition to this , they have maneuver room , and if driven into the hills are quite capable of carrying out harrassing operations for long periods .
Airstrips are located on the volcanic island bases , and both land - based and naval aircraft are used in the defense .
Antiaircraft artillery is used in the defense of harbors and landing fields .
Army troops , as well as Special Naval Landing Forces , are likely to be encountered on these bases .
4 . TYPES OF ATOLL ISLAND BASES .
Some of the atolls have been developed into large airfields , while others are not large enough to contain an airstrip , and are used as seaplane bases where the aircraft use the lagoon as an anchorage and landing area .
Others are not suitable for either of the above types of base and are used as weather stations and radio relay points .
5 . LIMITATIONS ON SIZE OF GARRISONS .
There is a physical limitation on the number of men that can be placed on an atoll in view of the limited space and the difficulties of fresh water supply .
On most atolls , evaporators must be used to supplement the rainwater cisterns and the brackish water wells .
The problem of supply and storage area also limits the size of garrisons .
Natural food supplies on an atoll are very scanty , with the exception of fish , and since this is a staple of Japanese diet it is used a great deal to supplement the rations shipped in .
Refrigeration is also a problem as foodstuffs spoil rapidly in tropical climates .
6 . CORAL REEFS .
All coral atolls are surrounded by reefs on both the ocean and lagoon sides of the islets .
This is a great natural obstacle in favor of the defenders .
In the Makin and Tarawa operations , certain landing craft could not negotiate the reef , and the landings therefore had to be made in amphibious tractors or by wading ashore several hundred yards in chest deep water .
These reefs may extend from shore for a few yards or as much as a half mile .
During high tide the reef is submerged below a few feet of water , while at low tide it may be completely exposed and above water .
At low tide the reef makes a perfectly flat cleared field of fire for the defenders .
As a rule no reef is found opposite the mouth of a river .
7 . TYPES OF ATOLL DEFENSES .
Two major types of defense are encountered on coral atolls : the perimeter defense and the fortified central area with outposts .
a. Perimeter defense .
The perimeter defense is the one almost always used by the Japanese and is usually encountered on small islets in the atoll ring which are generally large enough only for an airbase .
The landing field covers most of the islet , and the remainder of the installations are located around the field .
Defensive works are a continuous band around the islet and are not generally in great depth .
Practically all men are committed to the perimeter at the outset of a fight with few troops held in reserve .
All types of weapons are on the perimeter , from 6.5 - mm rifles to 8 - inch naval turret guns .
Trenches , pillboxes , barbed wire , mine fields , and antitank ditches are used in the defense .
An example of the perimeter defense is shown in figure 103 .
Figure 103 .
Perimeter defense .
b. Fortified central area .
Another type of defense is used on islets which are long and narrow , or which are too long for the use of a perimeter defense with the amount of troops available at the time .
The Japanese do not fortify the entire perimeter , but generally group their installations in a central area , build tank traps at the ends of the area , and install their defensive works behind the tank traps facing out .
Small outposts are placed on the remainder of the islet , but there is no continuous line of defenses outside of those in the fortified area .
The tank ditch apparently plays the most important role in the defense plan , since a great part of the defenses are arranged to keep attackers from penetrating that line , and the majority of the pillboxes are located there .
The heavier guns are placed near the shores between the tank ditches , since most of them are fixed guns and could not be used for close - in defense .
The outposts generally consist of antiaircraft batteries and machine gun posts located at the extremities of the islets .
A typical central fortified area is shown in figure 104 .
Figure 104 .
8 . DETAILS OF ATOLL DEFENSES .
a. Antiaircraft defenses .
( 1 ) Early warning measures .
The first evidence of Japanese radar in the Central Pacific was encountered early in 1943 .
While the performance of this equipment has not been up to accepted standards , improvement can be expected in the future .
The extreme range of Japanese radar noted to date is 60 - 70 miles .
The Japanese also make use of watchers as well as radio and weather stations on small undefended atolls as a means of passing early warning back to their defended bases .
( 2 ) Antiaircraft weapons .
In small islands encountered so far the only heavy antiaircraft guns definitely identified are the 75 - mm ( 7 - cm ) antiaircraft gun and the twin - mount 127 - mm dual purpose gun .
These weapons are generally in two or three gun batteries and seldom in large groups .
All weapons are well emplaced in heavily constructed revetments .
The Japanese also have 20 - mm and 25 - mm antiaircraft automatic weapons .
In the Gilberts 13.2 - mm machine guns in single and twin - mounts were used .
Automatic 7.7 - mm and 6.5 - mm guns are also used as antiaircraft weapons .
( 3 ) Passive defensive measures .
The Japanese have constructed heavy air raid shelters of palm logs , sandbags , and loose sand .
On Makin and Tarawa these were extensively used during the bombardment by the Japanese troops , civilian laborers , and natives .
Fox holes ( weapon pits ) and heavily revetted buildings also were encountered .
Storage buildings and planes were dispersed as widely as the size of the islets permitted .
( 4 ) Camouflage .
Where used , camouflage is excellent , but is confined mostly to small weapons emplacements , antiaircraft guns , and alternate positions .
Some buildings are dazzle painted .
Great use is made of dummy installations in island defense and the Japanese take great pains in this .
Most camouflage is obtained by the use of natural materials .
( See figs .
105 , 106 , and 107 . ) Figure 105 .
Example of camouflage .
Figure 106 .
Example of camouflage .
Figure 107 .
Example of camouflage .
b. Antilanding measures .
( 1 ) Obstacles and mine fields .
The greatest obstacle in the attack of a small island is the coral reef which surrounds it .
The reefs are found on both lagoon and ocean sides of the atolls and on the ocean side of other islands .
However , there may be small stretches of beach on the lagoon side of the islets which are free of reefs and small stretches of reef - free beaches on the windward face of the ocean side of the islets .
The Japanese have strengthened this natural obstacle by placing concrete pyramids ( tetrahedrons ) , horned scullies , coral cairns , barbed wire , and log boat barricades on the reef .
( See figs .
108 , 109 , 110 . ) Figure 108 .
Japanese beach obstacles .
Figure 109 .
Beach obstacles .
Figure 110 .
Beach obstacles .
Interspersed with these is a mine field of waterproof mines containing a heavy charge of explosives detonated by a chemical - electric fuse .
The detonating nipples of the mines are connected by wire to the obstacles and some also by wire to the shore .
They can then be detonated by three methods : by direct contact , by hitting a trip wire , or by a pull wire from shore .
Antitank mine fields also are placed on the beaches on both flanks of the antitank ditches .
The reef is hard and will support medium tanks with ease .
( 2 ) Pattern of fire and defensive weapons .
( a ) The defense of the beach is built around the machine gun and a final protective line .
The beach defense usually consists of a shallow line of strong points , with a secondary line of lesser density located slightly to the rear .
Because of the small size of the islands , depth of the defense is limited .
The strong points consist of a group of bunkers and pillboxes connected by trenches and are covered by fire from riflemen in fox holes all around the installation .
These fox holes are connected by communication trenches .
The pillboxes and bunkers within the strong point are mutually supporting .
Each rifleman protecting the pillbox generally has several alternate positions .
He runs from one to another , and during combat this practice sometimes leads to an over-estimation of the strength of the defenders .
The Japanese make extensive use of hand grenades in the defense of small islands , and flame throwers were present on Tarawa and Kiska .
( b) The Japanese defense of small islands is based on breaking up an attack before it reaches the shore , and all coast defense guns up to the 8 - inch are sited so that they can be employed against small boats and landing vehicles .
Batteries have local fire director control , generally 2 or 3 guns with observation towers at the gun position .
Flat trajectory weapons predominate , with howitzer type weapons in the minority .
These weapons are placed well forward on the beach where direct laying can be used against landing craft .
Their grouping is shallow , all weapons being sited so that they can be used to repel a sea - borne invasion .
This also applies to antiaircraft guns , the secondary mission of which is to repel surface craft and landing vehicles .
To date coast defense guns found on these islands have ranged from 3 to 8 inches .
The 8 - inch guns were in turrets , while the 6 - and 5 - inch had shields .
All were well emplaced in heavy revetments , with ammunition storage in covered emplacements close to the guns .
( c ) All machine guns are sited to fire outward around the perimeter .
Most of them are sited for cross - fire and cover the beach obstacles with enfilading fire .
A few are also sited to fire to the rear of their positions .
Some machine guns are in open emplacements , while others are set up in pillboxes .
Those in open emplacements are generally dual purpose and have wide fields of fire ; those in pillboxes have narrow fields of fire and are sited to fire only in one direction .
All emplacements are protected by riflemen in foxholes and trenches around the installations .
Some infantry regimental guns and battalion howitzers are used .
Small use was made of trench mortars at Makin and Tarawa ; however , this probably was so because of the limited number of such weapons in the Special Naval Landing Forces .
Small arms used are both 7.7 - mm and 6.5 - mm caliber .
( 3 ) Field fortifications .
The Japanese defense of small islands is characterized by the extensive use of field fortifications .
The bunkers and pillbox emplaced machine guns are the backbone of defensive fire .
These fortifications have been developed from small installations , composed of a single layer of palm logs and sand bags and large enough for only a few men , into massive structures 6 to 8 feet thick , housing more than a squad .
Palm logs are giving way to reinforced concrete and completely enclosed steel structures .
These bunkers are relatively safe from damage by anything less than a direct hit by a 155 - mm shell or larger .
( See figs .
111-112 . )
The Japanese defend these to the last man , and some have been known to remain in these positions for days amid rotting corpses subsequently to come out fighting during mopping - up operations .
( This was true at Tarawa and Makin . ) Figure 111 .
Japanese field fortifications .
Figure 112 .
Field fortifications .
A typical " bunker " and pillbox strong point protecting a coast defense battery is shown in figure 113 .
Figure 113 .
A typical coastal defense strongpoint .
c. Antitank defense .
( 1 ) Obstacles .
To date the Japanese have constructed tank barriers only on the islets where there are airstrips and seaplane bases .
These , generally , are antitank ditches and lines of obstacles .
The ditches run from 4 to 8 feet in depth and from 10 to 20 feet in width .
( See fig .
114 . )
They extend completely across the islet in the case of the central fortified zone and usually are protected by mine fields on the flanks .
At communication points along these ditches the Japanese construct bridges guarded by palm log barricades filled with rocks .
In the perimeter defense these ditches are found at the ends of airstrips and backing up critical landing beaches .
Low palm log hurdles are placed in front of the ditches in order to slow up tanks approaching the trap .
Concrete pyramids ( tetrahedrons ) and horned scullies are used on the reef as continuous barriers .
Only very recently have the Japanese begun to use mines in defense of islands .
On Tarawa a thick mine field was laid on the reef in the space between the tetrahedrons .
On Kiska thin mine fields were found .
On Makin several hundred mines were found in a warehouse , but none had been laid .
Indications point to greater use of mines in the future .
Figure 114 .
Antitank ditch .
( 2 ) Antitank weapons .
Although they possess more modern guns the Japanese so far have employed 37 - mm rapid - fire guns in island defense .
These guns are employed behind the tank barricades and ditches and are usually in open emplacements .
Alternate positions are prepared for these guns , since the Japanese tactics are to keep antitank weapons mobile .
Light tanks were included in the defense of Japanese bases recently captured , and the Japanese doctrine was to employ them against tanks landed by the attackers .
All Japanese small arms are assigned the mission of firing against tanks and have done so in Pacific operations .
Another antitank weapon is the magnetic mine which has been in use in all Pacific theaters .
d. Supply installations .
( 1 ) Japanese supply installations on small islands closely follow the principal of dispersion .
Supplies are placed in small dumps , in many cases in shallow excavations , as a protection against bombing .
Perishables and food are generally in warehouses , and refrigeration is used on some bases .
With the increase in the size of island garrisons which has been apparent since the latter half of 1943 , the Japanese have been placing a large part of their supplies on islets adjoining those on which their major defenses are sited .
In the case of ammunition , the warehouses are connected by a narrow gauge railway .
Causeways have been built between the islets to make communication easier .
( 2 ) The Japanese also secrete small arms and ammunition in caches at various points on the islets , as at Makin , so that in case of a withdrawal from their fortifications they can fall back along their supply line .
Canteen supplies , beer , and sake were plentiful , and there was no shortage of food .
Supply vessels called at regular intervals .
From most data available a level of supplies of about 6 months seems to have been maintained at all out - lying bases .
Clothing supply was good .
The Japanese in the Gilberts and Marshalls were all well supplied with food and clothing and were in excellent physical condition .
( 3 ) The policy of reinforcing the island bases has been that each ship calling at a base drops off a few more guns and additional ammunition .
The caliber varies , but each type of weapon is incorporated in the defense according to its capabilities .
Ships bring supplies from central island bases or direct from the Japanese mainland .
9 . AIRFIELDS AND SEAPLANE BASES .
a .
Types of airstrips .
The type of airstrip used on the Japanese bases depends on the shape and size of the islet .
On the circular islets the field is made up of two crossed strips .
On crescent - shaped islets a triangular - shaped pattern is used .
On narrow islets a single strip is laid .
These patterns are fairly regular .
Runways are surfaced with coral and have large turn - arounds at each end .
The layout of the runways takes advantage of prevailing winds .
Aircraft revetments are the palm log type , covered with sand .
A new development has been the use of small railway cars loaded with logs and sandbags which , during an air raid , are rolled in place in front of revetments to serve as blast walls .
Hangars are located on the service aprons and are of conventional design .
The presence of underground hangars has been indicated on some bases .
Seaplane bases are uniform in design , and generally consist of two concrete ramps extending into the lagoon , with a concrete apron on the shore bordered by hangars and machine shops .
As a rule these seaplane bases are in the center of a fortified area .
b.
Type of planes used .
The types of planes encountered on small islands have been : four - engined flying boats ; twin -engined medium bombers ; land based pursuit ; and single - engined float planes .
The four - engined flying boat is used for long - range patrol work and now carries the brunt of aerial reconnaissance .
Japanese interception tactics are normal .
10 . SUCCESSIVE STAGES IN CONSTRUCTION OF BASES .
Since the Allied offensive in the Central Pacific began , construction of air bases on most atolls long enough to support an airstrip has been noted .
The first stage in construction of a base is building the airstrip .
The antiaircraft defenses are next set up followed by emplacement of coast defense guns .
Tank barriers and ditches come later , and pillboxes and bunkers last .
The Japanese have used considerable numbers of civilian laborers in the construction of their bases .
These laborers are not permitted to work on the defenses but only on the airstrips , barracks , and docks .
They are carefully segregated from the Japanese military personnel and are not permitted access to the fortified zone .
During the defense of some bases , they were given arms by the Japanese and were told to fight .
Many did , while others merely hid in air raid shelters and then surrendered .
11 . HISTORICAL EXAMPLE OF JAPANESE DEFENSE AGAINST AN AMPHIBIOUS ATTACK ON A CORAL ATOLL .
a. Defense of Makin Atoll .
( 1 ) During assault phase .
The Japanese used air attacks in order to break up the Allied assault before it reached the island .
As the transport groups moved in for the landings the Japanese opened fire with every weapon available .
During the initial landing small arms and automatic weapons opened up when the attacking forces came within range .
They did not wait until troops got close in .
Practically all of the defending troops were in the defensive works , and very few were held in reserve .
They were unable to destroy or break up the assault or to prevent the establishment of beachheads .
In the early stages Japanese defense was mainly by fire and very little by movement .
Many remained in their bunkers and pillboxes until killed .
During the first night the Japanese tried to infiltrate into the attackers ' lines to reoccupy positions lost during the day 's fighting .
( 2 ) During mopping up phase .
When their line of bunkers and pillboxes was breached , the remaining Japanese broke up into small groups and withdrew into covered areas , where they re-formed and then counterattacked .
When these counterattacks were broken up , they formed into small groups to take refuge in bunkers , air raid shelters , and the salt marsh jungle .
Japanese suicides were frequent during the mopping - up phase .
Some remnants of their forces hid out for days after the fighting ceased , subsisting on coconuts and stolen rations , while others tried to escape out to sea .
Probably because of the speed of Allied operations and the rapidity with which their positions were overrun , the Japanese were unable to destroy equipment and stores .
( 3 ) Conclusions .
Since the Japanese were unable to break up the Allied assault before it hit the beach and prevent landings , their beach strong points were overrun rapidly , and their defense plan was nullified .
In order to counterattack they had to withdraw men from their prepared positions and thus lost the advantage of their fortifications .
Their prompt counterattack was entirely in keeping with their normal tactical doctrine .
Back to Table of Contents
Published online 18 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.135
News
Insect sperm fight one another with brute force and chemical weapons .
Reproductive tract of female fruitfly mated to males with sperm containing green or red fluorescent protein .
Science / AAAS
When the sperm of different male insects meet inside a female , they use everything from wrestling to chemical warfare to try and fertilize as large a share of her eggs as possible , according to two studies published this week .
The studies also show that females do n't just let the battle take its course , but manipulate it to their own ends .
A US team has genetically engineered fruitflies to produce sperm that fluoresce in different colours .
The researchers use the technique to watch the sperm of different males as they jostled for position inside a female , giving a first look at sperm competition in action1 .
And researchers in Denmark and Australia have shown that the seminal fluid of some ants and bees aids a male 's own sperm and attacks his rivals .
But queen ants , which need huge sperm reserves for the long years of egg - laying ahead , suppress this competition2 .
Both studies are published in Science .
For the fruitfly Drosophila melanogaster the most recent male to mate with a female fertilizes most of her eggs — 80 % — and his predecessors lose out .
But the mechanism by which the last male got this advantage was n't known .
" The female reproductive tract has been a black box , " says Scott Pitnick of Syracuse University in New York .
Speedy sperm
Pitnick and his colleagues have shed light on the mystery by using transgenic male flies with sperm heads illuminated by green or red fluorescent protein .
The researchers mated female flies with one green - spermed male and one red , and tracked the sperms ' fate by freezing females at different intervals after mating and dissecting them , or examining the reproductive tract in real time under a microscope ( see videos of fluorescent sperm in female reproductive tracts here and here ) .
They saw a complex series of events during and after mating , in which both sexes have a say .
Males transfer about 1,400 sperm per mating .
The female stores about 500 of these in three storage organs — blind - ended tubes that branch off from the reproductive tract .
“ The female reproductive tract has been a black box . ”
As soon as the second mating begins , before any sperm are transferred , the female releases some of the first male 's sperm from storage .
This might be triggered by physical stimulation , or by chemicals in the second male 's seminal fluid .
Then , the second male 's sperm arrive , and seem to flush their competitors out through vigorous motion .
This ousting of other sperm might be why males transfer about three times more sperm cells than females have room to store .
Several hours after mating , females bring the contest to a close by ejecting any sperm that has n't made it to the storage organs .
The sight of sperm in motion has wowed researchers in the field .
" No one knew how dynamic and fast the ejaculates are inside a female , " says Tommaso Pizzari , a biologist at the University of Oxford , UK .
" It 's like watching schools of fish chase each other . "
Long struggle
Among female insects , the champions of storing and manipulating sperm are queen ants and bees .
In the largest and most complex insect societies , such as honeybees , and leafcutter and army ants , queens mate with up to 20 males in a few hours .
Males die after mating , but their sperm can live on for years .
A leafcutter ant queen , for example , takes around 100 million –400 million sperm on board .
Over the next decade or two , she will use them to fertilize some 50 million – 150 million eggs .
Honeybee queens have shorter lives , but might still produce more than a million offspring .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sperm do n't simply wait their turn inside .
" The queen 's body is an arena where sperm are allowed to fight it out for a while , " says Jacobus Boomsma , a population biologist at the University of Copenhagen .
To see what weapons males used in this fight , Boomsma and his colleagues put sperm from male bees and ants on a microscope slide with either saline , a male 's own seminal fluid , or that of another male .
Sperm survived longer in their own male 's seminal fluid , but died more quickly in another male's .
The fluid seems to contain chemicals that nurture a male 's own sperm and attack the sperm of other males .
Studies of honeybees suggest that it is proteins that attack alien cells , in the same way the immune system does inside the body .
Uneasy truce
For species in which queens mate just once , such as bumblebees , sperm of different males never meet , so there is no competition .
The seminal fluid of these species does not harm rival sperm , the researchers found .
Bumblebee queens mate just once so the sperm of these species d not compete .
B. Baer
" Self - recognition is more pronounced in species with higher levels of sperm competition .
It 's exactly what you 'd expect , " says Pizzari .
By letting sperm fight it out , females let the fittest males father their offspring .
But were this competition to continue , it might threaten the long - term supplies of sperm — particularly in leafcutter ants , where queens pay out just a few sperm to fertilize each egg .
" Every sperm they store is precious , " says Boomsma .
To see how these queens police sperm competition , Boomsma 's team added fluid from the leafcutter queen 's sperm storage organ to the mix .
This , they say , cancelled out the negative effect of another male 's seminal fluid .
It is thought that queens benefit from multiple matings by producing more genetically diverse offspring , and so healthier colonies .
If this is so , it might also be in a male 's interest not to do too much damage to his rival 's sperm , notes Tracey Chapman , an evolutionary biologist at the University of East Anglia in Norwich , UK .
" Once they 're in the storage organs , everybody had better settle down , " she says .
The community of Dundas , Ont. , can lay claim to the moniker of Canada 's most passionate hockey town after officially winning the Kraft Hockeyville 2010 competition on Saturday night .
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman made the announcement from New York during the final game of CBC's Hockey Night in Canada triple - header involving the Edmonton Oilers and the Phoenix Coyotes .
Selected from the more than 12,500 submissions , the community of about 30,000 located northwest of Hamilton receives an NHL pre-season game played at the J.L. Grightmire Market Street Arena , $ 100,000 in arena upgrades , and a visit from Hockey Night in Canada .
The breakdown Community Votes Dundas , Ont. 1,066,855 Bishop 's Falls , N.L. 928,004 Cranbrook , B.C. 786,165 Lawrencetown , N.S. 723,571 Stanstead , Que. 222,517
HNIC host Ron MacLean revealed that the Ottawa Senators will face the Buffalo Sabres on Sept. 28 . at the 60 - year - old Ontario arena .
" This is unbelievable .
It 's beyond words , " Barry Forth , organizer for the Dundas bid , told the CBC's Scott Regehr .
" It could n't have been done with out everyone 's [ help ] . "
Forth was among the throng of supporters who broke out in celebration once the announcement was made .
Forth said the money used for renovations will save the Hamilton region 's oldest arena .
" They talked about shutting down this arena a couple of years ago , " he said .
" There 's no way that 's going to happen now . "
Cassie Campbell - Pascall of Hockey Night in Canada disclosed three of the five finalists before Bettman opened the envelope containing the name of Dundas , which won by more than 100,000 votes ahead of the second - place finisher , Bishop 's Falls , N.L .
Canadians voted for their favourite community online at CBCSports.ca / hockeyville , by text message and by phone .
The CBC and NHL sent one of their well - known personalities and alumni to each of the five finalist communities :
Tom Harrington and Darren Langdon in Bishop 's Falls , N.L .
Colleen Jones and Georges Laraque in Lawrencetown , N.S .
Dan Seguin and Rejean Houle in Stanstead , Que .
Scott Regehr and Curtis Joseph in Dundas , Ont .
Mark Connolly and Dave Babych in Cranbrook , B.C .
The other four finalists will receive $ 25,000 in arena upgrades from Kraft .
The previous winners were : Terrace , B.C. ( 2009 ) , Roberval , Que. ( 2008 ) ; North Bay , Ont. ( 2007 ) ; and Salmon River , N.S. ( 2006 ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An earthquake in southern Taiwan has disrupted power supplies in the capital , Taipei and caused the high speed rail service to be suspended .
There have been no reported deaths but several injuries from falling objects .
The US Geological Survey said the 6.4 magnitude quake hit about 70 km ( 43.5 miles ) from southern Kaohsiung city .
Four years ago a 6.7 magnitude quake in the area severed undersea cables and disrupted telephone and Internet service throughout Asia .
Several fires broke out after the latest quake , including one in a textile factory in the southern city of Tainan , which sent out huge clouds of smoke and stalled lifts .
Services on the southern half of Taiwan 's high - speed rail linking Taipei with the south were stopped pending safety checks .
Subway service in the city of Kaohsiung was temporarily disrupted .
Power outages hit Taipei and at least one county to the south , and telephone service in some parts of Taiwan was patchy .
Buildings swayed in the capital when the quake struck .
Shaking
The quake 's epicentre was near the town of Jiashian , in the same area where the devastating typhoon Morakot struck last August .
A Kaohsiung county official told local television that some temporary housing in the town collapsed as a result of the quake .
Troops were sent to the area to check on the extent of damage and casualties , and local reports suggested several people were injured by falling objects .
" It felt like the buildings were going to collapse , " Chen Pei-chi , a teacher in Shiaolin Elementary School in a village close to the epicentre told AFP news agency .
" I tried to get out , but my legs failed me because I was so frightened .
Many children were screaming while they were running out of the classrooms . "
Taiwan is often rattled by earthquakes .
A 7.6 - magnitude quake in central Taiwan in 1999 killed more than 2,300 people .
• • •
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama today is set to unveil a broad blueprint for oil and natural gas drilling along the nation 's coastlines that would pave the way for energy companies to explore previously untouched Atlantic waters and possibly new areas of the Eastern Gulf of Mexico .
The long - awaited plan — which Obama is expected to detail during a speech in Maryland — represents an attempted compromise among pro-drilling lawmakers , the energy industry and environmentalists that make up the president 's political base .
But it is unlikely to win strong support from the fiercest drilling advocates in Congress and the energy industry , who have accused the administration of slow - walking conventional oil and gas production .
They are expected to oppose many of the administration 's decisions — including the cancellation of planned lease sales in Alaska and potentially years - long waits before new drilling along the East Coast .
Vince Haley , vice president for policy at the conservative group American Solutions , said today 's announcement “ is likely to be an attempt by Obama to seduce the public ( into ) believing that he will do something in the future on offshore drilling , ” but amounts to little more than window - dressing .
Administration officials said the blueprint would keep drilling out of Alaska 's Bristol Bay , home to sockeye salmon and endangered whales .
And it was expected that Pacific waters along California , Oregon and Washington also would be off - limits .
Under revised Interior plan , four pending lease sales in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas north of Alaska would be canceled to allow scientific studies and environmental research before any drilling decisions .
A previously scheduled lease sale in Alaska 's Cook Inlet would still go forward .
A lure for Republicans
The administration also is outlining plans for seismic studies along south - and mid-Atlantic states that could help pinpoint hidden pockets of oil and gas — the first step to allowing new drilling along the East Coast .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has argued that seismic research — which would be done only after it clears environmental reviews — is badly needed to update decades - old geologic data before new drilling in the region .
Obama has repeatedly touted the possibility of expanding offshore drilling this year as part of sweeping energy legislation to promote renewable power and combat global warming .
The administration 's drilling blueprint could add the White House 's imprimatur to Senate negotiations on expanding offshore drilling as part of a climate change bill that the chamber is expected to take up this spring .
Climate change negotiators hope to use the idea of expanded drilling — along with new incentives for nuclear power — as a potent lure for Republicans who have been critical of proposed new caps on greenhouse gas emissions .
One major flashpoint in the negotiations has been whether to share drilling revenue with states and to allow states to opt in or out of drilling along their coastlines .
It was unclear late Tuesday whether Obama endorses revenue - sharing for states .
“ It appears the Northern Atlantic and entire Pacific Coast will now be under a de facto ban ” for drilling , said Patrick Creighton , a spokesman for the Institute for Energy Research , an industry - funded group .
Even if drilling is ultimately allowed in part of the Atlantic , Creighton said , revenue sharing is an essential incentive for states .
The administration 's plans could meet resistance from at least 10 Senate Democrats representing coastal and Great Lakes states who last week raised concerns about “ unfettered access to oil and gas drilling ” that could jeopardize fishing , tourism and military exercises .
The Interior Department retooled the current schedule of offshore leases governing 2007 through 2012 after a federal appeals court last April ruled that the second Bush administration had not done a sufficient environmental review of expanded drilling off the Alaskan coast .
Salazar had said he was readying a second blueprint for leasing from July 1 , 2012 until 2017 — a decision that meant scrapping a Bush - era plan that would have OK'd leases on Pacific and Atlantic waters where no drilling has been allowed for decades .
Opening Eastern Gulf
The administration also plans to sell drilling leases in 2.9 million acres off the coast of Virginia — though it was unclear whether that sale would happen in November 2011 , as originally planned by the Bush administration .
And the president is expected to endorse opening up more of the Eastern Gulf of Mexico for drilling — including areas at least 125 miles off the Florida Coast .
Congress and then - President George W. Bush both moved to expand offshore drilling in 2008 .
First , Bush lifted an executive ban on offshore drilling .
Congress later allowed the expiration of a 26 - year moratorium on oil and gas exploration over 85 percent of the outer continental shelf .
jennifer.dlouhy@chron.com
/ RANT
I 'll tell you the inherent flaw with DRM .
The " M " stands for management and implies control .
But , in fact , all of the DRM implementations are fire - and - forget technologies .
They blast down a blob of data to your device and HOPE the DRM software functions correctly so you can decrypt and use it .
Hope is not a management technique folks .
What they are doing and failing to do is a breach of contract .
A class action lawsuit from all of us could level them .
They can't prove their DRM solutions supply access 100 % of the time to the rightful owners period .
It 's impossible to prove .
Therefore , they have n't sold us a product .
They have n't sold us a service .
They have sold us a weak promise to maybe give us what we originally were promised in the form of a product , but there are no guarantees .
Ever .
In NO other industry than the digital content industry can you get away with this kind of insane contract breach .
END OF RANT /
By Peter Greste
East Africa correspondent , BBC News
Al - Shabab and its allies control most of southern and central Somalia
The Somali Islamist movement al - Shabab has banned the BBC and closed down transmitters broadcasting the Somali language service inside the country .
Al - Shabab accused the BBC of fighting against Islam and supporting the transitional federal government , which the rebels are fighting to overthrow .
The group said the BBC had been broadcasting the agenda of crusaders and colonialists against Muslims .
The BBC said it was strictly impartial and spoke to all sides in the conflict .
The BBC has been broadcasting its services in Somali , Arabic and English across the country on a series of FM frequencies for at least a decade , and surveys suggest it is one of the most widely listened - to news services in Somalia .
' Strict standards '
Al - Shabab ordered all of the BBC 's transmitters to be shut down .
A statement by al - Shabab demanded that any organisation transmitting the BBC , or the Washington - based Voice of America , should cancel their contracts .
Al - Shabab and its allies control most of southern and central Somalia and all but a few districts of the capital , Mogadishu .
They have been fighting to establish an Islamist administration of their own in place of the current government .
The BBC 's broadcasts have been taken off the FM bandwidth , but are still available on shortwave and the internet .
In response to the statement , the head of BBC Africa , Jerry Timmins , said the organisation spoke to all sides in the conflict , including al - Shabab , adhered to strict standards of impartiality and editorial independence and rejected any suggestion otherwise .
Three teachers at a South Los Angeles elementary school have been suspended for allegedly encouraging students to celebrate O.J. Simpson , Dennis Rodman and RuPaul during Black History Month , officials said Wednesday .
FOR THE RECORD :
Teachers ’ suspension :
An article in Thursday ’s LATExtra section about the suspension of three L.A. Unified teachers quoted Los Angeles Unified School District spokeswoman Gayle Pollard - Terry as saying O.J. Simpson , Dennis Rodman and RuPaul were included on a list of prominent African Americans approved by Wadsworth Avenue Elementary School for study during Black History Month .
Pollard - Terry later said only Simpson ’s name appeared on the approved list , which dated to 1985 .
She said the names of Rodman and RuPaul , among others , were added in pencil when teachers were selecting figures to highlight in a school parade , and were not seen by the school principal . —
Children at Wadsworth Avenue Elementary School were carrying pictures of the men at a parade Friday on the school playground , said Los Angeles Unified School District spokeswoman Gayle Pollard - Terry .
She said Supt. Ramon C. Cortines learned about the incident Tuesday and had the teachers , who are white , pulled from their classrooms for the duration of an investigation .
The suspension is without pay for the first three days .
“ The superintendent believes there are better choices , ” Pollard - Terry said .
Other students were carrying pictures of President Obama and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr .
The teachers have not been identified and could not be reached for comment .
District officials did not provide specific details about what the teachers did , saying the investigation was still ongoing .
Some community leaders are n’t satisfied with the suspensions and are calling for the dismissal of the instructors , who teach first , second and fourth grades .
“ I just ca n’t fathom what these teachers were thinking of except to make a mockery of African American history , ” said Leon Jenkins , president of the Los Angeles branch of the National Assn. for the Advancement of Colored People .
L.C. “ Chris ” Strudwick - Turner of the Los Angeles Urban League likened the episode to a series of racially provocative incidents at UC San Diego , where a Feb. 15 off - campus party mocked Black History Month .
“ These kinds of things build on each other , ” she said .
“ When something like that happens in [ San Diego ] and there is no immediate consequence , that emboldens others .
That ’s why I was glad that LAUSD took them out of the classroom right away . ”
Pollard - Terry said Simpson , Rodman and RuPaul were included on a list of prominent African Americans approved by the school for study during Black History Month .
She said the three teachers were believed to have suggested at least some of those names for the list .
The district dispatched a human relations and ethnic diversity team Wednesday to help the school prepare lessons that are “ more appropriate for Black History Month , ” she added .
Strudwick - Turner said the Los Angeles Urban League has been told by people who attended the parade Friday that the teachers had been asked to instruct their classes on a notable African American and that they had selected Simpson , Rodman and RuPaul .
alexandra.zavis@latimes.com
Times staff writer Howard Blume contributed to this report .
Who Dat is rumoured to be the first single from J. Cole ’s Roc Nation debut album .
However the version this is included in this post is not the final mix .
The final version is said to have a different intro section and contain the proper lyrics , not like this clean edit , so you can look forward to the proper cut tomorrow apparently .
J. Cole – Who Dat
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
We have all run into the problem of pre-populating a database for the purpose of debugging or demoing a program .
The problem is complicated by references in database tables and different field types .
web2 py provides a solution for this problem and includes a minimalist Bayesian classifier trained and adapted to the scope .
Here is an example of usage :
Populate
Start the web2 py interactive shell :
$ python web2 py. py - S welcome -M
Define some tables , for example two related to each other ( people and their comments ) :
>>> db.define_table (' person ' , Field ( ' name ' ) ) >>> db.define_table ( ' comment ' , Field ( ' author ' , db.person ) , Field ( ' body ' ) )
Import the “ populate ” function
>>> from gluon.contrib.populate import populate
Ask it to populate the database tables with 100 records each
>>> populate ( db.person,100 ) >>> populate ( db.comment,100 )
See what you got
>>> for comment in db( db.comment.id>0).select( limitby =( 0,3 ) ) : print comment.author.name , comment.body Cocomoto SAYS Rischgitz collection .
j .
In connection with large that they become .
Saducece SAYS
Circumvent the latest measurements at least 600 a dull white except .
Popotadu SAYS
Frequenting forests of specialized member .
But a list of view .
If you like it , commit your changes .
>>> db.commit( )
The generate function is powerful enough to understand different field types ( ‘ string ’ , ‘ text ’ , ‘ integer ’ , ‘ date ’ , ‘ reference ’ , etc. ) their validation constraints and populate them accordingly .
It is also very fast .
Learner
Sometimes you may want to train the Bayesian classifier with your own text and generate new text based on that .
Here is how :
Import the Learner
>>> from contrib.
populate import Learner
Get some text , for example Alice in Wornderland
>>> import urllib >>> text = urllib.urlopen ( ' http://www.gutenberg.org/files/11/11.txt').read()
Have the learner learn the text :
>>> learner = Learner ( ) >>> learner.learn( text )
Ask the learner to generate new text ( 1000 words ) that “ sounds similar ” to the learned text .
>>> print learner.generate( 1000 ) Be. it further .
so very angrily .
it something ; and took me there goes like a few minutes and she went to anyone providing access to repeat tis so bill thought alice and the footman in addition to drop the mouse come here .
and she could hear you .
and peeped into the use in the blame on slates and be of the paper has agreed to the hookah into the question is a table all access to do practically anything you see : the centre of the accident of a little glass table half the rest of receiving it gave her arm for you shouldn t remember half shut .
this and was not be two .
….
He came between them at the door began talking such things to give your tongue said the hatter with seaography : that said was close to watch .
Of course the text does not make any sense .
That is a feature .
The U.S. peace agreement with the Taliban in February cleared the way for current talks in Afghanistan toward a lasting peace in the country .
SGU Consulting provides NYC Tech Support .
We have one goal – to give you the best small business IT support out there .
We know technology is ever - changing , and we ’re here to make sure you can change with it .
From computers to cables to A/V setup to website development , we handle it all under one roof .
For weeks the international media has been excitably reporting on NATO 's campaign to capture or liberate the ' city ' of Marjah in Helmand , southern Afghanistan .
But Marjah , it appears , does not exist .
In a long running narrative , the world was told that the occupying forces had shown their concern for the local people by encouraging them to leave the city before it was taken from the remaining ' insurgent forces ' .
The extraordinary extent of the fiction that seems to have been sold to the world via an ever willing media now stands exposed .
Marjah , it appears , does not exist .
An official from the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan ( ISAF ) , who asked not to be identified , first raised questions marks about the situation on the weekend when he told a journalist at Counterpunch in the US that Marjah was ' not urban at all ' , rather he described it as a ' rural community ' , ' a collection of village farms , with typical family compounds ' .
Other experts have confirmed the view of the ISAF insider .
Richard B. Scott , who worked in Marjah as an adviser on irrigation for the U.S. Agency for International Development , agrees that Marjah has nothing that could be mistaken as being urban .
It is an " agricultural district " with a " scattered series of farmers ' markets , " he said .
NATO sources have been quoted saying Marjah had a population of 80,000 .
The capure of the city has been portrayed as the centrepiece of the ' successful ' and extremely high profile recent offensive dubbed ' Operation Moshtaraq ' .
But the ISAF official said the only population numbering tens of thousands associated with Marjah is spread across many villages and almost 200 square kilometres , or about 125 square miles .
At the moment Marjah is not even officially recognised as an area , let alone being anything approaching a city .
At the centre of the area there is a location where farmers gather for markets , but the only permanent features of the spot are a mosque and a few shops .
' Spinning ' out of control
According to Gareth Porter , writing on Counterpunch , the earliest references in news stories to Marjah as a city with a large population have a common origin in a briefing given on February 2 by officials at Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. Marine base there .
The media fell into line at once .
The Associated Press published an article the same day quoting " Marine commanders " as saying that they expected 400 to 1,000 insurgents to be " holed up " in the " southern Afghan town of 80,000 people . "
The decision to turn Marjah into a city and make it the central objective of " Operation Moshtarak " would not have been made independently by the Marines at Camp Leatherneck .
A central task of " information operations " in counterinsurgency wars is " establishing the COIN [ counterinsurgency ] narrative " , according to the Army Counterinsurgency Field Manual as revised under Gen. David Petraeus in 2006 .
The manual notes that this narrative should be determined at HQ , not in the field .
Military officials have been quite clear about the propaganda importance of operation Moshtaraq .
Just before the Marjah offensive was launched , Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , commander of ISAF went on record as saying " This is all a war of perceptions . "
The Washington Post reported Feb. 22 that the decision to launch the offensive against Marjah was intended largely to impress US public opinion with the effectiveness of the US military in Afghanistan by showing that it could achieve a " large and loud victory . "
What neither the military nor the media have admitted is that this propaganda war would go so far as to invent cities in order to liberate them .
Hi , my name is Justin and I have a problem .
I ’m insane !
1
Being insane really sucks .
But I ’ve got a plan to get back on track .
First , I ’ll dole out some blame .
Then , I ’ll give a little background .
Next , I ’ll really dig into my current insanity .
And finally , I ’ll layout my plan for the future .
The Blame
I like to curse .
And when I ’m mad , I find it definitely helps to calm the rage .
So to begin , I ’d like to give a big fuck you to Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas , the pragmatic programmers .
I love you guys but you get at least some of the blame for making me insane .
Next , I ’d like to give some blame to my wonderful employer , Gorilla Logic , and their penchant for landing such a diverse set of inspiring projects .
You suck for building a candy store and filling it with the sweetest treats .
Unfortunately for me , the lion ’s share of the blame is mine and mine alone .
I ’m insane today because of my lust for the new coupled with my desire to be great .
I want to be a great dad , a great husband , and a great employee .
Who wants to be average ?
It ’s just not possible that I ’m alone .
Who does n’t like cool new stuff ?
Who does n’t want to be great ?
There must be thousands , if not tens of thousands , of fellow developers suffering from insanity that goes undiagnosed .
So this tale goes out to you , my functionally insane brethren .
Together we can heal ourselves .
Who Am I ?
I ’d like to give a little background before I get in too deep with my current insanity .
I ’m a developer .
I get paid to write code ( woo hoo ! ) to solve problems .
Blah , blah , blah , if you just fill in the rest with a bunch of geek stereotypes you wo n’t be far off .
Yes , I like to IM my coworkers instead of just walking over and talking with them .
Yes , I read slashdot .
Yes , I read sci-fi .
Yes , I played lots of Dungeons & Dragons .2 Et cetera …
I consider myself a smart guy , just like every single developer I ’ve ever met .
I stay hungry and motivated to learn something new every day , every week , every year .
Thanks to Andy and Dave , I learn one new language every year .
And most importantly , I try very hard to listen or at least listen more than I argue .
Sometimes it does n’t work out so well , but that ’s another tale …
How I Became Insane
I ’m a big fan of “ right tool for the job ” in both life and development .
In the realm of development , the concept of right tool for the job has metamorphosized into right language for the job , aka polyglot programming .
On the face of it , polyglot programming has a lot of advantages ( here ’s a good talk by Dean Wampler ) , but it is one of the root causes of my insanity .
At Gorilla Logic , we are regular practitioners of polyglot programming .
Our typical enterprise RIA project uses Java on the backend and Flex on the frontend .
Of course , the mix of languages does n’t stop there .
I develop for the web , so when you talk about websites , WordPress and Drupal are immediately in the conversation , and thus PHP .
And since a rich client - side experience is critically important , HTML , CSS , and Javascript are drawn into the mix .
In the mobile world , Blackberry and Android are thankfully mostly Java , but anything Apple takes me into the non-GC ’d world of Objective -C .
I ’ve also been diligently learning my one language a year for a while now .
And when you combine that with work , it has simply become too much .
I ’ve become scattered , my mind has become messy .
Looking at the syntax level , the symptoms are acute .
I ca n’t write a loop .
I ca n’t match a pattern .
I ca n’t build array operations .
My context switching pain is severe , it can literally take hours before I get back up to speed with the language at hand .
But it ’s not just the low - level stuff anymore .
I ’m finding that even at the highest levels of architecture , clean thought is hard to achieve .
Different languages tend to espouse different patterns and paradigms that directly impact architecture level decisions .
For example , if I wanted to write a server in PHP I might consider using OS support like fork and cron .
In Java , I ’m off in thread land .
Erlang it ’s processing and messaging .
Scala is all about actors .
I find myself mixing paradigms and doing stupid stuff , like trying to fake Erlang ’s message passing in PHP by multiple scripts communicating by repeatedly touching rows in a database .
Dumb , but becoming harder to avoid as everything slowly bleeds together in my mind .
I ’m in the mud and I desperately what to be clean again .
My Current Insanity
Here ’s a broad sample of what I ’ve done lately ( as in the last month or so ) for work and personal projects :
Erlang – Work Freshened my Erlang , wrote a sample custom module for ejabberd , played with Nitrogen .
Flex / AS3 – Work I helped out a little bit with FlexMonkey 1.0 , including the fuzzy pixel bitmap comparison support .
Flex / AS3 – Work ScrumMonkey is another Gorilla Logic open - source project .
I upgraded everything to work with Flex 4 and LCDS 3.0 .
Java – Work Fun with Spring , Hibernate , and Spring Actionscript .
Ca n’t say any more about the project .
Javascript – Work I helped develop FlexMonkium , a Selenium - to - FlexMonkey testing tool that enabled automated functional testing of hybrid web apps .
I used Javascript and XUL .
Objective - C – Justin Wrote and published a US states and capitals memorization helper app .
Read more or get it from the app store .
Objective - C – Work iPhone and iPad.
Cool stuff .
Ca n’t talk about it yet .
PHP – Justin Released Viceroy , a one - column WordPress theme with a dash of pink .
PHP – Work
We needed to get our community feedback out of Google Groups and into our FlexMonkey Forum .
I wrote a simple scrapper in PHP and blogged about it .
PHP – Justin Various WordPress and Drupal side projects just for fun .
Ant , Maven , Bash , Rake – Work & Justin Scripted a bunch of stuff …
And that ’s just my current insanity : the languages that I ’ve touched lately .
But I ’m not special !
At least , not in this case .
The list is similar for many co-workers , and many of my friends that are web developers .
The Sensible Plan
If I ’m to blame , then I ’ve got to be the one to fix it .
So here ’s my plan :
Forget one language every year – Forget the syntax , forget the weirdness , and forget the whole ecosystem ( frameworks , tools , community ) .
Say goodbye and do n’t look back .
But before you leave a language behind , pick one core concept , one of the things the language does right , and take that with you .
For example , when I forget Erlang , I ’ll take the concept of concurrent programming with me .
So I ’ll remember stuff like immutability , message passing , and processes .
When I forget Ruby , I ’ll take DSLs with me .
Ruby does lots of stuff well , like blocks , mixins , terse syntax , and meta - programming , but I always enjoyed using all the great DSLs the best , so that ’s what I ’ll remember .
– Forget the syntax , forget the weirdness , and forget the whole ecosystem ( frameworks , tools , community ) .
Say goodbye and do n’t look back .
But before you leave a language behind , pick one core concept , one of the things the language does right , and take that with you .
For example , when I forget Erlang , I ’ll take the concept of concurrent programming with me .
So I ’ll remember stuff like immutability , message passing , and processes .
When I forget Ruby , I ’ll take DSLs with me .
Ruby does lots of stuff well , like blocks , mixins , terse syntax , and meta - programming , but I always enjoyed using all the great DSLs the best , so that ’s what I ’ll remember .
Do n’t learn one programming language every year – Yep , I ’m going against Andy & Dave .
So no Haskel , Clojure , Duby , Go , or Reia for me this year .
I ’m obviously feeling a little full on languages right now , so I ’ll take a break for a few years .
– Yep , I ’m going against Andy & Dave .
So no Haskel , Clojure , Duby , Go , or Reia for me this year .
I ’m obviously feeling a little full on languages right now , so I ’ll take a break for a few years .
Learn one or more APIs every year – Since Web 3.0 is all about APIs , I might as well spend some time learning more of them .
The big boys are obvious : Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , Google Maps , but there are plenty more that are really interesting .
From the practical side , every single web project either integrates with other APIs , wants their own API , or has some set of requirements that force a good SOA architecture ( aka some internal set of APIs ) .
– Since Web 3.0 is all about APIs , I might as well spend some time learning more of them .
The big boys are obvious : Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , Google Maps , but there are plenty more that are really interesting .
From the practical side , every single web project either integrates with other APIs , wants their own API , or has some set of requirements that force a good SOA architecture ( aka some internal set of APIs ) .
Upgrade my soft skills – Slinging code is fun , but it ca n’t be the only thing I do if I want to be a great employee .
So instead of picking up all these little bits of shiny tech , I ’m going to going to focus my lust for the new on upgrading my soft skills .
I write this blog to improve my writing , but I have n’t spoken at a big conference since CLEO / QELS in 1999 and I was really bad .
So I hope to do some public speaking in 2010 .
Basically , I ’m hoping to elevate my kung - fu by going for more depth of knowledge .
Then , I ’ll do my best to control the relentless expansion of breadth .
New and shiny is no longer sufficient .
Talking things through with co-workers and writing this post is a great first step into the future .
I ’m already feeling optimistic about my path .
Footnotes
I ’m not really insane , at least I do n’t think so .
I ’m just functionally insane .
For a glimpse into the mind of a real schizophrenic , I highly recommend Is There No Place On Earth For Me? by Susan Sheehan .
It won the non-fiction pulitzer prize in 1983 , so it ’s a little bit dated now , but an unimaginable story .
Actually , my friends and I played a lot of Rolemaster ( wikipedia ) and Champions ( wikipedia ) which are superior role playing games .
If you are a true fan , you ’ll understand .
If not , the image of boys with dice conjured by Dungeons & Dragons is a good takeaway .
UPDATE : I wrote a follow - up post to address all the great feedback : Schizophrenic Following
Iranian forces launched a big military exercise in the Persian Gulf Thursday , thereby underscoring a grim reality :
The strategy for stopping Iran 's nuclear program is turning into a race against time before options turn from mediocre to bad to worse .
The goal of American policy right now is to slow down the clock — that is , to stretch out the time Iran needs to become nuclear - arms capable .
The hope is to buy time to give other kinds of pressure a better chance to work before military options move to the fore .
That 's ...
Slow motion effect is typically achieved when each film frame is captured at a rate much faster than it will be played back .
When replayed at normal speed , time appears to be slowed down .
This post showcases beautiful and creative slow motion videos .
Slow Motion Punches
People getting punched in slow motion , shot with Phantom camera at 1,000 frames per second .
Blue Thousand and One Slow Motion
Beautiful slow motion work by the Blue Man Group .
Nokia Slow Motion Commercial
Exploding objects shot at 6000 frames per second .
Slow Motion Water Balloon Throwing
Shot at 500 frames per second , directed by Nick Campbell .
Lightning in Slow Motion
Lightning bolt captured with high speed cameras .
Schweppes Burst Slow Motion Commercial
Television commercial where ultra slow motion cameras were used to capture Schweppervescence at 10,000 frames per second .
Boxer Slow Motion Christmas Card
Bubbles in Slow Motion
Sperm donation is banned in Turkey .
Clinics in Turkey were previously only allowed to provide consultancy services and prepare the donor and recipient with the necessary drug protocol .
A full psychological evaluation was also required of all couples considering donation .
We 've already posted on yesterday 's Loretta Hunt piece on the current state of affairs between M - 1 Global , ie Fedor Emelianenko and his manager Vadim Finkelchstein , but I wanted to elaborate a bit on the implications .
Vadim and company are essentially holding Strikeforce hostage .
Strikeforce has tweeted their response to Hunt 's article , but I respect her track record .
If Scott Coker and company want to see Fedor , the world 's # 1 heavyweight , per the USAT / SBN Consensus MMA Rankings , fighting on CBS or Showtime , they will need to clear the card to make way for M - 1's bevy of other world class fighters .
When M - 1 had Gegard Mousasi on their roster , matters were a little different , but he has since parted ways .
The M - 1 roster is loaded with talent like Kiril " Baby Fedor " Sidelnikov , last seen by American fans getting a long and painful lesson in how not to slip a jab from Paul Buentello at Affliction : Reckoning .
As much as I love Russian fighters , and historically they 've played a big role in MMA both in the U.S. and Japan .
There is no one currently on the M - 1 roster other than Fedor who is remotely worthy of getting airtime on CBS .
Sadly , it appears that Strikeforce is hanging onto the CBS deal by its fingertips .
In the full entry we hear from Dave Meltzer from the Wrestling Observer ( subscription required ) :
For Strikeforce , the goal to be at least a successful secondary Pepsi brand going against Coke is largely dependent on maintaining its link to CBS .
They may be able to survive with Showtime footing a lot of the bills , without CBS , but the reach of Showtime is simply too small to offer major competition .
The eventual goal of Strikeforce is to be able to build stars and matches to where they can viably run a few PPV events per year .
Even with CBS , that was going to be difficult .
Without CBS , and that becomes a real longshot .
... For Strikeforce , the big question is whether CBS will continue to air the programming , and is Strikeforce a viable prime time entity on the network .
What we 've learned from the past is that CBS had been successful three out of four shows in selling ads to advertisers who target Males 18 - 34 .
The ratings themselves are lower than regular programming on the network , but the ability to target market to a specific demo is considered the strength of MMA .
The fact is , Strikeforce has drawn a significantly older audience , likely due to the make - up of CBS as an older skewing network , than UFC has done on Spike .
They can hit the targets if they have a major drawing card .
In the past , Fedor Emelianenko , Kimbo Slice and Gina Carano have fit that bill .
The question was whether Dan Henderson would be added to that list , and on a show built around him , he proved not to be .
In the end , CBS did a 1.76 rating and 2.86 million viewers , doing only a 1.26 in Males 18 - 34 ( falling from a 2.3 the prior show ) and a 1.74 in Males 35 - 49 ( down from 2.7 last show ) .
Before the show , they said they hoped because Henderson had more TV exposure in the U.S. than Emelianenko , that they could equal the 11/7 numbers , which was a 2.45 rating and 4.04 million viewers .
However , privately they did not believe that was the case , and were hopeful of beating 3 million viewers .
But it was a demo play and they came up a little short .
... CBS officials will be meeting with Strikeforce later this week .
Even though the rating is going to be the primary determining factor , the rating was at best lower borderline and the demo number disappointing .
The show quality is just what it is .
The matches were n't good .
That 's probably not that significant , although perhaps if they had a hot match or two , the rating would have been very slightly higher .
The show went 45 minutes long , delaying the local newscasts .
Given that the lead - in was a low audience in a demo that probably does n't translate well to the local newscast , the affiliates probably were n't thrilled .
But it was well known when the show was booked that they could go long .
If the ratings were strong , going long was n't going to be a major issue .
If the ratings were strong , the brawl at the end of the show was n't going to be an issue .
Bad fights , weak ratings , going long and the brawl all combined , and people very close to the situation at press time recognized CBS may throw in the towel .
There was negative publicity on the bad rating , and on the brawl .
There were media outlets , most notably the New York Post which insinuated it was completely staged ( it was n't ) and there absolutely was a general public feeling of that same thing .
CBS may be thinking that between this and Kimbo - gate , the so - so ratings and the inherent controversial nature of the programming that no doubt many station executives were against to begin with , that it 's simply not worth the hassle .
I will admit that Strikeforce and CBS would have been better off airing Fedor vs Fabricio Werdum supported by virtually any warm body off the M - 1 bench vs Dan Henderson than the card they aired , from a purely cynical ratings perspective .
As Meltzer shows above , Fedor proved last year against Brett Rogers that he is a serious draw with U.S. fans .
He drew much stronger numbers than Dan Henderson achieved last Saturday and more importantly the numbers went up dramatically when Fedor was on screen .
The tragedy of M - 1's hold out was that Fedor was primed for a break out performance on the heels of his dramatic KO win over Brett Rogers .
Now I doubt that he 'll have a second bite at the U.S. network television apple .
Whatever M - 1 Global is doing , they are NOT looking out for what 's best for Fedor 's career .
Had he posted even better numbers and more media attention for his second CBS fight , he'd have been a star in the biggest sports market in the world .
Now he 'll be a might have been .
As a hardcore fan , I loved the show , but it was clearly a business disaster that might have cost Strikeforce the CBS relationship .
With just Showtime , frankly they can't afford Fedor .
But since M - 1 is under contract with Strikeforce , expect it to take quite a bit of untangling to work out .
I do n't expect to see Fedor fight in the U.S. in 2010 .
If I 'm right , that leaves a New Year 's Eve fight against Josh Barnett or Alistair Overeem in Japan the best possibility for fans to see the greatest martial artist in the sport 's young history fight this year .
Dana
White has been very open about his desire to see Fedor in the Octagon , but that will require untangling the Gordian knot of demands made by Vadim and company .
The reality is this , Fedor is 33 years old in a sport that is infamously hard on aging athletes .
His biggest rivals from the PRIDE era -- Mirko " Cro Cop " Filipovic and Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira -- have seen mixed success at best against the current crop of UFC heavyweights .
Fedor has had much better luck recently , notching spectacular wins over two former UFC champs in Tim Sylvia and Andrei Arlovski as well as a KO finish of Strikeforce 's top contender Brett Rogers .
But the string of unlikely business deals that brought those fights to fruition appears to have run out .
Sad as it is to say , I 'm putting Fedor in the history books and giving up on my hopes for one final run of glory and heroics .
Higgins said she wanted to make a charity donation instead A pet shop owner who was electronically tagged after selling a goldfish to a 15 - year - old boy has said she was " stunned " by the sentence .
Joan Higgins , 66 , pleaded guilty at Trafford Magistrates '
Court to selling an animal to a person under the age of 16 unaccompanied by an adult .
She also admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a cockatiel at Major 's Pets , in Sale , Greater Manchester .
Trafford Council has defended the decision to pursue the prosecution .
Higgins said that she had been in the pet trade for 28 years and would never intentionally harm an animal .
I would rather have donated something to a charity
Joan Higgins , shop owner
She was forced to accept a tag because she is unfit for community work , but said : " I think it 's over the top .
" I would rather have donated something to a charity ...
I 'd rather have done that than have a tag or a curfew .
" You can't always get the balance right .
And this particular one ( boy ) definitely could have passed for 16 .
" Now in my shop any doubt and I ask them all for ID . "
Officials sent the boy in to make a test purchase after receiving a complaint the shop had sold a gerbil to a 14 - year - old girl with learning difficulties , who later dropped it into a cup of coffee .
The boy was sold the fish without his age being questioned or providing any information about its care .
Case defended
An animal welfare officer also noticed a cockatiel in the store that appeared in distress and , when examined , was found to have a broken leg and eye problem .
Higgins was fined £ 1,000 and ordered to stay in her house between 1800 BST and 0700 BST .
The boy bought the goldfish at the pet shop last year Her son Mark Higgins , 47 , who manages the shop , also admitted causing unnecessary suffering and was fined £ 750 and ordered to carry out 120 hours of community work .
The case led to a series of national newspaper headlines bemoaning " Big Brother " snooping by local authorities .
But Jonathan Coupe , executive councillor at Trafford Council , said on Wednesday he " wanted to set a few facts straight " .
He said the " main reason we took this prosecution was because the pet shop owner had caused unnecessary suffering to a cockatiel " .
Trafford Council had already warned the store about not supplying care information to customers , he added .
" Magistrates felt the sentence they imposed reflected the level of cruelty caused to the animal . "
Animal rights group Peta ( People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ) also backed the council 's stance .
A spokeswoman said : " Ensuring pet shop owners adhere to basic animal welfare standards is the bare minimal that must be expected by authorities , yet cruelty in the pet trade remains the norm , not the exception . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is this the sense of belief in the Devil : that not everything that comes to us as an inspiration comes from what is good ?
I wonder what mov ...
A team of researchers at the University of Maryland , Baltimore ( UMB ) , writing in the science journal PLos ONE , have developed a biologic method to tease out which compounds from herbal medicines and medicinal herbal mixtures produce their reputed medicinal benefits .
" This provides the first step to find , from all of the hundreds of compounds in herbs , which ones have potential for medicinal purposes .
And you can do this very quickly and efficiently , " said co-author Laura Dosanjh , graduate student with the School of Pharmacy at UMB .
Science has not been very helpful in determining the efficacy of herbal medicines in the United States .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration , for example , has so far sided with science only once to approve an herb - based treatment with multiple active ingredients -- an ointment for genital warts made from green tea leaves .
Now , using tiny worms that live only 20 days , the team sorted out which compounds found in two common Chinese herbal formulations showed most potential for their stated purpose : extending life expectancy .
Cinnamon and ginseng won , showing the most promise .
A team led by Yuan Luo PhD , MS , associate professor at the School , conducted a first - of - its - kind , " systematic evaluation " of a mixture of 10 herbs called Shi-Quan - Da -Bu - Tang ( SQDB ) , reportedly effective for fatigue and energy ; and an 11 - herb formula called Huo Luo Xiao Ling Dan ( HLXL ) used as a the treatment of arthritic joint pain .
Both mixtures are reputed to have benefits for healthy living and longevity in humans .
advertisement
The researchers tested the mixtures , as well as each separate herb in them , on the laboratory worm model C. elegans .
This particular worm ─which biochemists often use as their ' lab rat '─ shares genes for aging and other traits with humans and other organisms .
Cinnamon bark ( Cinnamomum cassia ) from HLXL extended life span of the worms by 14.5 percent and cinnamon bark from SQDB extended the life 10.8 percent .
Ginseng root ( Panax ginseng ) from SQDB extended life span by 7.7 percent .
Ginseng is not an ingredient in HLXL .
Significantly , cinnamon , ginseng , and SQDB also thinned out levels of hydrogen peroxide , which can destroy cells .
They each also enhanced expression of small heat shock proteins , an indicator for cellular response to stress that plays an important role in maintenance of cell functions .
Furthermore , the life span-extending herbs appreciatively reduced in the expression in C. elegans of a toxicity factor , amyloid , which is a hallmark in the human brain of pathological development of Alzheimer 's disease .
advertisement
In a 1998 national survey published in the Journal of American Medical Association , 49 percent of American adults said they had used herbal medicines within the previous year .
However , proof of efficacy of herbal medicines , even their modes of action in the body , are extremely difficult challenges , said , Luo .
Herbal medicines are usually mixtures of herbs .
That presents a severe challenge for the Food and Drug Administration to understand which compounds or combinations of compounds in the herbs are effective or not effective .
Said Dosanjh , " Because it 's very difficult to sort out so many herbs with so many constituents together , we needed to find a model .
And there is a high level of [ common genetic origins ] with the nematode and humans . "
Luo added , " To isolate a single compound from an herb and test it for a medical condition , it often does n't work ; not like the whole herb works . "
In recent years , scientists have learned to use C. elegans worm as a model system in for studying gene - environment interactions .
In their experiments , the School of Pharmacy researchers first used " wild " C. elegans to screen the herbal mixtures and single herbs .
They determined which herbs aided lifespan of the worms , then tested those herbs on well - characterized mutant worms .
Each mutant was missing a single gene known for lifespan and / or stress resistance .
C. elegans is valuable to science because its very short life cycle is suitable for conducting rapid experiments and between 60 to 80 percent of the 20,000 genes in C. elegans genome have similar origins to human genes .
The genes are found consistently along the evolutionary paths including the worms and humans .
" The good news is that this is a way of testing to show the medicinal effect .
It is now testable .
We have statistical evidence for the first time in C. elegans for a multi- compound drug , " said Luo .
" Most [ scientists ] are not using whole organisms for screening herbs .
This is simple and clean , it is a system to look at specific genes .
Now we have to further validate the human relevancy .
The School of Pharmacy study was published in the Feb. 2010 issue of PLoS ONE , Vo. 5 .
thingamajig
… dozens of multi-colored plastic thingies , metal gizmos in various shapes and a rubber whatchamacallit with a hole in the middle .
— Dick Wolfsie Joni had reached the point in her life when the wrong words flew out of her mouth .
And when she tried to find the correct word , it inexplicably vanished .
" Where 's the whatchamacallit ? " — PRWeb.com
something that is hard to classify or whose name is unknown or forgotten
A year after a Latin patch for Legend of Zelda was released , now the original Final Fantasy is available in Latin as well , a nice boost for the language on top of all the other recent good news .
Legend of Zelda had barely any dialogue at all , but Final Fantasy had quite a bit of it and even the fighting screen had a lot of text so this is a much better way to get some practice in .
This game was just about perfect , except for that one cave you had to go to using the ship instead of the airship later on in the game because it took forever to get there and in the meantime you got attacked every few steps by annoying easy sea monsters that wasted your time .
Thanks to Nathan for letting me know .
Exclusive
The BBC has quietly updated its hugely popular iPlayer with a verification layer that closes the door on open source implementations of RTMP ( real - time messaging protocol ) streaming , The Register has learned .
The Beeb applied the update to its online video catch - up service on 18 February , just four days after Adobe Systems penned a corporate blog post about its “ content protection offerings ” .
The tweak means that free RTMP plugins offered by the likes of the XBMC community — whose code is based on the GNU General Public Licence v2 — can no longer stream iPlayer content .
The latest iteration of XBMC ’s plugin was created in May last year and was being used by UK viewers to play TV and radio catch - up content from the BBC ’s iPlayer service .
El Reg asked the BBC to explain why it had implemented the change without first advising its UK licence fee - paying users of iPlayer that plugins such as XBMC would no longer have access to the service .
“ Since launch in 2007 , BBC iPlayer has always used content protection in order to provide UK audiences with the most compelling content .
We periodically review the level of security to protect BBC programmes , brands and trademarks , ” it said in a statement .
However , it did n’t explain to us why Auntie had decided to put a block on open source RTMP plugins now .
XBMC developer ‘ frosty ’ noted the Corporation ’s change of heart on the XBMC community forum on 20 February .
BBC ’s content delivery network have turned on ‘ SWF Verification ’ which is not implemented by XBMC .
It probably ca n’t be added safely , as it is can be considered a ‘ copyright protection ’ mechanism , and so covered by the DMCA ( in America ) .
Macromedia [ owned by Adobe ] have sent lawyers after other stream - ripper software that implemented SWF Verification .
The clue is in a debug log .
Ping type 26 is a verification request : Code : RTMP_LIB ::CRTMP::HandlePing , received : ping , type : 26 .
As XBMC does not respond , the server closes the connection .
Reg reader Tom Rouse , who alerted us to the SWF verification tweak to the iPlayer , wondered if the BBC was simply satisfying the demands of Adobe ’s content licence desires .
“ It would seem that this move is likely [ to ] impact users of platforms not supported by Flash , with an unsatisfactory implementation ( e.g. too resource intensive for the platform , with video tearing , etc. ) , or those who just wish to use an open source player , ” he said .
“ Ironically , third - party utilities that download files ( which presumably the verification is there to prevent ) still work fine .
It is possible that this move will actually increase the occurrence of downloading files which will not be time limited , or torrenting of copyrighted material . ”
Meanwhile , Adobe ’s product manager Florian Pestoni pushed out a Valentine ’s Day missive on 14 February that outlined the proprietary software maker ’s “ content protection offerings ” for what he described as a “ key tool that can be used to monetise premium video online . ”
The firm ’s Flash Media Server has a number of content protection features that includes support for the contentious SWF verification that effectively locks down the Beeb ’s iPlayer in Flash .
In other words , “ unauthorised ” video player applications will no longer get a look - in .
A desktop version of iPlayer was developed in conjunction with Adobe and written in the company ’s AIR technology .
The BBC finally made that version available to UK users in December 2008 , in part to appease Linux and Mac fans who had waited 18 months to get their hands on , what was until that point , a Microsoft Windows - only playpen .
Now , it seems , the BBC has once again picked a fight with openistas by closing the door on freely developed RTMP plugins for the iPlayer , and in so doing has forced users to download Flash if they wish to view and listen to the Beeb ’s telly and radio shows .
Whether the BBC will back down and allow the XBMC plugin to stream iPlayer on non-Flash systems remains to be seen , however .
Presumably that depends on where its relationship stands with Adobe as well as of course its viewers and listeners . ®
A spokesman for Mr. Karzai , Waheed Omar , could not be reached for comment on Sunday .
In a speech in Kandahar on Sunday , Mr. Karzai promised local tribal elders that coalition military operations planned for the area this summer would not proceed without their approval .
“ I know you are worried about this operation , ” he said , adding : “ There will be no operation until you are happy . ”
Image In Kandahar on Sunday , Afghanistan 's president , Hamid Karzai , addressed tribal elders ' concerns about a planned offensive .
Credit ... Pool Photo by Golnar Motevalli
Given his tone in the last few days , it was unclear whether he was literally extending the elders veto power over the offensive , or merely trying to quell their fears and bring them on board .
Interviews with diplomats , Afghan analysts and ordinary Afghans suggest that the United States and other Western countries have three options : threaten to withdraw troops or actually withdraw them ; use diplomacy , which so far has had little result ; and find ways to expand citizen participation in the government , which now has hardly any elected positions at the provincial and district levels .
Threatening to withdraw , which Stephen Biddle , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , called the “ nuclear deterrent ” option , would put the United States and other Western countries in the position of potentially having to make good on the promise , risking their strategic interest in a stable Afghanistan .
Few experts think the country would remain peaceful without a significant foreign force here .
Moreover , withdrawal could open the way for the country to again become a terrorist haven .
Some Western critics of Mr. Karzai believe that the West has no choice but to threaten to leave .
“ There is no point in having troops in a mission that cannot be accomplished , ” said Peter W. Galbraith , former United Nations deputy special representative for Afghanistan , who was dismissed after a dispute with his superiors over how to handle widespread electoral fraud and what senior U.N. officials later said was his advocacy of Mr. Karzai 's removal .
“ The mission might be important , but if it ca n’t be achieved , there is no point in sending these troops into battle .
Part of the problem is that counterinsurgency requires a credible local partner . ”
Arctic Ice Continued Growth in March 2010
Global temperatures this winter on average were up for 2009 - 2010 but the March Arctic Ice Growth was perhaps unprecedented and much of Northern Asia , Northern Europe and parts of the United States had exceedingly harsh winters while Canada and Greenland were exceedingly warm .
In February , the North Pole Arctic
Ice extent appeared to have continued a trend of slow growth from the 2006 lowest recorded maximum ice extent .
Back in 2004 , there were several reports concerning undersea volcanic activity that could account for warming Arctic ocean temperatures , but these reports were not widely brought to the public view by the media .
Nevertheless , since the low maximum in March 2006 which followed the lowest Arctic Ice Extent minimum ever recorded in 2005 .
Then in 2007 , a new record low minimum Arctic Sea Ice extent was observed .
This led to trumpeting in the media that 2008 could result in an ice free Arctic .
If I recall , when I reviewed these media reports , I found that the headline did not match the rhetoric .
A few scientists had said that there was a 1 in 4 chance of that happening , which is hardly a prediction that it would occur .
Not only did that headline prove to be false , but the 2008 Arctic Sea Ice minimum was greater than the previous year .
I noted that , instead of saying that it had grown , the headline from the National Snow and Ice Data Center was that it was the “ second lowest ” of all time .
The headline was true but they chose the negative presentation over the positive depiction which may speak volumes .
In my mind , headlines should be absent of adjectives that may create bias perceptions one way or the other .
Since those days of gloom and doom , the reports have consistently come forth with the reference point always being the lowest .
I ” m not sure if I have ever seen a sentence that simply says the ice is growing .
In March 2010 , the NSIDC reported that the Arctic Ice Extent in February “ continued to track below average ” and near those dismal levels of 2007 .
But , the numbers were slightly higher and at the end of the month , there was a slight rise that was not noted in the text .
Later , we find that the February Arctic Ice Extent was the “ fourth lowest February extent ” which means it was higher than 2005 , 2006 and 2007 but was lower than 2008 and 2009 .
As it turns out , something happened .
As the month of March rolled on , that little rise at the end of February that was seemingly dismissed continued on through March such that the March ice extent almost reached the 1979 - 2000 average that is used as a baseline .
I do not recall the ice extent of any month coming close to that level in recent memory .
I suppose qualitative adjectives only apply for negative news because the April 6 , 2010 NSIDC Arctic Sea Ice Extent report used a more balanced headline than it had in previous reports of low ice .
Instead it simply says , “ Cold snap causes late - season spurt growth . ”
The text of the report does not point out but , this is the 3rd consecutive March to be well above the long term trend line .
This should bring good news of cheer , I would think .
Just 2 years ago , the media was writing about Santa Claus floating away and now we see a huge growth in the ice extent and the latest date of the maximum extent since monitoring began .
Nevertheless , I find very little of a positive nature in the report and I think that is the correct approach .
It is good to be cautious in a humble silent admission that we do not have a full understanding of how the earth ’s climate operates .
Just report the facts .
But , in the past , there has been a decided negative tilt .
Even in this report , there is talk of how the long term trend is still down and that the overall temperatures were still above average for the Arctic were above average , but it does note that the temperatures in Northern Europe and Siberia were below average .
It probably would have been more accurate to say they were “ well below average , ” yet again , they seem to pick and choose when to use qualifying adjectives .
If you look at the seasonal temperature map to the right , you notice that all of Siberia was at least 5 degrees C below average and that the rest of Northern Europe was between 3 - 5 degrees C below average .
That represents an enormous land mass .
Now , Canada was some 3 - 4 degrees warmer but much of the United States was 2 - 4 degrees colder .
Air temperatures over the ocean were generally warmer than average but not to the extent of the land anomalies .
For some reason , we had a long wave pattern that gave persistent cold to large land areas in the Northern hemisphere with a somewhat smaller land area covered by warmer temperatures .
Overall , the global temperatures were warmer .
If you look at the map , you notice that almost the entire Southern Hemisphere was warmer during the peiriod , which is largely ocean areas .
The exception is the oceans surrounding Antarctica .
What ’s up with that ?
And that last question is the real truth because no one knows .
Yes , the long term trend of Arctic Ice extent is negative but there seems to be a trend over the past 3 - 4 years of growth that bucks the trend .
This rapid expansion of ice in March did not fit the storyline except that it was the third consecutive year that the March Ice Extent was well above the long term trend line .
And what ’s up with the land masses being so cold and the air over the oceans not playing along ?
Just a coincidence or is there something at play ?
And what about the undersea volcanoes ?
Do they play any role at all or are they just red herrings ?
And why was the Southern Hemisphere so warm this summer except for the areas around the South Pole ?
No one wants to address the fact that the Antarctic did not want to go along with the warming script when the global temperature is taken for the time frame .
I know that I will be given a label for raising any questions which always puts up a red flag to me when legitimate questions are not seriously since they do n’t fit a perconceived notion .
I think that the proper position to take here is not one way or another .
It is wrong for people to say that there is no climate change .
Most evidence suggests that there is .
It is not clear if the change though is anthropogenic or natural so it is equally as wrong to pretend like we have all of the answers .
Throughout history , man seems to learn lessons .
After the devastating 30 years war in Europe , mankind seemed to at least temporarily find that diplomacy was a far better way to settle disputes than armed conflict .
Obviously , that lesson has been lost .
But one lesson that man does not seem to learn is humility ; a recognition that he currently has limited ability to reach conclusions about anything concerning the wonders of his own planet .
Constantly , what is thought to be fact is tossed on the ash heep of history when something comes along to confound that supposed fact .
Yet , we continue to behave as if we have all of the answers and persecute those who suggest otherwise .
Weather Bottom Line :
After pontificating about the need for humility , I follow up with a forecast .
Nice timing .
But , duty calls .
The National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center appears to be taking the more cautious position that I advocated yesterday regarding severe weather prospects in our area .
The slight risk area was expanded on Tuesday both north and south as well as farther east to the extent that it now encompasses the Louisville Metro Area .
This allows for the potential for storms that should develop to our west to hold together in the evening hours and move into our region .
We had temperatures in the mid to upper 80 ’s on Tuesday … but there is one fly in the ointment .. that is the dewpoints .
Tuesday afternoon we were only in the mid 40 ’s regarding dewpoints and we ’ll have to do better than that to support some good storms around here .
Surface Dewpoints Tuesday afternoon were over 60 from Southwestern Illinois down through the Bootheel of Missouri and and down south from there .
I would speculate that we will probably see an increase in our moisture content such that it will be marginally sufficient to suppor t’storms and possibly strong storms .
Bottom Line is that Wednesday afternoon and evening will be something to keep an eye on around here .
Not a slam dunk and perhaps not even likely , but there will be a possibility of some action .. most likely if we did it would be gusty winds and small hail .
We get some CAPE in here late in the day and some sheer and Helicity … enough for conern but not enough to go bananas over either .
Pin Share 0 Shares
This is a guest post by Mike Collins .
Check out his blog at SavingMoneyToday.net and discover many more tips for saving money and dealing with debt .
Do you ever get sick of coming home and seeing the same old rooms day after day ?
Wish you could redecorate your home but think you ca n’t afford it ?
Well think again .
There are many easy ways to redecorate your home even if you ’re on a tight budget .
Let ’s brainstorm a few ideas …
It costs nothing to rearrange the furniture you already have .
Simply moving things around a little can create a whole new look and it wo n’t even cost you a dime .
And before you decide to ditch your old furniture altogether , try adding some slipcovers and throw pillows to make it look like something new .
Painting is another inexpensive way to update your home .
Most do it yourselfers can handle painting by themselves as long as the walls and ceilings are in good shape , and spackling and sanding can be mastered with a little practice .
Trust me , I ’ve done a ton of painting over the last few years and it has saved me thousands of dollars that would have gone to a professional .
Try replacing your boring old lighting fixtures with something new .
Installing a new ceiling fan or chandelier will cost you several hundred dollars if you have an electrician do it .
Or if you ’re handy and feel comfortable doing it yourself you ’ll only have to pay the price of the new fixture .
If you ’re feeling brave , a new floor will really give your place a new look .
It may take some elbow grease , but most do it yourselfers can install hard wood floors or vinyl tiles themselves .
When we bought our house the kitchen floor was an ugly white tile that was all scuffed and looked just rotten .
Every day my wife told me how much she hated it because no matter how much she scrubbed it always looked dirty .
So with my buddy ’s help we put down new vinyl kitchen tile ourselves .
It took the better part of a day but it looks fantastic and we only had to pay for the materials .
Of course if that sounds like too much work for you , you can always start out with smaller projects .
Try installing new switch plates or changing the handles on your kitchen cabinets .
Hang new curtains in the window .
Pick up some new candles or a painting at a yard sale .
Even small changes such as these can have a huge impact .
Pin Share 0 Shares
If you 're like me , now that we 're in the week that federal income taxes are due , you are finally starting to collect your records and prepare for the ordeal .
Either way , whether you are a procrastinator like me , or have already finished and know how much you have paid to the government , it is a good time to stop and consider how much of your money goes to pay for our bloated and largely useless and pointless military .
The budget for the 2011 fiscal year , which has to be voted by Congress by this Oct. 1 , looks to be about $ 3 trillion , not counting the funds collected for Social Security ( since the Vietnam War , the government has included the Social Security Trust Fund in the budget as a way to make the cost of America 's imperial military adventures seem smaller in comparison to the total cost of government ) .
Meanwhile , the military share of the budget works out to about $ 1.6 trillion .
That figure includes the Pentagon budget request of $ 708 billion , plus an estimated $ 200 billion in supplemental funding , called " overseas contingency funding " in euphemistic White House - speak ) , to fund the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , some $ 40 billion or more in " black box " intelligence agency funding , $ 94 billion in non-DOD military spending , $ 100 billion in veterans benefits and health care spending , and $ 400 billion in interest on debt raised to pay for prior wars and the standing military .
The 2011 military budget , by the way , is the largest in history , not just in actual dollars , but in inflation adjusted dollars , exceeding even the spending in World War II , when the nation was on an all - out military footing .
Military spending in all its myriad forms works out to represent 53.3 % of total US federal spending .
It 's also a budget that is rising at a faster pace than any other part of the budget ( with the possible exception of bailing out crooked Wall Street financial firms and their managers ) .
For the past decade , and continuing under the present administration , military budgets have been rising at a 9 % annual clip , making health care inflation look tiny by comparison .
US military spending is n't just half of the US budget .
It is also half of the entire global spending on war and weaponry .
In 2009 , according to the venerable War Resisters League , US military spending accounted for 47 % of all money spent globally on war , weapons and military preparedness .
What makes that staggering figure particularly ridiculous is that America 's allies -- countries like France , Britain , Germany , Italy , and Japan -- account for another 21 % of the world 's military spending .
Fully 12 of the top - spenders among big military - spending nations are either allies of the US , or are friendly countries like Brazil and India .
That is to say , America and its friends and allies account for more than two - thirds of all military spending worldwide .
China , in contrast , probably the closest thing to a real " threat " to American interests because of America 's treaty commitments to the island nation of Taiwan , and China 's claim that it is a part of the PRC , spends only some $ 130 billion on its military , much of which is actually devoted to maintaining military control of the country 's own 1.3 billion people , some of whom might prefer to be independent , or to be freer .
The next biggest military spender , Russia , spends less than $ 80 billion a year on its decrepit military , and is n't even technically an enemy of the US anymore .
Its military is largely busy keeping restive regions from spinning off from the mother country , anyhow .
Meanwhile Iran , which the White House and Congress are portraying as America 's arch enemy despite its not having invaded another country in hundreds of years , is n't even on the list of the top 17 military big -spenders .
Iran 's current military budget is a teensy $ 4.8 billion , about the same as the estimated $ 5 billion spent on the military by North Korea -- America 's other " major enemy . "
Each of those country 's military budgets is about one - quarter of the military budget of Australia , or a third of the military budget of the Netherlands .
Just to give one an idea of how small $ 4.8 billion is in comparison to the $ 1.6 trillion that the US is spending each year on war and planning for war , that number is roughly what the Pentagon plans to spend over the next year on childcare and youth programs , morale and recreation programs and commissaries on its bases !
It 's about what the Pentagon will spend acquiring replacement Seahawk , Chinook and Blackhawk helicopters this year .
For the average American , what all this means is that of every dollar you send to the IRS , 53 cents will be going to pay for blowing stuff up , fattening the wallets of colonels admirals and generals , bloating the portfolios of investors in military industries , and of course funding the bonuses paid to executives of those companies , and the campaign chests and expense accounts of the members of Congress who vote for these outlandish budgets .
Your money will also be going to pay for the salaries and the bullets of those brave heroes over in Afghanistan who are executing kids , killing pregnant women ( and then digging out the bullets and claiming they were stabbed by their families ) , and for the anti-personnel weapons that are creating legions of legless Afghani kids .
Next time you hear that the government needs to cut funds for providing medical care to the children of laid - off workers , or that supplemental unemployment funds are running out , next time you hear that federal funds that are needed to fund extra teachers at your school are being cut , or that Social Security benefits need to be cut back , or the retirement age needs to be increased to 70 , next time you hear that your local post office has to be shut down for lack of funds , next time you hear that Medicare benefits need to be reduced , think about that 53 % of your tax payment that is going to finance the most enormous war machine the world has ever known .
And ask yourself :
Is this really necessary ?
Is this really where I want my money going ?
( CNN ) -- Rep. John Murtha of Pennsylvania , a longtime fixture on the House subcommittee that oversees Pentagon spending , died after complications from gallbladder surgery , according to his office .
He was 77 .
The Democratic congressman recently underwent scheduled laparoscopic surgery at National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , to remove his gallbladder .
The procedure was " routine minimally invasive surgery , " but doctors " hit his intestines , " a source close to the late congressman told CNN .
Murtha was initially hospitalized in December and had to postpone a hearing with Defense Secretary Robert Gates on the administration 's strategy in Afghanistan .
The congressman returned to work after a few days in the hospital and helped oversee final passage of the 2010 defense appropriations bill .
The National Naval Medical Center issued a statement saying Murtha was admitted January 28 for surgery , but declined to reveal additional details , citing his family 's request for privacy and federal privacy laws .
In a written statement , Ray Mabus , secretary of the Navy , and Adm. Gary Roughead , chief of naval operations , expressed sympathy and condolences .
Murtha had a " tough - as - nails reputation " and a " passion for service , " President Obama said in a written statement .
He was " a steadfast advocate for the people of Pennsylvania " and " a respected voice on issues of national security , " Obama said .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a longtime ally of Murtha's , said in a statement that he always put " the troops and their families first . "
Murtha was " incredibly effective in his service in the House , " said Wisconsin Rep .
David Obey , chairman of the Appropriations Committee .
" Every person who serves in the military has lost an advocate and a good friend . "
Murtha " will be missed , " said House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio .
" The House of Representatives has lost one of its own . "
Murtha had represented Pennsylvania 's 12th Congressional District since 1974 , making him the chamber 's eighth most senior member .
According to his biography on the House of Representatives Web site , Murtha was the first Vietnam War combat veteran elected to Congress .
He was considered one of " the kings of pork " on Capitol Hill by taxpayer watchdog groups for requesting tens of millions of dollars in earmarks .
On his House Web site , Murtha strongly defended earmarks , saying , " I believe that elected representatives of the people understand their constituents and districts best . "
Supporters said his efforts helped bring thousands of jobs to western Pennsylvania .
Other controversies dogged Murtha 's career .
Critics alleged that he steered Pentagon contracts to businesses that hired his brother as a lobbyist , but Murtha insisted that his brother was treated like everyone else .
Murtha also turned up in the FBI 's Abscam investigation in 1980 when undercover agents offered bribes to several members of Congress .
Murtha was videotaped turning down a bribe , saying he was n't interested " at this point . "
He was not charged .
Murtha came under fire during the 2008 election campaign for saying that part of his state was a " racist area " where constituents would not vote for Obama because he was black .
He later apologized and said , " While we cannot deny that race is a factor in this election , I believe we 've been able to look beyond race these past few months . "
Murtha won 58 percent of the vote in 2008 , his last re-election ; Republican presidential candidate Sen.
John McCain won the district by less than 1,000 votes .
Murtha , a former Marine , also earned a reputation as one of Congress 's loudest anti-war voices .
He initially supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq , but he stunned much of Washington when he called for a swift U.S. pullout in November 2005 , saying , " U.S. and coalition troops have done all they can .
...
It 's time for a change in direction . "
In 2006 , Murtha seemed on track to become the House Majority leader , but he lost to Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland .
Murtha said he was subject to " swift boat - style attacks " on his ethics record , blasting critics who raised concerns about " unfounded allegations that occurred 26 years ago . "
Born June 17 , 1932 , in West Virginia , Murtha moved with his family to Pennsylvania as a child .
Before joining the House , he was in the Pennsylvania state Legislature .
He also served 37 years in the Marines and Marine Corps Reserves .
He retired from the Reserves in 1990 and received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal .
Murtha attended Washington and Jefferson College , but dropped out in 1952 to enlist in the Marines .
He later graduated from the University of Pittsburgh .
He is survived by his wife , Joyce , and three children .
CNN 's Kristi Keck , Elizabeth Cohen , Sabriya Rice and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
Your lawn mower ( or your landscaper guy ’s lawn mower ) is SO five minutes ago .
Even the Sacramento area has caught on to the greener ways of cutting the green .
In Rocklin last week , a major road was shut down to make way for the “ Running of the Goats ” .
View entire news story on CBS13 aka CW31
If I heard correctly , two thousand goats barreled down Park Drive to their next job mowing lawns , giving Barcelona a “ run ” for their money .
And thanks to RE of Entrepod for telling me about this news story in my own city .
What !
Like I ’m up at 7 am to catch this stuff .
And In Other Landscaping News …
Here ’s Buster from The Goat Patrol operating in “ The Triangle ” , wherever THAT is .
It might be in or near Raleigh , North Carolina , because of my mad research skillz revealing a phone number with an area code of 919 .
Got Grass ?
image source : The Goat Patrol
via Lisa of Oh My Word !
And if it ’s cool enough for Google , it ’s cool enough for you .
The Big G has also taken to hiring ruminants for their annual lawn mowing .
The new 4G : Google Goats Grazing on Grass
image source : The Official Google blog
And then there ’s the good people of Andover who have discovered that goats are cheaper than heavy equipment for maintaining public meadows .
Especially when the goats do n’t charge to eat your grass .
You know , like when banks do n’t charge you to keep your money .
And where is Andover ?
I have no idea , but I ’m going to say Massachusetts because this story came from Boston.com , ( via Mike of Mike ’s Mixed Memories ) and I think Boston is in Massachussetts , although I ’m not swearing to it .
This is Blackie , a Saanen goat in Andover .
I know , I can see that Blackie is white , what of it ?
I wonder if golf courses are hiring these four - legged landscapers .
And if they are , do they attach some sort of measuring stick slash muzzle contraption on the goats ’ faces that stops them one inch from the ground to attain the perfect putting green ?
Is n’t this just the greatest idea ?
The whole using goats for landscaping thing ?
I defy you to find a cranky old man who would yell , “ Get off my lawn ! ” at these guys .
To subscribe to Capitol Fax , click here .
*** UPDATED x1 *** Blagojevich hurls allegations at Obama in bid to force testimony Thursday , Apr 22 , 2010 * Rod Blagojevich ’s attorneys filed a motion today to subpoena President Obama to testify at the former governor ’s trial …
“ President Obama has direct knowledge to allegations made in the indictment .
In addition , President Obama ’s public statements contradict other witness statements , specifically those made by labor union official and Senate Candidate B , ” the motion said .
The motion is here .
Several parts are redacted , but you can easily copy and paste the entire motion into a text file and view all the redacted material .
Oops on somebody ’s part . *
All of the most explosive allegations in the motion were redacted .
Blagojevich ’s lawyers allege that Tony Rezko admitted to violating the law by personally contributing “ a large sum of cash ” to a public official ’s campaign , which the Blagojevich people say is Obama .
The lawyers claim that Obama may not have been telling the truth when he said Rezko never relayed a request from a lobbyist to hold a fundraiser for Obama in exchange for favorable legislative action ( Obama , however , refused to agree to the offer , Rezko allegedly says ) .
They also claim that Obama allegedly lied when he said he did n’t have any conversations with Rezko about a casino license …
In a recent in camera proceeding , the government tendered a three paragraph letter indicating that Rezko “ has stated in interviews with the government that he engaged in election law violations by personally contributing a large sum of cash to the campaign of a public official who is not Rod Blagojevich . …
Further , the public official denies being aware of cash contributions to his campaign by Rezko or others and denies having conversations with Rezko related to cash contributions .
Rezko has also stated in interviews with the government that he believed he transmitted a quid pro quo offer from a lobbyist to the public official , whereby the lobbyist would hold a fundraiser for the official in exchange for favorable official action , but that the public official rejected the offer .
The public official denies any such conversation .
In addition , Rezko has stated to the government that he and the public official had certain conversations about gaming legislation and administration , which the public official denies having had .
President Obama is the only one who can testify as to the veracity of Mr. Rezko ’s allegations above .
A redacted footnote offers further explanation …
The defense has a good faith belief that this public official is Barack Obama .
As its proof , the Blagojevich people reference a 2006 Sun-Times story …
Senator Barack Obama was asked : “ Did Rezko or his companies ever solicit your support on any matter involving state or federal government ?
Did Al Johnson , who was trying to get a casino license along with Tony Rezko , or Rezko himself ever discuss casino matters with you ? ”
Senator Obama answered : “ No , I have never been asked to do anything to advance his business interest .
In 1999 , when I was a State Senator , I opposed legislation to bring a casino to Rosemont and allow casino gambling at docked riverboats which news reports said Al Johnson and Tony Rezko were interested in being part of .
I never discussed a casino license with either of them .
I was a vocal opponent of the legislation . ” *
The rest of the redacted stuff mostly involves claims by the Blagojevich team that Barack Obama was not totally truthful during FBI questioning .
“ Senate Candidate B ” is Valerie Jarrett , who is now one of three senior advisers to the president …
9 . Yet , despite President Obama stating that no representatives of his had any part of any deals , labor union president told the FBI and the United States Attorneys that he
spoke to labor union official on November 3 , 2008 who received a phone message from Obama that evening .
After labor union official listened to the message labor union official told labor union president “ I ’m the one ” .
Labor union president took that to mean that labor union official was to be the one to deliver the message on behalf of Obama that Senate Candidate B was his pick .
10 . Labor union official told the FBI and the United States Attorneys “ Obama expressed his belief that [ Senate Candidate B ] would be a good Senator for the people of Illinois and would be a candidate who could win re-election .
[ Labor union official ] advised Obama that [ labor union official ] would reach out to Governor Blagojevich and advocate for [ Senate Candidate B ] .. . . [ Labor union official ] called [ labor union president ] and told [ labor union president ] that Obama was aware that [ labor union official ] would be reaching out to Blagojevich . ”
( Labor union official 302 , February 3 , 2009 p. 3 ) .
11 .
According to Senate Candidate B , on November , 4 2008 , Senate Candidate B spoke with labor union official about the Senate seat .
Labor union official said he spoke to Obama .
Labor union official said he was going to meet with Blagojevich and said “ he was going to push Blagojevich hard on this .
*
There is also an allegation of an attempted quid pro quo on the Jarrett Senate appointment …
Supporter of Presidential Candidate Obama is mentioned in a phone call on November 3 , 2008 , having offered “ fundraising ” in exchange for Senate Candidate B for senator ( Blagojevich Home Phone Call # 149 ) .
… Adding … Obama allegedly shot down former Senate President Emil Jones ’ name when it was floated by the Blagojevich team as a possible Senate appointment .
And Rahm Emanuel floated Cheryle Jackson ’s name …
President ’s Chief of Staff told the FBI that he had a conversation discussing the Senate seat with Obama on December 7 , 2008 in Obama ’s car .
President ’s Chief of Staff told the FBI “ Obama expressed concern about Senate Candidate D being appointed as Senator .
“ [ President ’s Chief of Staff ] suggested they might need an expanded list to possibly include names of African Americans that came out of the business world .
[ President ’s Chief of Staff ] thought he suggested Senate Candidate E who was the head of the Urban League and with President ’s Chief of Staff ’s suggestion . ”
*** UPDATE ***
The New York Times has n’t figured out that the redactions can be seen …
Judging from what can be seen of the motion , which is full of blacked - out sentences and words ( to comply with rules about sealed information ) , Mr. Blagojevich ’s lawyers are hoping the president himself will point up contradictions in the prosecution case and testify about whether he had sent “ emissaries ” to Mr. Blagojevich with regard to who the White House would prefer fill the Senate seat .
- Posted by Rich Miller
89 Comments Sorry , comments for this post are now closed .
The story of Timbuktu and its legacy of ancient manuscripts , proof that reading and writing books have been as important to Africans as to Europeans .
Aminatta Forna tells the story of legendary Timbuktu and its long - hidden legacy of hundreds of thousands of ancient manuscripts .
With its university founded around the same time as Oxford , Timbuktu is proof that the reading and writing of books have long been as important to Africans as they are to Europeans .
National Zoo announces leopard cubs ' birth
By Washington Post editors
Clouded leopard cub born at the National Zoo's Front Royal , Va. , site on Valentine 's Day .
( Photo by Mehgan Murphy / Smithsonian National Zoo )
National Zoo officials announced today that two clouded leopard cubs were born at their campus in Front Royal , Va. , on Valentine 's Day .
Jao Chu ( JOW - chew ) , a three - and - a - half - year - old clouded leopard , gave birth to the first cub at 6:04 p.m. and the second cub at 6:20 p.m .
At birth , the two cubs weighed in at a little more than half a pound each .
Officials said they are not certain about the sex of the cubs .
This is the third time Jao Chu and the cubs ’ father , Hannibal , also three - and - a - half - years - old , have produced offspring .
On March 24 , 2009 , Jao Chu gave birth to two males — Sa Ming ( SAH - meeng ) , “ brave warrior , ” and Ta Moon ( TAH - moon ) , “ mischievous child . ”
Nearly four months later , on July 9 , she gave birth to a female cub , Baylie ( BAY - lee ) .
This most recent births are especially welcome because breeding of clouded leopards is challenging in part because male clouded leopards are particularly aggressive and have sometimes been known to attack their mates .
Cub mortality is high because female leopards sometimes eat their offspring .
Clouded leopards are listed as “ vulnerable to extinction ” due to hunting and deforestation .
National Zoo scientist Jo Gayle Howard and colleagues have worked with clouded leopards in Front Royal since 1978 .
In the past 30 years , more than 76 clouded leopards have been born there .
Little is known about clouded leopards , which are natives of Southeast Asia and parts of China .
They live in habitats ranging from dense tropical evergreen forest to drier forests .
Adult leopards weigh 30 to 50 pounds and measure about five feet in length .
A long tail accounts for almost half the length .
Their tails and large paws help them balance on small branches .
They are about the size of a medium - weight dog .
You can see the cubs on the zoo 's clouded leopard cam .
Also , check out our gallery of clouded leopard cubs born at the facility last March .
2010
02
18
14
36
By Washington Post editors | February 18 , 2010 ; 2:36 PM ET
Save & Share : Previous : Counselor dead at Pr. George 's youth facility
Next : Metro officials unveil artwork for two stations
Posted by : blackforestcherry | February 18 , 2010 3:36 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : nan_lynn | February 18 , 2010 3:44 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : timidguy | February 18 , 2010 5:28 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : ozpunk | February 18 , 2010 6:12 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : dorawest | February 18 , 2010 6:31 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : frantaylor | February 18 , 2010 6:38 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : taishan1 | February 18 , 2010 7:39 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : cawobeth | February 18 , 2010 10:43 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : waterfrontproperty | February 19 , 2010 12:00 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : Nymous | February 19 , 2010 5:58 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : creamy | February 19 , 2010 6:31 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : blackforestcherry | February 19 , 2010 8:02 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : ms1234 | February 19 , 2010 10:49 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Section406 | February 19 , 2010 12:21 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : taishan1 | February 19 , 2010 1:19 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : matrox | February 20 , 2010 1:40 PM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
We may , just may , be on the brink of a revolution which blows apart the way our politics has been done for decades .
It will be a very British sort of revolution : bloodless , a bit ironic , decades in the making , very slow to get going .
At its spearhead will be a most unlikely revolutionary , a quite conventional man who dresses in a grey suit and a canary tie .
Nicholas William Peter Clegg is a banker 's son who went to public school – " elite Westminster School " as the tabloids like to have it .
Contemporaries remember the young Nick as a rather well - behaved and swottish teenager .
He was an EU trade negotiator and an adviser to a Tory commissioner in Brussels who assumed his young aide would become a Conservative MP .
He was also employed for a while by a lobbying company – not a line on the Clegg CV which Lib Dems would like you to dwell on .
His charming wife , Miriam , a lawyer , is the daughter of a Spanish senator .
His most incendiary youthful act was to set fire to a German professor 's prized collection of rare cacti – and it now appears that tale of juvenile misdemeanour may have been embellished in the telling .
He claimed for a new kitchen on his expenses .
And for a cake pan , a detail which David Cameron thought so killer that the Tory even jibed about it in the second leaders ' debate .
All of that has now been brought to the voters ' attention along with the buckets of muck that have been chucked at him by a desperate right - wing press angry that Nick Clegg has become popular without their permission .
None of it appears to have done any harm to the accidental revolutionary .
As one senior Tory puts it , not without envy , Nick Clegg has put himself at the head of a revolt against the old politics by successfully turning into " Jimmy Stewart in Mr Smith Goes to Washington " .
Behind the strained rictuses of Tory and Labour politicians , both parties are numb with shock that the rise of the Lib Dems has shattered all their assumptions , not just about this campaign but about how British politics is supposed to work .
Both are frantically trying to contain their internal recriminations in the hope that the other side will be the first to start falling apart in public .
The best that now looks possible for the Tories is to form a minority government with a vote share so poor that it will not provide a proper mandate .
The very , very best would be a tiny Tory majority .
Much darker scenarios haunt senior Conservatives .
It is quite plausible that they could find themselves in opposition again and , worse , facing a Labour - Lib coalition that introduces proportional representation .
David Cameron continues to inveigh against a hung parliament , but it is telling that he did not rule out forming a coalition with the Lib Dems – a possibility he would have laughed at a month ago – when he was interviewed for the Observer by myself and political editor Toby Helm yesterday morning .
Nor , when we asked him several times about electoral reform , did the Tory leader say " never " to agreeing to a fairer voting system if that were the price of admission to Number 10 .
Many Conservatives fear that a Lab - Lib deal on PR could exclude them from power forever .
It would certainly mean that it is almost impossible to envisage how they could ever again form a government on their own .
Labour , too , contemplates the highly serious possibility that Gordon Brown could be the last Labour prime minister ever to enjoy the absolute power of a one - party parliamentary majority .
The level of threat to Labour is potentially even more existential than that .
More opinion polls , published this morning , confirm that Labour is trailing in third place .
Labour people were initially so delighted to see the damage done to the Tories by the Lib - Dem surge that they appeared blind to the threat to themselves , almost as if they did n't mind losing so long as the Conservatives were losing too .
Even Michael
Foot managed to come second in Labour 's nadir year of 1983 .
Some members of the cabinet are no longer in denial about the possibility that their zombie - like campaign is trudging towards a cataclysmic outcome : third place in the popular vote , a result which would have what one minister calls " incalculably bad " consequences for Labour .
That would be an outcome truly deserving of the appellation " historic " .
It would reverse the supplanting of the Liberals by Labour in the early 20th century as the principal progressive party .
When the Lib Dems first began to break through , the other two scoffed that Cleggphoria was a swoon , a holiday romance , a moment of madness by the voters that would soon pass when they came back to their senses and fell back into the arms of the big , old boys .
When the Lib Dem surge persisted , they expected to turn back the tide at the second debate .
Both Gordon Brown and David Cameron upped their tactical game as well as the aggression level towards both the Lib Dem and each other .
But the strategic imperative for both of them was to find a way to wrench the wheels off the Cleggwagon and in that they failed .
The explosive transformation of this election is likened to a volcanic eruption .
The point about volcanoes is that they do n't blow by accident .
An eruption is the product of pressures that have been swelling below the surface for years , decades , even centuries .
This eruption against the Labour - Tory duopoly has been building over 65 years .
At the general election of 1945 , only an eccentric minority of voters did not identify with either red or blue .
Under 5 % of voters supported a different party .
At the last election , nearly a third of voters backed parties that were neither Labour nor Tory .
Labour was returned to power on the most grudging basis possible with the support of barely one in five of the total electorate .
Britain ceased to be a two - party country a long time ago .
It is only the straitjacket imposed by first past the post , an arcane and increasingly capricious voting system , that has masked this trend and stifled the emergence of a new way of doing politics more suited to the desires of the country .
The parliamentary expenses scandal and the economic bust brought to a head a much longer trend of alienation .
The shared mistake of the increasingly unpopular duopolists was to carry on assuming that power would continue to alternate between the two of them .
Labour has had a death - bed conversion to a minimalist version of electoral reform when it could have and should have embraced change from a position of strength in its first term .
The Tories went into this election believing that they could secure unfettered power on a minority of the vote simply by repeating that Gordon Brown is rubbish .
They believed that fairly minimal modernisation of themselves combined with simplistic slogans about change would restore them to their previous pomp .
They took it for granted that David Cameron just had to turn up at the TV debates to win them .
These encounters between the leaders have crystallised something that was already apparent before the election had begun : the Tories never clinched it with the country .
David Cameron sounds persuasive to those who are already basically persuaded that they are going to vote Conservative .
He struggles to net the unconverted .
In fact , since the campaign began , he has lost more floating voters than he has gained .
The Tories are paying for coming to this election with a sense of entitlement to power .
Labour , too , was arrogantly complacent , odd though that may seem when we are talking about a party with a very unpopular leader who has presided over the worst recession since 1945 .
Most of Labour 's senior ranks expected to lose , but they still assumed that they were entitled to ownership of progressive Britain and could demand its votes for Labour if only on the uninspiring grounds that this would limit the size of a Tory victory .
Gordon Brown has found it hard to conceal his bewilderment that he is having to debate with a Lib Dem , never mind that the Lib Dem should be pushing him into third place .
The Conservatives , for all the superficial modernity of their marketing , are staging an essentially traditional form of gridded campaign and finding , just like their friends in the Tory press , that the old playbooks no longer work .
The opinion polls gyrate from day to day , but one message from them is clear and consistent .
At some collective , unconscious level , the nation has decided that it does not trust either Labour or the Tories to clean up politics if one of them is allowed to govern alone .
Nor does it trust either of them to take sole responsibility for the economy , taxation and public services .
I 'd be a liar if I claimed to be able to forecast the outcome of this sensationally uncertain election .
That very unpredictability is perhaps the point : the country thirsts for a much more fundamental change than simply another transfer of single party despotism from blue to red or red to blue .
• More election comment from Cif at the polls
The locomotory activity ( restlessness ) of migratory birds can be recorded quantitatively in environment - controlled chambers .
Such cages are equipped with movable perches , which are coupled to micro-switches .
Image : Max Planck Institute for Ornithology
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The results of genetic studies on migratory birds substantiate the theory that in the case of a continued global warming , and within only a few generations , migratory birds will - subject to strong selection and microevolution - at first begin to fly shorter distances and at a later stage , stop migrating , and will thus become so - called " residents " .
In a selection experiment with blackcaps from southwest Germany , Francisco Pulido and Peter Berthold at the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology in Radolfzell were able to show that first non-migratory birds are to be found in a completely migratory bird population after only two generations of directional selection for lower migratory activity .
The strong evolutionary reduction in migration distance found in this study is in line with the expected adaptive changes in bird migration in response to environmental alterations caused by climatic change .
( Proceedings of the National Academy of Science , PNAS , April 5 , 2010 )
For generations , humans have been watching flocks of migrating birds flying to their winter quarters in the autumn , and awaiting their loud songs announcing their happy return in the spring .
The timing of their migration is adjusted to the availability of resources , such as food and habitats , in the stopover areas as well as in the non-breeding and breeding areas .
For migratory birds it is essential to be in the right place at the right time .
For some years , it has been possible to demonstrate using data collected in the wild that some species of migratory birds respond to the increase in temperature and to the subsequent changes in the environment .
The blackcap is one of the species where changes in migratory behaviour have been most consistent .
Today , blackcaps return to their breeding sites earlier , lay their eggs earlier , and leave us later in the autumn .
One population even established a new wintering area in the British Isles , instead of flying all the way to Spain .
Because of its large genetic variation , the researchers expected rapid adaptation to altered environmental conditions in this species , which is a model for investigating the evolution of bird migration .
The scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology wanted to find out what the mechanisms were for adjusting to global warming , whether there were measurable changes in migratory behaviour within a period with a strong temperature increase , and whether these changes , above all the reduced migratory distance , were an individual adjustment to altered environmental conditions , or whether the genetic composition of the populations would change .
A blackcap displaying symptoms of migratory restlessness , a kind of " migrating while perching " .
Since these animals are nocturnal migrants they are filmed under infrared light .
Image : Max Planck Institute for Ornithology
During the period 1988 - 2001 , which were years with particularly high temperatures , blackcap nestlings were taken from their nests each year ( 757 birds in total ) and reared by hand in the lab .
The seasonal changes in light - dark transition were simulated and the migratory restlessness of the inexperienced young birds was measured in autumn .
The duration of their restless behaviour during the night , i.e. the fluttering and hopping along the perch corresponded approximately to the duration of the flight to their winter quarters .
The birds that were taken from their natural habitat during these 14 years showed a significant reduction in their migratory activity .
In their natural habitat this would be equivalent to a shortening of flying distance .
This reduction , as the researchers were able to prove , was based on a change in the genetic composition of the population , i.e. evolution .
In a second experiment , the scientists simulated the selection process they had observed in nature in the laboratory , but in " time lapse " .
The birds with the least migratory activity and their offspring were paired over four generations .
In order to avoid inbreeding , the researchers paired 50 % of this line with birds in their natural habitat that showed a particularly weak migratory restlessness .
After two generations , the first " resident " birds were already to be found in this population .
Hence , directional selection for lower migratory activity leads to the evolution of partial migratory populations and , finally , to populations that do not leave their breeding areas at all .
The advantages for the birds are obvious :
The shortening of migration distance saves energy and time .
Moreover , because shorter days , as experienced in more northern wintering areas , induce an advancement of migratory activity and reproduction , birds migrating shorter distances will occupy the best breeding territories and may produce multiple broods in a year .
" We assume that the reduction in migration distance is the first and most significant evolutionary mechanism that migratory birds have for adapting to changed climatic conditions , " explains Francisco Pulido .
" For birds that migrate short to average distances of approximately 1,000 km , and in which migratory behaviour is genetically determined , as is the case with most songbirds , this can be a successful strategy for survival .
However , for long - distance migrants , for which successful migration will depend on overcoming ecological barriers such as desert or sea , this mechanism of adaptation cannot work , as a reduction of migration distance would mean spending the winter in a hostile environment , in which they can not not survive . "
Explore further Urbanization favors sedentary males
More information : Francisco Pulido and Peter Berthold , Current selection for lower migratory activity will drive the evolution of residency in a migratory bird population , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , published on April 5 , 2010 .
Francisco Pulido and Peter Berthold , Current selection for lower migratory activity will drive the evolution of residency in a migratory bird population , , published on April 5 , 2010 .
doi:10.1073/pnas.0910361107
Through our design services division FitnessDesignGroup , we integrate the exercise principles of functional fitness with the technical and aesthetic fundamentals of interior design .
We manage the complexities involved in creating safe and progressive activity spaces , both interior and exterior .
We avoid costly development and operational pitfalls in areas including : electrical and data integration , floor covering , and entertainment specification .
AFP Functional Design Specialists provide expertise in conceptual planning , project execution , and accommodation of end user ’s preferences .
Our design process delivers tailored and highly differentiated solutions built to support any investment in health and wellness .
SAN FRANCISCO – From all around the Bay Area and beyond they came , a thousand strong – union members proudly displaying their banners , community organizations from neighborhoods wracked by foreclosures and unemployment , faith leaders , housing and racial justice activists .
As they marched through the financial district to Wells Fargo headquarters where shareholders were meeting April 27 , they bore a coffin topped with flowers and emblazoned with the legends , “ 8 million jobs , ” “ 5 million homes , ” symbolizing the financial crisis ’ devastating impact on working people .
“ Shine a light on corporate greed – working families have mouths to feed ! ” they chanted , and “ Working families have a right to know – hey big banks , where ’s our dough ? ”
“ I ’m standing with my neighbors , my brothers and sisters , who are jobless and have lost their homes , ” retired Pacific Gas and Electric Co. worker Maria Elena Buitron said as she accompanied the coffin .
“ Every day , people are driven down until they have nothing ! ”
Her outrage was shared by Brenda Blannon , marching with Contra Costa County ’s Interfaith Supporting Community Organization .
“ The banks are cheating us left and right , ” she said .
“ They overcharge us for our checking accounts and then they mess them up and make us late with payments .
Someone needs to bring them up short ! ”
During a brief halt in front of a Chase branch , a marcher suddenly climbed onto a cement planter that held a tree , hoisting his young daughter up to join him .
Recounting “ six months of pain and suffering ” at the hands of Chase , Jose Vega asked , “ Is anyone familiar with them losing documents , and asking for the same things over and over ? ” “ Yes ! ” roared the crowd .
After Sen. Dianne Feinstein filed a complaint on his behalf , Vega thought he was on the road to resolving his problem .
But just as the bank was again requesting more documents , it suddenly foreclosed on his home .
“ Chase is as guilty as all the big banks ! ” Vega declared , as his listeners cheered and applauded .
“ This is criminal and it needs to stop ! ”
Once at Wells Fargo , marchers settled in behind barricades across the street from the bank ’s headquarters , warding off the spring rain and wind with bright red plastic ponchos supplied by the California Nurses Association .
Speakers regaled the crowd with facts : Wells Fargo was among the nation ’s biggest subprime lenders , and as California ’s third largest mortgage lender in 2008 , it was three times more likely to deny loans to neighborhoods of color than to mostly white neighborhoods in Oakland and San Diego .
Wells Fargo is also one of the big players in the payday loan industry , not only providing credit to the biggest payday lenders but making such loans through its own ATMs , at 240 percent annual interest .
Meanwhile a delegation brought the demonstrators ’ demands into the shareholders ’ meeting : stop predatory and discriminatory lending , keep families in their homes , help rebuild neighborhoods , invest in communities – including helping to generate jobs – and stop fighting federal financial reform .
They returned to report the shareholders largely seemed indifferent , going about their business in spite of people losing homes and jobs .
One delegation member electrified the crowd with calls to “ move our money , as a group , create a no - banking zone and start with Wells Fargo ! ”
As rain and wind picked up , demonstrators left with the words of California Labor Federation head Art Pulaski ringing in their ears : “ This is just the beginning of the fight to stop the excesses of Wells Fargo , the Big Banks and Wall Street ! ”
The April 27 march was among a number of actions this week at big banks around the country , leading up to an April 29 march on Wall St. by an anticipated 10,000 union and community activists .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has described as " pretty off " a video of a Tourism Australia campaign which involves a kangaroo being kept in a cage on a busy Los Angeles street .
The YouTube video recorded by Kylie Mackenzie , who is a New Zealander working in the US , shows a large kangaroo swaying side to side in the cage .
Ms Mackenzie says on her YouTube page that she is " not affiliated with any activist groups " .
" I am just someone who works in Beverly Hills and had to walk past this atrocity two days in a row , " she said .
The kangaroo was being displayed on the street as part of a January G'Day USA marketing campaign .
Mr Rudd today told a Perth radio station he had not seen the footage .
" My first reaction is it sounds pretty off to me , " he said .
It sounds really off , but I 'm waiting for some further details on this in terms of what 's actually gone on here . "
Conservationist Bob Irwin has condemned Tourism Australia over the treatment of the kangaroo .
While leaving hospital in Brisbane following what he described as a " major heart attack " at his home near Kingaroy on Sunday night , Mr Irwin released a statement taking Tourism Australia to task .
" I 'm shocked and disgusted on seeing the footage of a caged kangaroo on the street of Los Angeles this morning , " he said .
" It is a terrible image for Australia to send to the world , seeing a magnificent kangaroo treated in such a cruel way .
" Where the bloody hell is the Government ?
I trust the Government will also take Tourism Australia to task on their poor judgment . "
But Tourism Australia says the kangaroo was being looked after by professional Los Angeles animal handlers and was treated well while it was on display .
" Any accusation ... we take it very seriously if it's been poorly treated , " Tourism Australia managing director Andrew McEvoy told Macquarie Radio .
- ABC / AAP /AFP
The US government is going broke .
An item in The New York Times tells us that for the first time in its history , this year the Social Security program is turning cashflow negative .
Social Security “ surpluses ” were the source of the Clinton administration ’s claim to have been running a balanced budget .
Well , it was balanced … if you counted the excess Social Security contributions .
But now the Social Security system is running in the red , just like everything else .
And now the government is in charge of our health too .
We were considering putting down our drink and going out for a little fresh air this afternoon .
But then we realized that the feds have taken charge of our health .
We do n’t have to worry about it anymore .
Let the feds worry about it .
So we got out another bottle of wine .
The US government was already more than $ 50 trillion in the hole before passage of the health care bill .
That ’s net of assets .
The biggest hole in history .
And now the health care program will dig the US in a little deeper …or maybe a lot deeper .
No one seems to know exactly what is in the 2,400 - page law .
Whatever it is will surely cost money .
And it will surely cost more and more money as time goes by .
But it ’s a nice spring day … so we ’re going to think positive .
Surely , the debt will increase .
But if it ever gets to be too much , well , the country can just change course , right ?
That is , suppose we get into Greece ’s pointy shoes ?
What ’s the big deal ?
We can always lop off a social program or cut off a war , ca n ’t we ?
Well , yes Pilgrim … but maybe not .
Let ’s imagine that the US budget goes to $ 5 trillion … and $ 2 trillion is borrowed ( not too far from the facts ) .
And let ’s imagine that interest rates go to half their peak in the late ’ 70s .
Well , you can do the math yourself .
But what it means is that the feds could n’t cut expenses fast enough to keep up with the interest payments .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
One day after the Goldman hearings , we were left with the warm and fuzzy impression that the whole Goldman farce was for nothing , and that everything the firm had been doing for the past 5 years was perfectly legitimate .
The prop trading abuse , the discount window generosity , the endless abundance of flow and prop inventory commingling , the endless client rape ...
All these allegations must have been for naught .
Which is why we were thoroughly disappointed when our sense of sudden enlightenment that we may have been wrong all along about Goldman , vanished promptly and without a trace once we had a chance to read the 2007 self - evaluation of Goldman Managing Director Michael Swenson .
The line penned by Michael , who incidentally was the least like of the three Goldman SPG MDs testifying on Tuesday based on peer feedback , that broke our collective heart is the following : " Once the stress in the mortgage market started filtering into the cash market , I spent numerous hours on conference calls with clients discussing valuation methodologies for GS issued transactions in the subprime and second lien space [ redacted ] is prime example ) .
I said " no " to clients who demanded that GS should " support the GSAMP " program as clients tried to gain leverage over us .
Those were unpopular decisions but they saved the firm hundreds of millions of dollars . "
Alas , we find that all of Goldman 's sincere hypocritical lies before the Senate committee were ... precisely just that .
As a refresher , the GSAMP , that Goldman was expected to support after demands by clients , refers to the Goldman Sachs Alternative Mortgage Product , or structured products such as the GSAMP 2006 - S3 pictured below , which were originated by the firm in 2006 , and which were largely wiped out by early 2007 .
See chart below ( from Forbes ) :
So this is the GSAMP ( in principle ) that clients were asking for Goldman to support , incidentally at a time when Goldman was actively betting against it , and whose request denials were subsequently seen by Swenson as a boasting bullet that should be included in his self evaluation when demanding tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars in 2007 bonus .
But lets re-read Swenson 's words again :
Once the stress in the mortgage market started filtering into the cash market , I spent numerous hours on conference calls with clients discussing valuation methodologies for GS issued transactions in the subprime and second lien space .
I said " no " to clients who demanded that GS should " support the GSAMP " program as clients tried to gain leverage over us .
Those were unpopular decisions but they saved the firm hundreds of millions of dollars . "
It is hilarious that Goldman would " spend countless hours " with clients to convince them of the Goldman trade only after the stops had been hit and Goldman was actively trying to cover shorts , i.e. , when the stress in the mortgage market was plainly visible for all to see .
Maybe Goldman should have spent just one hour with its clients when it itself decided to go short in the first place , instead of using its clients as spitoons for its toxic , HR Giger based saliva .
What is far more deplorable , is that Swenson admits that not only did the firm deny its client requests , but that these decisions lost the firm client credibility ( although they saved Goldman " hundreds of millions " ) .
And now you know why Lloyd Blankfein 's statement that " the client always comes first " for Goldman is also merely anopther lie .
But we all knew that .
What deserves greater scrutiny is the question why Goldman thought it could get away with antagonizing clients in its pursuit for the almighty dollar ?
The answer is simple - Goldman knew then , just as it knows now , that it is a market monopoly , and that no matter how pissed off its clients get , they have no other options : Goldman has the biggest flow ( which implicitly become prop ) axes in the world , and the greatest " patzy " rolodex in the world .
Well , after the implosion of every European bank , that rolodex was cut in half .
But at least all the mutual and pension funds , not to mention momos , still remain , and are currently buying the market on the way up , just as Goldman keeps on hitting every new high bid .
Yet the core premise remains : Goldman is a monopoly and the firm realizes this all too well .
But maybe not for long .
Very soon Zero Hedge will present our own proposal for regulatory reform , specifically as pertains to prop trading , which may hopefuilly make the lives of the incumbent market monopolist Goldman Sachs , for whom the client always comes last , just a tad more difficult .
Full peer - reviews of the 3 Goldman MD and Fab Tourre ( Swenson is the second of the four ) .
This project page in other languages : català · Deutsch · English · français · ქართული .
español · македонски · русский · português ·
Robert “ Rob ” Lavinsky , PhD ( view his biography on minrec.org ) donated his complete picture database on mindat.org , as well as all his pictures from his own homepage irocks.com ( collected in several galleries respectively alphabetically sorted by mineral name ) .
Technical part [ edit ]
The pictures on mindat have been uploaded to Commons in two batches
by the robot RKBot , they have been categorized and mineral names and localities have been translated to German .
The pictures are in Category : Images by Rob Lavinsky
To do [ edit ]
Your help is needed to
translate the remaining descriptions
More pictures needed ?
[ edit ]
The Arkenstone ( www.iRocks.com) is happy to work with people who need mineral images for a variety of projects .
Please contact The Arkenstone directly at info@iRocks.com with photo requests as this page is not monitored on a regular basis .
Image list [ edit ]
The image list is obsolete now , since the comparison with the irocks.com images will be done by the bot .
More recent images can be found on Dr. Rob Lavinsky 's website , iRocks.com .
Duplicate images and bad names [ edit ]
These exist , and are being collected at
See this discussion .
Thanks , PDTillman ( talk ) 20:47 , 11 June 2010 ( UTC )
I should perhaps begin with a clarificatory point about the title of this paper .
I am not concerned here with Anne Conway and ' the ' Monadology , referring to a particular well - known work of 1714 by G. W. Leibniz .
Nor am I concerned , exactly , with Conway 's monadology .
Rather , I am concerned with the position she occupies , as a transmitter and developer of the idea that unity and being are identical , that to be is to be one , and that anything that is composite must therefore be metaphysically grounded in unities .
It might be somewhat non-traditional to include this final point about composition in a list of the typical aims of monadology .
But monadology does not deny composite entities .
Rather it explains them in terms of unity , or , to use Leibniz 's well - known phrase , in terms of " diversity compensated by identity . " [ 1 ]
There are multiple currents flowing into this idea , perhaps the most influential among them being certain interpretations of the Neoplatonic tradition .
Another important current is what is often called Christianized kabbalism , and more generally the Hebraizing tendency in 17th - century philosophy , particularly in Germany .
The influence of this tradition on Leibniz has been studied in detail in a series of important works by Allison Coudert , and most notably her 1995 book , Leibniz and the Kabbalah . [ 2 ]
Coudert positions her own view against that of Carolyn Merchant , who in a 1979 article [ 3 ] argued that Anne Conway was the principal transmitter of the concept of monad to Leibniz , while for her part Coudert considers that the most important source of the concept , and of the ensemble of kabbalistic ideas that go along with it , was the man Matthew Arnold would immortalize as ' the Scholar Gipsy ' in an 1853 poem of that name : the alchemist , occultist , and all - around man of mystery , Francis Mercury van Helmont .
The hunt for the sources of Leibniz 's core ideas , and the debate over whether they can be traced to Conway or not , has somewhat overshadowed the study of the development of Conway 's own thought .
It would be an understatement to observe that the kabbalist background to Conway has not been given adequate attention .
In fact , in some instances it has been positively suppressed .
In his abridged edition of Conway 's posthumously published 1690 work , the Principles of the Most Ancient and Modern Philosophy , [ 4 ] for example , Jonathan Bennett simply edits out all the references to kabbalah , or at least all that he believes he can edit out without obviously distorting or destroying Conway 's arguments .
But this is in truth an impossible task , for the Principles , taken at face value , could rightly be described as a commentary on Christian Knorr von Rosenroth 's Kabbala denudata , a massive pastiche of a work published in two separate volumes , the first in 1677 in Sulzbach , and the second in Frankfurt in 1684 .
[ 5 ]
But if serious scholarship has preferred to ignore Knorr von Rosenroth 's contributions to the history of philosophy , the principal consequence of this negligence has been to embolden unserious scholars , spirit - seers as Kant would have called them , to consider it as their own text .
To this day the most common English edition of The Kabbalah Unveiled is published by the Theosophical Society in an English translation by S. L. MacGregor Mathers , the founder in 1891 of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn . [ 6 ]
He was preceded in his enthusiasm for Knorr von Rosenroth by the prominent 19th - century French adept of black magic , Éliphas Lévi . [ 7 ]
I am not proposing to take it back today , not exactly , though I am proposing that Conway was , herself , taken in by it , like it or not , just as Lévi and the theosophists were , and through Conway some of the core features of what we know as ' monadology ' found their way to Leibniz .
In this paper I would in particular like to consider why it is that Conway adopts certain views that will later be associated with Leibniz 's theory of monads .
I will take it for granted that this theory holds not only that being is unity , but also that there is unity in diversity .
The former aspect of monadology is generally emphasized in what is anachronistically called the ' idealist ' interpretation of Leibniz , while the latter aspect has pride of place in ' realist ' renderings of his philosophy .
To say that Leibniz is a ' realist ' in this sense is to say that he is committed to a ' metaphysics of corporeal substance ' .
I have said as much in several other places , and have also provided arguments in those places that I will not repeat here .
[ 8 ]
What I will argue here is that , while the doctrine of the equivalence of being and unity has a plainly Platonic - Pythagorean pedigree , the theory of corporeal substance -- which is again , not an alternative to the monadology , but rather a dimension of it -- may be traced in large part to authors associated with both Jewish and Christian kabbalism .
It is this dimension of monadology that seems more plainly present in Conway , who may in turn have served as one of the sources for Leibniz 's mature model of corporeal substance .
But what , to begin , is kabbalah ?
The short answer to this difficult question is that it is the tradition based on a supposed esoteric revelation that accompanied the exoteric revelation given by God to Moses . [ 9 ]
The tradition has its roots as early as late antiquity , with the Sefir Yezirah or Book of Formation written sometime between the third and the sixth centuries .
The Zohar or Book of Splendor would be composed in the 13th century , but would be commonly attributed to ancient authors .
Kabbalism as a tradition entered its modern phase in the 16th century , with the work of Isaac Luria , an Ashkenazi Jew born in Jerusalem in 1534 .
The Lurianic Kabbalah , principally an interpretation of the Zohar , offered a philosophical , if cryptic , account of the creation of the world , of the personae of God , of the nature of man , of the reincarnation and immortality of the soul , among other , often heretical doctrines .
It was via Luria that kabbalah made its entry into Christian thought in the following century .
Luria incorporated elements of Gnosticism , particularly the view that each soul is a sort of spark or flame and that its embodiment is the result of imprisonment or exile .
He was also , as Coudert emphasises , what might be called an ' animist ' .
" There was nothing dead and devoid of soul in the Lurianic universe , " she explains , " Souls were in everything , including stones . " [ 10 ]
The Christian appropriation of kabbalah has a history as intricate and multifaceted as kabbalah 's Jewish origins .
In part it resulted from a rise in millenarianism in both Judaism and Christianity in the century that saw tremendous sectarian violence in Western Europe as well as a shifting role , in Southeastern Europe and in the Levant , for Ottoman power .
Thus the self - proclaimed messiah from Smyrna , Sabbatai Zevi both learned kabbalah from Lurianic sources , and took an interest in radical Protestant millenarian movements as far away as England . [ 11 ]
And in fact this hybridism worked in both directions , with radical Protestant sects , most notably the Quakers ( soon to be joined by both Conway and van Helmont ) seeing Hebrew learning and Jewish theology as properly among the core concerns of a new , distinctly modern and consciously philosophical articulation of Christian faith . [ 12 ]
Kabbalism was but one element of a broader Hebraizing tendency in 17th - century erudite circles , which variously saw Hebrew as the ideal language in its proximity to the original Adamic one ( now lost ) , or saw it as the basis of an emerging discipline of Orientalist philology that would ground scriptural study in rigorous historical fact .
Christian Hebraizers were not necessarily philo - Semites .
Many took a broadly typological approach to Jewish textual traditions , interpreting events of the Hebrew Bible as prefigurations of the Gospels .
The prophetic powers of Old Testament personages also offered a way of incorporating pagan philosophers into the widened circle of Christianity .
Thus in his Conjectura cabbalistica of 1653 Henry More declares that " it is generally acknowledged by Christians , that [ Pythagoras and Plato ] both had their philosophy from Moses . [ 13 ]
More is fairly uninterested in Hebrew learning ; he wrote his ' Cabbala ' precisely as a conjecture , and seems to have done so mostly under pressure from Conway .
For him kabbalah is nothing other than an interpretation given to ' the first chapters of Genesis ' .
More thus has his own kabbalah simply as a result of the application of his hermeneutic abilities to the text , but this is acknowledged to be something different from ' the Jewish Cabbala ' , which is " conceived to be a Traditional Doctrine or Exposition of the Pentateuch which Moses received from the mouth of God . "
It may in part have been More 's casual kabbalism that drove his closest intellectual peer , Anne Conway , to seek a deeper knowledge of it through a deepened association with van Helmont the younger , who would be invited to live in her home at Ragley Hall from 1671 until her death in 1679 . [ 14 ]
In a 1667 text entitled Short Sketch of the True Natural Alphabet of the Sacred Language , [ 15 ] the Flemish author acknowledges Henry More 's ' philosophical and moral Cabbala ' based on an interpretation of the first three books of Moses .
One could stop with such an approach , he observes , if " the entire nature of all things did not at once signal to me and desire of for me her own sake to make it known that no other language in the world agrees with it so exactly as this one [ biblical Hebrew ] . "
Nothing shows this better , van Helmont adds , " than the example of our first father Adam , in giving the names to all the animals . " [ 16 ]
More 's interest in kabbalah is eclectic and fleeting , a bit sloppy , while van Helmont 's is that of a passionate adept .
Leibniz for his part would later synthesise the two of these , by bringing to bear the same rigorous eclecticism we are familiar with from so many of his areas of interest .
Leibniz meets van Helmont for the first time in 1671 , who in turn introduces him to Knorr von Rosenroth .
A quarter century later and many years after Conway 's death , Leibniz will spend significant time with van Helmont , in March and April , 1696 , when the latter visits Hanover and discusses philosophy " with Leibniz and the Electress every morning at nine o'clock . " [ 17 ]
On Coudert 's view , van Helmont had come to Hanover enthused by an idea he was calling by the name of ' monads ' , which were something like the primordial seeds of things .
But , she claims , " Helmont 's monadology remained little more than a ' metaphysical poem ' ; and it was Leibnitz 's ambition to solve its many inherent contradictions . " [ 18 ]
The general perception among Leibniz scholars has been that the philosopher took over the concept of monad -- perhaps from a reading of Conway 's work , perhaps from conversation with van Helmont -- without much regard for the more obscure or mystical dimensions of the cocncept 's origins .
Louis - Alexandre Foucher de Careil expresses this view clearly when he writes that kabbalah " was only an object of curiosity for [ Leibniz ] , like many other imaginary curiosities of his time or of past centuries ...
This energetic thinker reduced all these doctrines to his own system , he only took what agreed with his own thought . " [ 19 ]
Coudert , as we have seen , argues that the influence of kabbalah on Leibniz is in fact significant , coming principally from his consultations with van Helmont at Hanover .
Merchant , by contrast , " sees van Helmont 's friend and patroness , Lady Anne Conway , as the real source of inspiration ...
[ S ] he argues that Leibniz derived the term monad not from van Helmont but from reading Anne Conway 's one published book , The Principles . " [ 20 ]
The excluded possibility that Coudert does not seem to recognise here is that she and Merchant may both be partially correct : Leibniz may have been influenced by kabbalah , but may have got all he needed of it from Conway 's book .
After all , again , the Principles , unabridged , might well be described as a commentary on Knorr von Rosenroth 's Kabbala denudata .
Leibniz describes both Conway and van Helmont in a telling fashion in the New Essays concerning Human Understanding of 1704 .
He is not speaking explicitly of kabbalah , but rather of the doctrine of pananimism , which he supports but would like to see transformed into a rational and rigorous doctrine , and which , as we have seen and will see again , has at least partially a kabbalist pedigree .
It is necessary , Leibniz writes , " to explain rationally those who have lodged life and perception in all things , as Cardan , Campanella , and better than they , the late Countess of Connaway , a Platonist , and our friend , the late Francis Mercury van Helmont ( although elsewhere bristling with unintelligible paradoxes ) , with his friend the late Mr. Henry More . " [ 21 ]
Thus Conway gets pride of place among Leibniz 's contemporaries as a defender of the pananimist doctrine ; van Helmont deserves mention too , but also a slight reproach ; Henry More , meanwhile , tags along .
Elsewhere , in a letter to Thomas Burnett of 1697 , Leibniz miantains that his own philosophical views " approach somewhat closely those of the late Countess of Conway , " in view of the fact that they " hold a middle position between Plato and Democritus , because I hold that all things take place mechanically as Democritus and Descartes contend against the views of Henry More and his followers , and hold too , nevertheless , that everything takes place according to a living principle and according to final causes -- all things are full of life and consciousness , contrary to the views of the Atomists . " [ 22 ]
Leibniz does not explicitly address kabbalah in either of these passages .
But could his invocation of the view that there is life and perception in all things itself be an implicit acknowledgement of a broad debt to dimensions of kabbalistic thought as propounded by Conway ?
The Kabbala denudata is referenced in seven of the nine chapters of Conway 's treatise .
It is cited as the authoritative source for the first sentence of the first chapter , that " God is a spirit , Light , and Life , infinitely Wise , Good , Just , Mighty , Omniscient , Omnipresent , Omnipotent , Creator and Maker of all things , visible and invisible . " [ 23 ]
After this opening claim , Conway 's reliance on Knorr von Rosenroth , as the principal source of authority for her own claims , does not let up .
One thing worth noting here is that Conway did not need to cite a kabbalist source for a very general claim such as this one , which is something we might just as easily find in the Divine Names tradition , or in any number of other Christian authors .
This gratuitous invocation of the Kabbala denudata strongly suggests that Conway 's straightforward purpose in the Principles is to signal her affiliation with Christian kabbalism , not as an eclectic borrower from this tradition among others ( as , say , Leibniz would be ) , but as a partisan .
Many other of Conway 's references to the Kabbala denudata in fact concern features of that work that are distinct and specific to kabbalistic thought .
These are often flagged by a contrast between what is generally held , and what ' the Hebrews ' by contrast think , usually with at least an implicit affirmation of the latter .
Thus in the Eighth Annotation to Chapter 1 she introduces the special ' Hebrew ' understanding of ' person ' , which she holds does " not mean a singular Suppositum , but a Conception only , or kind of Representation , or Method of Consideration . " [ 24 ]
This philosophical understanding of ' person ' reflects the broad view , whose genealogy Carlos Fraenkel has recently traced from the time of the Church Fathers through Spinoza , that Jesus Christ may be thought of as a person without necessarily being a human person , and may be assimilated to the all - pervading logos or reason of the perceptible world . [ 25 ]
Conway for her part adopts the Christianized kabbalist view that the Adam Kadmon or ' primordial man ' of the Hebrews is identical to Christ .
" This Son of God , " she writes in Chapter 2 ,
“ the First Begotten of all Creatures , to wit , this Heavenly Adam , and Great Priest , as the Jewish Doctors call him , is properly a Medium between God and the Creatures .
And that there is such a Middle Being , is as demonstrable as that there is a God ; where is meant such a Being , which in its own Nature is indeed less than God , and yet greater and more excellent than all other Creatures ; whence also for his Excellency he is properly called the Son of God . ... [ T ] his Son of God ... is called by the Jews , Adam Kadmon . ” [ 26 ]
It is this rationalisation of Christ , and the supposed basis of this move in Jewish tradition , that undergirds Conway 's commitment to toleration , her view that ' Jews and Turks ' have access to the same divine truths as do Christians , even if it is Christianity that gives these truths their clearest articulation .
It would not be mistaken to discern here a common spirit with Leibniz , who seems to have believed that there are no real disagreements , but only different manners of formulating commitment to the same truths : resolution of conflicts is really only ever disambiguation of terms .
Yet it would be difficult to account in this way for the difference between Leibniz and Conway in their respective accounts of the concept of monad .
Conway mentions monads only once in her treatise , and , when she does , what she has in mind are ' Physical Monades ' , which is to say what results from the physical division of things into their least parts . [ 27 ]
Yet nothing can be more certain than that , for Leibniz , there are no least parts of things .
There are only primordial elements from which things result , not in the way that houses result from bricks , but somewhat more in the way that illumination results from a flame .
This difference speaks strongly in favor of Coudert 's view , then , against Merchant , that Leibniz does not borrow the term directly from Conway , but presumably instead from his 9:00 AM philosophical dialogues with van Helmont at Hanover .
If Leibniz had first encountered the term ' monad ' in Conway 's rendering of it , he would have rejected it outright .
Yet , again , we might do better to look for the roots of Conway 's monadology not in her use of the term ' monad ' , but rather in that other dimension of the theory as we have come to know it in Leibniz 's philosophy : the manner in which unity grounds diversity .
In Chapter 7 of the Principles Conway writes that " the Body , sc. of a Man or Beast , is nothing else but an innumerable multitude of Bodies , compacted together in to one , and disposed into a certain order . "
This composite nature of the body is in turn reflected at the level of spirit : “ the Spirit of a Man , or Beast , ” she writes , “ is a certain innumerable multitude of Spirits united together in the said Body , which have their Order and Government so , that there is one Captain , or Chief Governor , another a Lieutenant , and another hath a certain kind of Government under him , and so through the whole , as it is wont to be in an Army of Soldiers . ”
The figure of the army ( or , alternatively , the flock ) is of course Leibniz 's preferred metaphor for describing the true nature of the animal body .
But Conway supplements this fairly obvious comparison by a significant biblical reference , in this case to the New Testament : a man or beast is multiple , just as " the Devil which possessed the Man was called Legion , because there were many of them ; so that every Man ; yea , every Creature , consists of many Spirits and Bodies . "
This is a reference to Christ 's exorcism of the demons , most familiar from Mark 5:1 - 13 , where he sends them out of the body of a Gerasene man and into a flock of pigs , which then rush away , jump in a lake , and drown .
Much could be said about the demonological and anthropological significance of the composite devil 's response to Christ 's question , " Who are you ? "
To reply , " Legion , for we are many , " is at once to play with grammar , to move jauntily from the first - person singular to the plural , and is also , perhaps , to suggest that in ancient Near Eastern cultures the internal experience of multiplicity was seen as pathological and experienced as a form of demonic possession .
But it was also a way of expressing the demon's ( or demons ' ) power : Legio was a common term for a Roman military formation .
One way of understanding the metaphysics of composite substance , as eventually adopted by Leibniz , is that being ' legion ' is simply the normal condition of beings , and that it is in virtue of this condition that beings derive their active power .
Conway , as is her habit , supplements the reference to the Gospels with mention of a term used ' by the Hebrews ' , namely , ' Nizzuzoth , or Sparks ' .
Just as the legion of beings constituting a composite may be thought of as soldiers in an army , they may also be thought of as a multitude of sparks all scintillating out of a common flame .
Here Conway cites a component treatise of the Kabbala denudata entitled " Tractatus de revolutionibus animarum " [ " Treatise on the Revolutions of Souls " ] , attributed by Knorr von Rosenroth to ' Jitzchak Lorjensis Germanus ' , i.e. , Isaac Luria , but in fact written by the Syrian kabbalist Hayyim ben Joseph Vital ( 1542-1620 ) .
The author begins by describing the fates of various ' soul sparks ' as a result of different sorts of transgression .
" If indeed [ the spark ] revolves on account of some crime and misdeed , " he writes ,
“ then it is necessary that it should revolve with a certain other concurrent spark and that it should be restituted by that spark .
If indeed the first spark has sinned in doing those things on account of which bodies are wasted and pass away in death , so that no resurrection comes to pass out of death , then this spark , seeing that its body has perished , revolves on its own in a certain second body , which rises again in the resurrection of the dead with all the parts of the spark of the first body : indeed the first body perishes . ”
Next the author goes on to explain that sparks that are in some sort of active relation with one another must arise from a common root [ radix ] :
“ As moreover was explained above , many souls cannot revolve in one body unless they are from a single root .
Now indeed you should know that although all the sparks from this root are able to revolve as one , nevertheless this revolution does not happen at once , but rather the nearer and more similar sparks come together with one another by turns ...
In the species moreover , if this perfect spark is within , it can arise that in it revolve the souls of its root : and according to the proportion of its perfection ...
There are moreover some sparks that are very close to the human , others that are more remote from it ; others surround it from far off ; and others surround the human more closely and clothe it .
And all these things occur according to the works of this human . ” [ 28 ]
A human being is ' clothed ' by scintillating souls , and these are both the reflection of that human being 's action and the phenomenal manifestation of his or her body .
This , again , is the passage of the Kabbala denudata that Conway finds most useful in elucidating her own conception of the nature of composite substance .
Without wishing to hand out laurels or withhold them , it seems that while Conway and Leibniz both find inspiration in the image of nodes of spiritual activity coming together to form a single being , the English philosopher did little to remove this image from the realm of metaphor , while the German made it the central task of his philosophical project to systematically spell out how it is that composite substances are grounded in simple ones , in nodes of perception : which is to say in monads .
Conway draws on kabbalism to imagine multiple souls as coming together in one , but she does little more to ground this view than to make observations on entities and processes given in sensory experience that seem to provide a model for how the metaphysics of composition might work : fire , water , alcohol , and so on .
Nor does she see such composition , like Leibniz soon will , as grounded in monads , since what she thinks of as monads are not really monadic at all : they are , to use Leibniz 's distinction , not really the atoms of substance or metaphysical atoms , but only the least parts of matter , and thus physical atoms in the traditional sense .
The composition of unified composite beings from subordinate individuals beings was at the center of a number of philosophical discussions in the 17th century .
It shows up in political philosophy , for example , in the frontispiece to Hobbes 's Leviathan .
We see it imagined in the proto - science fiction of the era , as in Cyrano de Bergerac 's vision of a composite creature that lives on the surface of the sun , coming together from the swarming of countless small birds , in his Les états et empires du Soleil of 1665 .
In debates about the metaphysics of individual substances , rather than of states or of fantastical creatures , there was considerable resistance to the possibility of several beings yielding up a single one .
Thus in his True Intellectual System of the Universe of 1678 , Ralph Cudworth complains that “ to make every man and animal to be a multitude or commonwealth of percipients , and persons , as it were , clubbing together , is a thing so absurd and ridiculous , that one would wonder the hylozoists should not rather choose to recant that their fundamental error of the life of matter , than endeavour to seek shelter and sanctuary for the same , under such a pretence . ” [ 29 ]
The intense disdain Cudworth expresses here testifies to the endurance of a much stronger default theory throughout the history of philosophy , associated perhaps most commonly , rightly or wrongly , with Aristotle , according to which one body should normally be expected to host no more than one substance .
This might be a deep - seated folk - belief in Western thought , which would explain for example why colony organisms such as siphonophores are so commonly perceived even today to violate some unspoken rule of how nature is supposed to work .
In the 17th century the alternative view seems to have run as a sort of undercurrent , charged with some degree of danger and associated most closely with the tradition of chemical philosophy , as well as with mystical movements such as kabbalah .
Paracelsus imagined that every organ has its own subordinate soul : the heart its cardianax , the stomach its gastrianax , and so on . [ 30 ]
As William R. Newman has shown , a subterranean tradition of ' pluralism ' existed alongside classical ' unitism ' , extending back to Arabic chemical sources , which appealed to subordinate and dominant forms as a way of accounting for the possibility of chemical processes such as the solution and reextraction of silver . [ 31 ]
In these and sundry other cases , things are n't , or are n't only , what they appear to be : they contain multitudes , to speak with the self - contradicting poet , and both are and are not what they are .
In this paper I have attempted to isolate and focus on a particular chapter in the long history of thinking about nested individuals that extends , so to speak , from the Gospel of Mark to Walt Whitman .
In the Bible this condition is represented as the very paradigm of abnormality : demonic possession ; in the poet , it is our shared and universal condition .
Conway and Leibniz stand at a pivotal moment in this history .
Conway , emboldened by her reading of Christianized kabbalistic texts , embraced this pluralism and in so doing rejected a core commitment of mainstream philosophy .
Leibniz , in turn , embraced the same view , and applied his rigor as best he could to make it mainstream .
We still find siphonophores strange , but in the end we know there is no more well - founded metaphysical model of substance to tell us why such creatures should not exist .
Natural beings , as a rule , contain multitudes .
The recognition of this basic fact about the world is something that Conway helped to open up , mediating between the allusive mysticism of the kabbalah and the more systematic philosophical model of composite substance developed by Leibniz .
It is here , in the study of the diversity within unity , that Leibniz 's debt to Conway may be the greatest , rather than in his reception of the idea of the bare monad as an absolutely simple node of perception .
This is a conception of the monad Conway did not have , and so could not share .
Works cited
Stuart Brown , " Leibniz and More 's Cabbalistic Circle , " in Sarah Hutton ( ed. ) , Henry More ( 1614 - 1687 ) , 77-96 .
Anne Conway , Principles of the Most Ancient and Modern Philosophy , Amsterdam and London : M. Brown , 1692 [ 1690 ] .
Allison Coudert , " A Quaker - Kabbalist Controversy : George Fox 's Reaction to Francis Mercury Van Helmont , " Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes 39 ( 1976 ) : 171-189 .
Allison Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah , Dordrecht : Kluwer , 1985 .
Allison Coudert , The Impact of the Kabbalah in the 17th Century : The Life and Thought of Francis Mercury van Helmont , Leiden and Boston : Brill , 1999 .
Louis - Alexandre Foucher de Careil , Leibniz , la philosophie juive et la Cabale .
Trois lectures à l'Académie des sciences morales et politiques , Paris : Auguste Durand , 1861 .
Carlos Fraenkel , Philosophical Religions from Plato to Spinoza : Reason , Religion , and Autonomy , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2012 .
Alan Gabbey , " Anne Conway et Henry More , " Archives de Philosophie 40 ( 1977 ) : 379-404 .
M. B. V. Hellmont [ Francis Mercury van Helmont ] , Kurtzer Entwurff des eigentlichen Natur - Alphabets der heiligen Sprache : Nach dessen Anleitung man auch Taubgebohrne verstehend und redend machen kan , Sulzbach : Abraham Lichtenthaler , 1667 .
Christopher Hill , The World Turned Upside Down : Radical Ideas during the English Revolution , New York : Penguin Books , 1991 .
Sarah Hutton ( ed. ) , Henry More ( 1614 - 1687 ) : Tercentenary Studies , Dordrecht : Kluwer , 1990 .
Sarah Hutton , Anne Conway : A Woman Philosopher , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2004 .
Christian Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata , seu Doctrina hebraeorum transcendentalis et metaphysica atque theologica , Sulzbach and Frankfurt : J. D. Zunneri , vol .
1 , 1677 ; vol. 2 , 1684 .
Christian Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata : The Kaballah Unveiled , S. L. MacGregor Mathers ( ed. and tr. ) , New York : Theosophical Publishing Co. , 1912 .
G. W. Leibniz , Die philosophischen Schriften von Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz , ed. C. I. Gerhardt , Berlin : Weidmannsche Buchhandlung , 1849 - 60 .
G. W. Leibniz , Sämtliche Schriften und Briefe , Berlin : Preussische Akademie der Wissenschaften ( later Berlin - Brandenburger Akademie der Wissenschaften ) : Berlin , 1923 --.
Éliphas Lévi ,
Le livre des splendeurs contenant le soleil judaïque , la gloire chrétienne et l'étoile flamboyante , Paris : Chamuel , 1894 .
Carolyn Merchant , " The Vitalism of Anne Conway : Its Impact on Leibniz 's Concept of the Monad , " Journal of the History of Philosophy 17 , 3 ( July , 1979 ) : 255-269 .
Henry More , Conjectura cabbalistica , Or , A Conjectural Essay of Interpreting the Mind of Moses , According to a Threefold Cabbala : Viz. Literal , Philosophical , Mysitical , or , Divinely Moral , J. Flesher : Cambridge , 1653 .
William R. Newman , Atoms and Alchemy : Chymistry and the Experimental Origins of the Scientific Revolution , Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 2006 .
Richard H. Popkin , " Three English Tellings of the Sabbatai Zevi Story , " Jewish History 8 ( 1994 ) : 43 -54 .
Richard H. Popkin , " The Spiritualistic Cosmologies of Henry More and Anne Conway , " in Sarah Hutton ( ed. ) , Henry More ( 1614 -1687 ) , 97-114 .
Gershom Scholem , Sabbatai Sevi : The Mystical Messiah , tr. R. J. Zwi Werblowsky , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1973 .
Gershom Scholem , Kabbalah , Meridian , 1978 .
Justin E. H. Smith , " ' Spirit Is a Stomach ' : The Iatrochemical Roots of Leibniz 's Theory of Corporeal Substance , " in Gideon Manning ( ed. ) , Matter and Form in Early Modern Science and Philosophy , Brill , 2012 , 203-224 .
Justin E. H. Smith Divine Machines : Leibniz and the Sciences of Life , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2011 .
--
[ 1 ] G. W. Leibniz , Sämtliche Schriften und Briefe , Berlin : Preussische Akademie der Wissenschaften ( later Berlin - Brandenburger Akademie der Wissenschaften ) : Berlin , 1923 -- , Reihe 6 , Band 2 , 283 .
[ 2 ] Allison Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah , Dordrecht : Kluwer , 1995 .
See also Allison Coudert , " A Quaker - Kabbalist Controversy : George Fox 's Reaction to Francis Mercury Van Helmont , " Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes 39 ( 1976 ) : 171-189 ; Allison Coudert , The Impact of the Kabbalah in the 17th Century : The Life and Thought of Francis Mercury van Helmont , Leiden and Boston : Brill , 1999 .
[ 3 ]
See Carolyn Merchant , " The Vitalism of Anne Conway : Its Impact on Leibniz 's Concept of the Monad , " Journal of the History of Philosophy 17 , 3 ( July , 1979 ) : 255-269 .
[ 4 ]
Anne Conway , Principles of the Most Ancient and Modern Philosophy , Amsterdam and London : M. Brown , 1692 [ 1690 ] .
[ 5 ] Christian Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata , seu Doctrina hebraeorum transcendentalis et metaphysica atque theologica , Sulzbach and Frankfurt : J. D. Zunneri , vol .
1 , 1677 ; vol. 2 , 1684 .
[ 6 ] Christian Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata : The Kaballah Unveiled , S. L. MacGregor Mathers ( ed. and tr. ) , New York : Theosophical Publishing Co. , 1912 .
[ 7 ]
Éliphas Lévi ,
Le livre des splendeurs contenant le soleil judaïque , la gloire chrétienne et l'étoile flamboyante , Paris : Chamuel , 1894 .
[ 8 ]
See in particular Justin E. H. Smith Divine Machines : Leibniz and the Sciences of Life , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2011 .
[ 9 ]
See in particular Gershom Scholem , Kabbalah , Meridian , 1978 .
[ 10 ] Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah .
[ 11 ] See Gershom Scholem , Sabbatai Sevi : The Mystical Messiah , tr. R. J. Zwi Werblowsky , Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1973 ; Richard H. Popkin , " Three English Tellings of the Sabbatai Zevi Story , " Jewish History 8 ( 1994 ) : 43 -54 .
[ 12 ]
See Christopher Hill , The World Turned Upside Down : Radical Ideas during the English Revolution , New York : Penguin Books , 1991 .
[ 13 ]
Henry More , Conjectura cabbalistica , Or , A Conjectural Essay of Interpreting the Mind of Moses , According to a Threefold Cabbala : Viz. Literal , Philosophical , Mystical , or , Divinely Moral , J. Flesher : Cambridge , 1653 , Preface , no page numbers .
See also Stuart Brown , " Leibniz and More 's Cabbalistic Circle , " in Sarah Hutton ( ed. ) , Henry More ( 1614 - 1687 ) , 77-96 ; Alan Gabbey , " Anne Conway et Henry More , " Archives de Philosophie 40 ( 1977 ) : 379-404 ; Richard H. Popkin , " The Spiritualistic Cosmologies of Henry More and Anne Conway , " in Sarah Hutton ( ed. ) , Henry More ( 1614 -1687 ) , 97-114 .
[ 14 ]
See Sarah Hutton , Anne Conway : A Woman Philosopher , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2004 .
[ 15 ] F. M. B. V. Hellmont [ Francis Mercury van Helmont ] , Kurtzer Entwurff des eigentlichen Natur - Alphabets der heiligen Sprache : Nach dessen Anleitung man auch Taubgebohrne verstehend und redend machen kan , Sulzbach : Abraham Lichtenthaler , 1667 .
[ 16 ]
Hellmont , Kurtzer Entwurff , no page numbers .
[ 17 ] Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah , 38 , 80 .
[ 18 ] Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah , ..
[ 19 ] Louis - Alexandre Foucher de Careil , Leibniz , la philosophie juive et la Cabale .
Trois lectures à l'Académie des sciences morales et politiques , Paris : Auguste Durand , 1861 .
[ 20 ] Coudert , Leibniz and the Kabbalah , ...
[ 21 ] Leibniz , Nouveaux essais sur l'entendement humain , ...
[ 22 ] G. W. Leibniz , Die philosophischen Schriften von Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz , ed. C. I. Gerhardt , Berlin : Weidmannsche Buchhandlung , 1849 - 60 , vol. 3 , 217 .
[ 23 ]
Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata , " Adumbratio Kabbalae Christianae , " ch. 2 , 6 - 7 .
[ 24 ]
Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata , " Adumbratio Kabbalae Christianae , " ch. 23 .
[ 25 ]
See Carlos Fraenkel , Philosophical Religions from Plato to Spinoza : Reason , Religion , and Autonomy , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2012 .
[ 26 ] Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata I , 1 : 28 , 30 ; 2 : 33 , 37 ; 3 : 31-64 , 37-38 ; Kabbala denudata II , 2 : 244 .
[ 27 ]
Conway , Principles , Chapter 3 , 9 ; Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata I , 2 , 310 .
[ 28 ]
Knorr von Rosenroth , Kabbala denudata , " Tractatus de revolutionibus animarum , " §§ 19 - 24 , pgs. 267-68 .
[ 29 ] Ralph Cudworth , The True Intellectual System of the Universe , London : Thomas Tegg , 1845 [ 1678 ] , vol. 3 , 406 .
[ 30 ] See Justin E. H. Smith , " ' Spirit Is a Stomach ' : The Iatrochemical Roots of Leibniz 's Theory of Corporeal Substance , " in Gideon Manning ( ed. ) , Matter and Form in Early Modern Science and Philosophy , Brill , 2012 , 203-224 .
[ 31 ] William R. Newman , Atoms and Alchemy : Chymistry and the Experimental Origins of the Scientific Revolution , Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 2006 .
Nasty Asian teen in gym suit wet in the shower
3 years ago
8 pics
Exclusive Regulators are considering creating loopholes in the implementation of the Digital Economy Act to allow small , mobile and Wi-Fi ISPs to avoid its copyright enforcement regime .
A suggested threshold system would take into account an ISP 's size and the costs of compliance before imposing the Act 's provisions against unlawful filesharing .
The new law allows ISPs who are not considered large carriers of copyright infringing material to be exempted , and gives Ofcom scope to define the considerations .
A threshold would mean dozens of small fixed - line ISPs would be likely to avoid sending warning letters to customers on behalf of rights holders , as the extra staff required would represent a large cost to them .
Many smaller outfits would also need to purchase new equipment if , as is widely expected , after a year the written warnings have not significantly cut copyright infringement by filesharers and ISPs are required to apply technical measures .
These are likely to include restricting the bandwidth or protocols available to those repeatedly accused of unlawful filesharing .
Similarly , mobile broadband providers would find retrieving customer details to send a warning letter request for music or film industry monitoring teams an expensive task .
They typically serve all their internet users from a tiny pool of shared IP addresses and are not set up to easily discover who was responsible for a connection to a BitTorrent swarm at a particular time .
Claims by digital rights activists during the Act 's passage through Parliament that public Wi -Fi hotspots will be closed down could also be undermined by the threshold .
Since users typically use them for short periods , Wi-Fi ISPs are unlikely to be considered a major source of copyright infringement .
Ofcom is considering the system during a series of hastily - convened meetings with major ISPs and rights holder organisations after the Digital Economy Act became law on 9 April .
The communications regulator is tasked with completing or approving a Code of Practice within eight months , including three months waiting for approval from the European Commission .
The discussions raise the possibility that only the largest consumer ISPs , who dominate the market , would be affected .
Between them , BT , TalkTalk , Virgin Media , Sky , Orange and O2 provide more than 95 per cent of the home broadband connections and filesharing that rights holders plan to target .
Smaller ISPs have not been invited to the meetings , which has prompted some consternation , but also hope that this is a sign that regulators plan to exclude them from the most controversial parts of the Digital Economy Act .
Sources who have been to the meetings say a threshold has not yet been set , but there is seemingly no desire from the music and film industries to impose the Act on small ISPs .
An Ofcom spokeswoman denied smaller ISPs had been excluded from discussions , which she said were ongoing .
" We need to consider a number of different options before setting out some formal proposals in our consultation – nothing is decided before then , " she said , declining to comment on where a threshold for compliance with the Act could be set . ®
Watch Mayweather Vs Mosley Live Stream .
Sugar Shane Mosley Vs Floyd Mayweather Jr. After Mayweather defeated Juan Manuel Marquez , Mosley crashed on the ring provoking Mayweather for a fight .
Instead Mayweather chose to fight Manny Pacquiao and Mosley end up scheduled for Andre Berto .
But certain circumstances arise , Pacquiao - Mayweather super fight crumbled due to blood - testing issues .
And a massive earthquake hit Haiti , Berto 's homeland making him withdraw from his fight against Mosley .
Mosley finally gets what he wanted , a clash for the welterweight supremacy against Mayweather .
Watch Mayweather Vs Mosley Live .
The Welterweight championship between two of the biggest boxing superstar of this generation .
Sugar Shane Mosley and Floyd Mayweather .
Mosley wants to prove something " the punches will do the talking , Ill prove to the World that I am the best " , according to the future Hall of Famer Mosley on one of his interview .
winning this fight will secure in his place in history as the only boxer to defeat Mayweather .
Mayweather has also something to prove , they said he has not fought a real fighther like Mosley , lots of boxing analyst wrote that this could be Mayweather 's biggest matchup of his career yet .
Watch Mayweather Vs Mosley Live " Who R U Picking ? " :
The biggest boxing event of the year .
A British seller on eBay who drove up prices for his own goods by secretly bidding for them faces fines of up to £ 50,000 ( $ 83,000 ) .
Paul Barrett also used a second account on the internet auction site to post positive feedback .
The company said the case , the first prosecution of its kind in Britain , was a clear warning against the practice of '' shill bidding ' ' to bump up prices .
Mr Barrett , 39 , who runs a minibus hire firm , admitted 10 charges of false bidding for items ranging from a Range Rover to a pie and pasty warmer .
He was caught after a separate complaint over false mileage on a minibus prompted an investigation by local trading standards officers .
Magistrates in Skipton , Yorkshire , were told that Mr Barrett had set up an account with the user name Shanconpaul .
But he placed bids using a different identity , Paulthebusman .
The apartments in Beitar Illit are " an exception " , the Israelis say The US has said Israel 's authorisation of new building in a Jewish settlement in the West Bank does not violate a recently announced moratorium .
But a state department spokesman said it was " the kind of thing that both sides need to be cautious of " .
Israel has promised a 10 - month pause in settlement building in the West Bank , though not in East Jerusalem .
It says the 112 new apartments in Beitar Illit settlement were approved ahead of the moratorium being declared .
The move comes as the US announced that Israel and the Palestinians had agreed to hold indirect talks .
Palestinian negotiators say the Beitar Illit announcement will place strain on an already fragile agreement to talk .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Meanwhile , US Vice - President Joe Biden has arrived in the region , becoming the highest - ranking US official to visit since President Barack Obama took office .
US envoy George Mitchell is currently in the Middle East to mediate in what are referred to as " proximity talks " .
" I 'm pleased that the Israeli and Palestinian leadership have accepted indirect talks , " Mr Mitchell said in a statement on Monday .
" We 've begun to discuss the structure and scope of these talks , and I will return to the region next week to continue our discussions .
" As we 've said many times , we hope that these will lead to direct negotiations as soon as possible . "
But other Palestinian groups based in Syria , including the Islamist Hamas movement which runs the Gaza Strip , rejected the talks .
They said the talks were bowing to pressure from Israel and the US .
A breakthrough in the talks would surprise all sides , the BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen says .
' Grudging ' Speaking about the Beitar Illit development , US state department spokesman PJ Crowley told media in Washington on Monday : " On the one hand , it does not violate the moratorium that the Israelis previously announced .
" On the other hand , this is the kind of thing that both sides need to be cautious of as we move ahead with these parallel talks . "
Beitar Illit has a mostly Orthodox Jewish population .
Israeli ministers said the new apartment buildings would be allowed to go ahead because of what they termed " safety issues " .
A statement from the defence ministry said the building was needed to plug a potentially dangerous 40 - yard gap between two existing buildings .
ANALYSIS Tim Franks , BBC News , Jerusalem
The line from Israel 's defence ministry is they needed to plug a potentially dangerous gap between steeply raked apartment buildings .
They have decided that the best way to do this is to fill in the space with 112 new apartments .
Palestinian officials see this only as further evidence of the flimsiness of Israel 's current , self - declared settlement " freeze " .
As it is , there is plenty of construction carrying on inside these settlements , on buildings which were started just before the curb on new approvals came into effect at the end of last year .
The Americans were hoping that Vice - President Joe Biden 's visit to the region would coincide with the announcement of indirect talks between the Israeli and Palestinian leaderships .
But shuttle diplomacy , brokered by the US , can only go so far .
As the latest news shows , both sides have such a low opinion of each other 's intentions that the prospect of direct negotiations - let alone agreement - remains remote .
" Beitar Illit is an exceptional permit that came about following safety problems in the infrastructure , " the statement said .
The building permits were issued under the previous government of Ehud Olmert and before the settlement pause was announced .
The Palestinian leadership in the West Bank had demanded a complete stop to settlement building as a precondition to re-engaging in talks which broke down more than a year ago .
They agreed " grudgingly " , reports said , and came after many months of shuttle diplomacy from Mr Mitchell .
The talks should be limited to four months , Palestinian officials said .
Under heavy US pressure , the Israeli government agreed in November to a temporary and partial pause in building .
It said that work which had already started on 3,000 homes should be allowed to continue , and further exceptions to the pause were possible .
Israel has refused to stop building in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians say they want as the location of a future capital of a Palestinian state .
' Exception ' Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said the move put the talks at risk .
" If the Israeli government wants to sabotage Mitchell 's efforts by taking such steps , let 's talk to Mitchell about maybe not doing this if the price is so high , " he was quoted by the Associated Press ( AP ) news agency as saying .
Israeli Environment Minister Gilad Erdan said the settlement was " an exception " to the building pause .
" At the end of last year the government decided to freeze construction , but this decision provided for exceptions in cases of safety problems for infrastructure projects started before the freeze , " he told Army Radio .
Peace Now , an Israeli group , said the announcement raised questions about Israel 's commitment to the peace process .
" The Israeli government is welcoming the US vice - president by demonstrating , to our regret , that it has no genuine intention to advance the peace process , " the group 's settlement expert , Hagit Ofran , told AP .
All settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For a working class movement to defend public education !
Socialist Equality Party
30 March 2010
This statement will be distributed at “ town hall ” meetings called by the Detroit Public Schools to discuss proposals to close 44 more schools this year .
Click here for a pdf version to download and distribute .
Detroit Public Schools Emergency Financial Manager Robert Bobb is holding a series of meetings throughout Detroit , ostensibly to get public input on a plan to close 44 schools in Detroit this year and 13 more in 2012 .
Coming on top of dozens already shut down , these cuts will mean nearly half the total number of schools open in 2006 will be closed .
These “ town hall ” meetings are a fraud .
The agenda is tightly controlled to prevent any real public input .
In any case , Bobb — backed by the corporate elite , Detroit Mayor David Bing and Governor Jennifer Granholm — has already made his decision .
Whatever the level of public opposition , he is determined to push through massive cuts .
The claim by Bobb and others that these cuts are intended to “ improve ” education is a contemptible lie .
The impact on the city of Detroit , suffering from Depression - like conditions , will be devastating .
Many of the schools slated for closure are fixtures of communities already struggling to get by .
Thousands of students and their families will be dislocated or driven out of the school system altogether .
At least another 1,500 school employees will lose their jobs .
The aim of the measures is to more directly subordinate education to the profit interests of the corporate elite that controls Detroit .
Bobb has said his goal is “ to create a purely market driven school district ” and work toward “ partnerships with the business community .
Some of those eager to promote charter schools and the “ market ” have pitched in to give Bobb an additional $ 145,000 in income this year , on top of his base salary of $ 280,000 .
In addition to shutting down schools , the Detroit Public School District has waged a campaign against teachers and staff .
As part of the school shutdowns , the district is planning on eliminating an additional 2,100 teacher and staff positions next year .
The school closure plan has been drawn up in close coordination with proposals from multi-millionaire Detroit mayor Bing to “ downsize ” Detroit by dismantling broad sections of the city and cutting off services to the most impoverished areas .
As for those who live in the regions that will be abandoned , Bing declared , “ I absolutely cannot give them all the services that they require ” — including education .
Broad sections of the working class will be confined to even more crowded and underfunded schools , while a decent education will be made available for only a small minority .
Similar measures are being carried out throughout the state and the country .
As politicians in Lansing and Washington stand by , schools are being shut down in district after district , and teachers are under attack .
Earlier this month , Kansas City , Missouri voted to close 28 of its 61 schools and lay off 700 of 3,000 jobs .
In a move praised by Obama before the Chamber of Commerce , a school district in Central Falls , Rhode Island moved to fire all of its teachers .
Detroit is a test case for an all - out attack on public education , spearheaded by the Obama administration .
With his “ race to the top ” program , the Obama administration is continuing the reactionary agenda of the bipartisan No Child Left Behind Act signed into law by Bush .
Meager federal funds for education are conditioned on expanding charter schools , shutting down schools in the most distressed areas , and blaming teachers for a crisis of education .
To save our schools and communities , the working class must organize and fight back .
Education is a vital necessity for all workers and young people .
It is not a luxury that should be slashed to the bone to meet the budget - cutting demands of the corporate and financial elite .
A program to defend public education must include :
1. Stop all school closures , privatizations and budget cuts !
End the victimization of teachers !
The political establishment justifies school shutdowns by pointing to declining enrollment , but this is a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Billions must be expended to ensure quality public education for all student youth .
Schools must be rebuilt and equipped with new supplies , textbooks , and technology .
The SEP opposes the destruction of public education in favor of charter schools .
The attempt to scapegoat teachers for the crisis in education is aimed at pitting workers against each other and shielding those who are truly responsible .
Teachers are engaged in a heroic effort to educate youth , confronting the impact of social decay and budget cutting .
Often teachers are forced to pay out of pocket to give their students the most basic necessities .
Teacher pay and benefits should be increased and all benefits restored .
Thousands more teachers must be hired to reduce class sizes and workloads .
2 . End utility shutoffs and home foreclosures !
For a public works program to guarantee jobs !
It is impossible for students to get a decent education when they are homeless , hungry or live without heat and electricity .
Once the wealthiest city in the country , Detroit is now at the center of the economic crisis , with a real unemployment rate of close to 50 percent .
Last year , DTE Energy cut off 221,000 homes in southeast Michigan from utilities .
In February , 20,000 homes were foreclosed in the state , a shocking 59 percent increase from last year .
The fight to defend education must be linked up with the struggle to defend jobs and living standards of all working people .
The SEP calls for an immediate end to all utility shutoffs and home foreclosures .
A massive public works program is required to guarantee good - paying jobs for all .
There is no shortage of work to be done — including the rebuilding of our schools and communities .
3 . Increase taxes on the rich !
For the nationalization of the banks and major corporations !
Students and workers must reject the claim that there is no money for education .
Trillions have been expended to bail out the banks and hundreds of billions are spent each year to fund the US war machine .
As a result of Obama ’s bank bailouts , the corporate and financial elite that created the economic crisis is doing better than ever .
The budget deficit in Detroit is a pittance compared to the wealth of the financial elite .
The bonuses handed out to the top Wall Street firms last year could pay for the budget deficits of all 50 states in the US !
There are resources ; it is a question of who controls these resources and how they are distributed .
The wealthy have no interest in educating workers destined for unemployment or menial jobs , and it is their interests that dictate government policy .
To break the economic and political grip of the financial elite over society , the banks and major corporations must be nationalized and placed under the democratic control of working people .
The enormous sums accumulated by a tiny layer must be reclaimed to meet pressing social needs .
4 . For independent working class organizations to defend public education !
Break with the Democrats and Republicans !
Many hoped the election of Obama would bring an end to Bush ’s policies of war , attacks on democratic rights and handouts to the wealthy .
The last year has demonstrated that it is impossible to enact serious change through the two - party system .
The defense of public education cannot be realized by appealing to Democratic and Republican politicians in Detroit , Lansing and Washington — the very people who are carrying out the attack .
For their part , the trade unions , including the Detroit Federation of Teachers and the United Auto Workers , work closely with the Democratic Party and the corporations in enforcing concessions on the working class .
The Socialist Equality Party calls for the formation of independent committees to unify all sections of the working class — including teachers , school staff , city workers , auto workers , parents and student youth — in the fight to defend public education .
These organizations must be completely free from the Democratic and Republican Parties and the trade union apparatus .
A socialist program for the working class
The attack on public education throughout the country is part of an international campaign to make the working class pay for the economic crisis .
After guaranteeing the wealth of the rich , the call from the government and media is now for austerity and cost - cutting .
The satisfaction of the basic needs of the population , including education , immediately confronts the fact that every aspect of economic and political life is subordinated to the money - mad drive for personal wealth of a small minority , at the expense of the vast majority .
Public education is based on the fundamentally egalitarian principle that everyone should have access to quality education .
As such , it is incompatible with an economic system whose fundamental premise is inequality .
The defense of education is therefore bound up with the socialist transformation of economic life .
The forces of production must be publicly owned and democratically controlled , in the interest of social need , not private profit .
The working class needs its own party that fights for this perspective .
The SEP urges all those who are looking for a way to fight to attend the Emergency Conference on the Social Crisis & War in Ann Arbor , Michigan on April 17 - 18 .
The conference will discuss a new program and perspective for the working class .
For more information and to register , click here .
To contact or join the SEP , click here .
​ The fight around CBS ’s initial refusal to run a pro-legalization ad from the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) ended in victory Wednesday afternoon , reports Te - Ping Chen at Change.org .
Last month , CBS denied NORML ’s request to place an ad in Times Square that featured the potential billions of dollars in tax revenue that would result from legalizing marijuana .
Remember , this is the network that runs stoner - friendly ads for their Showtime Network show , Weeds .
CBS is also the network that had no problem running an extremely controversial anti-abortion ad aimed at peak viewership during the Super Bowl .
But still , CBS decided that NORML ’s 15 - second message ( “ Legalize Marijuana — Billions In Taxes ” would somehow offend viewers .
Breakthrough !....
One thing I noticed is when I suspended the acpi.sys thread , I can no longer eject my dvd drive via the touch control or Fn + F10 .
I have to soft eject from my computer .
Also the Wi-Fi / Bluetooth switch does not work when the acpi.sys thread is suspended as well .
Here is the post on notebook forums showing other users having problems with TS on the Studio series 15 & 17 , http://forum.notebookreview.com/showthread.php?p=4634132#post4634132
This also could probably be easily fixed by removing the acpi support in Windows since we cannot disable it in the bios currently .
Update : I contacted Dell and reported what was re-iterated here and suggest they add an acpi option to the bios so it can be disabled and explained the problem and workaround again fully on my ticket so they do n't mess it up .
Does anyone know if there is acpi patch for WinXP or updated acpi.sys file ?
We do n't cover all that many radio controlled objects on this program because , well , there are just so many of them .
But , every now and again we catch sight of a truly special one , something like this excavator from Modellismo Maximo that 's been around for awhile but we thought you 'd want to check it out regardless .
It 's an RC version of the Despe EC280MG , scaled down to 1:14.5 scale and weighing in at an impressive 31.5 kg ( about 70lbs ) .
It has six axes of movement and is just perfect for loading up the back of your toy trucks -- and then hauling them away , as you can see in a series of videos after the break ( each with worse music than the previous ) .
How much to get in on this kind of fun ?
A mere € 4,160 -- $ 5,630 .
Nobody said diggin ' like this would be cheap .
It 's not as good as a new season of Firefly on television , but it 's still cause for celebration — a new anthology will feature original tales from TV series writers Jane Espenson , Jose Molina , Brett Matthews and Ben Edlund .
Advertisement
We mentioned the anthology a while back , but new details have emerged .
According to Whedonesque , here are the original Firefly tales by the show 's writers :
New Firefly Anthology Will Stir Your Broken Heart All Over Again Titan Books is putting out an anthology of original Firefly stories , and Jane Espenson is writing …
Read more
Fun With Dick And Jayne by Ben Edlund
What Holds Us Down by Jane Espenson
Crystal by Brett Matthews
Take The Sky by Jose Molina
Advertisement
And apparently " Fun With Dick And Jayne " will be an illustrated story .
And according to Bleeding Cool , the book will also feature :
memories from the cast and crew , a tribute to the Browncoats , and even a feature on Nathan Fillion 's legendary practical jokes , Still Flying is illustrated throughout with a wealth of rare and previously unpublished images , including storyboards , production design art and candid behind - the - scenes photos – including an on - set shot of the last ever scene filmed for Firefly .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
They can't take this show from us .
Subscribe Posted by Jason O on Apr 29 , 2010 in Irish Politics
I stumbled across this on Fianna Fail ’s website , and I have to say that I ’m fascinated by it , because it is a wonderfully accurate declaration of how FF see themselves , certainly far more honest than I think FF actually mean it to be .
My comments are in italics .
“ Fianna Fáil represents the mainstream of Irish life .
FF gets 42 % of the vote , which is a minority , which means that a majority of Irish people are not in the mainstream ?
It is the only party which on several occasions has commanded overall majorities in Dáil Éireann .
This is the second line , and already they ’re talking about winning stuff as opposed to why they want to win , which is , I suspect , the way most FF candidates think .
Since its foundation Fianna Fáil has been the single most coherent Coherent ?
They ’ve been against the Anglo - Irish Agreement , in favour of it , against extradition , in favour of it , against divorce , in favour of it , against the single european act , in favour of it , against partnership for peace , in favour of it , against cutbacks , in favour of them , against tax cuts , in favour of them , against contraception , in favour of it , against coalition , in favour of it , force in Irish politics , so much so indeed that alternative governments have been characterised by their opposition to Fianna Fáil as their only common bond .
Electorally Fianna Fáil is second only to the Social Democrats in Sweden in its length of tenure in office .
Again , the entire first paragraph pretty much about winning as opposed to why they want to win .
It really is an end in itself .
Fianna Fáil adheres to the great democratic principle of government of the people , by the people and for the people .
As opposed to what ?
Government by cats ?
Government by hippotamus ?
The party ’s name incorporates the words ‘ The Republican Party ’ in its title .
Republican here stands both for the unity of the island and a commitment to the historic principles of European republican philosophy , namely liberty from pesky regulators ? , equality unless you ’re gay , of course and fraternity , which is a posh word for “ looking after me mates ” .
Fianna Fáil has always had a ‘ can do ’ attitude .
The Party has always been positive and never defeatist in its thinking .
What does this even mean ?
Fianna Fáil aims to unite all in a common identity of self - confident Irish men and women in a dynamic , vibrant , prosperous nation . ”
Curiously , Fine Gael does n’t have anything like this on their site .
They do talk about what Fianna Fail stands for an awful lot .
Which is nice .
Ally Bank wants its customers to invent their own personal secret questions and answers ; the idea is that an operator will read the question over the phone and listen for an answer .
Ignoring for the moment the problem of the operator now knowing the question / answer pair , what are some good pairs ?
Some suggestions :
Q : Do you know why I think you ’re so sexy ?
A : Probably because you ’re totally in love with me .
Q : Need any weed ?
Grass ?
Kind bud ?
Shrooms ?
A : No thanks hippie , I ’d just like to do some banking .
Q : The Penis shoots Seeds , and makes new Life to poison the Earth with a plague of men .
A : Go forth , and kill .
Zardoz has spoken .
Q : What the hell is your fucking problem , sir ?
A : This is completely inappropriate and I ’d like to speak to your supervisor .
Q : I ’ve been embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars from my employer , and I do n’t care who knows it .
A : It ’s a good thing they ’re recording this call , because I ’m going to have to report you .
Q : Are you really who you say you are ?
A : No , I am a Russian identity thief .
The ruling SLPM won the governor seat in Unity state Two supporters of a defeated candidate in Sudan have been shot dead by police during demonstrations .
The protests followed the announcement that the ruling party in Southern Sudan retained the key governorship of the oil - rich Unity state .
Four others were injured in the clash after police opened fire on the crowd in the state capital , Bentiu .
It is the first serious violence reported since the election results have begun to be announced .
The elections were the first multi-party polls in 24 years , but have been marred by irregularities and alleged fraud .
A radio announcement on Friday said incumbent Taban Deng , the official candidate of the ruling Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) , had defeated independent candidate Angelina Teny .
The results triggered a clash between supporters of Ms Teny and security forces .
Ms Teny ran as an independent candidate , but is also a member of the SPLM and married to Riek Machar , south Sudan 's vice - president .
Dispute The BBC's James Copnall in Khartoum says the incident reveals a real split within the SPLM .
Our correspondent also says the Unity state has huge strategic importance because of its oil reserves and its location on the North - South border .
Foreign observers say the polls failed to meet international standards
The elections commission ruled that Ms Teny was defeated by more than 70,000 votes , but her supporters claim the result is fraudulent .
" Angelina
Teny was leading by a difference of 24,000 votes and she was supposed to be announced the winner , " Yohanis Pouk , Ms Teny 's campaign spokesperson , told AFP .
" So we were shocked when Taban Deng announced himself the winner on radio . "
A security official told Reuters that protesters had been trying to destroy a local radio station .
The official , who wanted to remain anonymous , said police guarding the building had opened fire in self - defence .
Tensions are high across the country as results slowly come in from 11 - 15 April polls .
Results so far , mainly from the north of the country , show President Omar al - Bashir 's party has a strong lead .
President Bashir is widely expected to be re-elected , while the SLPM are likely to hold onto power in the semi-autonomous south .
Final results are expected on Sunday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Centuries ago , scientists began reducing the physics of the universe into a few , key laws described by a handful of parameters .
Such simple descriptions have remained elusive for complex biological systems -- until now .
Emory biophysicist Ilya Nemenman has identified parameters for several biochemical networks that distill the entire behavior of these systems into simple equivalent dynamics .
The discovery may hold the potential to streamline the development of drugs and diagnostic tools , by simplifying the research models .
The resulting paper , now available online , will be published in the March issue of Physical Biology .
" It appears that the details of the complexity of these biological systems do n't matter , as long as some aggregate property , which we 've calculated , remains the same , " says Nemenman , associate professor of physics and biology .
He conducted the analysis with Golan Bel and Brian Munsky of the Los Alamos National Laboratory .
The simplicity of the discovery makes it " a beautiful result , " Nemenman says .
" We hope that this theoretical finding will also have practical applications . "
He cites the air molecules moving about his office : " All of the crazy interactions of these molecules hitting each other boils down to a simple behavior :
An ideal gas law .
You could take the painstaking route of studying the dynamics of every molecule , or you could simply measure the temperature , volume and pressure of the air in the room .
The second method is clearly easier , and it gives you just as much information . "
Nemenman wanted to find similar parameters for the incredibly complex dynamics of cellular networks , involving hundreds , or even thousands , of variables among different interacting molecules .
Among the key questions :
What determines which features in these networks are relevant ?
And if they have simple equivalent dynamics , did nature choose to make them so complex in order to fulfill a specific biological function ?
Or is the unnecessary complexity a " fossil record " of the evolutionary heritage ?
advertisement
For the Physical Biology paper , Nemenman and co-authors investigated these questions in the context of a kinetic proofreading ( KPR ) scheme .
KPR is the mechanism a cell uses for optimal quality control as it makes protein .
KPR was predicted during the 1970s and it applies to most cellular assembly processes .
It involves hundreds of steps , and each step may have different parameters .
Nemenman and his colleagues wondered if the KPR scheme could be described more simply .
" Our calculations confirmed that there is , in fact , a key aggregate rate , " he says .
" The whole behavior of the system boils down to just one parameter . "
That means that , instead of painstakingly testing or measuring every rate in the process , you can predict the error and completion rate of a system by looking at a single aggregate parameter .
Charted on a graph , the aggregate behavior appears as a straight line amid a tangle of curving ones .
" The larger and more complex the system gets , the more the aggregate behavior is visible , " Nemenman says .
" The completion time gets simpler and simpler as the system size goes up . "
Nemenman is now collaborating with Emory theoretical biologist Rustom Antia , to see if the discovery can shed light on the processes of immune cells .
In particular , they are interested in the malfunction of certain immune receptors involved in most allergic reactions .
" We may be able to simplify the model for these immune receptors from about 3,000 steps to three steps , " Nemenman says .
" You would n't need a supercomputer to test different chemical compounds on the receptors , because you do n't need to simulate every single step -- just the aggregate . "
Just as the discovery of an ideal gas law led to the creation of engines and automobiles , Nemenman believes that such simple biochemical aggregates could drive advancements in health .
I shamelessly invaded your Xbox Dashboard last week – and now that my thumb fatigue has expired , I 'm here to tell you about it .
Advertisement
When Avery Alix from Xbox Live emailed me about participating in a " Game with Fame " event , I said , " Hell yeah ! " faster than Lindsay Lohan to another shot of Cuervo .
Avery is not only known for his rapier - like wit and awesome hair , but also for being Xbox Live 's community producer .
He is currently in charge of promoting events on the dash .
SIDE NOTE !
For anyone unfamiliar with the " Game with Fame " events , Xbox Live 's " My Community " section frequently provides gamers with the opportunity to befriend a well - known singer , actor , athlete , etc. in order to partake in some online multiplayer merriment .
Players can play right alongside celebs !
Like Dane Cook !
But more importantly , they can shoot Dane Cook in the back of the noggin with a sawed - off shotty for bragging rights !
Popular game choices for these events include Castle Crashers , Halo 3 , Call of Duty , and UNO .
I chose BioShock 2's online multiplayer because it 's undeniably fantastic and I just can't get enough of the glitching , freezing , and spawning inside of walls .
( Ooh , cheap shot ! )
Advertisement
BACK TO MY STORY !
After providing Xbox Live with pictures and a preferred time , I was given a specific gamertag for the event .
I soon saw my face on the Dashboard and nearly passed out from my irrepressible mirthquake .
I was expecting to get a few messages and friend requests , hoping at least some people would notice the event .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
… I had no idea what I was in for .
Within the first hour of my promotion going live , I had one hundred friend requests and one hundred messages .
This did n't seem like too big of a deal , considering how many Xbox Live members exist … until I found out , oh , wait , one hundred is the limit for both messages and requests .
Turns out I had WAY more than that .
For every message I deleted , another one came in right behind it .
Here 's a quick breakdown of the plethora of messages I received :
Advertisement
• 50 % - Extremely nice messages / Compliments from excited gamers .
• 38 % - Charming notes from bold English professors , like this :
Advertisement
• 7 % - Angry , mean messages mostly regarding the 100 friends cap .
Apparently , that is my fault .
( Sorry , everyone . )
• 4 % - Inaudible voice messages .
• 1 % - Pictures of male genitalia .
With these messages in mind , I became slightly nervous , convinced I would be spending the majority of the event deflecting pick - up lines from the types of gamers who probably did n't buy DoA : Xtreme Beach Volleyball for the volleyball .
In fact , it can be bad enough playing as an anonymous female in online multiplayer matches .
I stay away from games like Modern Warfare 2 online since , from my experience , the judgments , jokes , and insults start flying once some opponents discover I 'm a chick .
I can only laugh along with them for so long before I start shaking my anti-misogyny gaffi stick over my head and then quickly log off before my Tusken Raider battle cry worries the neighbors .
I figured it would be twice as bad playing with individuals who knew my identity .
Advertisement
Thankfully , I was completely proven wrong .
The first lobby was quiet .
Only one or two players were willing to speak .
But using the approachable personality and naturally infectious laughter that I 'm famous for to beguile them into a bust - out - the - keg comfort zone , a few more came out of their shell and soon began saying things to me like , " Who are you again ? "
Things loosened up and nearly everyone was chatting .
I played round after round with cool , mature gamers who behaved themselves and ( thankfully ) endured my sarcasm .
My teammates stuck by my side and , while I wo n't claim that certain opposing teammates ganged up on me , I will absolutely hint at it .
( You know who you are ! )
The best part was the complete absence of humiliating questions and rude comments .
Advertisement
Let 's throw on our analyzing hats and our online social interaction psychology clam diggers for a moment and consider the results of this coincidental experiment .
One would think that after receiving so many ballsy , juvenile messages to my " Game with Fame " gamertag that at least one person during the event would have acted similarly .
But they did n't .
My in - game , voice - to - voice interactions were very courteous and rather timid .
If only I could enjoy the same chivalry when playing on my private gamertag with an unknown identity , where , instead , it is more common to be told I am ugly , unwelcome , and stupid .
Advertisement
While it is disheartening that so many disrespectful gamers exist and make the unfortunate decision each day to open their fat traps , it 's also extremely refreshing to know so many gamers are not like that – like the ones in my " Game with Fame " event .
As a female gamer , I can't express my appreciation enough .
You nice guys out there make online gaming experiences much more enjoyable for gals like me .
Quick note !
If you ever feel like trying a " Game with Fame " event , keep in mind how quickly the host 's friends list will fill up .
Admittedly , it was pretty difficult to sift through the multitude of messages and gamertags to see who was actually serious about playing .
Advertisement
The event was a really positive experience .
Thanks again to everyone who participated and did not send me pictures of their genitals .
It means a lot .
Lisa Foiles is best known as the former star of Nickelodeon 's award - winning comedy show , All That .
She currently works as a graphic designer and writes for her game site , Save Point .
For more info , visit Lisa 's official website .
A gamelan orchestra accompanies this traditional
Javanese dance from the court of Yogyakarta .
While [ the musicians ] are warming up under the mango and jackfruit trees that offer some cover from the occasional drifting shower , I make a phone call to the surgeon who has performed Helen 's operation and who has been so patient and reassuring with all my questions over the past few days .
He confirms that all went well , that the meningioma was benign and has been completely and successfully removed .
Then he breaks off and asks me what the noise is in the background .
" It 's something called a gamelan orchestra , " I begin , about to embark on a long explanation .
" I thought so ! " he exclaims .
" The man who 's teaching me to play the saxophone leads a gamelan orchestra . "
" In London ? "
" Yes . "
This unlikely piece of synchronicity is oddly comforting .
Ridiculous , I know , but when I go back into the garden the music of Java reminds me of home .
#
I 'm still in my Michael Palin Period , and at the moment have just crossed with Michael from Indonesia to Australia and New Zealand in the companion book to his travel series , his 50,000 - mile 1995 - 96 journey around the Pacific Rim , starting from the Alaskan island of Little Diomede in the Bering Strait between Alaska and Russia ( we 've actually watched the kickoff of the trip ) , then moving counter - clockwise around the Pacific : to Siberia and on around the Pacific Rim of Asia and on to Australia and New Zealand , then across to the southern tip of South America and up the Pacific coast of the Americas , all the way backto Little Diomede , stopping in all the countries that border the Pacific except North Korea , to which he got as close as he could via a visit to the Korean DMZ .
One of the things that puzzled me about the series as broadcast was the disconnect between Indonesia and Australia .
After Michael and the BBC crew made their way across the length of Java , from the Indonesian capital of Jakarta in the west to Surabaya in the east , the plan was to continue finding small boats to travel a mere thousand miles across Indonesia and the short hop across the Timor Sea to Darwin in the far north of Australia .
But at that time of year they were unable to find any captain willing to take them any farther east .
Only then , there they are in Darwin !
It turns out that two members of the party , Michael and crew member Steve , made the trip via London , for family concerns .
While still on Java , each had received fairly terrifying news from home .
Steve , who thought his great concern was the imminent arrival of his third child , learned that one of his daughters had fallen and hit her head , extent of injury unknown ( and then several hours later his third daughter was born ) .
Michael had learned that his wife Helen , suffering unbearable headaches , had been diagnosed with a benign meningioma near the brain , for which immediate surgery was indicated .
After intense consultation with his wife and the doctor , Michael had agreed that there was no point in his dropping everything and making the round - the - world trip home , where there was nothing for him to do before the surgery , which the doctor considered relatively straightforward .
On arrival in Yogyakarta in central Java , Michael had found out that the surgery was successfully completed .
( " Textbook " is what he 's told half an hour after the surgery , and when he sends his love , " she is already conscious enough to send hers back . " )
Meanwhile , in the heart of gamelan country , theteam finds that , as another consequence of their traveling through this predominantly Muslim country during Ramadan , " the recitals of gamelan -- the best known and most admired of Java 's traditional music -- have been suspended .
A large blackboard explains , crisply : ' During Ramadan , there 'll be no music , no dance ' . "
And yet , to Michael 's pleasure , they get " a chance to hear a gamelan orchestra at work at an impromptu session organized in the garden of a house in a quiet neighbourhood not far from the centre of Yogya . "
And this scene ensues : ( We learn in the first entry from Darwin that while the crew found their way , presumably by whatever air connections they could make from Surabaya to Darwin , Steve and Michael had made the trip via London .
At the small cost of 16,000 miles added to the 1200 - mile distance from Surabaya to Darwin , and " the short , sharp shock of exposure to a northern winter , " before plunging right back into the tropics , both travelers have been well rewarded .
Michael found Helen recovering well , and Steve found his daughters " old and new " fine . ) is available by itself , but if you have any interest in Michael Palin 's other remarkable travel series , you should instead get the nearly complete Michael Palin Collection .
As we 've discussed several times , though , if you can play regionally encoded PAL DVDs , you should buy directly from the U.K .
The newer Travels with Palin set includes thesequel and costs a fraction of the U.S. price .
For that matter , Amazon.co.uk is currently listing the Full Circle DVDs for £ 7.47 ( less than $ 13 ) as opposed to Amazon.com 's $ 45 .
Both Amazons list an abundance of copies of thebook ( here , for example ) at ridiculously low prices . ]
Labels : Full Circle , gamelan , Michael Palin
Collection of the most unusual modern forks and innovative fork designs from all over the world .
Spork
Spoon - fork - knife combo brings a bit of civilization to the wild and a bit of the wild to civilization .
[ buy ]
NyFork Pizza Fork
Innovative fork allows you to slice and eat pizza with one utensil . [ more ]
Airfork One
Just the thing to bring mashed potatoes in for a safe landing .
Calamete Pasta Fork
Japanese fork made for spinning noodles with ease is perfect for any spaghetti or other long noodle lover .
Fork Fan
Cools down all “ too hot ” to eat foods before they get to your mouth .
Oyster Fork
Double ended oyster fork and knife combo .
Use the blade to separate the oyster from its shell and eat it with the fork .
Finger Fork
Stainless steel finger forks are ideal for buffets and parties .
Popcorn Fork
No more messy fingers !
Popcorn fork comes with a built in salt shaker in the handle .
Chopsticks Aid
Fork face that attaches to chopsticks , turning them into a fork .
Hard Rock Cafe Fork
Creative fork designed to represent the spirit of Hard Rock Cafe .
Bottle Opener Fork
Cool stainless steel fork doubles as a useful bottle opener .
[ more ]
Twister Fork
Wavy tines keep the pasta in place so you can focus on the taste .
Also check out : Creative and Unusual Cutlery Designs
We ’ve all seen cartoons in which people travel through the sewers , although looking back on it , we confess we ca n’t come up with a reason they were ever down there .
Nonetheless , through these shows , we learned that the sewer is a magical place , home to many wondrous and sometimes frightening creatures , like man-eating crocodiles , your giant pet goldfish you thought died 11 years ago , and on rare occasion a talking piece of Christmas feces .
Thankfully you knew these things were fake ( at least we hope , otherwise we suggest you seek counseling if you have n’t already ) and so when you sat down on the toilet , you were able to do your business in comfort .
Well , those days of safety are over .
Be forewarned – after reading about these animals , you ’ll never be able to c**p in comfort again .
1. Frogs
We do n’t have anything against frogs for the most part .
They ’re pretty cool looking , and apart from plagues , they do n’t really bug humans .
Except when they stop by to say “ hi ” while we ’re in the bathroom .
Frogs love damp places ; being amphibians , they have to live near water due to the early stages of their lives .
It just so happens that sewers and plumbing pipes , unfortunately , fall under the category of “ damp . ”
Frogs have been known to come up through the toilet in various areas of the world , including Australia , Cuba , Puerto Rico , and other tropical regions .
The United States is far from exempt , however .
An invasion of Cuban Tree Frogs started about 3 years ago , and shows no signs of slowing down ; the frogs have already made their homes in Georgia , South Carolina , California , and even Hawaii and Canada .
In Florida , the problem is so bad that the frogs have caused numerous power failures .
But nobody seems to care about the power outages , because these guys have a nasty habit of making their homes in plumbing fixtures and surprising you when you really would n’t care to be surprised .
2. Carnivorous Lizards
Lizards , like frogs , enjoy water .
In recently urbanized areas , they will , therefore , go wherever they can find a source of constant water ( i.e. your house ) .
And because most are insectivores , they will go wherever they can find crickets and the like ( i.e. your house again ) .
And where insects and water coexist ?
Well , if you have a cleanliness problem , your bathroom .
In many areas like the southwest United States , lizards coming through the plumbing into toilets is a fairly common , albeit uncomfortable happening .
But since they are insectivores , we have nothing to worry about when they show up .
Except when the lizard coming up likes to eat your flesh .
A few years ago , a three - year - old Norwegian boy was running into the bathroom of his house with his mommy , presumably to show her that he was a big boy now .
But as she helped him lift up the toilet seat , the two were greeted by a large black and yellow Teju , a South American carnivorous lizard .
Luckily the mother was with the child because if he had sat down on the toilet , the giant lizard would have almost certainly bitten him .
This proves that any lizard has the capability of coming up with the toilet as long as it can fit in the pipes .
To add to your fear , the Teju is so dangerous , it ’s illegal to own one as a pet in numerous countries .
3. Possums
Let ’s get away from the cold - blooded animals for a bit , shall we ?
Our next entry was one you did n’t even know could swim through pipes or breathe underwater , but nonetheless , possums manage to find their way through our s-bends every once in a while .
More specifically , baby possums , probably the least threatening animal on our list ; fully grown ones probably could n’t fit through the pipes .
Either that or they are n’t as brain - dead as their offspring .
There have been numerous cases around the world of possums making their way through plumbing fixtures and into houses , also the reason for this is probably more accidental than anything , as possums usually stay away from humans .
A man living near Dallas , Texas walked into his bathroom one day to find a small possum staring at him from the toilet bowl , wet and out of breath ( he had to have traveled at least 50 feet through water - filled pipes ) .
Probable cuteness aside , the man slammed the lid on the little demon and waited for animal control to arrive .
But that was n’t nearly as shocking the possums that showed up in Brisbane , Australia .
Mr. Tim Fraser was in his bathroom when his toilet started bubbling , giving birth to a small bush - tailed possum .
Fraser , who was more of a man than the aforementioned , quickly rescued the animal from the toilet , presumably after he got over his heart attack .
Of course , this sort of thing would freak out anyone , and the wife of the first man told her husband that he better keep all of the toilet lids down from now on .
Frankly , we think that ’s stupid advice ma’am because then there would be no way to know when they would attack next .
At every stage of your case , I look for fair and workable remedies for your issues .
I strongly believe in being accessible to my clients and keeping them informed .
I understand that the need for Family Law legal action often represents some of the hardest periods of a person ’s life .
When you become my client , I am committed to working to ensure you get from your present predicament at point A to the better shores of point B , safely , securely , and as efficiently as the storms in the journey and you allow .
Spokane Divorce and Family Law Attorney
The outcome of a divorce or child custody dispute can have a profound impact on you , your finances , your children and even your parental rights .
With so much at stake , the attorney to help you through the process is important .
Finding the right attorney can be difficult .
You need an attorney with the experience to handle your case effectively , the dedication to give your case the time it requires and the integrity to put your interests first .
I am that attorney .
My name is Amy Rimov .
I am a family law attorney serving clients in Spokane and surrounding areas of Washington .
I represent clients in a wide range of family - related matters , including :
Divorce
Child custody and visitation
Child support
Modifications
Mediation
Collaborative law
I have a strong legal background graduating with top honors from Gonzaga Law School , spending seven years at a prominent Spokane litigation firm , before opening my own law office in 2008 .
I have extensive experience in traditional divorce and family law matters as well as collaborative law .
I work closely with clients to explore creative and empowering methods of dispute resolution .
My pro-active approach to dispute resolution has helped many clients obtain a positive resolution to their case without the time , expense and headaches of protracted litigation .
Contact Me
Providing clients with compassionate , creative and cost - conscious representation is my focus .
If you need to speak with a lawyer about a divorce or other family law matter , contact my law office at 509 - 835-5377 , or contact me by e-mail .
My office is conveniently located in the historic Fernwell .
I accept credit cards and offer reasonable rates .
The bit twiddlers at Red Hat have been hard at work for the past four years , laying the groundwork in the upstream Linux kernel for what will become Enterprise Linux 6 , says Tim Burke , vice president of Linux engineering development at the company .
And with RHEL 6 , which just entered its first beta today , the company wants to make it cheaper and easier for companies to deploy Linux in their data centers .
With the RHEL 5.5 update three weeks ago , Burke says that the focus was to make that Linux distro compatible with all the new processors coming out this year , including the Xeon 5600 and 7500 from Intel , the Opteron 4100 and 6100 from Advanced Micro Devices , and the Power7 from IBM .
RHEL 5 came out in March 2007 after a six - month beta and release candidate cycle .
It started out with the Linux 2.6.18 kernel and has had lots of more current features backported to it without breaking application compatibility as each successive release came out over the past three years .
At some point , however , the changes that need to be made to the kernel and related systems software stack are so great that a new version with a new architecture is called for , and such is the case with RHEL 6 .
Although the two releases will , of course , share some common attributes in terms of scalability and hardware support .
To cook up RHEL 6 , Red Hat grabbed a Fedora development release based on the Linux 2.6.32 kernel and hardened it , and then grabbed some of the features that the RHEL engineers deemed were ready for primetime and backported them to that kernel .
The main concern with RHEL 6 , aside from building in lots of scalability , is to tweak Linux and its management tools so virtualized servers are no more difficult to manage than physical ones , and to remove some of the performance penalties that virtualized servers have to pay .
One big change in the guts of the kernel at the heart of RHEL 6 is that the CPU structures that determine how many physical processors the kernel can span have been made more flexible , thus making it easier for Red Hat to dial up support for increasing numbers of processor cores as chip makers ride Moore 's Law .
It looks like we 'll be getting 50 per cent more cores per year from here on out , on average , because we ca n’t increase clock speeds any more because of thermal issues , and every operating system has to be ready to absorb that number of cores .
RHEL 6 will have no trouble , laughs Burke , since in theory it has been designed to support up to 64,000 cores in a single system image .
And because the way that CPU counts are assigned in the kernel - not with a fixed array that mapped CPU structures to the kernel like in RHEL 5 and earlier releases - it will be relatively easy to make changes as new chips come out .
Ditto for main memory addressability .
While RHEL 4 , 5 , and 6 offer both 32 - bit and 64 - bit memory addressing , depending on the iron you run it on , the address bits tend to be set a bit lower than 64 - bit for physical addressing .
With RHEL 5 , the theoretical memory limit in the kernel was 46 bits , which yields a maximum of 64 TB of addressable memory .
With the RHEL 6 kernel , the theoretical maximum physical memory has been boosted to 48 bits , which yields 128 TB of memory for the kernel and 128 TB for the userspace where Linux applications frolic .
Of course , RHEL 6 has not been tuned to run on a 64,000 - core server with 256 TB of memory , not the least of which because it will be at least a few years before such a system is available from Lenovo or Tata .
( If you assume 64 sockets maximum and a 50 per cent increase in cores per year , you get to 1,000 cores per chip and 64,000 cores per SMP server in 2022 , assuming a linear ramp of Moore 's Law . )
" At this point , we have plenty of headroom for CPUs and memory , " Burke chuckles .
RHEL 5 had a practical memory limit of 1 TB , and RHEL 6 is ready to support the 2 TB main memory being offered on Xeon 7500 and Power7 systems and will scale as the hardware scales .
The KVM hypervisor embedded in RHEL 6 is also getting scalability improvements , which will have larger number of virtualized cores than was possible with RHEL 5 and be able to allocate more CPUs to guest virtual partitions running atop RHEL 6 .
With RHEL 5 , KVM topped out at allowing a guest to address 16 physical processors , and with the initial RHEL 6 , this has been quadrupled to 64 physical processors .
( When Red Hat says " processor , " it means cores , not sockets containing cores or virtual threads inside cores . )
The amount of memory that a KVM guest can address was not at Burke 's fingertips when we interviewed him and the release notes that are supposed to be live dead end in a 404 at the moment , so we can't tell you .
The original Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization 2.2 hypervisor that is based on RHEL 5 was able have a guest address up to 16 processors and 256 GB of memory , and with RHEL 5.5 that was boosted to 32 processors and 512 GB of memory .
It stands to reason that the KVM embedded in RHEL 6 can address 1 TB of memory to match its 64 processors .
RHEL 6 is available on 32 - bit x86 and 64 - bit x64 processors from Intel and AMD and Power7 and mainframe processors from IBM .
As The Register divulged in December 2009 , Red Hat is pulling the plug on Intel 's Itanium processor support with RHEL 6 , much as Microsoft has done with Windows .
RHEL 5 will be the last Red Hat Linux to support Itanium ( out to 2014 with security patches and updates to support the future " Kittson " and " Poulson " Itanium chips ) .
Microsoft 's Windows Server 2008 R2 edition is the last one to support Itanium and will be similarly tweaked to support the two future Itanium chips on the Intel roadmap .
Money is tight anymore .
Between a recession that we are all tired of hearing about , low amounts of jobs and high unemployment , we should all be saving our money .
But we are going to be equally , if not more , bored when we are poor as we are when we have enough money to spare for luxuries and hobbies .
You may not have enough money for the Nintendo Wii , you may be a few dollars short to go to the theatre and see a movie , maybe you are using most of your paycheck to fill up your car , so you can go to work , so you can get a paycheck that is just enough to fill up your car for the commute to work .
So what is there to do that is fun , but very cheap ?
Well , at least ten things .
10 NERF Wars
Most of us have at one time seen the flamboyantly colored guns that fire the harmless foam darts with suction cups for tips .
But the best part is that they are cheap .
A high quality NERF gun will not put you up any more than $ 40 USD ( and most will be between $ 10 and $ 20 ) .
NERF is definitely the most expensive thing on this list , do n’t be disheartened .
If you manage to cough up a meager $ 35 , you can be the proud owner of a brand new Vulcan NERF Blaster ( for those who are wondering , that is short for belt - fed , tripod - mounted , full - automatic machine gun ) .
After you obtain your new blaster , try Capture the Flag , Elimination , King of the Hill , and many more game variants .
College students need to see if their campus hosts a Humans Vs. Zombies game , where hundreds of students arm themselves with NERF blasters and battle hundreds of other students , the “ zombies ” , who try to tag human players and infect them .
9 Capture the Flag
A well - known game , it can be incorporated into wargames ( paintball , airsoft , NERF as mentioned above ) , but for this entry , I ’ll talk about the regular tag version .
While many people play infinite variations of the game , the most standard version I am am aware of is this .
Two teams occupy one half of the playing area each .
They guard a flag ( which could be anything from an actual flag to a paper towel to some kind of toy or baton ) and the other attempts to capture it and return it to their own side .
If you are in the other teams territory , you can be tagged and sent to the team ’s jail , where you stay until they release you or a teammate tags you free .
Some people play one - sided CTF ( one team defends while the other attacks , and roles switch at the end of a timed round ) , and some play one flag ( both teams vie for a single flag set in the middle of the playing area , and try to return it to they ’re side ) .
Many websites are dedicated to the game , and many college campuses organize huge games of CTF for their students .
8 Road Trip Bitch
This is a great game for you can your friends to play on long road trips .
Bring a silly hat , that is all you need .
Before you depart for your trip , the driver designates things that are catalysts for the game .
When the catalyst is seen by anybody in the car , they immediately punch the roof and yell the catalyst .
Regardless of whether they themselves have seen it , the other occupants of the car must punch and yell too .
Last person the react is the Trip Bitch , or Car Bitch .
A catalyst can be anything .
For example , when I played , catalysts were Padiddles ( any car with one headlight out ) , and large white vans .
When we saw a Padiddle , we punched and yelled “ Padiddle ! ”
When we saw a white van , we punched and yelled “ Pedophile ! ”
They can be cars , animals , certain road signs , anything .
The Bitch must wear the hat at all times ( even if you stop to eat at a restaurant , use the bathroom , etc. ) and if they lose twice in a row , they must unzip their fly and leave it down .
They are to be ridiculed and insulted the whole time they are Bitched .
You are no longer the Bitch when you react faster than someone when a catalyst is spotted .
7 Stealth
For this , you need a few flashlights , a large playing area with plenty of hiding spots , a dark night , and at least one cheap light , like a book light or light - up keychain .
There are two teams in this game : Hunters , and Seekers .
Hunters take the Light , which is the keychain , and hide it .
It must be visible , but not so blatant that it can be seen from a long distance .
Seekers start on the opposite side of the playing area , and use stealth to sneak around past the Hunters to try and find and capture the Light .
Hunters use their flashlights to shine on the Seekers .
If a Seeker is spotted with a flashlight and called out , they are tagged .
The first time , they get a warning and must retreat out of sight of the hunters back the way they came , then continue .
The second time , they are eliminated .
When we play , we play in the local large cemetery or inside a large church .
You can play with as little as 3 people , but more is better .
Seekers usually outnumber Hunters .
6 Ghost Hunting
I ’m sure many of you will not even consider this an option , but trust me , it is fun .
Going to creepy and out - of - the - way places carries it ’s own thrill .
Bring cameras and voice recorders , and see what you can find .
However , if you go expecting to find anything , you will almost always be disappointed .
Whether it is because of lack of spirits or lack of luck , I ’ll leave to the individual to decide .
But regardless of any evidence or occurrences , or lack of , all of my friends enjoy the activity , both believers and skeptics .
Most of the times , the unknown things you will find are n’t eerie voices or pictures , but obscure histories and dark pasts of the locations , and how their legends developed .
5 Scavenger Hunt
For this , you need two teams , a list of items to find , and some cameras ( cell phone cameras are preferred ) .
Both teams gather and receive their lists of what to find , then drive or walk around to get them .
Document your finds with the cell phone cameras , and if you can , send them to the other team to taunt them !
Items on the list can be actual objects , or just a task .
When we went , we had to :
Get kicked out of a store , find a Bush - Cheney bumper sticker ( in 2007 , mind you ) , kiss a farm animal ( my friend and the cow he kissed are now expecting ) , and other things like that .
Lists can include anything !
4 Manhunter
Find the large area you used to play Stealth , and head back there to play this , also a night - time game .
You have to Victims , and the Killer .
Victims must wear sunglasses and ear plugs .
This forces them to use flashlights to see , and speak loud to communicate .
Our Killer , who preferably dresses in dark clothing , must stalk the Victims and tag them .
If you want to make things really interesting , give the Victims NERF guns and the Killer and Sharpie marker ( to simulate a knife ) .
Last one standing is the new Killer next round .
Happy hunting !
3 Urban Exploration
Urban Exploration is a pass time that involves going to any place , usually considered undesirable or uninteresting , and discovering things that nobody else knows about .
These locations are usually reported to be haunted , and so UE has close ties to ghost hunting , but they are not exclusive .
Most Urban Explorers are interested in unusual or dark history , or things that are just strange and weird .
I recently discovered a little - known nature preserve , very close to my home , that has an abandoned cemetery and Depression - era homestead , tucked away in the woods .
Further poking and research led me the history of the former residents , and the area in general .
2 Cemetery Safari
Some may consider this disrespectful , but rest assured , none is intended .
Go to a cemetery , preferably one in an area you are n’t too familiar with .
Find a tombstone that stands out to you , and write down the person ’s name .
When you get home , research that person , and check out their history .
Generally , the more ornate tombstones lead to more eccentric people !
I have found some truly amazing stories on my Safaris , which have in turn led me to other relatives in other cemeteries , which augmented my Urban Exploring .
1 Geocaching
Geocaching is a widespread activity , taking the world by storm .
People have hidden things called geocaches around the world .
All you need is a GPS device ( most phones will be capable ) or you can simply load a map onto your computer and bring it along .
Geocahces can be anything , from key boxes to Tupperware containers , from baby - food jars to coffee cans .
Some even get 5 gallon containers !
In the container , you leave several trinkets , usually toys and other things with a low value , and hide it .
You then go online , log the GPS coordinates , and leave clues to it ’s location for other geocachers .
When you find one , sign the logbook to show you were there , and take an item , but also put one back .
Caches and be as easy to find as lifting a rock , and some get as difficult as to need rock climbing gear !
Some are even hidden underwater , accessible only with SCUBA gear !
Some of these geocaches were hidden literally almost in my backyard .
Go to www.geocaching.com and register for a free account ( they do NOT send spam or newsletters ) and you can see a map with geocaches marked in your local area !
It is a world - wide game , with competitions and events .
Many people own trackig dots , which are coins that have a code that you enter online to log it and see where it has been .
The one we found started it ’s journey in South Carolina , but had hits all over North America , aven a few in Australia , New Zealand , Asia , and Europe !
Also , geocachers practice what is called “ Cache In Trash Out ” , which involves picking up litter and keeping the areas that caches are located in clean .
Fertility experts say a critical shortage in the number of sperm donations is forcing IVF clinics to advertise .
" You 've got millions : we only need one " is the catchcry of a new advertising campaign targeting sperm donors .
Some clinics have blamed the decline in donor numbers on recent law changes .
IVF clinics were once heavily reliant on university students wanting some quick cash for sperm donations .
But Professor Michael Chapman , a senior fertility specialist with IVF Australia , said that is not the case any more .
" We 've got a serious problem in a shortage of donor sperm , " he said .
" We 've got many couples , many women who are desperate to have a baby , and they do n't have a male partner with sperm quality or any sperm to become pregnant so it 's a situation where sperm donation is the only way for them . "
The Sydney - based group has almost 70 clients waiting for sperm donations but it has only 10 donors on its books .
Professor Chapman , who is also the spokesman for the Fertility Society of Australia , an umbrella group for clinics , says the sperm shortage is Australia wide .
" We have a waiting list of 12 to 18 months to obtain a sperm donor for an individual patient approaching us , so if you came to me tomorrow I could n't offer you sperm till 2011 , " he said .
" So if you are 38 that 's significant , because your fertility in the next 12 months is probably going to drop 12 to 15 per cent .
" So your chances of getting pregnant when we actually do get the sperm is actually less than it is now . "
Law changes
The Fertility Society of Australia blames the drop in donations on recent changes to legislation .
On January 1 , Victorian donors were required to have police and child protection order checks , while on the same day in New South Wales law changes required all donors to be placed on a state - held register .
" In the past men could donate sperm knowing that they would never be known to the child , and over the past five to 10 years there has been a change in attitude to that which has given the right of children , or the belief that there is a right of children , to know their genetic background so that has led to changes in legislation , " he said .
Sandra Dill , the head of ACCESS Australia , a not - for - profit organisation supporting singles and couples seeking or undergoing fertility treatment , says much of the legislative changes have been for the better .
She says a lack of regulation in places such as the US has had worrying results .
" One donor had 166 children over a number of families which was just hard to believe , " she said .
Ms Dill welcomes any bid to boost donors here .
" There 's been a critical shortage of sperm donors across Australia for some time and to the extent that where I understand some clinics do n't even offer this service unless people bring a known donor , " she said .
Professor Chapman said two of Australia 's largest IVF clinics , Melbourne IVF and IVF Australia , are now appealing to men's generosity to fill the shortfall .
And while he conceded there are risks that advertising may attract the wrong type of donor , he said there are safeguards in place .
" If men do respond to our advertisement they will be taken through in great detail the implications , " he said .
" They will see our counsellor .
They will see a genetic counsellor .
They will have blood tests to prove they do n't have any specific problems they may hand onto a child in the future .
" I expect of probably 100 that come to us , we may only get 10 or 15 who actually decide to go ahead .
" That 's 10 or 15 .
That will be almost doubling what we 've got at the moment . "
Christopher Hitchens decries anti-Semitism in lecture at UCLA
Christopher Hitchens , an internationally known columnist , intellectual and author whose provocative books and essays in Slate , Vanity Fair , the Atlantic and other publications have hammered at organized religion , the Clintons , Winston Churchill and Mother Teresa alike , appeared Wednesday , March 3 , before a packed audience at UCLA to portray anti-Semitism as " the godfather of all other forms of racism " and " the gateway to the tyranny of fascism and war . "
Alternating between black humor , biting sarcasm and insightful analysis , Hitchens took over the podium at Korn Convocation Hall to deliver the eighth annual Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture at UCLA to an audience of more than 400 people , including Pearl 's father , Judea Pearl , an emeritus professor of computer science at UCLA and president of a foundation formed to continue his son's mission of promoting cross-cultural understanding through journalism and music .
Daniel Pearl , a prominent Wall Street Journal reporter and the paper 's South Asia bureau chief , was kidnapped and murdered by terrorists in Pakistan in 2002 ...
WASHINGTON , D.C. --
Whenever I 'm in the nation 's capital , it 's always entertaining to see government staff , aides , lobbyists and elected officials doing their thing .
They can make you feel like an outsider -- unless , that is , you were there when Ronald Reagan was sworn in , doing then as they are doing now .
Then you realize that they 're just younger versions of yourself .
With age and experience comes a trace of wisdom .
In talking to various Washington insiders over the last few days , I 've noticed a predominant theme :
The GOP establishment has n't a clue how to manage the so - called Tea Party movement .
And the Democrats are equally clueless as they try to profile and pigeonhole these new activists .
I 've been closely watching Tea Partiers since about this time last year .
I noticed early on that establishment Republican elected officials have been letting the Tea Party march right on past .
These officeholders are afraid they 'll be seen as radical if they associate with the protest movement .
Conventional Washington wisdom seems to have it that moderate , swing voters in the fall general elections will turn away from the GOP if the party ends up with nominees for Congress who are either self - identified as Tea Partiers or are somehow associated with them .
Consider this oddity : Sen .
John McCain has long been cold - shouldered by the GOP establishment , which has thought of him as too liberal for the party 's taste .
Now he is suddenly viewed as a part of that very establishment , which is itself now deemed too liberal .
Believe me when I tell you that the very notion of a spontaneous conservative grassroots movement that they can't get a handle on has this town 's Republican operatives baffled .
The Democrats are even more in the dark .
They have persuaded themselves that the Tea Party crowd is one and the same with the so - called " birthers , " who believe President Obama was not born in the United States and should not be eligible to serve as president .
The Democrats welcome the Tea Party because they believe it will divide the GOP and bring to the fore weaker and less experienced Republican candidates in November .
Either that , they believe , or it will cause a big chunk of disenchanted Republican voters -- either establishment or Tea Party -- to sit out this year 's general election altogether .
I love Washington -- it 's in my blood .
But I 've been here so many times that I 've come to see clearly that the capital city is one whose inhabitants talk almost exclusively among and about themselves .
That was true when I was here in the 1980s and 1990s , it 's true now , and it was probably true in early post - colonial days .
Where else on earth do men still wear neckties to gatherings on Sunday night ?
It 's an insulated company town that 's only interested in the gossip and inside perspectives of the " company " -- politics and government .
What will become of the Tea Party movement ?
I suspect that in some cases , there will be Tea Party Republicans who will run against and clean the clocks of their Republican primary opponents .
There will be other cases in which the Tea Party candidates will lose badly , either because they are little more than well - meaning amateurs or because their establishment GOP opponents have enough conservative bona fides to satisfy conservative voters .
Either way , the Tea Party will not split the GOP this year .
The movement , though not as large as some like to portray it , is still a powerful force .
The Tea Party is an indication of how heavy the voter turnout on the Republican side likely will be in November , regardless of who the GOP nominee might be for a given office .
I keep reading media reports that try to portray some Tea Partiers as racist .
They keep insisting that alleged racial slurs were hurled at certain members of Congress when the health care bill was being considered .
Much media , like many Beltway insiders , are characterizing as a racist - inspired fringe element what is in fact a loud manifestation of anger and fear over taxes , government growth , and possible abridgements of future liberty and security .
I do n't buy it .
The Tea Party may or may not be substantial enough to transform the GOP into a more conservative party .
But my polling tells this :
We are likely to see Republican primaries this year that will be contested as never before .
And that means there could be an avalanche of Americans voting Republican in November .
The Tea Party effort is both symbolic and a catalyst .
It will end up spurring a rush of voter intensity the GOP has n't seen since 1994 .
Oh , yes , I liked this town a lot in those days .
Food Recall : Woolworths Jasmine Rice
The manufacturer Thai Ha Public Company Limited and Woolworths Limited are conducting a voluntary consumer level recall on Home Brand Jasmine Rice 1 kg
Net due to a product safety issue .
The Product may have been contaminated with metal shavings , which may pose a health risk if swallowed .
Customers are advised not to eat this product .
The recall only applies to the 1kg pack size .
No other Woolworths products are affected by the recall .
Any customer who may have this product should return it to their nearest Woolworths / Safeway / Food For Less Supermarket for a full refund , or call 1800 103 515 for more information .
Accused ... Sean Mulveyhill .
Credit:AP
" The events were not isolated , but the culmination of a nearly three - month campaign of verbally assaultive behaviour and threats of physical harm . "
Prince enrolled last year at the high school in idyllic South Hadley after emigrating from County Clare in Ireland .
On January 14 , she walked home and hanged herself , to be discovered by her younger sister .
What might have remained a private tragedy erupted into public outrage on Monday when authorities announced the charges .
That outrage grew on Tuesday as parents confronted the disturbing details of the case , in which a student clique reportedly known as the Mean Girls allegedly made the newcomer 's life hell in revenge for dating an older boy .
Worse , it was alleged that teachers were out of touch with student relationships and did not think of stepping in .
Scheibel said the bullying had been " common knowledge " .
" Certain faculty , staff and administrators of the high school also were alerted to the harassment of Phoebe Prince before her death .
Prior to Phoebe 's death , her mother spoke with at least two school staff members about the harassment Phoebe had reported to her , " the prosecutor said .
" A lack of understanding of harassment associated with teen dating relationships seems to have been prevalent at South Hadley High School . "
The events were not isolated , but the culmination of a nearly three - month campaign of verbally assaultive behaviour and threats of physical harm
Mitchell Brouillard , the father of another bullying victim , said that anger was growing at the staff .
" I think quite a few people are complaining against the administrators of the school and might require resignations .
All the administration at this point are equally responsible , " he said .
" It 's been going on for a couple of years now .
My daughter decided to speak to some local reporters after Phoebe 's suicide .
And the day after the report was published , she was bullied again and physically harmed . "
The mother of one of the students charged in bullying Prince spoke on Tuesday of her disbelief .
" We have strong values , and I do n't like injustice , and injustice includes bullying or being racist , " the mother , Angeles Chanon , told the Boston Herald daily .
" They 're teenagers .
They call names , " Chanon said .
" She did not physically assault ( her ) .
I know she knows better than that .
I would n't accept that . "
Insults and threats followed 15 - year - old Phoebe Prince almost from her first day at South Hadley High School , Northampton , Massachusetts , targeting the Irish immigrant in the halls , library and in vicious mobile phone text messages .
Phoebe , ostracised for having a brief relationship with a popular boy , reached her breaking point and hanged herself after one particularly hellish day in January - a day that , according to US officials , included being hounded with slurs and pelted with a beverage container as she walked home from school .
Now , nine teenagers face charges in what a prosecutor called " unrelenting " bullying , including two teen boys charged with statutory rape and a clique of girls charged with stalking , criminal harassment and violating Phoebe 's civil rights .
School officials wo n't be charged , even though authorities say they knew about the bullying and that Phoebe 's mother brought her concerns to at least two of them .
Northwestern District Attorney Elizabeth Scheibel , who announced the charges on Monday , said the events before Phoebe 's death on January 14 were " the culmination of a nearly three - month campaign of verbally assaultive behaviour and threats of physical harm " widely known among the student body .
" The investigation revealed relentless activity directed towards Phoebe , designed to humiliate her and to make it impossible for her to remain at school , " Scheibel said .
" The bullying , for her , became intolerable . "
Scheibel said the case is still under investigation and that one other person could be charged .
It was n't immediately known on Monday whether the teens who have been charged have attorneys .
Scheibel said the harassment began in September , occurring primarily in school and in person , although some of it surfaced on Facebook and in other electronic forms .
At least four students and two faculty members intervened to try to stop it or report it to administrators , she said .
Schiebel refused to discuss the circumstances of the rape charges .
No school officials are being charged because they had " a lack of understanding of harassment associated with teen dating relationships " , and the school 's code of conduct was interpreted and enforced in an " inconsistent " way , Scheibel said .
" Nevertheless , the actions - or inactions - of some adults at the school are troublesome , " she said .
A message seeking comment was left on Monday for South Hadley Schools Superintendent Gus A. Sayer .
Phoebe was born in Bedford , England and moved to County Clare , Ireland , when she was two .
She moved last summer to South Hadley , home to Mount Holyoke College , because the family had relatives there .
Her family has since moved away and could not immediately be located for comment .
Scheibel spoke for them at a news conference to announce the charges .
" The Prince family has asked that the public refrain from vigilantism in favour of allowing the judicial system an opportunity to provide a measure of justice for Phoebe , " she said .
Some students accused of participating in the bullying have been disciplined by the school and will not be returning to classes .
The Massachusetts Legislature cited Prince 's death and the apparent suicide of 11 - year - old Carl Walker - Hoover of Springfield last year when members passed anti-bullying legislation earlier this month .
South Hadley is among several college towns in western Massachusetts that pride themselves on their urbane cultural offerings , good schools and safe streets .
After Phoebe 's death , the community formed an anti-bullying task force that drew more than 400 people to its first meeting in February .
Robert Judge , a South Hadley selectman and task force member , said hundreds of people have become involved in hope that something good comes from the incident .
" Like most towns , we like to think of ourselves as a good place to live , and then this happens and your reputation is sullied nationally and even internationally , and people look at you differently , and they make assumptions , " Judge said .
Scheibel said the teens will be issued summonses to appear in court on yet - undetermined dates .
The teens who face criminal charges under the indictments announced on Monday are :
* Sean Mulveyhill , 17 , of South Hadley .
Charged with statutory rape , violation of civil rights resulting in bodily injury , criminal harassment and disturbance of a school assembly .
A woman who answered the phone at his home on Monday would not identify herself and said : " You do n't know the full story . "
* Kayla Narey , 17 , of South Hadley .
Charged with violation of civil rights resulting in bodily injury , criminal harassment and disturbance of a school assembly .
* Austin Renaud , 18 , of Springfield .
Charged with statutory rape .
* Ashley Longe , 16 , of South Hadley .
Charged as a youthful offender with violation of civil rights resulting in bodily injury .
* Sharon Chanon Velazquez , 16 , of South Hadley .
Charged as a youthful offender with stalking and violation of civil rights resulting in bodily injury .
* Flannery Mullins , 16 , of South Hadley .
Charged as a youthful offender with stalking and violation of civil rights resulting in bodily injury .
Three 16 - year - old South Hadley girls , whose names were not released , face delinquency charges that include the civil rights offence , criminal harassment and disturbance of a school assembly .
Loading
* Support is available for anyone who may be distressed by calling SANE Helpline 1800 18 7263 ; Lifeline 131 114 ; Salvo Crisis Line ( 02 ) 8736 3295 ; beyondblue 1300 22 46 36 .
AFP /AP
Jezebels , Loreleis , Bitches , Vixens , and Home - Wreckers
By chowardbc | Books | April 6 , 2010 |
By chowardbc | Books | April 6 , 2010 |
In the same trip to the library as my last post , I picked up The Other Woman , a breezy - read anthology of 21 essays that explore various sides of non-monogamous relationships from a female perspective .
Some of America ’s top writers candidly discuss Jezebels , Loreleis , bitches , vixens , and home - wreckers .
The essays explore deeply personal experiences , from heart - wrenching anguish to light - hearted humor to full - throttled rage , in order to show that , in the end , neither the mistress nor the wife is entirely responsible or free from blame in the destruction of a relationship .
Every “ other woman ” is enticingly multi-faceted : mistress , wife , girlfriend , lover , daughter , mother , co-worker , neighbor , escape , confidante .
Each essay sheds a glimmer of perceptive , and often sensible , recognition of the complexity of love and devotion .
Pam Houston ’s essay “ Not Istanbul ” illuminates how destructive obsession with an affair
ooze[s ] into every nook and cranny of your cerebrum , until you wo n’t be able to think of anything else .
And if you let her take up residence there , no matter when you cut her off , no matter how hard you try to starve her , you may never , ever , get her out . ( p.1 )
While I understand the old adage that concentrating on the other woman only gives her undue power , Houston ’s take on the idea of obsessing over a man ’s affair was particularly poignant .
You see , she points out , a woman never sees herself as the other woman .
Even if the man we are interested in has been in a long - distance relationship for years with another woman .
That woman is the other woman .
There is still no point in the conversation when it comes anywhere near your consciousness that , technically speaking , the Other Woman is you .
( p. 10 )
That line smacked me in the face .
It ’s true .
We are so self - involved , wanting what we want , that other women are villainously in our way , rather than realizing that our actions are hurting someone else .
While Houston has experience as the Other Woman , Connie May Fowler ’s unleashes a no-holds - barred diatribe against women who have affairs with married men in “ The Uterine Blues : Why Some Women Ca n’t Stop Fucking Over Their Sisters . ”
She berates the married man :
If he has kids — and maybe even if he does n’t — he most likely wines , dines , and pampers her more often than he spoils his legit woman .
After all , he has a full - blown life , complete with ups and down , joys and sorrows , with the woman who washes his shorts .
( pp. 123-124 )
And while she hates TOW ( her term for “ the other woman ” ) ,
the bitch , the liar , the cheat , the no - good - keep - me - awake - and - crying - all - night - cuntress , ( pp. 125-126 )
Fowler has some sympathy .
And she is tragic .
Yes , despite her abundance , her sheer numbers , her self - evident place in society , she is invisible , anonymous : the freakin ’ unknown dishonorable soldier of the heart .
( p. 124 )
And do we , as women , really have such low self - esteem that we ’re willing to screw over our fellow sisters and put out on the basis of a lie delivered on the wings of a smile ?
Why are we so willing to believe him when he says he is going to leave his wife ?
The stats are in : Even if he does leave her , he ’s not likely to end up with TOW because , once the marriage is over , TOW is no longer a fantasy ( sex without ties ) ; she ’s a home wrecker .
( p. 134 )
Fowler calls on women to quit fucking around and victimizing themselves , to have some self - respect and quit letting men enjoy the spoils of our insecurities .
She ’s badass .
And a pretty great writer to boot .
Some of the other essays include :
“ Palm Springs ” by Mary Jo Eustace — recognizing herself as an aging mother and losing her actor husband to a young starlet
“ Iowa Was Never Like This ” by Jane Smiley — complex polyamorous ( and poly - not - so - amorous ) relationships and attempts to splice needs into little sections to be met by various people
“ The Mistress ” by Dani Shapiro — a heart - breaking story of a young woman living for years as an isolated mistress for a wealthy older man only to discover that everything he told her about his family and his marriage is a lie
“ Cassandra ” by Caroline Leavitt — how the betrayal of a friend keeping a husband ’s affair a secret can be more heart - breaking and damaging than the affair itself ; while romantic relationships may wax and wane , women expect their friendships to weather all turmoil
“ Sheba ” by Sherry Glaser — walking away from a one - sided lesbian relationship into the arms of a soul - mate
The son of Rambo strides across the grassy field , girded for battle .
He wears a T - shirt with the word “ famous ” all over it .
Stainless - steel studs blink from his ears .
Two women hawk tortas , chips and bags of pumpkin seeds to more than 100 people filling the bleachers at Bristow Park in Commerce .
Ricky Ruiz steps onto the court .
He takes off his shirt , revealing a gold crucifix , which he swings around to rest on his back .
His father , a muscle - bound , in - your - face character known as Rambo , bulls through the crowd .
“ Who wants to bet ? ” he cries .
Men peel $ 20 and $ 100 bills from wads of cash .
Advertisement
Ricky ’s challenger , Gilbert Rosales , 24 , stands silently , looking like a 19th century bare - knuckled fighter with his mutton - chop sideburns .
They call him “ Boxer , ” because he used to be one .
Ruiz prepares to serve .
The crowd quiets ; the crinkling of Flaming Hot Cheeto bags subsides .
With his right hand , he sends the ball against the concrete wall .
Moments later , he fires a “ kill ” into a corner , like a sinking fastball , and takes a 3 - 0 lead .
Handball has been a feature of urban life for generations , a pastime of laborers and lawyers , a fixture in parks , private clubs and prison yards , a passion that transcends class , religion and ethnicity .
In 1974 , the poet Irving Feldman wrote of the “ oiled and bronzing sons of immigrants , the handball players of the new world ” at New York ’s Brighton Beach , “ who yawp , who quarrel , who shove , who shout themselves hoarse , who do n’t get out of the way , grab for odds , hustle a handicap , all crust , all bluster , all con and gusto . ”
Advertisement
He could have been describing the scene today at handball courts across Southern California .
Ruiz , 21 , is one of the stars of that realm .
Early mornings , he works for a traffic - management contractor , laying orange cones and closing streets .
In the afternoon , the three - walled concrete courts beckon .
Handball is a job too , and one he loves .
When he ’s on his game , he can earn a few hundred dollars from bettors in just a few hours .
“ I ca n’t just sit at home .
I have to get out here , ” he says .
“ I believe I ’m in my prime right now .
I can just tell .
I never felt this good before .
If I play my game , I do n’t feel I should ever lose . ”
The best street handball players dominate a park , like gunslingers in a western .
Ruiz ’s home court is Bristow Park , but he plays all over — in La Puente , Venice Beach , East L.A. , Lynwood , wherever he can find competition .
His prowess is such that he sometimes plays with a handicap , just to coax an opponent onto the court .
He ’ll spot a challenger points or allow him to use a racquet .
Or he ’ll take on two people at once .
Advertisement
Boxer was too strong a player to expect any such concessions .
Still , Ruiz was expected to win .
The night before their match , he sat in the Bristow Park bleachers under floodlights , wearing braces on both knees , hoping to win a little money in low - stakes games while watching his father and brother play .
He did n’t feel unbeatable .
He was banged - up .
But not showing up for his match with Rosales would be unthinkable , like missing a big day at work because of a lousy cold .
“ We made an agreement .
I have to show up , ” he said .
The next morning , his father , Martin “ Rambo ” Ruiz , used a T - shirt to sweep leaves from the court .
Spectators filled the aluminum bleachers and crowded the edges of the court .
Ricky and Rosales would play a series of games of up to 12 points each .
The first to win two games would be winner of the match .
Advertisement
Handball is like tennis without racquets or a net .
Players hit the ball with their open hand or fist .
You lose a point if you ca n’t reach a serve or volley before the second bounce .
Ruiz , Rosales and their associates placed bets among themselves amounting to more than $ 1,000 .
Including the many wagers between spectators , a much bigger sum than that was at stake , though no one was keeping track .
Ruiz got off to a strong start , winning the first three points and prompting shouts of “ Go Ricky ! ”
Rosales battled back , showing a balletic grace .
He wowed the crowd by seeming to change direction in midair to reach one of Ruiz ’s volleys .
One of Rosales ’ supporters called the maneuver a “ mini- Matrix , ” a reference to the gravity - defying acrobatics in the “ Matrix ” movies .
Within a few minutes , Boxer had taken the lead and the momentum .
Ruiz shook his head and cursed under his breath .
Advertisement
“ There you go , no pressure ! ” one of Rosales ’ supporters yelled .
Then , Boxer appeared to block Ruiz ’s path , causing him to lose another point .
Ruiz responded by stepping in front of his opponent .
“ If you want to play dirty , I ’ll play dirty too , ” he said .
The burst of anger appeared to give Ruiz energy .
He tied the game at 6 - 6 but then slipped , landing hard on the concrete .
He struggled to get back on his feet
Advertisement
“ Lift him up , Rambo ! ” someone cried .
The father looked concerned but decided to stay off the court .
Ruiz lost the first game , then won the second , at one point blowing a playful kiss to the crowd .
The decisive third game was tight , but the momentum seemed to be with Rosales .
Ruiz ’s supporters looked glum .
Make him run , Ricky , they implored .
“ We ’re going to eat soup from a cup tonight , ” Rambo grumbled .
Advertisement
With a laser shot that caromed high off the wall and sailed over Ricky ’s head , the match ended .
Ruiz slumped against the wall , aching , beaten , humbled .
Just a few years ago , Ricky seemed destined for bigger things than street stardom .
He learned to play from his father , an East L.A. handball legend who is by turns disarming and intimidating , respected and feared , loved and hated .
The elder Ruiz , now 47 , had frequent run-ins with the law as a young man and said he once spent eight months in state prison for a drug offense .
There , he beat other inmates at handball ; his trophies were Cup O Noodles instant soup mixes , cigarettes and chocolate bars .
He believes his two sons ’ early immersion in handball kept them away from the kind of trouble that snared him .
Advertisement
Rambo walks with a limp , the result of a fall from a three - story building during his days as a window washer 20 years ago .
These days , he teaches kick - boxing and tends a samurai sword rack at his home in Downey .
The sons of Rambo were playing with their father for serious change by the time they hit puberty .
“ In a way , I ’m glad I was trained that way by my dad , ” Ricky says .
“ You need aggression on the court .
A lot of people do n’t have that .
My dad is so prideful when it comes to handball .
That ’s where I got it from . ”
As a teenager , Ricky trained with a respected coach , Tony Huante , who wanted to groom him for the professional game .
Ricky traveled across the country to compete in sanctioned tournaments , with authentic handballs — smaller , harder and faster than the racquetballs favored in the street game .
He won junior championships , piled up trophies and was thought to have a bright future as a pro .
Advertisement
Ricky and his brother Braulio , now 22 , were among the best junior players in the country , said Howie Eisenberg , a New York handball legend and commissioner of the U.S. Handball Assn .
Then the brothers all but disappeared from the circuit .
Asked why , Ricky said Huante expected players to train like monks , seven days a week .
“ Tony thought there was no point in having a girlfriend , ” he said .
“ Handball is handball , but you have to have a life too . ”
Then there was the money .
Professional tournaments sometimes offer generous purses , he said , but you have to travel at your own expense , often out of state , and you have to win first place to get a decent payday .
Only a handful of the finest players in the world can make a living at it .
In the parks , it ’s easier .
Though most play for gas or food money , a really good player can make hundreds of dollars a day betting with opponents and onlookers .
Advertisement
Huante , 81 , a retired steelworker who coached some of pro handball ’s best players , says Ruiz is wasting his talent on the street game .
“ He can be known outside of the parks , ” he said .
“ Ricky has everything to be a champion . ”
Lately , Ruiz has taken tentative steps back into the professional realm .
Earlier this month , he competed in a tournament in Orange County and qualified to play against some of the best players in the world in Detroit in May .
But he ’s hedging his bets .
He ’s also applied for a job with the Los Angeles Police Department .
Three weeks after his stinging loss to Boxer , Ruiz drove 50 miles through a downpour to a warehouse in Ontario with racquetball courts .
The scuffed concrete floor was painted green .
Plaster chips rained down from the ceiling .
Electrical wires hung from the ceiling .
Advertisement
More than 100 people were there to watch Ruiz take on a local star , 23 - year - old Benjamin “ Benja ” Jimenez .
Some in the crowd drank from cases of Modelo beer , settling in for a long evening .
Ruiz and Jimenez would play a series of best - of - three matches .
Jimenez , gentle and easygoing off the court , is known as a fierce competitor who dives for everything .
As play started , spectators marveled at Ruiz ’s deft use of his off - hand , his left .
Still , Ricky grew frustrated as he missed shots and made mistakes .
He smashed a shot at short range , an easy kill , but it bounced off his own leg .
Behind by a few points , he began to scuffle back , but he lost the first match in three games and was down $ 100 to Jimenez .
Even so , it was apparent to many in the crowd that his athleticism and stamina were superior to Benja’s .
Composing himself , Ruiz won the next four matches , displaying tremendous foot speed and ambidextrous power .
During one break , the two players shared a water bottle .
Back on the court , neither gave any quarter .
At the end of an exhausting rally , Jimenez dove in vain for a rebound , then sat on his knees for a long moment , his eyes closed as if in prayer .
Ruiz gashed his knees on the concrete floor .
Blood dribbled down his leg .
Advertisement
A glass - eyed drunk with money riding on Benja ordered him to “ beat the .... out of that kid ! ”
Sometimes Ruiz loses his cool in the face of such provocations .
But this time he harnessed his emotions .
After nearly three and a half hours , he was victorious , winning five out of seven matches .
Benja wobbled to a chair .
Este burro se canso , he said .
This donkey is pooped .
Ruiz slumped against the wall .
He collected $ 350 from his opponent .
They commiserated and compared aches like old men .
Advertisement
After a moment of silence , Jimenez said : “ I ’ll play you lefty . ”
Ricky could only smile .
“ I can ’t , brother .
I can’t .
I wish I could , ” he said .
“ My legs ca n’t move . ”
Triumphant , he peeled off his T - shirt , pulled his favorite item of apparel from a duffel bag and slipped it on .
Advertisement
“ Famous . ”
hector.becerra@latimes.com
Obsidian , the developers behind the upcoming espionage RPG game Alpha Protocol takes us through some of the cool gadgets and toys Michael Thorton has at his disposal in this new developer diary .
Alpha Protocol is scheduled to release on Windows PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 on June 1 in NA , May 27 in Australia , and May 28 in Europe .
Despite a recent boom in the number of U.S. bicyclists , fewer than 1 percent of us regularly bike to work .
According to the January 2010 Governing magazine , a number of city planners see that statistic as evidence “ that some more radical bicycling strategies are in order . ”
“ It ’s time to think beyond bike lanes , [ the planners ] say , and start using bike - only traffic signals , traffic - protected ‘ cycle - tracks , ’ and other street designs that are common in European cities such as Amsterdam and Copenhagen , where up to 40 percent of all trips are made on two wheels . ”
Obstacles to achieving this sort of Scandinavian efficiency include red tape , legal concerns , and wariness about departing from the bible of urban street design , the Federal Highway Administration ’s Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices , which has been slow to adopt bike - friendly designs .
The good news is that forward thinkers at the National Association of City Transportation Officials , representing more than a dozen major cities , have banded together to launch Cities for Cycling , an information clearinghouse that allows municipalities to experiment with nonstandard designs and share best practices .
Portland , Oregon , is already forging ahead with bike boxes , marked areas at intersections that allow bikes to wait at red lights in front of cars .
Sony PSX : The PSX is a sort of prelude to the PS3 .
Never released outside of Japan it was a combination of the PS1 , PS2 and a digital video recorder .
It also was the first Sony product to make use of the Cross - Media Bar , or XMB , the navigation toolbar for accessing photos , videos , games and other settings , which is now found on the majority of Sony 's televisions and consoles .
The PSX was an extremely capable device , able to play games , tune in to television stations , and even record your favourite show .
It also looked extremely cool in ceramic white .
If you can get your hands on one it still stacks up against the PS3's media centre capabilities
My stepson is three and his parents broke up before he was even two because she left him for another man that she said could support her better and that made more money .
But she eventually wanted my husband back and has been playing little games for over two years .
She says that my stepson has been telling her that my husband beats him , that he 's scared of his daddy and that he does n't like coming over to our house .
Funny thing is , when he gets in the car with my husband , he is happy , thrilled and can't wait to do fun things with daddy .
Last night , he told us that daddy was a bad man because he would n't buy his mommy a new car .
Then he kept saying all night that daddy was bad and his mommy was good .
She 's also told him that I hate him and will kill him when I get the chance , so he 's scared of me also .
He wo n't eat at our house , he disrespects me all the time and he wo n't mind me .
He also bosses me around , such as , he 'll get his dirty clothes and throw them on my lap and demand that I need to wash them and he 's always telling me my house if filthy and nasty and I need to clean it , which is n't true at all .
I am so tired of it , I do n't know what to do .
I try to ignore it the best I can but the older he gets , the worse his behavior because his mother encourages him to act up with us .
One day , when my husband was picking him up , she bent down and told him that he did n't have to listen to me , my husband heard and they got into a fight .
Anything we can do ?
We have no court order for visitation , we are just at her mercy to be able to see my stepson .
Interactive Delta map >
Sherman Island is a “ chokepoint ” of highways , gas and power lines typical of the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta .
Researchers are studying the intersection of such infrastructure systems , which are protected by 1,100 miles of levees , some more than 100 years old .
( Animation by Melani King , Graphics by Hulda Nelson )
BERKELEY —
When visiting Sherman Island in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta , it is easy to forget the region ’s ever - present threat of catastrophic floods and instead revel in the West Coast ’s largest estuary , which supports farmers , anglers , and more than 700 native species of plants and animals , including some that are endangered .
“ You drive out there and you see that cows are grazing , birds are chirping ; but it ’s deceptive , ” said Robert Bea , professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ As you start to dig in , you find out how incredibly complex and vulnerable we ’ve made this place . ”
At least 220 government agencies have jurisdiction in the Delta , which is home to half a million residents in 25 villages , towns and cities , including Sacramento , Stockton and Pittsburg .
The region is under continual threat from floods , prevented only by a vast — and fragile — network of earthen levees .
Sherman Island , said Bea , is an example of a critical chokepoint in the Delta for the tangled networks of highways , railroads , and electrical , gas and telecommunication lines that serve as lifelines for the San Francisco Bay Area and large swaths of the state .
The Delta also serves as the hub for aqueducts that channel drinking water for two - thirds of the state ’s population — more than 23 million people — and irrigation water for 3 million acres of agriculture responsible for half the nation ’s fruits and vegetables and one - quarter of its dairy products .
Finding ways to better manage the overlapping agencies is the goal of a four - year , $ 2 million project headed by Bea and funded by the National Science Foundation .
The project , called Resilient and Sustainable Infrastructures ( RESIN ) , brings together 20 researchers in disciplines ranging from engineering to law to organizational behavior ( a full list of researchers is online ) .
The team also includes experts from the Natural Hazards Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Bea and other investigators on the RESIN team are among a significant number of UC Berkeley researchers who are using their expertise to tackle the extraordinary challenges of the Delta .
In addition to the team members on the RESIN project , which is in its early stages , there are UC Berkeley researchers in urban planning , law , policy and biometeorology who also are studying the unique problems of the Delta region .
The stakes are clear if solutions are not found :
A 2002 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers study predicted a 99 percent chance of flooding within the next 50 years on 13 Delta islands .
A 2006 California Department of Water Resources study projected that a one - foot rise in sea level — a mid-range prediction from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change — would increase the frequency of a 100 - year peak tide to a 10 - year event .
There have been more than 160 levee failures in the Delta over the past century , according to the water resources department .
What many experts fear most is a significant earthquake of magnitude 6.5 or higher from the Hayward Fault , or from any of the other smaller faults in the San Andreas zone , that could trigger multiple , widespread and simultaneous levee breaches .
Such massive levee failures could result in the loss to California ’s economy of $ 30 - 40 billion , according to state estimates .
The ultimate Gordian knot
The damage from a large quake would reach far beyond the life and well - being of the Delta ’s residents or its ecosystem .
The force of the water flow from massive levee breaches would suck ocean water into the Delta , contaminating the fresh water supply relied upon by tens of millions of Californians and sending ripple effects across the nation , said Ray Seed , UC Berkeley professor of civil and environmental engineering and one of the country ’s leading experts on the Delta .
Such flooding would set off a chain reaction of failures in the adjoining infrastructure systems that would have ripple effects throughout the state , experts said .
“ If , in fact , we lost power here , that power would affect our ability to pump natural gas , ” said Don Boland , executive director of the California Utilities Emergency Association , motioning to a pump station not far from Highway 160 in the northern part of Sherman Island .
“ It ’s going to affect our ability to power our water systems , our pumping stations , and our lift stations . ”
The loss of telecommunication monitoring systems would impact the energy transmission through the gas lines , Boland added , “ so everybody is in this together .
No one utility can stand alone . ”
A workable solution to this threat has eluded California for decades as the fishing community and environmentalists fight to maintain water flows for Delta smelt and Chinook salmon , while thirsty water users further south battle to keep their crops irrigated and residents supplied .
“ The Delta ’s problems are massively complex at a technical level , but it ’s all overlaid by politics , ” said Seed .
“ It ’s about the guys who want water versus those who protect the fish , but the guys doing the fighting are n’t even worried about the seismic risk . ”
“ It ’s the ultimate Gordian knot , ” said Seed .
“ There is no other system in the world as complex as the Delta . ”
From marshland to farmland
For millennia , the Delta was a tidal marshland where rivers from the Sierra Nevada are funneled out into the Pacific Ocean .
The Delta was primarily home to Native Americans for centuries .
In the mid-1800s , the California Gold Rush drew in waves of settlers eager to lay claim to the land ’s riches .
Many of the Delta ’s earliest towns were formed during this time .
The Delta makes for attractive farmland — when it is not underwater — as the soil is rich with peat nourished by decaying vegetation , including the native tule reeds .
The first crude levees of the region were hand - built by Chinese laborers and private landowners in the mid-1800s , and they predictably succumbed to flooding on a regular basis .
Better technology in the form of steam - powered clamshell dredges led to the construction of more substantial levees , accelerating the pace of reclamation in the late - 1800s .
By the 1930s , what was once a tidal marshland had been transformed into half a million acres of agricultural land in a man-made archipelago of some five dozen islands .
Renewed attention was given to levee construction in the ’30s when the decision was made to export Delta water to the Central Valley and Southern California .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began upgrading “ project ” levees with funding from the federal government .
By 1940 , the export of Delta water began as part of the federal Central Valley Project .
Water transfers increased decades later with the passage of the State Water Project .
The construction of dams and reservoirs followed , water diversions grew , and the Delta ’s fish population took a dive , setting the stage for California ’s contentious and ongoing water wars .
The incredible sinking Delta
Today there are more than 1,100 miles of levees — longer than California ’s coastline — surrounding 837,000 acres of land in the Delta and Suisun Marsh .
Many of those levees are now a century old .
The peat proved to be fertile ground for farms , but its exposure to oxygen and compaction literally sank the land as microbes gained access to the organic debris through the drainage of water .
The land continues to sink at a rate of 1 - 3 inches per year .
Like most of the islands in the Delta , the land on Sherman Island sits 15 - 20 feet below sea level , a result of decades of subsidence .
Few know this better than biometeorologist Dennis Baldocchi , a UC Berkeley professor in the Department of Environmental Science , Policy & Management .
Baldocchi came from a family of Delta farmers , starting with his grandparents who settled in Antioch after emigrating from Italy .
Baldocchi’s father grew almonds and walnuts in the Delta towns of Antioch and Oakley , while several aunts , uncles and cousins farmed asparagus , sugar beets , grains and other crops on Liberty and Sherman islands over the decades .
One of Baldocchi’s aunts had fortunately moved out of her home on Sherman Island right before it was destroyed in a 1969 flood that resulted from a levee break .
The home was never rebuilt , but Baldocchi ’s connection to the region remains .
As a researcher , he has been studying the release of greenhouse gases in the Delta as methane and carbon dioxide are released from the peat .
When Baldocchi returns to Sherman Island for his research , he sees a landscape changed from his childhood memories .
“ What strikes me most is the visual impression I get standing on a road today and seeing how much lower the fields are — 3 to 4 feet in many cases — from where they were 30 years ago when I was tramping through the fields pheasant hunting with my dad , ” said Baldocchi .
“ I can even see the markings on telephone poles from where the soil used to be .
Those footings on the utility poles were probably buried in the peat when they were originally installed 70 to 80 years ago . ”
Exacerbating the vulnerability of the region is the continued development and population growth of the Delta .
A 2007 report initiated by UC Berkeley ’s Department of Landscape Architecture and Environmental Planning noted that high housing prices throughout Northern California contributed to growth pressure in Delta communities .
The report ’s authors noted that since the 2000 census , the towns and cities within the Delta have grown by 18 percent , with some , including Brentwood , Tracy and West Sacramento , experiencing growth of 25 percent .
A Delta vision
The RESIN project expects to develop new risk assessment tools to better evaluate and manage these various threats to the Delta ’s resilience and sustainability .
“ The issues of the Delta go far beyond an engineering problem , ” said policy analyst Emery Roe , an associate with UC Berkeley ’s Center for Catastrophic Risk Management and one of the lead researchers on the RESIN team .
“ If we only think about the levees , we ’ve lost sight of the bigger challenge of all these various infrastructure systems managed together . ”
“ The problems we see in the Delta are the same ones we saw in New Orleans , ” said Bea , who was part of the research team led by Seed that was deployed in 2005 to investigate the New Orleans levee failures in the wake of Hurricane Katrina .
“ We have the fundamental knowledge about how to approach these issues , but we have n’t mobilized the collective will to address them . ”
Hurricane Katrina provided a jolt to California that is resulting in growing efforts , like RESIN , to tackle the challenges presented by the Delta .
In 2006 , in an effort to find and implement a long - term fix , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger began the Delta Vision project .
He formed a Blue Ribbon Task Force on the Delta and charged the group with creating a “ durable vision for sustainable management of the Delta . ”
The seven - member task force was chaired by Phil Isenberg , former Sacramento mayor and a graduate of UC Berkeley School of Law .
Its members also included two UC Berkeley faculty members : Seed and Richard Frank , executive director of the School of Law’s Center for Law , Energy and the Environment .
The task force released a strategic plan in 2008 that emphasized the need to treat protection of the ecosystem and the state ’s water supply as primary , co-equal goals for sustainable management of the Delta .
“ In 2009 , after a protracted legislative debate , we got a package of five bills .
I was pleasantly surprised that those bills touched on much of what the task force recommended , ” said Frank .
“ It ’s far from perfect ; some of our strongest recommendations were not fully embraced , but it ’s a step forward . ”
The package of bills is meant to provide for stricter groundwater monitoring and enforcement of illegal diversions , a more ambitious water conservation policy , and water recycling and conservation programs .
The state ’s water package also created the Delta Stewardship Council in response to the task force recommendation for a central , overarching authority to which Delta stakeholders can turn .
The council had its first meeting on April 1 .
Isenberg , who had headed the task force , was elected chair of the council for four years .
The council is charged with developing a comprehensive plan for the Delta by the end of 2011 .
Cynicism exists about whether the council can effectively tame the competing interests in the Delta , but task force members say it ’s a start .
“ The pre-existing situation is that there were more than 200 government agencies in the Delta , and no one was in charge , ” said Frank .
“ We ’ve had a 60 - 70 year stalemate , ” said Seed , who also is an adviser on the RESIN project .
“ The biggest change now is the conjugate level of desperation from all parties .
No one is winning , and people are finally realizing that if we all keep fighting each other , we eventually will all lose together . ”
Delta links :
If you see a woman drowning the decent thing to do is toss her a life buoy , or at least leave her the hell alone ; sitting on her head to push her deeper under water is wholly unacceptable behaviour .
Unless you live in America and work for some local - level housing authority , in which case it 's part of your job .
Being poor sucks in any country but especially in the US , which is so proud of being the Richest Nation on Earth that it makes sure everyone lives up to that whether they can afford to or not .
Consider the case of Avondale , Arizona resident Christine Stevens , who has been in deep water ( financially speaking ) since losing her bank job in January 2009 .
She decided to discontinue her electricity service and make do with solar panels – Arizona has no shortage of sunshine , after all – and using an ice box in lieu of a refrigerator .
But such frugality defies Avondale city codes , which require a refrigerator , heating and cooling system , and electricity enough for all .
So Stevens ' house was condemned , and Stevens kicked out .
" We explained to her that the panels were n't enough to sustain a quality of life there , " Avondale 's code enforcement manager said .
Stevens is back in her home now , after spending 11 nights sleeping in her car , but could still lose the property .
When you 're worried about someone 's quality of life , adding them to the ranks of the homeless might not be the best way to improve it , but it 's close enough for government work .
Sometimes more drastic measures are needed , like the ones taken by city officials in Mountain View , California : they kicked an old lady named Loretta Pangrac out of her house , demolished it , and billed her almost $ 20,000 for their troubles .
Pangrac 's roof was in bad shape and she could n't afford to repair it , so the whole house was condemned as a dangerous " public nuisance " – even though Pangrac was the only member of the public actually endangered by it .
To recoup their self - imposed costs , city officials placed a lien against the property .
Even without the lien , it 's doubtful Pangrac could sell the vacant lot for enough to buy another house .
She suggested living in a trailer on her land , but of course that would violate city ordinances .
Laws against trailers are commonplace , since citizens living in trailers because they can afford no better tarnish the reputation of the Richest Nation on Earth and the municipalities therein .
When I was a kid , sitting through history classes and learning how lucky I was to live in a free country rather than some uptight dictatorship or constipated nanny state , I remember being especially offended by the monarchies of yore with their snobbish " sumptuary laws " .
What kind of government would tell me I can't wear purple because my ancestors were peasants rather than aristocrats ?
But old - time sumptuary laws forbidding poor people from living like their " betters " are still preferable to America 's modern version , requiring people to live like their " betters " whether they can afford to or not .
Housing codes were passed with good intentions – of course we do n't want people living in substandard housing – but what the enforcers do n't understand ( or refuse to admit ) is that for some people , the choice is n't between " good housing " and " bad housing " but " bad housing " or " no housing at all " .
Living in a house without a refrigerator is better than living in a refrigerator box , but America 's modern - day sumptuary laws wo n't let poor people like Christine Stevens make that choice for themselves .
About 100 copies of the first Superman comic remain in existence
Superman has soared back into the record books , reclaiming the title of the highest price paid for a comic .
A copy of the comic in which Superman made his debut was sold at a US auction for $ 1.5 m ( £ 995,500 ) - weeks after a Batman comic had fetched $ 1.075 m .
The June 1938 edition of Action Comics No 1 was sold originally for 10 cents .
It is the third time the record has been broken recently - a copy of the same Superman comic fetched $ 1 m just days before the Batman comic was sold .
But that copy of Superman 's first appearance was said to have been in worse condition than the more expensive comic .
The copy of Action Comics No 1 - of which 100 are said to still be in existence - was sold by auction house Comic Connect after being purchased from a private collector .
Comic Connect co-owner Stephen Fishler said it was bought by a " hardcore comic book fan " .
" There 's been a lot of attempts to acquire this book over the last 15 years , " he said .
" I can't imagine another book coming on the market that exists that would top this . "
When it comes to most things in life , there is n’t much of an advantage of being older except for one thing : experience .
When you live longer , you have more experiences , both good and bad .
When I was in high school , and even college , there were many things that I know now that I wish I ’d known back then .
Here ’s my top ten list of things that I wish I ’d known when I was a young musician .
Practicing is n’t a matter of how many hours you put in , but how many good hours you put in .
It ’s quality , not quantity .
Practicing intelligently is something that my best teachers instilled in me , and it ’s vital if you ’re going to survive in the professional world .
You do n’t always have months to prepare your repertoire , and after school is over other demands will fill in the open spaces , and being able to be efficient in your practicing will pay for itself many times over .
Trust me on this one .
Your body is also your instrument – learn how it works and take care of it .
I cannot stress this enough .
Every year I see high school aged musicians who are suffering from overuse injuries ( see # 1 above ) that might have been avoided with some basic knowledge of how the mechanics of playing their instrument affect their physical well - being .
A book of stretches is essential : daily stretching before practice and rehearsals can absolutely save your future career .
I recommend the classic book Stretching by Bob Anderson .
There are also such disciplines as the Feldenkrais Method or Alexander Technique that can help you become aware of your body and its motions that can be extremely helpful both before and after an injury happens .
Being professional is a 24 hour job .
When I was in school , we used to have a phrase that described this : The Conservatory Curse .
If you were talking trash about someone else ’s performance , chances are they were standing right behind you – no matter where you were .
What to do ?
Do n’t talk trash about or to other musicians .
You never know when or where you ’ll run into them again – they might be in a position to help your career later on when you least expect it , and chances are they wo n’t be in a charitable mood if you ’ve been rude to them .
I had a teacher who was at the very pinnacle of his profession who I never , ever heard utter an unkind word about anyone , either personally or professionally .
It ’s a standard that I strive to attain myself , and the old saw that one catches more flies with honey than vinegar is absolutely true .
Keep busy , and do a variety of things .
This was a hard one for me to learn .
When I joined the Oregon Symphony I was consumed by the demands of my first full - time professional job , but I also played chamber music , filled in with Third Angle New Music Ensemble , played recitals and concertos with various orchestras , and in general stayed busy and kept my workload varied .
Variety is the spice of life , they say , and it ’s very true in the musical world .
The main advantage of variety is that each different sort of music - making that you do will reinforce the other .
Playing in orchestra demands ensemble skills , which are reinforced by playing chamber music .
Solo playing demands the height of preparation and rigorous performance standards , which benefit all of your other playing , and so on .
In addition , do things outside of music .
I cycle , read , blog , and cook regularly , and this makes my life more balanced and enjoyable .
Sure , I still live for my music , but music is just a part of my life , not my entire life .
Respect your elders and those who have more experience than you do .
In music school there are various classes of musicians , but most often it boils down to two : those who can really play , and everyone else .
This is all well and good in school , where there is often an unhealthy obsession with competition .
In the real world , however , it ’s not always about who plays the most accurately .
That old guy in the back of the violins might not shred like you do , but he might have played under Copland or Stravinsky , and would have some great stories to tell .
He also , chances are , knows pretty much every standard work that an orchestra plays , and would have a wealth of information about bowings and fingerings to share should you hit it off .
Plus , it ’s just a matter of manners .
Be respectful to those who have gone before you .
This is a relatively rare thing to encounter these days , and if you adopt these manners , you will distinguish yourself from the crowd .
Be a sponge , not a faucet .
Most of the great musicians , artists , and people in the world have one thing in common : they are constantly learning from the world around them .
This is especially important for a young musician .
Every new concert , rehearsal , or gig is an opportunity to learn something .
You might have played the Dvorák cello concerto several times , but did you ever really pay attention to that second oboe part at the beginning of the second movement ?
It ’s cool , and wicked hard to pull off .
Listen to how good wind players phrase – try to emulate that if you ’re a string player or pianist .
Listen to how great singers phrase – everyone should try to aspire to that kind of phrasing .
As you learn more , resist the temptation to spew your advanced state of knowledge all over your colleagues .
You will quickly earn a reputation as a blow - hard , and no one will every take you seriously again .
Seriously .
Choose aspiration over competition .
It ’s easy to be competitive – sometimes it ’s even fun – but it can go too far .
It ’s easy to let it go to the dark side .
Resist that temptation .
You want to play more notes faster than the other guy .
Louder .
Higher .
Whatever .
Instead trying to tear someone down , look at what it is that they do that you like , and try to figure out how to integrate it into your own playing .
Listen to recordings of the great players or singers and try to figure out what they do that makes them unique .
YouTube is a boon , because there are all sorts of videos of artists new and old , and it is very possible to learn a lot from viewing them .
Good teachers take the time to point out great players that can be learned from , and often will loan a student recordings or videos , or even have their studio watch or listen to them as a group .
The main point is , make your quest to be better a positive thing .
There will always be someone better than you , and always someone less good , and it ’s something you should always keep in mind .
Diversify : learn about other art forms .
When I was in high school and college I was always interested in lots of stuff other than music .
I built models , took photographs , rode my bike , read tons of books .
Aside from the outside activities , it ’s also very valuable to learn about the other fine arts from the time periods of the music that you ’re working on .
When I was in undergrad at the University of Puget Sound , there was a lot of coursework outside of the music program , and writing was stressed through the entire curriculum .
My final senior paper was about Schoenberg and the Blaue Reiter Almanach , which took an entire semester to research and write , and coincided with a chamber group of mine doing Schoenberg ’s Transfigured Night .
I found that being exposed to the entirety of what Schoenberg ’s great artistic school was up to at that time very helpful in trying to figure out how to present the piece .
When listening to lieder , for example , you might want to read more of the poetry by the poet whose words are set by the composer .
Or you might want to take in a play related to a work you ’re performing , or that ’s contemporaneous to the work you ’re studying .
Music does n’t exist in a vacuum , it ’s part of a greater artistic and social movement , and so too should you .
Learn the business of music .
This can never begin too early .
If you do wedding or occasional gigs , learn to draft a contract to cover the eventualities of things going awry .
The musical portion of an event is often the last to be hired , and there is almost never time to get things staked out much in advance .
In addition , learn how to write a good , attractive resume .
Make sure that you know how to use online social media to your advantage : put up videos of your playing on YouTube ( but only if it ’s really good ) , set up a fan page on Facebook with photos and audio files , and set up a Twitter account related to your performing activities .
The possibilities are virtually limitless , and as the generation that is the first to be fully immersed in these new media formats , you have the power to make them work for you .
This is such an important arena that such formerly conservative institutions as Juilliard , Curtis and Eastman are adding curricula that address self - promotion and survival in this new media landscape .
Love what you do – and remember to nurture that love .
When you ’re young and just finding your way , your relationship with music is passionate and full of zest and ardor .
Over time , setbacks and the less positive side of the business ( and it is , ultimately , a business built on an art form ) can make one become lazy , jaded , and cynical .
It ’s easy to forget that you used to love the Beethoven Fifth Symphony after you ’ve played it a dozen times or more .
That ’s why it ’s so important to nurture the basic love for music and performing that you have right now .
Spend time regularly investing in that initial stock of love that you have for music , and it will sustain you over the long haul .
FAIL ( the browser should render some flash content , not this ) .
Codename Eurostar
The first in a series of films following a team of physicists involved in research at the new Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at CERN in Switzerland .
Gavin , Jon and Adam have a cunning plan to find the Higgs Boson , an elusive particle which physicists have been trying to find for over 40 years .
One of the main aims of the the LHC is to discover once and for all whether the Higgs actually exists or not , and ‘ Eurostar ’ might just hold the key to finding out …
Click here to watch Episode 2
Google fotografiert in Österreich Straßenzüge und veröffentlicht die Bilder im Internet .
Einem Pensionisten in Steyregg war das offenbar gar nicht recht - er bedrohte den Fahrer des Google - Autos .
Mit einer Spitzhacke hat in Steyregg ( Bezirk Urfahr - Umgebung ) ein 70 - Jähriger versucht , ein Google - Auto , das derzeit durch Oberösterreich tourt , zu verjagen .
Das berichteten die " Kronen Zeitung " und die Gratiszeitung " Heute " am Donnerstag .
Er habe sich eben nicht beim Garteln fotografieren lassen wollen , begründete der Pensionist bei der Polizei die Tat .
Die Beamten konnten den Streit zwischen dem Mann und dem Google - Fahrer schlichten .
Verletzt wurde niemand , auf eine Anzeige verzichtet .
Als der Pensionist das Auto entdeckte , forderte er den Fahrer auf , die Siedlung zu verlassen .
Weil der 70 - Jährige dabei eine Spitzhacke in der Hand hielt und seinen Forderungen damit Nachdruck verlieh , fühlte sich der 23 - jährige Student bedroht und rief die Polizei .
" Ich glaube , der Bub hat sich ein bissl g'schreckt " , so der wehrhafte Gärtner im Zeitungsinterview .
Laut Artikel wollen die Bewohner der Siedlung nun Unterschriften gegen die Google - Aktion sammeln .
Der Suchmaschinenanbieter schickt derzeit spezielle Kameraautos durch Österreich .
Sie fotografieren Straßenzüge , die dann im Google - Dienst Street View in einer 3D - Ansicht im Internet abrufbar sein sollen .
Datenschützer haben Bedenken geäußert .
In Europa gab es auch bereits mehrfach Proteste von Anrainern .
So wurde eines der Autos erst kürzlich in Deutschland schwer beschädigt und fahruntauglich gemacht : Unbekannte haben Kabelverbindungen durchtrennt und die Luft aus den Reifen gelassen .
( Ag. / Red . )
Hackerspaces are community - operated physical places , where people share their interest in tinkering with technology , meet and work on their projects , and learn from each other .
hackerspaces.org is an informal volunteer network of such spaces , maintaining community services - including a wiki for everyone who wants to share their hackerspace stories and questions , mailing lists , XMPP services , a blog and a feed aggregator , and many others .
From around the world , hackers meet on the Freenode IRC channel #hackerspaces .
The kings of presidential comedy were reunited last weekend  with a little nudge from the chairwoman of the Congressional Oversight Panel .
Five former presidential impersonators from “ Saturday Night Live ” joined Jim Carrey and the show ’s current mock president , Fred Armisen , in a White House bedroom set for a sketch that immediately achieved viral video fame .
The experience , Mr. Armisen said , felt like “ walking into my television set . ”
The first - of - its - kind reunion happened not on the show , but on Funny or Die , the popular comedy Web site ( funnyordie.com ) .
It was meant to promote financial reforms , and was partly the product of a conversation between the director Ron Howard and Elizabeth Warren , the chairwoman of the oversight panel .
She had said to Mr. Howard that the government must do more to curb troublesome banking and lending practices .
“ I said I would try to get together with a few people who might be able to get the word out , ” Mr. Howard said in a telephone interview Friday .
The timeout sometimes fails to stop the IO , causing the program to hang .
If the copy takes too long , it sometimes gives up before the end of the file .
If the block size is too small it takes forever , if it is too large it drops large parts of the file .
{-# LANGUAGE ScopedTypeVariables #-}
import Data.ByteString( hGet , hPut )
import System .IO
import System .
Environment
import Control .
Monad
import Control .
Exception
src = " file on dodgy drive ( source ) "
dest = " file on safe drive ( destination ) "
main :: IO ()
main =
withBinaryFile src ReadMode $ \hSrc ->
withBinaryFile dest WriteMode $ \hDest -> do
n Src nDest when ( nSrc /= n Dest ) $ hSetFileSize hDest nSrc
copy hSrc hDest $ split start ( 0,nSrc )
copy :: Handle -> Handle -> [ ( Integer , Integer ) ] -> IO ()
copy hSrc hDest [ ] = return ()
copy hSrc hDest chunks = do
putStrLn $ " Copying " ++ show ( length chunks ) ++ " of at most " ++ show ( snd $ head chunks )
chunks <- forM chunks $ \ ( from , len ) -> do
res <- Control.Exception.try $ do
h Seek hSrc AbsoluteSeek from
h Seek hDest AbsoluteSeek from
bs <- hGet hSrc $ fromIntegral len
h Put hDest bs
case res of
Left ( a :: IOException ) -> do putChar ' # ' ; return $ split ( len `div` 5 ) ( from , len )
Right _ -> do putChar '.' ; return [ ]
putChar '
'
copy hSrc hDest $ concat chunks
start = 10000000
stop = 1000
split :: Integer -> ( Integer , Integer ) -> [ ( Integer , Integer ) ]
split i ( a , b ) | i < stop = [ ]
| i >= b = [ ( a , b ) ]
| otherwise = ( a , i ) : split i ( a+i , b-i )
Haskell has long been my favoured scripting language , and in this post I thought I 'd share one of my more IO heavy scripts .
I have an external hard drive , that due to regular dropping , is somewhat unreliable .
I have a 1 Gb file on this drive , which I 'd like to copy , but is partly corrupted .
I 'd like to copy as much as I can .
In the past I 've used JFileRecovery , which I thoroughly recommend .
The basic algorithm is that it copies the file in chunks , and if a chunk copy exceeds a timeout it is discarded .
It has a nice graphical interface , and some basic control over timeout and block sizes .
Unfortunately , JFileRecovery did n't work for this file - it has three basic problems :
To recover my file I needed something better , so wrote a quick script in Haskell .
The basic algorithm is to copy the the file in 10 Mb chunks .
If any chunk fails to copy , I split the chunk and retry it after all other pending chunks .
The result is that the file is complete after the first pass , but the program then goes back and recovers more information where it can .
I can terminate the program at any point with a working file , but waiting longer will probably recover more of the file .
I have included the script at the bottom of this post .
I ran this script from GHCi , but am not going to turn it in to a proper program .
If someone does wish to build on this script please do so ( I hereby place this code in the public domain , or if that is not possible then under thelicenses ) .
The script took about 15 minutes to write , and makes use of exceptions and file handles - not the kind of program traditionally associated with Haskell .
A lot of hard work has been spent polishing the GHC runtime , and the Haskell libraries ( bytestring , exceptions ) .
Now this work has been done , slotting together reasonably complex scripts is simple .
There are many limitations in this code , but it was sufficient to recover my file quickly and accurately .
It ’s mildly batty to search for radio signals , sent intentionally or not , from what may be a very advanced civilization , he writes , because even Earth ’s own radio output is already beginning to fade .
Radio signals are outdated technology , nearly as sun-bleached as an old issue of Omni magazine .
( E. T. surely has cable by now . )
And because even a nearby alien civilization would probably be some 1,000 light - years away , conversation is just about impossible .
Even if this distant civilization could spy on us , here ’s what they ’d see right now : Earth about 1010 , long before the Industrial Revolution .
Image Paul Davies Credit ...
Dave Tevis / Tevis Photographic
Mr. Davies ’s arguments in “ The Eerie Silence ” are multiple and many - angled , and difficult to summarize here .
But among other things , he thinks we need to pay as much attention to Earth as we do to the cosmos .
If we can find evidence that life began from scratch more than once on our own planet  a “ second genesis ”  it would vastly increase the odds that the universe is teeming with life .
What ’s more , because it ’s as likely that alien civilizations visited Earth a million years ago as last month , they might have already been here , and we ’ve missed the signs .
When we do look up at the stars , we should squint hard at things that , in Mr. Davies ’s words , “ look fishy ” or out of context .
In other words , we should try to “ identify signatures of intelligence through the impact that alien technology makes on the astronomical environment . ”
Should aliens actually arrive on Earth , forget the whole “ take me to your leader ” business .
Looking at the future of human intelligence , Mr. Davies projects and argues that alien life would probably be postbiological .
“ In a million years , if humanity is n’t wiped out before that , biological intelligence will be viewed as merely the midwife of ‘ real ’ intelligence  the powerful , scalable , adaptable , immortal sort that is characteristic of the machine realm . ”
By the same token , he adds , “ Should we ever make contact with E. T. , we would not be communicating with Mekon - like humanoids , but with a vastly superior , purpose - designed information - processing system . ”
It ’s not that far - fetched , Mr. Davies writes , that E. T. will log on to the Internet .
Take me to your WiFi hot spot .
The best sections of “ The Eerie Silence ” are those that deal with the effect a signal from another civilization would have on humans .
About this signal , Mr. Davies asks , “ How and by whom would it be evaluated ? ” and “ How would the public get to learn about it ? ” ( From TMZ or WikiLeaks , would n’t you think ? )
Thank you for visiting Pearson today .
We would like your opinions on how we can make your website experience better .
When you have completed your visit please take a few minutes to provide your feedback .
Everyone who completes a survey will be entered into a prize draw for a chance to win one ( 1 ) of 10 Amazon Gift Cards given away every quarter !
SEC and Pornography : Workers Spent Hours on Porn Sites Instead of Stopping Fraud Gov't report finds SEC employees spent hours surfing porn websites at work .
April 22 , 2010  --
On a day when President Obama argued for more government regulation over the financial industry , a new government report reveals that some high - level regulators have spent more time looking at porn than policing Wall Street .
The Securities and Exchange Commission is supposed to be the sheriff of the financial industry , looking for financial crimes like Bernard Madoff 's Ponzi scheme .
But the new report , obtained by ABC News , says senior employees of the SEC spent hours on the commission 's computers looking at sites like naughty.com , skankwire , youporn , and others .
The investigation , which was conducted by the SEC 's internal watchdog at the request of Sen.
Chuck Grassley , R - Iowa , found 31 serious offenders over the past two and a half years .
Seventeen of the offenders were senior SEC officers with salaries ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 222,000 per year .
Eight Hours a Day Spent on Porn Sites
One senior attorney at SEC headquarters in Washington spent up to eight hours a day accessing Internet porn .
When he filled all the space on his government computer with pornographic images , he downloaded more to CDs and DVDs that accumulated in boxes in his offices .
An SEC accountant attempted to access porn websites 1,800 times in a two - week period and had 600 pornographic images on her computer hard drive .
Another SEC accountant attempted to access porn sites 16,000 times in a single month .
In one case , the report said , an employee tried hundreds of times to access pornographic sites and was denied access .
When he used a flash drive , he successfully bypassed the filter to visit a " significant number " of porn sites .
The employee also said he deliberately disabled a filter in Google to access inappropriate sites .
After management informed him that he would lose his job , the employee resigned .
A similar SEC report for October 2008 to March 2009 said that a regional supervisor in Los Angeles accessed and attempted to access pornographic and sexually explicit Web sites up to twice a day from his SEC computer during work hours .
Porn Problem Began as Economy Collapsed
Ironically , the report says most of these cases began in 2008 , just as the financial system began to collapse .
The same SEC officers who should have been safeguarding the economy were instead spending their working hours surfing the Internet for pornography , and the problem has n't stopped .
The most recent case cited in the report is from just four weeks ago .
ABC 's Ki Mae Heussner contributed to this report .
COPPER MOUNTAIN —
The village was built and is owned by another company .
The condos are developed and sold .
The ski hill is an island in a state dominated by the biggest resort companies in the country .
The mountain must battle an ingrained season - pass war that has prices hovering at 1970 levels .
So what compelled Utah ’s Powdr Corp. to spend $ 107 million for Copper Mountain ?
“ This is the most competitive ski market in the world , but it ’s also the best skiing in the world , and you take the good with the bad , ” said John Cumming , the 42 - year - old skiing chieftain of Powdr , which added Copper to its now eight - resort stable in December .
The vowel - challenged Powdr has quietly become a growing force in the nation ’s ski industry , accumulating in the last 15 years a diverse collection of ski areas in every skiable region of the country .
Its purchase of Copper from a debt - choked Intrawest marked its first push into Colorado .
The deal included 463,000 square feet of developed commercial space and 426 acres of vacant and improved land , totaling 73 parcels .
It did n’t include a large swath of Copper ’s village , which Intrawest sold to Florida real - estate investment trust CNL Income Properties in 2004 .
“ Not our core business ”
While Copper has several entitlements to develop empty land , Powdr is not pondering a big real - estate play .
“ That ’s not our core business .
It ’s definitely not our skill set to be developers , ” Cumming said .
“ We know the real estate here is very valuable , and over time , we will do what we can to make sure it is developed in a way that accentuates the skiing . ”
That skiing - first strategy finds Powdr still standing in the current economic downturn .
While the collapse of the vacation real - estate market has hobbled resort - development companies such as Intrawest , which is shedding properties to pay down the debt of its hedge - fund parent , Powdr is spending .
A decade ago , as skyrocketing resort - home values and demand fueled a village - building binge , Powdr was easily overlooked .
It had ski-only hills like Alpine Meadows , Boreal and Soda Springs in California .
It picked up Oregon ’s Mount Bachelor in 2001 and the Las Vegas Ski & Snowboard Resort in 2003 .
Powdr has kept pumping money into on - mountain upgrades at its Utah home base and flagship Park City Mountain Resort .
Today , that approach makes Powdr look particularly sage .
And it ’s winning early fans at Copper .
“ Powdr seems to be more of a resort operator than a developer , and that is refreshing .
Intrawest was so focused on making money from development , ” said longtime Copper resident Tom Malmgren , owner of Carbonate Real Estate .
Powdr was founded in 1994 by Ian Cumming , a Utah entrepreneur who climbed to the Forbes 400 list by buying distressed properties .
John Cumming shares both his father ’s eye for a good deal and his notorious aversion to the media .
He declined to be photographed , saying : “ I do n’t really have any need to have anybody have a clue who Powdr is .
It does n’t serve our purpose for me to be a recognizable figure . ”
Cumming has a fiery devotion to the outdoors .
He co-founded the expedition - quality clothing and gear company Mountain Hardware and , before becoming a resort executive , he traveled the globe climbing big mountains as a guide for venerable Rainier Mountaineering .
He ’s been skiing at Copper since he attended the University of Colorado in the late 1980s , where he majored in French .
After only a few months studying Copper , he is n’t ready to discuss specific plans for upgrades or overhauls , but Cumming said he never had plans for big changes .
Whatever happens , he said , will make the skiing at Copper better .
Emphasis on skiing
Polishing the ski experience is part of what he calls his “ investment in the mountain lifestyle . ”
“ It absolutely enhances human beings being in the hills , especially in the wintertime , ” said Cumming , who lives in Park City .
“ It ’s idealistic as can be , but it ’s true .
It ’s where my passion lies .
I became me in the mountains , my family grew up in the mountains together and my children are growing up in the mountains . ”
Skiing has played a formative role in Cumming ’s life , and it is ingrained in Powdr .
The company ’s chief operating officer , Herwig Demschar , was alpine director for the Salt Lake Olympics and a former coach of the U.S. women ’s alpine team .
Cumming ’s wife , Kristi Terzian Cumming , is a former Olympic racer .
Replacing the corporate vibe with a skiing vibe is good for Copper , said 14 - year Copper resident Frank Inserra .
“ Intrawest came in and got rid of the local mom-and - pop stores and restaurants and brought in their own .
They built fast and furious , and it lowered everyone ’s property values , ” Inserra said .
“ These new guys are skiers .
They are going to turn us back to Copper ’s roots , which are all about a great ski hill . ”
Jason Blevins : 303-954-1374 or jblevins@denverpost.com
This hideous little piece of class warfare is supposedly making the rounds on Wall Street today .
Its Us - Vs - Them theme is sickening .
The lobbies of JPMorgan and several other banks were flooded with protesters downtown yesterday , I ’m guessing that this was written by a frustrated Wall Streeter in response to the populist uprising .
Here goes :
“ We are Wall Street .
It ’s our job to make money .
Whether it ’s a commodity , stock , bond , or some hypothetical piece of fake paper , it does n’t matter .
We would trade baseball cards if it were profitable .
I did n’t hear America complaining when the market was roaring to 14,000 and everyone ’s 401k doubled every 3 years .
Just like gambling , its not a problem until you lose .
I ’ve never heard of anyone going to Gamblers Anonymous because they won too much in Vegas .
Well now the market crapped out , & even though it has come back somewhat , the government and the average Joes are still looking for a scapegoat .
God knows there has to be one for everything .
Well , here we are .
Go ahead and continue to take us down , but you ’re only going to hurt yourselves .
What ’s going to happen when we can’t find jobs on the Street anymore ?
Guess what :
We ’re going to take yours .
We get up at 5 am & work till 10 pm or later .
We ’re used to not getting up to pee when we have a position .
We do n’t take an hour or more for a lunch break .
We do n’t demand a union .
We do n’t retire at 50 with a pension .
We eat what we kill , and when the only thing left to eat is on your dinner plates , we ’ll eat that .
For years teachers and other unionized labor have had us fooled .
We were too busy working to notice .
Do you really think that we are incapable of teaching 3rd graders and doing landscaping ?
We ’re going to take your cushy jobs with tenure and 4 months off a year and whine just like you that we are so - o - o- o underpaid for building the youth of America .
Say goodbye to your overtime and double time and a half .
I ’ll be hitting grounders to the high school baseball team for $ 5 k extra a summer , thank you very much .
So now that we ’re going to be making $ 85 k a year without upside , Joe Mainstreet is going to have his revenge , right ?
Wrong !
Guess what : we ’re going to stop buying the new 80 k car , we are n’t going to leave the 35 percent tip at our business dinners anymore .
No more free rides on our backs .
We ’re going to landscape our own back yards , wash our cars with a garden hose in our driveways .
Our money was your money .
You spent it .
When our money dries up , so does yours .
The difference is , you lived off of it , we rejoiced in it .
The Obama administration and the Democratic National Committee might get their way and knock us off the top of the pyramid , but it ’s really going to hurt like hell for them when our fat a** es land directly on the middle class of America and knock them to the bottom .
We are n’t dinosaurs .
We are smarter and more vicious than that , and we are going to survive .
The question is , now that Obama & his administration are making Joe Mainstreet our food supply … will he ?
and will they ? ”
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa ( WOMENSENEWS )
–Bernadette Chipembere singlehandedly uncovered corruption and forced government officials to return land unjustly taken from widows and orphans in the sugar cane growing area of southeastern Zimbabwe , where she serves on the town council .
Last week she won the judges ’ special commendation at the conclusion of what is hoped to become an annual gathering here of gender justice advocates and government officeholders from throughout southern Africa .
Gender Links , a nongovernmental organization based in Johannesburg , planned the summit with the financial help of donors and partners .
The group expected about 120 delegates ; 273 showed up .
At the awards ceremony , Gender Links founder Colleen Lowe Morna introduced other Zimbabweans she called her " two mothers . "
They represent different political parties but work together on women ’s issues in their village .
Neither had been out of the country before , and they secured their first passports to attend .
As other winners ’ names were called out during the ceremony , participants hugged , chanted , high - fived and clapped .
Winners danced up to the stage to receive their honors , some wrapped in their national flags .
Morna encouraged everyone to dance after the last award was handed out , declaring , " You ’re all winners . "
The three - day convention drew women and men who presented practical strategies and programs that have improved women ’s influence , safety , housing and education .
Delegates came from 10 southern Africa countries , clad in everything from business suits to red conference T - shirts and jeans to native dress .
The Southern Africa Development Council has set a deadline of 2015 for all its member countries to " enact and enforce legislation prohibiting all forms of gender - based violence " and to provide legal , medical and counseling services to victims .
The matter is urgent .
The worries of sex workers flooding South Africa during the World Cup , which starts on June 11 , are rampant .
Rape is common and many of the assailants are HIV - positive .
Highest Rates of Reported Rape
The Medical Resource Council , based in Pretoria , South Africa , summarized its research findings in a report last June , saying : " South Africa has one of the highest rates of rape reported to the police in the world and the largest number of people living with HIV .
The rate of rape perpetration is not known because only a small proportion of rapes are reported to the police . "
The 10 countries with representatives at the meeting : Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Mauritius Namibia Seychelles South Africa Swaziland Zambia Zimbabwe
Fiona Nicholson , director of the Thohoyandou Victim Empowerment Program , a 24 - 7 treatment and advocacy center in the northeastern part of South Africa , said while the nation ’s constitution and policies are wonderful in writing , bureaucratic delays interfere with such crucial matters as promptly getting anti-retroviral medicines to girls and women who have been raped .
" It makes no sense , " she said .
Dozens of women , including some at the meeting , said it is difficult , but not impossible , to change ingrained assumptions about women ’s traditional roles within tribes and ethnicities .
Although President Jacob Zuma has appointed competent women to his cabinet , many South Africans find it embarrassing to have a leader with three current wives , a fiancee , one ex-spouse and 20 children , the latest from having unprotected sex with a much - younger woman .
Zuma , whose supporters contend polygamy is integral to Zulu culture , has spoken out against sexual violence .
In a speech last December , marking the end of the United Nations - created 16 Days of Activism on No Violence Against Women and Children , he emphasized the country ’s progressive laws and endorsed the idea of summit participants that the effort should be expanded to 365 days .
Activists at the summit said they are ready to hold policymakers accountable and to systematically examine gaps and deficiencies in national plans to curb sexual violence .
In 2008 , the U.N. launched the UNiTE to End Violence campaign , which the African Union endorsed in January of this year .
9 Countries Have Adopted Plans
Nine southern African countries have adopted plans to combat gender violence .
Case studies of the South Africa , Botswana and Mauritius plans were presented at the summit .
Things sounded so rosy in the small island nation of Mauritius–located in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa–that delegates from larger countries wondered how they could emulate its success .
Mauritius provides sensitive police handling of sexual abuse victims , safe places and free legal counsel to survivors of sexual violence and sex workers .
Residents of the island are Muslim , Hindu and Christian .
A recent initiative in the country focused on preventing young men from committing sexual violence .
The Mauritius delegates , all from government , praised their country ’s president and prime minister for their efforts .
Erica Jones , director of rural local authorities for Zimbabwe , said she feels better about the efforts in her country after the three - day summit : " We are far ahead , " she said .
Jones has a master ’s degree in social science and has worked in government for 33 years , through war , independence and the coalition government of 2008 , which she contended has calmed matters considerably .
Years of groundwork preceded this event , Susan Tolmay , director of gender and governance at Gender Links , told Women ’s eNews .
When the idea of adding gender issues to public agendas is broached , local officials often retort that their business concerns roads , water and security .
Even when quotas for women ’s representation exist , researchers observe that men condescend to women in meetings , that sessions are held at inconvenient times for many women ( such as 5 p.m. , when women are expected to be cooking dinner and caring for children after their day jobs ) or that women ’s ideas for cleaning the water or better waste management are ignored , not to mention their direct experience confronting sexual assault .
At the summit , however , men and women stood together to discuss political representation , ways to curb sexual violence and practical steps that can really help , such as installing better street lighting .
Nancy Day is chair of the journalism department at Columbia College Chicago and a freelance writer .
She covered the summit during her sabbatical in South Africa .
For more information :
Gender Links
http://www.genderlinks.org.za
UNiTE to End Violence Against Women
http://www.saynotoviolence.org
Thohoyandou Victim Empowerment Programme
http://www.tvep.org.za
A marriage guidance counsellor 's bid to challenge in the courts his sacking for refusing to give sex therapy to homosexuals led to a serious clash between Christians and the judiciary today .
In a powerful dismissal of the application to appeal , Lord Justice Laws said legislation for the protection of views held purely on religious grounds cannot be justified .
He said it was an irrational idea , " but it is also divisive , capricious and arbitrary . "
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey had sent a statement to a judge hearing an application to appeal by Gary McFarlane .
The senior church figure called for a specially - constituted panel of judges with a " proven sensitivity and understanding of religious issues " to hear the case .
Lord Carey said recent decisions involving Christians by the courts had used " dangerous " reasoning and this could lead to civil unrest .
The judge 's ruling continued : " We do not live in a society where all the people share uniform religious beliefs .
" The precepts of any one religion - any belief system - cannot , by force of their religious origins , sound any louder in the general law than the precepts of any other .
" If they did , those out in the cold would be less than citizens , and our constitution would be on the way to a theocracy , which is of necessity autocratic .
" The law of a theocracy is dictated without option to the people , not made by their judges and governments .
" The individual conscience is free to accept such dictated law , but the State , if its people are to be free , has the burdensome duty of thinking for itself . "
Lord Justice Laws quoted extensively from Lord Carey 's statement when he gave his ruling on the application made on April 15 .
He said Mr McFarlane 's case was supported by the former archbishop and he said it was right that he should address what he says because of his seniority in the Church " and the extent to which others may agree with his views , and because of the misunderstanding of the law which his statement reveals " .
Lord Carey began with his call for a special court to hear such cases , headed by the Lord Chief Justice , and said he disputed that the manifestation of the Christian faith in relation to same sex unions was discriminatory .
Mr McFarlane , 48 , from Bristol , wanted permission to appeal against an Employment Appeal Tribunal ruling which supported his sacking by Relate Avon in 2008 .
The father of two , who had worked for the national counselling service since 2003 , had alleged unfair dismissal on the grounds of religious discrimination .
Lord Carey said : " The description of religious faith in relation to sexual ethics as ' discriminatory ' is crude and illuminates a lack of sensitivity to religious belief . "
He added : " The comparison of a Christian , in effect , with a ' bigot '( i.e. a person with an irrational dislike to homosexuals ) begs further questions .
It is further evidence of a disparaging attitude to the Christian faith and its values . "
Lord Carey and other Christian leaders began expressing concerns after Lord Neuberger , who as Master of the Rolls is head of the civil Court of Appeal , ruled in December last year that Lillian Ladele , a Christian registrar , was breaking discrimination laws by refusing to conduct civil partnership ceremonies .
Referring to that case , Lord Carey said in the statement : " It is , of course , but a short step from the dismissal of a sincere Christian from employment to a religious bar to any employment by Christians .
" I believe that further judicial decisions are likely to end up at this point and this is why I believe it is necessary to intervene now . "
He said the fact that senior clerics of the Church of England and other faiths felt compelled to intervene directly in judicial decisions and cases " is illuminative of a future civil unrest " .
But Lord Justice Laws said Lord Carey 's views were " misplaced " and judges had never likened Christians to bigots , or sought to equate condemnation by some Christians of homosexuality with homophobia .
He said it was possible that Lord Carey 's " mistaken suggestions " arose from a misunderstanding of the law on discrimination .
As to Lord Carey 's concerns over a lack of sensitivity on the part of the judiciary , Lord Justice Laws said this appeared to be an argument that the courts ought to be more sympathetic to the substance of Christian beliefs and be ready to uphold and defend them .
The judge said : " In a free constitution such as ours there is an important distinction to be drawn between the law 's protection of the right to hold and express a belief and the law 's protection of that belief 's substance or content . "
He said the Judaeo - Christian tradition had exerted a " profound influence " on the judgment of lawmakers .
" But the conferment of any legal protection of preference upon a particular substantive moral position on the ground only that it is espoused by the adherents of a particular faith , however long its tradition , however long its culture , is deeply unprincipled . "
He said this would mean that laws would be imposed not to advance the general good on objective grounds but to give effect to the force of subjective opinion since faith , other than to the believer , was subjective .
" It may of course be true ; but the ascertainment of such a truth lies beyond the means by which laws are made in a reasonable society
" Therefore it lies only in the heart of the believer , who is alone bound by it .
No -one else is or can be so bound , unless by his own free choice he accepts its claims . "
Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society , said : " This is the right outcome for this case .
The law must be clear that anti-discrimination laws exist to protect people , not beliefs .
" The right to follow a religious belief is a qualified right and it must not be used to legitimise discrimination against gay people who are legally entitled to protection against bigotry and persecution .
" Fundamentalists are mounting one challenge after another in courts and employment tribunals .
They are trying hard to undermine the laws that protect gay people from discrimination .
They are seeking to create a hierarchy of rights that places Christian dogma over the rights of people to fair treatment .
They must not be allowed to succeed . "
Lord Carey 's comments that there will be civil unrest over such discrimination cases was " dangerous nonsense " , said Mr Sanderson .
Andrea Williams , director of the Christian Legal Centre , said : " The notion that the Bible 's teaching , of particular focus in this case on sex and marriage , is ' necessarily subjective being incommunicable by any kind of proof or evidence ' , is highly contentious to say the least .
" To put the reasonably held beliefs of Christians into such a category is alarming and in effect seeks to rule out Christian principles of morality from the public square .
" Mr Mcfarlane simply wanted his religious beliefs to be accommodated by his employer , which , in the specific facts of the case , was not unreasonable .
" It seems that a religious bar to office has been created , whereby a Christian who wishes to act on their Christian beliefs on marriage will no longer be able to work in a great number of environments .
" At the Christian Legal Centre we will continue to fight for people who find themselves suffering as a result of these kinds of judgments until the law once again recognises the public manifestation of faith within a free and civilised society . "
Derek Munn , a director at gay pressure group Stonewall , said : " You ca n't refuse a service to a person based on their gender , race or disability , and you can't on the basis of their sexual orientation either .
Her political future may be questionable , but with each public fracas , tea party keynote , and overseas speech , Sarah Palin 's fortune is growing .
From her book deal to her Fox News commentator gig , Palin is raking in payments that make it hard to remember the time when she earned a mere $ 125,000 a year as governor of Alaska .
The Associated Press calculated that her total assets for 2007 totaled $ 1.2 million .
That was based on $ 230,000 in joint income , including Todd Palin 's snowmobile winnings and the state oil royalties that the Palins , like all Alaskans , receive each year , plus a primary residence worth half a million , two vacation homes , and multiple watercraft .
If those assets did n't already classify her as one of the " elites " she makes her living deriding , her post - gubernatorial income certainly does .
Palin 's lawyer declined to comment and exact figures are nowhere to be found , but we 've taken a stab at estimating the numbers .
Palin 's earnings can be broken down into three categories , some more quantifiable than others :
1. $ 1.25 million to $ 7 million for Going Rogue .
Palin 's memoir , in its twelfth week on the New York Times bestseller list , has dominated sales since its November release by Harper Collins .
She acknowledged pocketing a $ 1.25 million advance sum in a financial disclosure forms while still in office , though industry insiders estimate the total payment was much higher , up to $ 7 million .
If the book earns enough royalties to pay back her advance , she will reap additional ongoing payments .
Geheimes Bordkamera - Video US - Helikopter feuerten auf Zivilisten in Bagdad
" Hübsch , gut geschossen " : Ein neu aufgetauchtes Video stürzt die US - Armee in Erklärungsnöte .
Es zeigt , wie zwei Kampfhubschrauber 2007 im Irak eine Gruppe von Zivilisten angreifen und töten - ohne sichtbare Provokation .
Während der Attacke machten die Piloten zynische Witze über ihre Opfer .
Former Texas
Tech football coach Mike Leach is seen yelling at his team -- including threatening the living situation of players -- in two postgame locker room videos released Thursday .
The videos , from the 2009 season , were obtained by Orangebloods.com under the Texas Open Records Act .
In them , Leach calls one group of players " God squad guys " and tells others " you 're going to live somewhere else . "
The unedited , expletive - filled videos were taken by a Texas Tech film crew inside the postgame locker room .
After a 20 - 13 victory over Baylor on Nov. 28 , 2009 , Leach is seen criticizing his players and ripping into them for thinking a close loss to Texas was acceptable .
" There 's a couple of you guys that your current living situation is going to change , " Leach says .
" We 've got several of you , particularly on offense , all you do is pull mediocrity out of one another .
Well , you 're going to live somewhere else .
Last time I checked , we 're paying the [ expletive ] bills . "
After a 42 - 21 victory over Kansas on Oct. 31 , 2009 , Leach questions a group of players and calls them " God squad guys . "
Mar 9 , 2010 , 12:25 am ET
Unintended Acceleration : Police chase down runaway Prius [ updated + video ]
The California Highway Patrol has confirmed its officers helped bring to a stop a runaway Toyota Prius exhibiting unintended acceleration Monday afternoon .
The incident took place around 2:00 p.m. , a CHP spokesman told Leftlane .
Law enforcement involvement in the near - catastrophe began when a driver reported to the CHP that his blue Toyota Prius was accelerating uncontrollably and he was unable to turn off the vehicle or shift into neutral .
The driver reportedly traveled at speeds over 90 miles per hour while covering approximately 30 miles , according to new details .
At 2:03 p.m. , PST , CHP reported a blue Toyota Prius traveling east - bound on the 8 freeway in San Diego while passing Los Coches road .
The driver continued at full - throttle for approximately 30 miles up into the mountains leading out to El Centro , and away from the city 's center .
This incident began roughly 5 miles from the tragic accident involving a Lexus ES350 with a stuck accelerator that claimed the lives of CHP officer Mark Saylor and three of his family members late last year .
( Story Continues Below Video )
San Diego local news station CW 6 reported that radio traffic acknowledged the driver was unable to turn the engine off or shift the vehicle into neutral .
CHP reportedly considered utilizing a spike strip in order to stop the vehicle , but decided not to in the event that it could cause the driver to further lose control of the vehicle due to the high rate of speed .
The driver of the Prius said during an interview with NBC San Diego that he was traveling on the 8 East freeway when the vehicle seemed to begin accelerating on its own - reaching speeds over 90 mph .
The driver , James Sikes , 61 , said he called 911 and tried to drive while holding the phone but it was too difficult , forcing him to drop the phone and attempt to regain control of the vehicle by his own methods .
A CHP officer eventually caught up to Sikes and using his loudspeaker directed Sikes to utilize the parking brake in combination with the normal brake and eventually got the vehicle under control , and turned off .
When the vehicles finally came to a stop the Prius was apparently traveling up a steep grade , which a CHP officer believed aided in the vehicle coming to a stop .
" They also got it going on a steep upgrade , " said Officer Jesse Udovich .
" Between those three things , they got it to slow down . "
" I was on the brakes pretty healthy , " Sikes said .
" It was n't stopping , it was n't doing anything to it , and just kept speeding up , kept going , and I called 911 right away , and they were trying to tell me what to do , but I could n't hold the phone and the steering wheel properly at the same time , so I just kept trying my methods , dropped the phone and it just kept going faster .
I just stayed on the brakes as much as I could until finally they started smelling really bad and I had metal sounds coming in the car . "
Leftlane spoke with CHP officer Brian Pennings who confirmed the early report .
Early reports incorrectly suggested the CHP used a Crown Victoria patrol car to pull in front of the Prius and brake to a stop - but new details suggest the contact was only made once the Prius was at a halt .
" The vehicles did not touch until after they came to a stop , " Pennings said .
Sikes also told reporters that he had visited Toyota of El Cajon - a nearby dealership - but was told his vehicle was not included in the recent recalls and no services were performed .
No one was injured , and Toyota says it has already dispatched investigators to examine the vehicle .
Attached is a map that indicates the reported route traveled by the vehicle .
View Larger Map
In early March Stuart Jarvis wrote an article published here on the Dot which announced the winners of the poll results for suitable KDE software labels .
Since then work has begun on coming up with suitable logos for these labels .
This work is still underway and in need of volunteers if you have time and artistic skills .
More recently I stumbled on to some real world examples of developers whom this might affect and thought it would be interesting to interview them and get their thoughts on these new labels and find out whether they might incorporate them into their project 's identity .
What follows is a short Q&A with Philip Lee , the developer of an open source beer recipe tool called Brewtarget .
Philip is currently studying at Northwestern University for a PHD in Electrical Engineering and does software development in his spare time .
His project , Brewtarget , allows you to specify all of the ingredients you wish to use as well as the processes you are going to follow while brewing your batch of beer .
It can then provide a host of useful calculations and information based on the recipe you enter and allows you to save them for future reference .
It can even import recipes from closed source beer recipe software such as BeerSmith thanks to its use of the BeerXML standard .
Brewtarget utilizes KDE technologies such as Qt and Phonon and is available for Linux , Mac , and Windows .
The application can be downloaded at this page .
Justin : First , can you tell me a little about how you got started on the idea of writing this application ?
And what caused you to choose Qt and Phonon as critical components over other options ?
Philip :
Well , I was using QBrew , which used Qt when I first got into brewing a few years ago .
However , it was lacking a whole lot features and it has n't been updated in years .
I started formulating my recipes by hand doing some linear algebra and stuff for a couple of years .
While I was at home over Christmas break in 2008 , to keep me busy I decided to write the backend for what would become Brewtarget .
I found a spec document online for BeerXML , which is a standard for all the ingredients and whatnot .
Since the well - known non-free windows software Beersmith uses BeerXML , I figured this would be a good idea since people could easily transfer all their recipes to my software .
I finished the back end in a week or so .
Then , I started looking for GUI libraries .
I tried a lot of stuff : FLK , GTK , Qt , etc .
I frankly found Qt to be the best - documented and easiest to program with .
I got a prototype up within a day or two , and just kept learning Qt as I developed .
It also helped immensely that Qt contained XML parsing stuff .
As for Phonon , it 's a fairly recent addition .
I wanted some timers in the program to be able to play sounds , so I started searching around the documentation and found Phonon could do it easily .
However , I think that it 's currently impossible to use Phonon in Windows .
The windows version currently does n't use Phonon since it can't be built in Windows .
I 'm not really sure how to fix this problem .
I guess I might have to figure out DirectSound or something ... do n't really know .
Justin :
Do you have any immediate plans for the future of Brewtarget 's development as far as new features go ?
Philip : I 'm developing some better mashing tools that should give more complete control over the process .
Also , I am going to separate the concept of " recipe " from " batch " so that multiple batches can be attached to a recipe .
Being able to put the actual numbers you achieved in the batch will then enable the software to make suggestions to you based on your past performance of what you might be doing wrong and how to tweak the numbers in your particular equipment set up to better match the calculated values to the actual ones .
Also , I plan to incorporate water chemistry calculations at some point .
Justin : I often find that all the recipe sharing that goes on in the home brewing community brings it very close to the same environment as open source software .
Do you think commercial breweries stand to gain ( or lose ) anything from choosing to keep a recipe secret versus sharing it with the home brewing community ?
Philip : I think most breweries would n't lose anything from open sourcing a recipe .
First of all , there are plenty of good clones for many of the popular beers .
Really , any person with a good palate and knowledge of techniques can " reverse engineer " most any recipe , just like restaurant food .
Second , somewhere in " Brew Like a Monk , " one Trappist said something to the effect that you can easily harvest their yeast from the bottle and there is nothing hidden about their recipe , but they are still thriving from beer sales because of the quality associated with them .
Justin : Considering the new labels we 're working on for KDE applications which would you say fits your project best and why ?
Philip : I suppose " Built on the KDE Platform " is most appropriate since I am using its Qt and Phonon technology .
However , I 've made a couple of friends working for KDE , and if the project attracts enough attention , perhaps it might be more closely coupled to KDE in the future .
Justin :
How likely are you to make use of these logos when they 're finalized ?
Philip : Pretty likely .
I 'd like to give credit where it is due .
I 'd probably put it in the startup splash screen and the " About " dialog .
Justin : Would you say the explanation of the labels provided in our Dot article announcement were helpful in determining which one fits your project best ?
Philip :
The description seems to indicate that the uses overlap .
One emphasizes KDE technology , one emphasizes the KDE community , and one emphasizes both .
The descriptions are fairly clear , but it is a bit confusing at first since the scope of the labels overlap .
Justin :
Does having the ability to use such a label cause you to feel any more or less a part of KDE community versus being a stand alone project ?
Philip :
For me , using or not using a label would n't make me personally feel more or less a part of KDE .
However , it would make me feel more like my app belongs with other KDE apps and motivate me to interact with the community .
Thanks to for the interview , Philip , and keep on brewin ' !
IN AND OUT
Hair Salon Owners Are Making It Work During the Pandemic
With guidelines that change almost daily , hairstylists have had to make countless adaptations this year — including moving some services completely outside .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
If you do n’t care about Twitter news , you may as well rejoin us next week .
Over the next few days , Twitter is going to dominate the airwaves — and it starts tonight .
In advance of his keynote at the Ad Age conference on Tuesday ( not to mention Twitter ’s own Chirp conference on Wednesday ) , COO Dick Costolo shared details of the company ’s highly anticipated new ad platform , Promoted Tweets , with a couple of news outlets .
In the most basic implementation , advertisers will be able to bid on keywords to have their tweets featured in search results .
But Twitter says it may also include paid tweets in users ’ regular tweet streams too , something that will surely be more controversial .
Costolo said the company expects to decide whether to take that step before the end of the year .
Here are some of the promoted tweets implementation details , per stories in Ad Age and the New York Times
* Promoted tweets show up based on how large a CPM ( cost per thousand ) an advertiser pays .
* Twitter is developing a “ resonance ” metric ( apparently not done yet — which makes you wonder what have they been doing these last few months ! ) that would also take into account how well a tweet fosters engagement and click - throughs .
* Twitter is limiting advertising to only one sponsored tweet per page .
* After the promoted tweets launch on its site , Twitter plans to start syndicating them to Twitter clients .
* Launch advertisers include previously tweeting companies Best Buy , Virgin America , Starbucks and Bravo .
* The actual promoted tweets will disclose that they are ads , and will turn yellow when moused over .
But they wo n’t be separated out on the margins from the other tweets .
* Twitter is considering using targeting factors like subject matter , followers ’ interests , and geographic locations to target ads in users ’ streams , if they do launch .
Costolo told Ad Age that search volume on Twitter is “ huge ” but would n’t give actual numbers .
Promoted Tweets is quite similar to TweetUp , the tweet marketplace launched by Bill Gross on Monday .
It is going to be hard for Tweet Up to spin this development into a good thing .
It also follows other recent moves by Twitter to compete with developers using its platform , for instance buying the maker of Tweetie last week .
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d ) :
Social Advertising Models Go Back to the Future
" The previous edition of Hyde 's book has been my go - to book for assembly language for years , and there 's little doubt this edition will be similarly long - lived . "
— SD Times : Software Development News ( Read More )
" Considering the fact that many people seem to have difficulties in learning assembler , this book is a very good read and effectively introduces the reader to this fascinating topic . "
— The Ethical Hacker Network ( Read More )
" The Art of Assembly Language is a welcome addition to the bookshelf of any programmer who has yet to experience and appreciate deeper understanding of HLA gained as a result of reading the book . "
— Dr. Dobb 's ( Read More )
" The beauty of this book and HLA is that the HLA compiler insulates the beginner from the drudgery and trickery of getting started from zero knowledge . "
— A.P. Lawrence ( Read More )
" And yes , people still do write in Assembly Language .
And now , if you want to try this out for yourself , there is a great new book available to help you out .
This is the second edition of Randall Hyde 's The Art of Assembly Language . "
— Scienceblogs.com ( Read More )
" I was reading The Art of Asssembly Language , 2nd Edition by Randall Hyde the other day and really enjoyed his approach to teaching the assembly language programming . "
— Hex Blog ( Read More )
" As I remarked in respect of the first edition , if you want to use assembly language , or add it to your list of programming skills , this is the book to have . "
— Linux Users of Victoria ( Read More )
" If you are a beginner and want to find your way into lower level programming and gain an understanding of how a machine 's hardware works then this is a good way to get into things . "
— I Programmer ( Read More )
" By the end of the book , readers will be pretty comfortable writing in programs using HLA and will have a new understanding of how computers operate . "
— YYZtech.ca ( Read More )
" The Art of Assembly Language is a good book for teaching you the basics of Assembly through the use of HLA as Assembly ' training wheels . ' "
— The Durham University Computing Society ( Read More )
KFC to unleash the Double Down sandwich , we celebrate by cracking the code »
Over at The Consumerist , they ’ve been following KFC ’s new ( and revolting ) Double Down sandwich .
In case you ’re new to the story , the Double Down is a bacon and cheese sandwich , with two slabs of fried chicken replacing the bread , and a mystery yellow substance they ’re calling “ The Colonel ’s Sauce ” ( a name that implies more intimacy with the Colonel than , we hope , is actually involved ) .
After months of rumors and marketing teasers , the Double Down is finally real , with a scheduled release date of Monday , Apr. 12 at a KFC near you .
As vegans , we ’re of course bound by blood oath to be outraged by meat surrounded by meat and drizzled in dairy , especially when mass - produced by a megacorp dedicated to poisoning as many people worldwide as possible .
But sometimes something is just too ridiculous to hate , and like a game of culinary marry - fuck - kill , we saw the Double Down and chose “ fuck . ”
So with that , I present :
It ’s actually good !
And by “ good ” I mean “ not good . ”
Or a word that means a mix of good and not - good , where “ not good ” describes how you feel after downing this fistful of instant regret .
Here ’s how you can make your own and share my suffering .
You know you want one .
First thing ’s first .
Start by getting your kitchen stocked with vegan substitutes .
Gardein Lightly Seasoned Chick'n Scallopini
Lightlife Smart Bacon
Follow Your Heart Vegenaise
Energ - G Egg Replacer
Earth Balance Natural Shortening
Follow Your Heart Monterey Jack
You can replace the shortening with canola oil or even Crisco , if you feel like taking your life into your hands .
Before doing anything else , I fried up about six pieces of Smart Bacon , and thinly sliced the Follow Your Heart Monterey Jack using a mandolin .
If you do n’t have a mandolin , a cheese slicer will do the trick , or a sharp kitchen knife if you ’re really patient .
You should also thaw out the Gardein patties , which are usually kept frozen .
The Colonel ’s Sauce
No one has any idea what ’s in this stuff , so I basically went for “ yellow ” .
4 Tbsp Vegenaise
1 tsp mustard
1 tsp agave nectar
1 tsp turmeric
Mix it up until it looks yellow .
Adjust as needed .
KFC ’s 11 Secret Herbs and Spices
The actual recipe is a closely guarded secret , but this is close enough .
I adapted the recipe from KFCChickenRecipe.com with vegan substitutes where needed .
1 Tbsp sage
1 tsp ginger root
1 Tbsp rosemary
1 Tbsp oregano
1 tsp marjoram
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp chili powder or cayenne
1½ tsp thyme
2 Tbsp garlic salt , or mix 1 Tbsp salt + 1 Tbsp garlic granules
2 Tbsp onion salt , or mix 1 Tbsp salt + 1 Tbsp onion granules
3 Tbsp dried parsley
3 Tbsp brown sugar
2 Tbsp powdered vegetable bullion from Rapunzel , or any vegan “ chicken - flavored ” bullion .
1 pack of McCormick Thick & Zesty Spaghetti Sauce Mix ( available at Safeway ) , or 1 packet of any vegan tomato powdered instant soup .
Grind into a fine powder using a food processor or blender , and set aside .
Making the batter and deep - frying it all up
3 Tbsp Ener - G egg replacer
4 Tbsp water
1 Tbsp canola oil
½ cup unsweetened , plain soy milk
cup unsweetened , plain soy milk 1 cup all - purpose flour
In a mixing bowl , beat together the egg replacer , water , canola oil , and soy milk .
This is your “ eggs and milk ” batter .
Now is a good time to get your deep - frying apparatus into gear .
If you own a deep fryer , you know what you ’re doing here .
For everyone else : melt the whole box of Earth Balance shortening in a wok or cast - iron pan on medium heat .
Top it up with canola oil if the pool of oil is n’t deep enough .
Next , thoroughly mix together the flour with the “ secret ” herb and spice mix that you made earlier .
Spread out the flour mix onto a long sheet of baking paper .
You basically want to coat the living hell out of the Gardein patties , then deep fry them until your kitchen smells like KFC .
So : take a patty , dip it in the batter , then roll it in the flour / spices until it ’s completely coated .
Then take the same patty and repeat ; you want to coat the coating .
Finally , drop in your patty and deep - fry it for a few minutes , until golden brown .
You can test out your oil beforehand with a small glob of batter and flour .
You really do n’t want to cook them for too long !
Putting it all together then nomming the shit out of that
Now you ’re ready to assemble your Vegan Double Down : two slabs of fried fake chicken , stuffed with fake bacon , fake cheese , and fake “ Colonel ’s Sauce ” .
Make it look pretty .
You will eat about half of this before realizing what a mistake it ’s been .
But until that moment , it will taste like sweet , deep - fried heaven .
There ’s an e-mail going around that shows some ( purportedly )
Japanese motorcycles with fold - down tow - racks .
The technology is at least two years old , judging by the video further down , which was posted on May 10 , 2007 .
This site asserts the vehicles are actually heavily modified Honda Goldwing 1800 cc bikes , designed by a Swedish company , Coming Through ( as the video below notes at the beginning ) and is appropriately named the Retriever .
Motorcycle blog Kneeslider notes , “ The Retriever ’s towing rig carries the weight of the car on three wheels so the motorcycle can still be ridden normally .
Since the motorcycle is only providing the torque necessary for towing and does n’t have to carry extra weight , the vehicle is easily moved and a six cylinder Goldwing has all of the power you need .
The Retriver can tow cars up to 5500 pounds . ”
Turns out there ’s also video footage of a red one in action —
Fun !
The biosciences , like other branches of research , are being dragged into the digital era .
This is in part because traditional mediums of communications , including journal articles , are migrating online , and in part because high - throughput approaches to biological research are producing staggering amounts of data that can only be stored in digital form .
A couple of papers released by PLoS ONE have presented new approaches to both aspects of digitization that , in essence , simply involve modifying tools that are common outside of the field specifically for use by biologists .
BitTorrenting genomes
The paper that describes the BioTorrents project lays out some staggering figures on the scale of the problem , based on a query posed to someone at the National Center for Biotechnology Information .
In a recent month , the NCBI served the following data sets : 1,000 Genomes ( 9TB , served 100,000 times ) , Bacterial genomes ( 52GB , 30,000 downloads ) , and Gen Bank ( 233GB , 10,000 downloads ) , in addition to tens of thousands of retrievals of smaller datasets .
That 's a lot of bandwidth by anyone 's standards , all of it served by a relatively small portion of the NIH .
As the paper points out , some of this is almost certainly redundant , as some labs are probably grabbing data that another group at the same institute — possibly in the same building — has already obtained .
Fortunately , the larger community of Internet users has already figured out a system for sharing the burden of handling large files : BitTorrent .
Although it would be possible to start dumping files onto existing networks , there are two drawbacks to that , the authors argue : those networks are at risk of getting shut down due to copyright violations , and finding biological databases among the other content ( read : porn , movies , and TV shows ) is a needle - in - a - haystack issue .
So , they 've modified a GPLed client , and set up their own server at UC Davis , where they work .
Anyone can download , but people have to register to upload data , allowing the administrators to police things for appropriate content .
The server also mirrors the data immediately , in order to assure there 's at least one copy available at all times .
The BioTorrent site enables people to find data based on metadata like categories and license type , and a basic text search is also available .
Versioning options and RSS feeds are available for datasets that are frequently updated .
Overall , it seems like a well - designed project , and I 'm sure the NCBI appreciates having someone else shoulder the bandwidth load .
Making search visual
NCBI also happens to host PubMed , a database that contains the abstract of every significant biomedical journal ( and a large portion of the less significant ones , too ) .
Since relatively few of the journals published , at least until recent years , were open access , however , it does n't allow full searching of an article 's contents .
A team just a bit down Route 80 from the Davis group ( at UC Berkeley ) have been doing some testing to find out whether biologists are missing out when they use PubMed .
Their project , online at BioText , uses a search engine that 's indexed the full contents of a few hundred open access journals .
Not only does it handle full text , but it also identifies when terms appear in figure legends , which describe the contents of images .
This group 's PLoS ONE paper focuses on user testing with a system that identifies relevant images based on the search terms , and displays those .
It 's a nice system , and the twenty or so biologists they tested it on seemed to like it .
Of course , user satisfaction may not be the right metric , if other studies are to be believed .
The paper cites one that showed that blank squares improve the use of search results as much as images do , and that people tend to believe a result is more relevant simply if it comes with an image .
So , although the users may be happier with the thumbnails , they are likely to be working less effectively .
Should a service of this sort actually prove more useful , it would be tempting to conclude that open access journals would end up having a greater impact on the scientific discourse , simply because it 'll be easier to find things in them .
Still , a couple of things may limit the impact .
Google scholar is one of them ; since the company 's scanning operations deal with hardcover issues in university libraries , they wo n't be as up - to - date , though .
There 's also a commercial company , PubGet , that wraps PubMed searches in a user interface that will inline any PDFs you have access to .
Since most scientists work at institutions with extensive journal access , that means they can easily see the full text of a paper to decide if a search result is relevant .
That still does n't overcome the inability of PubMed to index the full text of a paper , however .
The end result ( for now , at least ) is that researchers will probably need to use several search tools in order to do an exhaustive check for relevant content .
Unlike the open question of whether image thumbnails help or hurt , there 's little doubt that this is n't great for productivity .
PLoS ONE , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0010071
PLoS ONE , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0009619 ( About DOIs ) .
" Royal Mail said that they will not come near the house because the cat is far too dangerous .
They said it was a health and safety issue but he is not a Rottweiler . "
Status
Docs not available build log ]
All reported builds failed as of 2016 - 12 - 30 all 6 reports ]
Pro-democracy protesters demand the reopening of the Thaicom TV station .
Photos by Sarot Meksophawannakul Thiti Wannamontha Chanat Katanyu Thapanan Thongsubhiran / Bangkok Post .
STOP PRESS -- April 10 , 2010
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
Soldiers armed with live and rubber bullets and CS gas have attacked the peaceful pro-democracy Red Shirts at various spots in the centre of Bangkok .
At least 12 people , Red Shirts and one Japanese Reuters reporter , have been shot dead by armed troops using automatic weapons , and tanks [ were used ] against peaceful pro-democracy demonstrators .
Hundreds more people have been injured .
The military - backed government of Abhisit Vejjajiva has blood on its hands and should resign immediately .
Some soldiers have been taken prisoner and weapons seized .
Red Shirts outside Bangkok have seized many provincial headquarters .
Tonight at 10 pm in Bangkok , a ceasefire has been announced .
The questions is ... what happens tomorrow ?
Earlier Abhisit lied that his government would not use force against the protesters .
He continues to lie that his government was “ democratically elected ” .
The gang of royalist tyrants -- Abhisit Vejjajiva ’s Democrat Party , the military , the royal palace and the bureaucratic elites -- can only cling to power through violence and lies .
As they use armed troops and tanks against pro-democracy demonstrators in Bangkok for the fifth time in 40 years , the tyrants hope that a blanket of censorship throughout Thailand will allow them to do their dirty work in secret .
But their censorship is not working and the assembled masses of pro-democracy Red Shirts are resisting .
The Red Shirts want democracy and want immediate elections , but democracy and elections are the last things that the tyrants want .
They have lorded it over the people for years .
They have never won an election and they have never been happy with respecting election results .
They are supported in their bloody work by the fascist Yellow Shirted PAD , most middle - class academics and the self - appointed NGO leaders .
Together they are contemptuous and fearful of ordinary working people , the poor , the farmers , the citizens .
Hovering over the repression and exploitation of the people , like a mean and nasty dark cloud , is the king and his network of toadies .
Ever since coming to the throne , king has served the army and the elites well , giving them a legitimacy based on superstition , hierarchy and grovelling .
The people have risen up against the tyrants .
The “ refined ” mask of Eton - and Oxford - educated Abhisit Vejjajiva has slipped off to reveal just another tin-pot dictator .
It is time to clear away all the gangsters and parasites who have held sway over Thai society for too long .
Down with the military !
Down with the monarchy !
Down with the dictatorship !
Power to working people !
Thailand :
Time for immediate fresh elections !
By Giles Ji Ungpakorn
April 9 , 2010 --
After the military - backed Democrat Party government of Abhisit Vejjajiva declared a state of emergency , on the evening of April 7 , and issued arrest warrants for pro-democracy Red Shirt leaders , the government has attempted to close down all internet and satellite media or websites which do n’t tow the government line .
Since late March the Red Shirts have been holding huge peaceful and disciplined protests in Bangkok .
They have not destroyed anything or held weapons of any kind .
Their demands are for the dissolution of parliament and immediate fresh elections .
The military - backed government is totally opposed to elections , since the Democrat Party has never ever won a majority .
The reaction of Abhisit is to say that “ elections solve nothing ” and that he would not dissolve parliament until a long drawn out process of “ constitutional reform was carried out ” .
His government has been pretending to deal with constitutional reform for over a year with no results .
Naturally , the main government party , which has never won anything approaching a majority in elections , has “ little faith in elections ” .
The excuse for the 2006 coup was that the majority of the electorate were “ too ill informed to have the right to vote ” .
Yet repeated elections since 2001 have shown strong support for Red Shirt parties .
The Red Shirt protests are in stark contrast to the conservative royalist Yellow Shirt People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) demonstrations in 2008 .
The PAD used violence and carried weapons .
They occupied and wrecked Government House and seized and shut down the international airports .
No one has been punished for these criminal acts .
The PAD demand that the democratic space be reduced because they believe that the majority of the people do not deserve the vote .
The Democrat Party has worked hand in hand with the PAD and the army .
Yet Hans van Baalen , Dutch member of the European Parliament and president of Liberal International , supports the military - backed government in Thailand and claims that a crackdown on Red Shirts would defend the rule of law in Thailand .
State of emergency and threats of violence
Abhisit justifies his state of emergency on the grounds that the Red Shirts are blocking shopping centres !
This is a lie , one of many lies told by the Thai prime minister .
Another lie is that the Red Shirt media is advocating violence .
They have done nothing of the kind .
The brief invasion of the parliament grounds by Red Shirts on April 8 was in response to CS gas canisters being thrown at the peaceful crowd outside .
Prachatai , the only independent web - based newspaper in Thailand has been closed down by the military - backed government .
The government has also sent soldiers to close down the Red Shirt TV station and various community radio stations .
The aim is to shut down all free media and blanket the country in darkness .
Meanwhile , the rabid Yellow Shirt ASTV media has been given a free hand to broadcast programs advocating violence against the Red Shirts .
Today the Red Shirts went to the supportive Thaicom satellite TV station to ask for it back , yet foreign media like the BBC claim wrongly claim that the Red Shirts were trying to “ occupy ” the satellite station .
What they wanted was for transmissions to be reinstated .
The Red Shirts are a mass movement of workers and peasants .
They are demanding a restoration of democracy .
Most support former PM Thaksin Shinawatra because his government introduced Thailand 's first ever universal healthcare scheme and pro-poor policies .
Foreign media often incorrectly portray the Red Shirts as rural people .
They are poor people from urban and rural areas , including Bangkok .
They represent the vast majority of Thai citizens .
They proudly call themselves “ serfs ” in a class war with the authoritarian elites .
The Democrat Party and Abhisit Vejjajiva took over the government after :
continuously criticising the Thaksin government for using state funds for the poor ;
refusing to take part in the elections of 2006 because they knew they would lose ;
a military coup in September 2006 ;
a military constitution was introduced in 2007 which decreased the democratic space ;
they lost the December 2007 election ;
they supported the PAD violent demonstrations which seized Government House and closed down the international airports ;
royalist courts were used twice to dissolve Red Shirt parties which won majorities ; and
corrupt politicians were bullied and bribed by the army to change sides and support the Democrat Party .
NGOs , ` Human Rights Commission ' side with military - royalist government
One again the Thai NGOs have sided with the military - installed royalist government against the demands of hundreds of thousands of pro-democracy Red Shirts .
The Red Shirts represent millions of ordinary working people in urban and rural areas ...
During the latest negotiations between Red Shirts and the government , the NGOs have backed the military / royalist government ’s position , as outlined by Abhisit in the televised negotiations .
These NGO groups include NGO - COD , the Consumers ’ Network , the Health Network , the Sustainable Agriculture Network , the People Living With AIDS network and FTA Watch ( see Prachatai 29/3/2010 ) .
They want constitutional reform before any elections .
They see the main threat to democracy coming from “ electioneering politicians ” rather than the military and the royalist elites .
They ask the government to “ consider ” holding elections in six months ' time .
This position is nothing new .
These NGO groups supported the 2006 coup and had close links with the PAD .
They are opposed to representative democracy and are suspicious of voting .
They regard ordinary villagers and working folk with contemp .
NGO Senator Rosana even referred to the recent Red Shirt protestors as “ uncivilised ” .
The latest NGO position is even more reactionary than the position of many academics who signed an open letter calling for elections in six months .
Some NGOs have said that local community rights issues need to be sorted out first before elections , as though community rights and democracy have nothing to do with each other !
Amnesty International in Thailand has PAD supporters on its staff and so AI has refused to take up lese majeste prisoners as prisoners of conscience .
Thai NGOs have long ceased to side with the poor and oppressed in society .
They have become an elitist group of professional aid workers .
Dr Tajing Siripanit , a commissioner from the Thai National Human Rights Commission , stated on NBT television on April 4 that the military - backed government “ would be justified in using force ” against the peaceful pro-democracy Red Shirt protestors “ because they were disrupting shopping ” in the centre of Bangkok .
In fact , the Red Shirts are not blocking the pedestrian entrances to any shopping centres .
Previously , the National Human Rights Commission remained quiet about the fascist - PAD blockade of the international airports in 2008 and the 2006 military coup .
It has remained silent about the use of lese majeste laws against government critics and they are silent on the censorship of the media .
Many members of the National Human Rights Commission are PAD supporters .
This is an example of what the Red Shirts mean when they say that the “ independent bodies ” are staffed by military junta appointees .
This is why we need immediate fresh elections and the abolition of the military constitution .
[ Giles Ji Ungpakorn is a Thai socialist currently in exile in Britain .
He is a member of Left Turn Thailand and maintains a blog at http://wdpress.blog.co.uk/.
His latest book Thailand ’s Crisis and the Fight for Democracy ” will be published in April 2010 . ]
The struggle shaking Thailand
April 9 , 2010 -- Socialist Worker ( USA ) --
The Thai government declared a state of emergency and was threatening more repression after massive protests erupted in Bangkok over the regime 's refusal to hold democratic elections .
Police have carried out violent attacks on the pro-democracy protesters -- known as " Red Shirts " because of their clothing .
The government of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva , leader of the misnamed Democrat Party , came to power in 2008 with the support of the military and the right - wing pro-royalist People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) .
The PAD mobilised demonstrators known as the " Yellow Shirts " , whose protests crippled the previous government that was supported by the Red Shirts .
Giles Ji Ungpakorn is a Thai academic and dissident who was targeted by the government for the supposed crime of lese majeste -- essentially , " disloyalty " to Thailand 's head of state , King Bhumibol .
He fled the country to avoid censorship and a possible prison sentence of 15 years .
He spoke with Lee Sustar about the background to this week 's clashes .
* * *
It seemed too good to be true and alas , it was .
Getting a Windows app to run on my new Linux computer was as easy as Installing Wine ( a recursive acronym for “ Wine Is Not an Emulator ” ) and then right - clicking on a downloaded executable file .
The app in question here is SplashID — a password manager I ’ve been using since at least the turn of the century on my Mac and with various Palms & Treos ( and currently my Nokia ) .
As there ’s no available native Linux version of this commercial software ( go figure )
Wine was the only thing saving me from migrating my passwords and such to another app — which would n’t be so much of a problem on the desktop side , but there are limited options for my particular mobile phone OS .
The trial version of SplashID installed on my computer without a hitch , and I was able to activate it using my existing license .
But every time I tried to import my previously - saved records it crashed .
I ’m pretty sure my SplashID database has n’t been corrupted as it runs fine on my Mac and my Nokia .
And what I ’m experiencing sounds suspiciously like this filed bug .
At least one person has reported success using SplashID with CrossOver Linux , but $ 40 USD is more than what I paid for SplashID .
It would be a good investment if I needed to run more Windows apps , but seems like overkill for just the one .
At this point my options are :
To use Wine with another commercial SplashID equivalent — preferably one with better Nokia support , like Handy Safe Pro , Best Safe or MobileKnox ; Import my data into a Linux - native and proper FLOSS app , like KeePassX .
Guess which route I ’ll be taking ?
It ’s encouraging to see that there are two java - based mobile companions for KeePassX .
One of them requires the Windows version on the desktop side and transfers your data via a remote server , which sounds a bit sketchy to me .
I ’m hoping that the other one will load up an exported file dumped onto my phone locally .
If you ’re running some other desktop or mobile platform there ’s probably a KeePass port that will work for you .
Either way I ’ll likely have to massage my data on the way in to KeePassX which , in fairness , I probably should have switched to long ago .
I ’m grateful that SplashID will export my passwords to a .CSV file , but it ’s kind of a shame that there ’s no standard database format for personal data , like the PIM standards of .ICS for calendars and .VCF for contacts .
Maybe KeePassX’s .
KDB is it ?
I hate to burst your bubble but this image is overflowing with logical fallacies .
Case in point : these victims supposedly died during Emergence Day of Sera , meaning they are at least 30 years old .
Now take a closer look at this environments ashes :
In arid desert regions the air over a hot desert may actually contain substantial amounts of water vapor but that water may not be generally accessible to plants , except for very specialized organisms ( such as some species of lichen ) .
' Lack of water ' refers to use by plants .
The water that is actually present in the environment may be sufficient for some species or usages ( such as climax vegetation ) .
These remnants have clearly evolved in a continuously dry atmosphere , the only places on Sera having such a climate being the Jacinto plains , between the Aspho Fields at approximately 23°30 ' ( 23.5° ) S latitude , and Landown in the northern hemisphere at 23°30 ' ( 23.5° ) N latitude .
The only part of this region that fits the bill as being susceptable to Hammer of Dawn attacks after E - Day is therefore one of the outlying plains along the outskirts of Jilane or perhaps Ephyra .
As this satellite data shows , every year , very high quantities of dust storms are present across the entire landmass of this area - Right then , take a look at that first pic at the beginning of the post .
Toward the bottom of the screen you will see a slab of stone material .
The only stone economically feasible and available to Seran technology at the time would have been concrete , therefore we can safely assume that that stone is , indeed , concrete .
Concrete degradation may have various causes .
Concrete can be damaged by fire , aggregate expansion , sea water effects , bacterial corrosion , calcium leaching , physical damage and chemical damage ( from carbonation , chlorides , sulfates and distilled water ) .
Also , consider that this area must be relatively small to fit narrative purposes , and therefore , regardless of the location of this concrete in or nearby Jilane or Ephyra , significant wind - carried dust particles from the surrounding ocean , , will periodically come into contact with the surface of the concrete .
Dust speeds up the erosion process , and combined with 30 years of intense dust storms , one can assume that perhaps 3 or 4 cm of concrete by this time will have been eroded to the structurally weak concrete ( III ) oxide and even armored concrete ( III ) Such heavily eroded concrete would be so fragile and flakey , it would have literally been blown or eroded away by now .
Only small stubs would be left of any such structure installed by Serans .
Therefore we can surmise one thing , either Epic has completely dropped the ball on this , shattering the 4th wall , or someone else has been building and killing on Sera - approximately within the last 10 years ... WTF ?!?!
CHINESE and Turkish evangelical explorers believe they may have found Noah 's Ark - 4000 m up a mountain in Turkey .
The team said it had recovered wooden specimens from a structure on Mount Ararat in eastern
Turkey that carbon dating proved was 4800 years old , around the same time the ark is said to have been afloat .
" It 's not 100 per cent that it is Noah 's Ark but we think it is 99.9 per cent that this is it , " said Yeung Wing - cheung , a Hong Kong documentary filmmaker and member of the 15 - strong team from Noah 's Ark Ministries International .
The structure had several compartments , some with wooden beams , which were believed to house animals , he said .
The group of evangelical archaeologists ruled out an established human settlement on the grounds that one had never been found above 3500 m in the vicinity , Mr Yeung said .
Local Turkish officials would ask the central government in Ankara to apply for UNESCO World Heritage status so the site could be protected while a major archaeological dig was conducted , he added .
The biblical story says God decided to flood the earth after seeing how corrupt it had become , and told Noah to build an ark and fill it with two of every animal species .
After the flood waters receded , the Bible says , the ark came to rest on a mountain .
Many believe that Mount Ararat , the highest point in the region , is where the ark and her inhabitants came aground .
She is interesting in that , given she has moderate dementia , she can't quite get some things right but her emotional understanding of the current environment seems to still ring true .
So when we were talking about healthcare today , and the vote yesterday ( she asked a lot of questions each of which I actually could answer in great detail ... though I just iterated the big picture ) , I talked a little about the Teabag types and the open hostility of the GOP to everything American and most certainly our president .
The threats against our President and shouting in Congress against him ( in both the State of the Union and yesterday during Stupak 's talk ) , and talked about how the news is n't Cronkite news anymore and how that flames the fires of hate .
She finally asked me what happened to the Republican Party .
I explained that the party she understood as the GOP was long gone , taken over by the anti-abortion / anti-choice religious right which shifted the party WAY to the right .
Mom 's pro-choice , so she gets that .
Then she said a really interesting thing .
She said that at first she did n't like President Obama at all .
Now she does .
She thinks he 's smart and nice .
She added that given the burden he picked up , he walked into a terrible situation .
I added that that situation was caused by eight years of someone she voted for , a Republican , GB2 , and that it will take decades to fully undo what has been done and what a shame because everyone now alive will carry that financial burden for their lifetimes .
Then she asked who the really crazy people were the ones that spit on people and call names .
I told her this :
These are people that would have done the same to you if they knew you were pro-choice .
The same ones that would call you a faggot - lover if you defend lgbt people .
These are ugly , mean people that hate our President , in part , because he is black .
Then she asked the fatal question :
What does one 's skin color have to do with whether they are smart and capable ?
And to that , I smiled and said , nothing .
***
As an aside , as many of you know , I am a dog / cat rescuer .
While we were having this conversation , the frequently crazy and very scared Siberian husky recently abandoned here in a neighbor 's backyard , sat quietly and lovingly next to her as her tiny very thin - skinned hand scratched his head and her voice reassured him .
She looked up , finally and said , " I am so glad you do this . "
After 30 years of doing this , this was the first time she has ever acknowledged my work .
So maybe I do n't seem so crazy given the current national context after all .
Update :
Thanks everyone .
I had no idea I was even on the recc list until my server dropped and , well ... there I was .
Thanks for supporting me and my mom .
By Captain Pyke | April 28 , 2010 - 10:40 pm
At the recent Comic - con in Anaheim , Nichelle Nichols talked about the first meeting with her Star Trek XI Counterpart Zoe Saldana .
On the set of J.J. Abrams 's " Star Trek " , Saldana was not scheduled for the day when Nichelle was invited to visit , so J.J. called Zoe back for the chance meeting .
Nichelle describes it as “ She did n’t see me at first .
JJ invited me to the studio for lunch and said why you do n’t come over on the set .
She was n’t supposed to be on the set that day , and she came in after lunch , there I ’m sitting in his seat and she assumes it ’s him , so she looks over to see who is sitting there , " no Way " and we sat and talked for about 2 hours .
I thought I knew her all my life , I just adored her ; I thought she did a beautiful job . ”
The original Uhura also had this to say about Zoe ; “ Not only is she one of the most beautiful women on the planet , she ’s an incredible actress .
When I met her , it just clicked like that , ”
Check out OnTheRedCarpet.com 's video from Comic - con Anaheim , below
Not really !
It 's actually Desktop Connect , a $ 12 app that lets you patch into other computers using VNC or RDP , two desktop - sharing protocols .
It 's neat to be able to lounge in bed and mess with a computer from afar–the iPad 's sweet spot ( or sour spot , for the detractors ) between cellphone and laptop makes it great for turn - based games .
Hip , urban server administrators will also be delighted .
Setup is easy , and a row of icons makes keyboard entry , including function keys ,
straightforward .
But there are some caveats : the touchscreen magic dissolves to frustration with desktop operating systems , even when you set the remote resolution to be the same as the iPad's .
It 's much easier to use the precise mousing mode .
i Tunes link [ via Gizmodo's John Hermann , who pulled the trick with a more Macolyte - horrifying choice of OS ]
Django 1.2 release schedule - Update 7
We 're in the final stretch
As a result of some good bug killing activity over the week , there are just 2 bugs blocking a release candidate .
Both of these bugs ( # 13166 and # 13315 ) are reasonably well understood ; they 're just waiting on the time needed to polish and commit the patches .
So -- that means we 're on target for a release candidate around May 3 , with a final release around May 10 .
The exact date might be off by a day or two , depending on the ability of our esteemed Release Manager James Bennett to find the time to turn the crank and make the official tarballs .
Once we have a release candidate , work will shift to closing the 48 outstanding documentation and translation issues .
Luckily , progress on these tickets is much easier than fixing code problems , and there 's lots of opportunity to contribute .
To that end , we 'll be having a virtual sprint on May 8th to try and get as much documentation work sorted out as possible .
If you want to help out , join us on #django - sprint on IRC on the 8th ; or if you can spare time before then , pick a documentation ticket and work up a patch ( or edit a patch on an existing documentation ticket ) .
As always , any and all help is most welcome .
Got a science question ?
Got a minute ?
The 26 one - minute video clips in the Science Please !
collection offer humorous but rigorously accurate explanations of scientific discoveries and phenomena we encounter in our daily lives .
Have you ever wondered ... why do we see colours ?
What makes the wind blow ?
Why do some things float and others sink ?
What is sound ?
Why does soap clean ?
Each question is carefully researched and clearly explained through animated illustrations , archival footage and amusing narration .
The wacky humour will appeal to 9 - to 12 - year - olds , while encouraging an interest in science .
The clips are grouped together under five major themes , on two videocassettes .
The boxed set also contains a poster illustrating and summarizing the scientific concepts .
Science is cool !
, 30 min 59 s
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Tobacco companies would be forced to use plain , logo - free packaging on their cigarettes in a bid to make them less attractive to smokers under legislation introduced today by Australia 's government , which dubbed the move a world - first .
The rules , which would take effect on 1 July 2012 , would ban tobacco companies from including logos , promotional text or colourful images on cigarette packages .
A government health warning would be prominently displayed instead , with the brand name relegated to a tiny , generic font at the bottom .
" The new branding for cigarettes will be the most hardline regime in the world and cigarette companies will hate it , " the prime minister , Kevin Rudd , said .
The government also announced it would raise the cigarette tax by 25 % , driving up the price of a pack of 30 cigarettes by about A$ 2.16 ( £ 1.30 ) .
Tobacco firms immediately vowed to fight the reform in court .
" Introducing plain packaging just takes away the ability of a consumer to identify our brand from another brand and that 's of value to us , " an Imperial Tobacco Australia spokeswoman , Cathie Keogh , told ABC radio , adding that the company planned to take legal action .
Retailers said the tax hike would hurt their businesses and bolster the cigarette black market .
" It 's a lazy policy response being pushed by some health advocates , " said Mick Daly , the national chairman of the Australian supermarket chain IGA .
" That amounts to a direct attack on approximately 16 % of Australians who have made legal and legitimate lifestyle choices . "
Tim Wilson , director of intellectual property and free trade at Australia 's Institute of Public Affairs , said tobacco companies were likely to demand compensation over the forced packaging changes , which could cost taxpayers around A$ 3 bn a year .
" Under Australia 's constitution , if the government basically takes someone 's property rights , including intellectual property such as trademarks , or devalues them to a significant extent , they have to provide compensation , " Wilson said .
" I 'd be shocked if they did n't [ pursue compensation ] , because if it happens here , it 'll happen all over the world . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
What does a pilot look out for when faced with the possibility of flying through volcanic ash ?
Lufthansa Captain Fokko Doyen explains the view from the cockpit to the BBC's Nik Gowing .
Maren Tarro
The last time my father and I attended a tea party , my stuffed cat Aida was the guest of honor and the tea was served in Beatrix Potter Peter Rabbit teacups .
Politics certainly was n’t a conversation topic .
Twenty - something years later , I ’ve become a Liberal while my father is a Libertarian .
And instead of doilies and cucumber sandwiches , the tea parties of 2010 are serving discord and controversy .
One lump or two ?
Maren Tarro
Tea for Tax
When my mother called and asked me to accompany my father to the Tax Day Tea Party in Washington , D.C. , I tried to come up with any excuse to avoid the event : I would stand out as a leftist lamb amongst a pack of rabid wolves ; I did n’t want to be mistaken for one of those people ; I might catch whatever was wrong with those racist , homophobic , mouth - breathing miscreants .
But then I remembered a few things my father had done for me .
When I was 8 years old and wanted to enter a race two hours from where we lived , my father not only drove me there and paid the registration fee ( which I now know we really could n’t afford ) , he ran with me — until he could n’t keep up .
When I stopped to wait for him , he urged me on and promised to meet me at the finish line .
When I decided I wanted to be an artist , he told my grandmother to send art supplies for Christmas .
When I started a collection of lizards , snakes and other creepy - crawlies , he spent hours building Plexiglass terrariums and even fitted his favorite wooden tool box with a screened lid to transport my herpetological captives .
Not to mention the whole feeding , clothing and sheltering thing .
Maren Tarro
Compared to all that , what was one political rally ?
Sure , I ’d have to listen to his seemingly endless recap of Fox News ’ programming and somehow put up with him grinning and nodding in approval to every sign and speech for hours on end , but I kind of owed him .
We have n’t always seen eye to eye , but we ’ve existed in comfortable disagreement , as families do .
He barely raised an eyebrow when I took to wearing fishnet stockings and piercing my face , and he listened in good humor when I tried to convince him the Reverend Horton Heat was n’t all that different from Hank Williams .
When I got kicked out of culinary school , he picked me up at the airport without a word of disappointment and never once fired a single bullet at the many drugged - out , unemployed , “ when my band makes it big ” boyfriends I brought home — even though we both know he wanted to .
So hey , I decided , I ’m going to do something for dad for a change .
Besides , I could n’t deny wanting to see what took place at those tea parties .
Maybe I ’d luck out and hear or see those jackasses doing something outrageous , something to prove to my dad that I was right and , of course , intellectually superior to “ those people . ”
I wanted these people to be the hate - spewing , scaly underbelly of America , the lunatic fringe , the monomaniac monsters that go bump in the right .
Getting Served
Upon arriving in D.C. , we were immediately greeted by protesters carrying signs — signs bearing caricatures of President Obama , his African - American features grossly exaggerated , and all manner of slogans .
Some were fairly tame , others cringe - worthy .
“ Tax and spend has got to end ” ; “ I will not be a citizen of the USSA ” ; “ Recycle Congress ” ; “ Welfare Drug Testing ” ; “ Keep it up jokers , Obamacare does not cover tar and feathers . ”
Maren Tarro
I did my best to seek out misspelled signs and racial epithets , but I only found one example to support my theory of how stupid and backwards the tea partiers were : a lone sign reading “ Impeach Obuma . ”
I admit ; I was disappointed .
I wanted these people to be the hate - spewing , scaly underbelly of America , the lunatic fringe , the monomaniac monsters that go bump in the right .
I needed these so - called concerned citizens to be the impetus for my own political ire .
Sure , Obama won , but I still was n't over the insults hurled at me by the right .
Were n’t these the brutes who had claimed I was n’t a “ real American , ” the savages who deemed me an elitist , all while I tirelessly participated in the American political process ?
While I was canvassing for Obama and change by foot and phone , these " real Americans " painted me and my comrades as godless Communists out to destroy their country .
Wearing a homemade T - shirt that read “ Do n’t Hate Me Because I ’m Liberal , ” I wandered through the crowd , certain I was swimming with sharks , waiting for them to sink their teeth into me .
As they told me their stories , I found their message to be the same rhetoric played ad nauseum on cable news and talk radio .
There were small - business owners worried they were going to lose their shirts , grandmothers terrified their grandchildren would have no country to call home , and former Obama supporters who felt cheated and lied to .
But none could offer evidence of their fears ; they only told me what Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity had told them .
In a way , I felt sorry for them .
Their fears were as real to them as bogeymen hiding in a child 's closet .
Limbaugh and Hannity and the like had done such a great job of drawing these people into a horror story of socialist world - takeover I felt transported to 1938 , Orson Welles '
War of the Worlds narration playing through my mind .
He was a right - wing nut - job ; I was a misinformed socialist dupe .
But at that political table we shared a beer or two , broke bread and winked at each other across the dogmatic divide , reached over the crater of credo and high - fived .
And then there was my dad , the man who had worked his whole life to give me mine ; the man who had more than once gone hungry so that my belly would be full .
He always took me , the prodigal daughter , back into his home and arms , indulged my every interest and was my most spirited supporter .
He sat across the political table from me , sometime shaking his head and rolling his eyes , but never projecting spite my way .
Sure , we did occasionally engage in playful name - calling .
He was a right - wing nut - job ; I was a misinformed socialist dupe .
But at that political table we shared a beer or two , broke bread and winked at each other across the dogmatic divide , reached over the crater of credo and high - fived .
Maren Tarro
Not everyone was as tolerant of me as my dad .
There were a couple of people who yelled at me while I talked to protesters ; others who warned my interviewees not to talk to me , that I would only print lies and paint them as rednecks or fanatics .
And I was mistaken once for a tea partier .
A young woman walked past us at the Washington Monument , pointed at us each in turn and said , " Bigot , bigot , bigot ! "
A Spoonful of Sugar ...
Backstage at the rally , my dad proudly displayed his press pass , and we mingled with the voices of a movement .
He acted as my assistant , pointing out radio personalities such as Neal Boortz and holding my coffee while I interviewed his idols .
Victoria Jackson assured him I ’d come around when I reached their age , and Dick Armey demanded to know where dad had gone so terribly wrong with me .
There was a fair amount of ribbing — mostly at my expense — but more than anything there was fellowship .
Each picture I snapped of dad with his arm around the usually inaccessible celebrities that toed the same line as him , each time I spied my father unable to fully conceal his glee , I found myself smiling .
It was fun watching him have fun .
Like when I crossed the finish line at that race all those years ago , adrenaline pumping , endorphins coursing , thrilled to be in that moment , my dad was there and excited because I was excited .
He ran even though he hated running .
We switched roles at the rally .
This time , he was the one waiting for me to catch up .
And while I did n't come around to his way of thinking , I did gain insight into our relationship .
Maren Tarro
Riding the Metro home , I was still a Liberal and he was still a nut - job , but we were both all smiles .
He had an experience he would be bragging about for years , and I had a hand in that .
I discovered that just as my father and I could get along , so could Ron Paul and I .
I could shake hands with Andrew Breitbart and show off my tattoos to Tucker Carlson .
We may not have found common ground in the arena of politics , but we were all more than happy to set aside our differences and show my dad a good time .
I wish I could end this story with " we are the world " sentiments .
But the truth is , as long as the loudest voices deliver the most frightening tales , we are divided .
When the volume of the extremist din is dialed down to a murmur in the background — and family , neighbors and co-workers can hear each other — we ’ll at least have the chance to agree to disagree .
ORLANDO , Fla . —
The 2014 Super Bowl at new Meadowlands stadium got another loud endorsement from NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and several prominent owners yesterday .
The joint bid by the Giants and Jets to play host to the game , an idea considered outlandish not too long ago because of the chance of snow at the open - air stadium , instead continues to gain momentum going into the late - May vote in Dallas .
The quest for the Super Bowl is taking a backseat this week at the annual meetings , which are mostly focused on the NFL ’s unsettled labor situation and several proposed rules changes .
Still , the bid is a frequent topic of discussion .
Goodell , who gave New York ’s hopes an influential boost with an endorsement before this year ’s Super Bowl , stood up for the Meadowlands again yesterday after his annual presentation to the owners .
“ I do think it was right that [ New York ] be one of the alternatives , ” Goodell said .
“ I think it can be very attractive to the ownership and to the NFL in general , and I continue to believe that . ”
Goodell also said he did n’t think the recent rift between the NFL and Jets owner Woody Johnson over the coin flip to decide the host of the first game at the $ 1.6 billion stadium would impact the Super Bowl bid .
“ I do n’t think it will have any effect at all , ” Goodell said .
New York is considered the frontrunner for the 2014 game after Arizona pulled out last month .
Tampa and south Florida also are in the mix , although south Florida ’s chances are dimming because of difficulty obtaining money to make stadium improvements .
The Giants and Jets are expected to release a study soon that predicts the 2014 game would inject more than $ 500 million into the local economy — a Super Bowl record .
Bids are due April 1 , and the local bid will need approval from 24 of the 32 onwers , some of whom gave Gotham public backing yesterday .
Vikings owner Zygi Wilf , who grew up in Hillside , N.J. , and graduated from Fairleigh Dickinson and New York School of Law , indicated he would vote for New Jersey .
“ Being from New Jersey , [ a New York Super Bowl ] would be something I would consider and favor , ” Wilf told The Post .
“ I would have to listen to the arguments , but again , being from New Jersey . . . ”
Another local product - turned - owner , Flushing native Arthur Blank of the Falcons , also told The Post he will look favorably on the bid .
The league waived the rule that prohibits Super Bowls in weather below 50 degrees and several owners — most notably the Patriots ’ Robert Kraft and Daniel Snyder of the Redkins — already have made clear their support of the bid .
It ’s not entirely a New York love fest , though .
“ I ’m OK with an open - air Super Bowl — as long as it ’s in Miami , ” Bengals owner Mike Brown told The Post .
bhubbuch@nypost.com
Gulf oil spill
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf oil spill
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
The leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico did not have a remote - control shut - off switch used in two other major oil - producing nations as last - resort protection against underwater spills , reports The Wall Street Journal .
The article , which is available today on the Journal 's Web site , states that the lack of the device , called an acoustic switch , could amplify concerns over the environmental impact of offshore drilling after the explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig last week .
Some 5,000 barrels a day are now estimated to be leaking from the well , Coast Guard officials said Wednesday night .
Officials had been saying for days that it was 1,000 barrels a day .
The resulting slick on the Gulf surface is expected to touch the southern tip of Louisiana as early as Friday afternoon .
If it hits Mississippi , it will likely do so over the weekend .
For robots , Robogames is the ultimate fighting competition .
It 's where brain turns into brawn , electronics trump athletic prowess and the arena is heavy not with sweat , but with the smell of solder and burnt metal .
At this year 's games , held in the sleepy Silicon Valley town of San Mateo , California , some 500 robots from 17 countries competed , while at least 5,000 spectators witnessed the mechanized mayhem .
" It ’s just like the Olympics , but for robots , " says David Calkins , founder and one of the organizers of Robogames .
At Robogames , robots compete for medals across categories such as combat , soccer , hockey , sumo and kung fu .
Scores are tallied and medals awarded .
But fun and games aside , Robogames also helps advance technology breakthroughs , says Calkins .
" There ’s nothing that motivates a person more than losing , " he says .
" If you are an athlete you train harder but if you are an engineer you spend more time in the garage and rewrite the code .
Without that level of competition , it is difficult to stay motivated . "
There ’s more at stake than just medals : Reputations can be made within the metal - Plexiglas robot combat arena .
And it 's not just for geek cred :
Last year , winning teams from Indonesia and Mexico found themselves invited to meet with the presidents of their respective countries .
Want to see what it takes to make a competitive robot ?
Watch our video , below , or click here : What 's Inside a Winning Battle Bot .
Then , read on for some highlights from this year 's games .
Photo courtesy Willow Garage
Mech Warfare — — ——
One of the popular , relatively new categories at Robogames is Mech Warfare .
Instead of the heavy , armored combat bots for which Robogames is best known , Mech Warfare pits bipedal , quadrupedal and hexapod robots shooting plastic ammunition against each other .
Wheeled robots are n’t allowed to participate .
" The concept is to recreate the mech - warrior and battle - tech type of war games that were popular on PCs and tabletops , " says Andrew Alter , who organized the event .
" Our emphasis is not on destroying the opponent but more about scoring and strategy . "
All the robots involved have an on - board wireless camera .
Each robot's operator has to view the fight through the robot's POV camera to score a hit .
The entire arena is mocked up like a city complete with miniature buildings , alleys and parked cars , increasing the challenge , since robots can sneak up on one another or use the environment for tactical advantages .
The 12 - minute match starts off with 20 hit points for each player .
The robots lose a point each time they take a hit .
The hits are monitored and relayed wirelessly to a scoreboard .
Alter ’s robot Giger won the second place in that category .
Photo : Andrew Alter
Robotinno — ——
Picture tiny robots manipulated into kicking a ball to win .
That ’s soccer for you in the world of robots .
Robo - soccer has two teams of three robots playing against each other .
If any of the robots fail during the competition , the team goes on without it .
Robotinno , a 12 - inch tall robot that weighs about 3.5 pounds , won the event and brought home the only prize for Taiwan .
Despite its rookie status – it was Robotinno ’s first year at the event – the robot beat players from the United States and Hong Kong .
" The robot uses [ a ] servo motor in each part so it moves like a human , " says Choi Hung , director at Kowatec , an Oakland , California , company that serves as a distributor for the Taiwanese robot - kit maker .
" And you can program it so its features are as much the human as the hardware . "
Robotinno is easy enough to put together .
The robot kit costs about $ 850 and thermometer and barometer modules are available .
The programming is done using a modified Visual Basic language .
Photo : Snarkolepsy
Texai vs. Phun Bot — — — — ——
Robogames has a lot of scheduled events , but every so often there ’s an impromptu match that turns out to be a lot of fun .
Texai vs. Phun
Bot is one of them .
Texai is a remote - control robotics platform from the open source robotics company Willow Garage , while Phun Bot is a robot that mixes and serves drinks .
The two bumped into each other at the event , setting the stage for a quick match , says Ken Conley , a software engineer at Willow Garage .
" If there ’s ever a category for most useless combat robot , these two would be in it , " says Conley .
The two robots do n’t have any armor or weapons but that did n’t stop them from a face - off .
Their version of a fight meant bumping into each other .
" It was more of a comedy than a battle , " says Conley .
But for those who insist on keeping score , Texai was asked to leave the ring at the end .
Photo courtesy Willow Garage
Ziggy — –
A 340 - pound titanium robot , Ziggy is a Robogames champion :
It has won three gold medals in the heavyweight combat category .
This year , Ziggy did n’t get off to a good start .
During a lead - up to Robogames , Ziggy was pitted against San Francisco Forty Niners ' placekicker Joe Nedney in a kick - off contest .
Nedney kicked a football 45 yards while Ziggy , the robot , failed to clear the goalposts in two attempts at that distance .
Luckily for Ziggy , it was n’t part of the competition .
At the Robogames event where Ziggy was up against his own kind , he readily trounced the competition .
Just ask his opponents .
Tom Hartley , professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of Akron , has a robot called CombatBot pitted against Ziggy .
" Ziggy threw us all over the ring , " he says .
" Our weapons system failed quickly and the internals of the CombatBot were thrown everywhere . "
Overnight , Hartley and his students fixed up the CombatBot for a second round , only to have Ziggy pound them again .
Photo : Evan Ackerman/Botjunkie.com
Firefighting robot — — — — ——
CombatBot lost the fight against Ziggy but that did n’t deter University of Akron professor Tom Hartley and his students .
They competed in another category called ' Fire Fighting Robots ' .
The goal of the fire - fighting robot is to be able to navigate a house and locate the source of a fire .
Fire - fighting bots can be either bipedals , cubes , box - shaped or even round .
Cubes and box - shaped robots are desirable because they have wheels .
Wheeled robots are easier to manipulate than robots with legs , says Hartley .
The University of Akron ’s robot was a 15 - inch cube that weighed about 10 pounds .
The unidentified robot in the picture is not Akron 's but shares many of the basic features found in most robots in the category .
It has sensors that can detect heat , light and changes in temperature .
It was n’t the winner in the category though .
The robot that bagged the gold medal was the Indonesian team ’s walking fire - fighting robot .
Hartley 's students had some consolation to offset their two losses :
The university won the gold for the BalanceBot , a Segway - like robot whose goal is to balance itself on two wheels .
Photo courtesy Willow Garage
Brain vs. Brawn — — — ——
Robogames is n’t just about engineers and DIY hobbyists .
Behind - the - scenes technicians like Fon Davis make some of the more interesting props used in the competition .
Davis , a prop maker for Hollywood , created the city that was the setting for the Mech Warfare event .
The replica , built on a 1:24 scale , had some amazingly lifelike designs , including a miniature yellow taxi .
The walls were made of plaster so that they 'd sustain damage when hit by the Mech Warfare bots ' pellets – an effect the organizers hoped would look especially good when filmed with their high - speed HD cameras .
Today ’s robots lack visual appeal , says Davis .
" Lots of people design robots to be practical , not artistic , " he says .
" I want to try to bring in robots with an aesthetic slant so it takes the whole sport to a greater level of entertainment .
It 's not just about winning . "
A design and props maker , Davis has worked on films such as Star Wars , the Matrix series and Planet of the Apes to create models .
" Most people are doing this in their free time .
They are focused on technical goals so they do n’t want to get into the aesthetics of it , " he says .
But it 's not that hard to pretty up a combat bot .
Sometimes it ’s as simple as pouring hot plastic over a piece of rigid foam to create a curved outer shell , says Davis .
" The electronics are cool and interesting but they are all over the event , " says Davis .
" The robots need personality and they need clothing . "
Photo : Fon Davis
An Orange County man has pleaded guilty to conspiracy for his role in smuggling songbirds into the United States from Vietnam by hiding them in another man 's pants .
Duc Le of Garden Grove entered the plea in federal court in Los Angeles on Monday .
The 34 - year - old man faces up to five years in prison when he is sentenced in June .
Codefendant Sony
Dong pleaded guilty last year to illegally importing wildlife after authorities discovered 14 songbirds strapped to his legs on a flight from Vietnam to Los Angeles .
Authorities say the birds could have been sold for up to $ 400 each .
The birds survived the trip .
Le was arrested after investigators found 51 songbirds at his home .
Dong faces up to 20 years in prison when he is sentenced April 26 .
-- Associated Press
Animal news on the go : Follow Unleashed on Facebook and Twitter .
A file photo provided by the Justice Department shows Sony Dong with songbirds strapped to his legs after being detained at Los Angeles International Airport .
Credit : Associated Press
By Federico Fuentes , Caracas
April 10 , 2010 -- Bolivia Rising --
Although final figures will not be known until April 24 , the results of Bolivia 's April 4 regional elections have ratified the continued advance of the " democratic and cultural revolution " led by the country 's first Indigenous president , Evo Morales .
However , it also highlights some of the shortcomings and obstacles the process of change faces .
Initial results from the election for governors , mayors and representatives to municipal councils and departmental assemblies have confirmed the Morales - led Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS ) as the sole political force with strong support across Bolivia .
It follows the historic 64 % vote to reelect Morales and the two - thirds majority MAS obtained in the Plurinational Assembly last December .
MAS was formed in the mid-1990s by key Bolivian Indigenous and peasant organisations in order to create their own political instrument .
Many of these organisations are at the heart of the indigenous - led revolutionary movement that overthrew two presidents between 2000 - 05 , before electing one of their own in December 2005 .
The Morales government has implemented key demands of the Indigenous and peasant organisations by nationalising gas reserves , allowing the people to participate in the writing of a new constitution that dramaticly expands Indigenous people 's rights , and stimulating an increased sense of pride and dignity among the long - oppressed Indigenous majority .
All this in the face of stiff right - wing opposition that , with its stronghold in the east , used its control over a majority of governorships to attack the Morales government -- climaxing with a failed coup attempt in September 2008 .
Electoral advances
Of the nine governorships , current results show MAS winning in six , with a seventh too close to call .
This is an increase from the three it won in 2005 .
This means MAS has not only strengthened its hold on the west and centre ( consolidating its hold on La Paz and Cochabamba after removing previous opposition governors ) , but also further weakened the decomposing right - wing opposition in the east .
MAS looks set to capture the eastern department of Pando and possibly Beni .
The opposition has held onto the eastern departments of Santa Cruz and Tarija , but MAS 's all - out campaigning in the east ( sites of much of Bolivia 's natural resources and a sizeable white middle class ) meant it penetrated deep into opposition heartland -- increasing its vote in the region .
MAS also won a strong presence in the departmental assemblies .
These are the first elected regional bodies to have the power to legislate within the bounds of the regional autonomy outlined in the new constitution approved in January 2009 .
MAS also increased the number of mayoralties it controls nationally to around 200 - 220 out of the 337 -- up from the 101 won in the 2004 poll .
Another feature of the elections was the introduction -- although limited -- of traditional Indigenous customs for selecting representatives from Bolivia 's 36 Indigenous nations to departmental assemblies .
Using rights enshrined in the new constitution , Indigenous nations selected between two to five representatives for each departmental assembly .
Five of the 11 municipalities that voted in favour of Indigenous autonomy in local referendums last December elected their own mayors and councillors according to traditional customs in the lead up to regional elections .
The decisions were then ratified at the ballot box on April 4 .
The other six decided to elect candidates directly .
Bittersweet victory
Highlighting MAS 's impressive numerical victory , Morales said that elections " are like soccer , the goals are what matter " .
Yet the result was a bittersweet one that throws into sharp relief some of the internal challenges the process of change faces .
MAS 's national vote was 51 % -- less than the 64 % it obtained in December and well short of the 70 % Morales spoke of in his speech to close MAS 's campaign in La Paz .
The impressive showing in the east , the result of both a concerted campaign and some dubious alliances , was dampened by the loss in Tarija , which sits on 80 % of Bolivia 's gas .
Having won the vote in Tajira in December , MAS was certain it could defeat the incumbent governor , a fierce foe of Morales .
Alliances formed by MAS with local elites , such as the MAS candidate for Santa Cruz city , a business owner and ex-member of the right - wing Podemas party , and the recent recruitment of ex-militants of the fascist Santa Cruz Youth Union failed to net goals .
Instead , MAS paid a political and ideological price for its alliances , losing in urban poor areas such as Plan Tres Mil in Santa Cruz .
Rejection of such deals led people in these areas to vote for other candidates .
In Pando , a decision to stand candidates that did not belong to MAS allowed it to win the governorship and 10 of the 15 mayoralties .
However , it means MAS will now have to contend with " MAS mayors " who came from the old traditional parties .
Most significantly , the belief that Morales ' overwhelming popularity could be automatically transferred to MAS candidates , many of whom were imposed from above , and the disregard for alliances with other progressive forces or social movements , led to something unthinkable only a few months ago : the emergence of a new opposition , the centre - left Movement of Those Without Fear ( MSM ) .
Within months , MAS went from having a solid alliance with the MSM , headed by former La Paz mayor Juan Del Granado , to breaking all ties with the MSM and accusing them of being " neoliberal " , " conspirators " and " corrupt " .
The special attention paid by Morales to the campaign for the mayor of La Paz , and the ferocious attack on the MSM ( viewed by many MAS supporters as unnecessary ) was not enough to secure victory in the capital , a MAS stronghold .
The MSM also won a surprise victory against the MAS in the race for the mayor of Oruro , confirming the trend in urban areas of voting for non-MAS candidates .
The MSM stood MAS dissidents angered by the imposition of non-MAS members as MAS candidates .
This policy allowed it to win mayoralties in mining areas with an Indigenous majority in the north of Potosi and even Achacachi -- a heartland of Aymaran Indigenous radicalism where Morales scored 98 % in December .
Formerly considered a party restricted to the middle - class areas of La Paz , the MSM now has a presence in more than 100 municipalities .
Discontent among MAS - aligned social movements and supporters led to defeats in other areas where Morales has near unanimous support .
A newly created party , led by a coca growers ' union leader and former MAS senator Lino Villca , won in six municipalities in the coca growing regions and the altiplano ( high plain area ) of La Paz department .
The MAS won in the combative million - strong city of El Alto , but its vote dropped from more than 80 % to below 40 % .
The surprise was the relatively unknown outsider Soledad Chapeton , whose vote of 30 % represented a rejection of the impositions by local union leaders .
Dangers
La Paz based journalist Pablo Stefanoni said the comments of a local woman on Radio Erbol , that the " vote on Sunday in La Paz is a warning sign to the process of change " , summed up the feelings of many Bolivians .
An April 7 editorial in the pro-government daily Cambio said the results showed " the necessity to strengthen the process of structural change ... consolidate the direct participation of the organised people in the definition of affairs of the Plurinational State and in doing so eradicate improvisation , internal problems and the personal ambitions of some militants in the process of transformation underway " .
On April 6 , Morales commented on the MAS 's defeat in areas that only months ago voted overwhelmingly for him .
Morales blamed internal problems and the personal ambitions of some party leaders " that drag with them a colonial heritage due to which they believes their turn has come to stand for an executive position " .
Dionisio Condori , a leader of the powerful United Union Confederation of Campesino Workers of Bolivia , said : " Our candidates where not taken into consideration because some leaders fell into the game of removing them and imposing others who were not known in the municipality . "
But it is not just the problem of questionable figures from outside the MAS being imposed as candidates .
The MAS is dominated by the specific interests of the different Indigenous and peasant unions that make it up .
Its role in local governments has traditionally been characterised by resisting neoliberal governments and strengthening the position of their organisations .
However , today these same unions are part of the governing party and these practices have often been replaced by inefficiency and improvisation rather than promotion of new participatory forms of local governance .
The challenge of converting MAS from more than a sum of unions into a collective force for change that can nurture the growth of new cadres and participatory forms of local democracy is more pressing than ever .
The rise of a new opposition may open up space for something that has been sorely lacking : an open public debate on how to deepen the transformation of Bolivian society .
Through such a battle of ideas , as opposed to the type of denunciations and unconvincing slanging matches seen so far , the process will be able to solidify and extend its support base .
In this way , it can open itself up to new sectors and pave the way for the kind of broad alliances with all sectors genuinely committed to change that are vital to safeguarding and deepening the process .
Raul Prada , vice - minister for strategic state planning , argued this requires drawing up a " critical balance sheet with the grassroots , with our organisations , with the movements , with the neighbourhood committees , a balance sheet of what has occurred … and to listen to criticism .
" We need to return to the practice of something we have not done for some time : self - criticism and carrying out a deep and objective reflection . "
Graphic by Ashley Cecil .
Statements from left organisations around the world to mark international workers ' day .
* * *
Joint May Day 2010 statement from Asia
Click here to endorse the joint May Day statement
All over the world workers are organising ...
We are organising to demand a living wage .
For health and safety at work .
For compensation and rehabilitation .
For the rights of migrant workers and refugees , for citizenship rights for migrant workers and their families .
For the right to employment on equal terms .
Workers are organising against deportations , against racism , against discrimination .
Workers are organising against wars that are a disaster to millions of workers .
Workers are organising for secure jobs .
Against casualisation , contracting out and outsourcing .
Workers are organising for the rights of women workers .
For better working conditions , to stop work becoming harder , faster , more stressful and dangerous .
For shorter working hours , for paid leave and paid holidays .
For affordable housing and health care .
For free education and welfare , against child labour and poverty and inequality .
Workers are organising for the rights of Indigenous communities who have been stripped of their land and resources .
Workers are organising to fight discrimination against minorities , women , lesbians and gays .
While we struggle against these problems , we see that our planet is being ruined through reckless , wasteful and unsustainable production for proft .
Workers can fix these problems .
Workers can reorganise all industry to produce for peoples ’ need instead of proft .
Resources can be distributed to people and places who need them so that our children will have a future .
To do this workers have to dismantle imperialism and the capitalist system .
We need to make decisions together in our own workplaces , unions and political organisations about the way production and sharing need to be restructured .
We need this .
We have the numbers .
We control production .
Capitalists will be defeated .
Read in bahasa .
Click here to endorse the joint May Day statement
Endorsed by :
All Pakistan Federation of United Trade Unions
Anadolu Kultur Merkezi ( Anatolian Cultural Centre , Australia )
Australia Asia Worker Links , Australia
Bangladesh Saniukta Tanti Samity ( National Organisation of Self Employed Handloom Weavers Workers , Bangladesh )
Chennai Metro Construction & Unorganised Workers Union Tamilnadu , India
ChinaWorker
Committee for Asian Women , Thailand
Committee for a Workers ' International , Malaysia
Communications Union CEPU ( T&S Vic ) , Australia
Disability Support Pensioners Australia
Ejaz Ul Haque Siddiqui ( Pakistan Workers Federation )
G.R.S.E. Workmen 's Union , India
Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union
ITGLWF Philippines council
Jatio Garment Sramik Federation ( National Garment Workers Federation , Bangladesh )
Jatiyo Sramik Jote ( National Workers Unity , Bangladesh )
Kesatuan Kebangsaan Pekerja - Pekerja Perusahaan Alat - Alat Pengangkutan Dan Sekutu ( National Union of Transport Equipment & Allied Industries Workers , Malaysia )
Konfederasi Kongres Aliansi Serikat Buruh Indonesia -- KASBI ( Confederation Congress of Indonesia Unions Alliance )
Korea Federation of Construction Industry Trade Unions
Latin American Solidarity Network -- LASNET , Australia ( Red de Solidaridad con los Pueblos Latinoamericanos )
Migrant Workers Solidarity Network , Bangladesh
Migrants Rights Council , India
New Trade Union Initiative , India
Pakistan Labour Federation
Partai Rakyat Demokratik -- PRD ( Peoples Democratic Party , Indonesia )
Parti Sosialis Malaysia -- PSM ( Socialist Party of Malaysia )
Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Strength of the People Party , Philippines )
Partido ng Manggagawa ( Labor Party , Philippines )
Peace and Justice for Colombia , Australia
Perhimpunan Rakyat Pekerja ( Working People Association , Indonesia )
Progressive Labour Party , Australia
Revolutionary Socialist Party , Australia
Socialist Alliance , Australia
Socialist Alternative , Australia
Socialist Party , Australia
Socialist Worker , Arotearoa New Zealand
Solidarity , Australia
Textile Garments Workers Federation , Bangladesh
Trade Unions of the Philippines and Allied Services
Unite , Australia
Workers ' Liberty , Australia
Workers ' Rights Coalition , Australia
Socialist Party of Malaysia May Day statement
On April 29 , 2010 , just two days before May Day ( International Workers ' Day ) , the Security Services Association of Malaysia ( the employers ’ union ) boldly held a press conference to announce that it will not implement the pay hike for security guards promised by the federal government by July 1 , 2010 .
The government ’s response was to backtrack by resorting to its usual subterfuge of " studying " the matter ( which effectively means sending it to cold storage ) .
If that is n’t a damning indictment of who is the boss around here and what lies ahead for workers , what else is ?
What is the reality of life come May 1 , 2010 , for 70 % of the Malaysian population ?
For this 70 % comprising the working class and other labouring people life has gotten bleaker with the Malaysian government wholeheartedly embracing the neoliberal globalisation economic model .
Everything possible is done to appease and entice both domestic and foreign capital , all based on boosting profits by cutting costs for investors .
Since the cost of factors of production such as overheads and raw material cannot be tweaked , the brunt of this cost saving is transferred to workers .
And so workers get no minimum wage , with employers paying wages as low as RM400 or even less a month for eight hours of work .
Three million migrant workers who do the three Ds -- dirty , difficult and dangerous jobs -- are here courtesy of the government to keep wages depressed .
Employers are free to cut costs by cutting down the workforce and driving their workers to produce for them in two 12 - hour shifts what used to be done in three eight - hour shifts .
Meanwhile the cost of living continues to skyrocket , as the government turns over public services and basic amenities for profit making to capitalists .
The ongoing privatisation of water , health care and education , assets once held in trust by the government for the people , compound the problem of low wages by depriving people of what was previously enjoyed at very subsidised rates .
Quality education , health care and transport are now only for those who can afford , thus lowering living standards and making the lowly paid working class second - class citizens in their own country .
The well - fed ruling elite have tried to cover up the huge divide between the working masses and the exploitative capitalist class by using all kinds of propaganda and diversionary tactics .
Its " One Malaysia " slogan , for example , aims to lull workers into believing that all Malaysians are one big happy family , even though our gini coefficient ranks us the second worst in all of Asia in terms of income inequality in our society .
The only message we can draw this May Day from the rapidly worsening situation of workers is that enough is enough : it is time for workers to unite and wrest back at least the benefits we have lost .
Let us remember and be guided by the heroic struggle of May 1 , 1886 , and the sacrifice of the Chicago Haymarket Square workers of the May Day movement for an eight - hour workday .
Their struggle led to the realisation of the eight - hour workday and the declaration of the May 1 as a public holiday .
The Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) stands in solidarity with all working peoples in the struggle for a world in which the producers of wealth are able to enjoy the fruits of their labour .
As a party whose raison d’etre is justice for the working masses , the PSM has endeavoured to stay focused on issues facing the working class , with our most recent campaign against the goods and services tax , succeeding in postponing its implementation .
Revolutionary May Day greetings !
Workers of the world unite !
Rani Rasiah , deputy secretary general , PSM
Socialist Alliance , Australia : May Day 2010 --
Let ’s get serious about building an alternative
What more do federal and state Labor governments have to do to workers before we start getting serious about building a working - class political alternative to the Australian Labor Party ?
Look at the first four months of 2010 :
Occupational health and safety standards have been reduced in the name of “ harmonisation ” , even as deaths on building sites have climbed since the Australian Building and Construction Commission gestapo was set up ;
[ Deputy prime minister ] Julia Gillard has called on high school parents to strike break and oversee literacy and numeracy tests if the Australian Education Union goes ahead with a ban on their introduction ;
Since “ modern , simplified ” awards came into force under Fair Work Australia , tens of thousands of workers face wage cuts and are being driven to appeal to Fair Work Australia to ensure they will not be worse off ;
The latest report of the International Labor Organisation ’s Committee of Experts has confirmed that the ABCC breaches conventions signed by Australia .
The ILO is waiting for Canberra “ to indicate any measures taken to instruct the ABCC to refrain from imposing penalties or commencing legal proceedings ” while new legislation is before parliament .
But Julia Gillard has ignored the ILO ’s request .
She has also made a point of visiting the Pilbara to show her solidarity with the mining bosses and — effectively backing the ABCC — scold workers at the Pluto LNG processing plant who struck “ illegally ” against Woodside Petroleum ’s plan to force them from fixed to motel accommodation .
Bosses are using the enterprise bargaining agreement ( EBA ) to tie unions up in endless costly litigation , as in the Tahmoor ( NSW ) mineworkers ' EBA struggle .
For 18 long months multinational mining giant Xstrata has refused to negotiate the EBA in good faith , using dirty tactics such as lock - outs to wear the mineworkers down .
The Labor government of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ’s industrial law is making it near impossible for the union movement to defend workers around issues not covered by their EBA .
In the face of the pay cut of $ 10 - $ 25 a week due to the wage freeze imposed by the last decision of the Fair Pay Commission , the Australian Council of Trade Unions ( ACTU ) is claiming a $ 27 increase in the minimum wage , affecting 1.4 million workers .
ACTU secretary Jeff Lawrence recently took four of these workers to hear him address the National Press Club and challenged “ anyone to look them in the eye and tell them they do n’t deserve a pay rise ” .
And what if the new minimum wage panel of Fair Work Australia decides they do n’t ?
Unions can’t launch industrial action in defence of the low - paid without breaking the law .
They would also face massive fines if they walked off to demand serious action on global warming , to protest Labor ’s own industrial law or to show solidarity with workers in struggle anywhere .
And that ’s just at the federal level .
In NSW and Queensland workers and unions have been fighting hated privatisations .
No wonder that polling by Unions NSW shows that a majority of union members would vote Green , independent or the conservative Liberal - National Coalition at the next NSW election , and that more unionists would vote Liberal - National than ALP !
ALP link a millstone
So why should unions continue to support Labor ?
We ’ve all heard the standard reply — the Liberal - National Coalition would be worse and Labor has to be supported to keep them out of office .
The latest expression of this line is the ACTU ’s campaign against federal Liberal Party opposition leader Tony Abbott — he ’d bring back Work Choices by another name .
As long as this argument rules in the union movement we are doomed to permanent retreat — bound to support one slightly less anti-union party over the other .
And Labor governments will always get away with implementing the smallest possible improvements — safe in the knowledge that their union supporters will paint these as massive pro-worker reforms .
Take the ACTU ’s recent celebration of the first year of the Fair Work Act .
Because it has abolished Australian workplace agreements , partially restored protection from unfair dismissal , put in place a slightly improved safety net and an arbitration system with draconian powers ( “ independent umpire ” )
Jeff Lawrence describes Fair Work Australia as “ light years away from Work Choices ” !
Of course Abbott will try to put as much of Work Choices back on the agenda as he can .
Yet while unions must warn about this danger , why do they have to remain virtually silent about Labor ’s failure to rip up Work Choices ?
Why does the ACTU never point out that Fair Work Australia is actually worse than Howard ’s 1996 Workplace Relations Act ?
Why must it mean that Labor gets almost unconditional support , both political and financial ?
Let ’s not forget that Labor has refused to repeal Malcolm Fraser 's Liberal - National Coalition government ’s 1977 secondary boycott laws and all subsequent penal provisions .
These make organised labour unequal in law with employer organisations .
Under Fair Work Australia our right to organise is also stuck at an enterprise level — unlike the employers who can set their prices and conditions of sale across entire industries .
That defeat was imposed by the Paul Keating federal Labor government .
As a result our unions as a whole have become weaker even with every success at the negotiating table .
That ’s because the best EBA result still accepts a legal framework which binds us to show no solidarity with our fellow workers .
Stronger unions may win good agreements , but weaker ones lose out and workers increasingly wonder about the value of unions at all .
To stop this retreat we must grasp that support for the Labor Party is not key to keeping the Liberals out of office .
The best way — which also keeps the Labor Party under pressure — is for unions to remain independent of the ALP and run strong campaigns for their members .
Then workers who see that the ALP has failed to deliver will be much less likely to vote for the worse option of the Liberal Party .
At election time our unions should support all candidates prepared to stand with organised labour in pursuit of our rights — socialists , Greens , independents and even Labor candidates who pledge to put workers interests first .
Getting serious about an alternative to Labor
There are heartening signs that some in the trade union movement are searching for an alternative to the political retreat of our movement .
Victorian Electrical Trades Union secretary Dean Mighell has called for unions to break their ties with Labor ; the ETU Queensland branch has sacked two MPs who refused to oppose the state ALP government ’s privatisations ; the Victorian branch of the CFMEU has called for a Senate vote for the Greens .
These signs must be strengthened .
The crucial step is to spread the growing discussion on union political representation out to all union members .
This could start with special delegate seminars where the arguments for and against unions breaking with the ALP could be debated .
The discussion would involve financing existing political parties .
One important point would be to deduct all fines — starting with fines imposed through the ABCC — from donations to the ALP , redistributing them to alternative parties and independents .
Thirdly , unions committed to creating an alternative political voice for working people should discuss with all left , progressive and community organisations how they might become involved .
That approach would also put positive pressure on the divided left to seek greater unity .
For its part , the Socialist Alliance is 100 % committed to helping build a political voice — a new workers ’ party — that would truly represent and fight for our interests .
Let us work together and help meet the most important challenge facing working people in this country !
Socialism –
An idea whose time has come !
Socialist Party USA statement
“ Ideas ” , someone once wrote , “ move rapidly when their time comes ” .
As we gather to celebrate May Day 2010 , the continuing capitalist crisis makes socialism an idea ready to move rapidly .
While the banks have received trillion - dollar bailouts , working people still face mass unemployment , state and local budget cuts and deepening personal debt .
Capitalist crisis has made the socialist vision of a world where human needs are put ahead of individual profits even more relevant .
Our task on May Day is to convert socialism from a good idea into a movement to transform our society .
Capitalism exposed
The recent economic crisis was more than a banking crisis or a housing price bubble .
It was a demonstration that there is a fundamental problem at the centre of capitalism .
That problem lies in the nature of corporations themselves .
Noam Chomsky once described corporations as “ unaccountable private tyrannies ” .
There is no democracy inside of a corporation and , as a result , there is no democracy on our worksites .
Corporations are undemocratic entities created only to make profits from exploiting the labour of workers .
The undemocratic corporate model now also dominates US politics .
A corrupting system of campaign donations and lobbying ensures that both Democrats and Republicans serve the interests of corporate America .
When corporate profits declined , politicians began handing out trillions of dollars in public money to them .
When these same corporations fired millions of workers , neither Democrat nor Republican attempted to stop them .
Socialist solutions
Socialism offers an alternative to undemocratic profit - mad capitalism .
By ensuring that people ’s needs for housing , healthcare , education and employment are guaranteed , a socialist society will offer equality of opportunity .
By bringing democracy to the economy through worker ’s control of production , we will make sure that the place where most people spend their adult lives operates democratically .
By organising participatory budgeting , we will put people at the center of the system – fully empowered to make decisions concerning the future of the society they live in .
The powerful necessity of socialist ideas can be seen most clearly with the issue of immigration .
The capitalist state presents restrictions and police actions as the proper way to keep immigrants in line .
Conversely , socialists support the rights of all workers regardless of their status .
We support the creation of an unconditional amnesty program and seek to build solidarity amongst workers throughout the world .
Where capitalism offers raids and the border police , we support human freedom and social solidarity
May Day -- our day
May Day is our day .
A day when trade unionists , anarchists and socialists gather to state clearly that another world is possible .
This other world is a democratic participatory one , where resources are shared for the betterment of humanity .
However , democratic socialism will not come about spontaneously – we must get organised .
So , today we invoke the names of Eugene Debs , of Caesar Chavez , of Dr. Martin Luther King to call on all working people to join the struggle for socialism .
Move rapidly , act boldly , we have a world to win !
[ Socialist Party USA : http://socialistparty-usa.org/.]
Malaysia : Rally against the GST come May Day !
May Day is not something new in Malaysia .
In fact 2010 will be the 16th time May Day is celebrated in Malaysia to mark the annual celebration to commemorate workers ' struggles for their rights .
It also highlights the plight of marginalised workers in the country .
May Day which will see a peaceful rally against the goods and services tax ( GST ) to spread awareness to the people at large about its negative implications upon them should the GST be implemented .
The theme for this year 's annual celebration cannot be more appropriate than " GST : Makes Poor Poorer " .
A little walk along the road of history though ; the May Day celebration which is the idea of the May Day Committee first came about in Malaysia in 1994 and ever since it has been an annual event which sees NGOs , political figures and people of all walks of life gather at a focus point in a chosen state .
Last year 's May Day was held at Dataran Seremban in Negeri Sembilan and the theme was the recession and how the people should be " saved " and not the capitalist cronies .
2010 May Day
This year 's celebration will be jointly organised by two bodies , the Malaysian Trades Union Congress ( MUTC ) and the May Day Committee .
It will be held at Dataran Merdeka at 11 am , starting with speeches followed by a walk to Kampung Atap where the Inland Revenue Board of Malaysia 's building is situated .
There will be distribution of pamphlets to the general public -- all in the good name of creating awareness .
In conjunction with the upcoming May Day celebration , the committee 's secretariat held a press conference on April 20 at the Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall to give a better view of the 2010 celebration .
No to GST
This year 's theme , " GST : Makes Poor Poorer " is one of the core factors which accelerates the struggle on the committee to champion the rights of the working class .
The committee comprises social bodies and NGOs such as the Oppressed People 's Network ( JERIT ) ; Suara Rakyat Malaysia ( Suaram ) ; Malaysian Youth and Student Democratic Movement ( DEMA ) and Saya Anak Bangsa Malaysia ( SABM ) , among others .
Political parties such as PAS and the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) also make up the ambitious components of the May Day committee .
Where the GST is concerned , Aruthchelvan , secretary - general of PSM isaid the new tax would hit the working class and lower income groups hardest .
He explained that income disparity has widened and the government 's New Economic Model ( NEM ) clearly indicates that .
" Government statistics shows that income disparity is going up and with such situation , how can the GST , which takes the burden off the rich and shifts it to the poor help ? " , he said during the press conference .
The GST will reduce corporate and income tax but lower income people must pay the GST even if they do not earn enough to pay income tax .
[ Abridged fromvia JERIT . ]
This web site lists free and open source project management tools and task management software that can be used to manage software development projects .
Project management tools are often specialized according to a specific project management approach : traditional ( Waterfall ) , Agile , Scrum , Kanban , Lean , etc .
The traditional project management approach is supported by the Project Management Institute ( PMI ) that proposes the Project Management Professional ( PMP ) and CAPM certifications .
This approach uses sequential phases of different activities to deliver software .
The features provided by traditional open source project management tools are the Work Breakdown Structure ( WBS ) , the Gantt and PERT charts to describe the sequences of tasks , find the critical path , resource allocation graphs , mind maps and risk management .
Some allows also to do some time tracking and document sharing .
The German version of RIA Novosti reports that Russia hopes to gain more precise weather forecasts , new findings on global warming and improved exploration of new oil and gas reserves from its planned , new Arktika Satellite system .
http://de.rian.ru/science/20100429/126119398.html
The Arktika System , which is made up of 5 satellites , is a whole new instrument that will deliver absolutely new data on climate change says Alexander Bedrizki , Climate Appointee of the Russian President .
The project will allow continous observation of the Arctic 24 hours per day and be able to measure water temperature and ice thickness .
The project will also have economic value because the Arctic holds huge oil and gas reserves .
The project will also enable commerical flights to pass over the Arctic .
Alexander Frolow Director of the Russian Weather Service hopes to generate more accurate weather forecasts and to better assess events such as the recent Iceland volcano eruption which was above 60° north latitude .
Current satellite systems were not able to accurately track the cloud of ash from afar .
Russian aerospace company Lawotschkin will begin work on the project this year .
Two communications satellites , two waether satellites and a radar satellite for measring ice and exploring natural resources will be developed and launched into space .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Dear editorial staff of the Washington Times , You unconscionableI believe in freedom of speech , but with that freedom comes , yes , responsibility , since we would not care about such freedoms if words had no meaning .
It is reprehensible that what you choose to do with your semi-anonymous platform is to fan the fires of irrational fear and hatred by spewing hate - speech against a small minority .
I should not be forced to pay taxes for schools in which discrimination in hiring practices contributes to the unemployment rate of transsexuals .
I should not be forced to pay taxes for schools in which children are taught to be hateful of anyone who does not live exactly as they do .
If you truly feel it is your right to teach your children to be bigots , do it on your own dime , in your own home .
But yes .
Let ’s talk about the children .
Let ’s talk about Larry King , shot to death by an eighth grade classmate who thought that was an acceptable response to “ gender - variant ” behavior .
Let ’s talk about children beaten to death by their parents for gender - variant behavior .
Or beaten to death out of fear of future gender - variant behavior .
Worse , let ’s talk about the states in which it isto attempt to beat the gay out of your child , as long as you only leave bruises in the appropriate locations .
Let ’s talk about Cameron McWilliams , the ten year - old transgendered child who saw no other option but suicide .
At There is a common thread to arguments such as yours – that we transsexuals should stay in our place , which is , presumably , away from children .
Actually , judging by your frequent use of the word “ she - male ” in a desperate attempt to strip us of our humanity , you watch a great deal of pornography .
It is extremely telling and sad that you cannot imagine us in any situation that is not hyper - sexualized .
Let ’s talk about the consequences of teaching children that cruelty is acceptable as long as the victim is “ not normal . ”
Let ’s talk about the consequences of teaching children that the only acceptable lifestyle for transsexuals is starring inpornography .
Children grow up , but they do not grow out of the violence they are taught to perpetrate and condone in childhood .
I do n’t expect you to care , but I ’m including this just in the off - chance that even a single member of your editorial staff has a shred of basic human decency .
In a recent study , 70 % of transsexuals surveyed reported having experienced harassment in the workplace .
This harassment regularly included physical violence .
From that report , Your editorial directly justifies such behavior .
Your words seek to incite assault , rape , and murder .is no idle threat .
Your transphobia is based on lies , idle speculation , and rampant bigotry .
There is no threat to you or your own .
The onlyhere is the one that we face every day as , yes , a class of citizens whose sole day of solidarity is one during which we remember our dead .
Your right to your unfounded opinions does not trump my right to live .
Unnatural ?
Unnatural like birth control ?
Like blood pressure medication , concrete floors and brick walls ?
Unnatural like electric lights and indoor plumbing ?
Unnatural like prosthetic limbs , penicillin , and pacemakers ?
You do n’t give half a crap about “ natural ” versus “ unnatural .
” Nevermind that if the transphobic assholes in the world did n’t have a fetish for prying into personal medical histories , the children would most certainly not know .
Would you like to take a guess at who I ’ve heard give the most graphic description of gay sex in a classroom ?
Would you like to guess ?
She was not a lesbian or a transsexual , she was a straight , cissexual woman who thought it was appropriate to give her students a graphic description of gay sex acts in order to share her horrified fascination .
Okay , let ’s talk about psychological disorders .
Your words seem to indicate some fear of those who suffer from mental illnesses , with the certainty that this is a reasonable response .
It is not .
I refuse to duck the stigma that comes from remaining in the DSM - IV ( and being shoe - horned into the DSM - V ) .
People .
Have .
Mental .
Illnesses , the severity of which can range from short - term issues ( similar to catching a cold , most likely fine in a few days ) to the mental equivalent of a long - term physical illness .
Long term mental illnesses can in many cases be managed , and even people with severe mental illness can live full lives , work jobs , and are no threat to anybody .
People who suffer from mental illness are far more likely to be the victim of a violent crime than the perpetrator .
Shame on you , too , for not doing the slightest bit of research on this subject . , and you could n’t be arsed to do a five second Google search ?
If you had , it would have turned up the information that , yes , mental disorders are included in the disability protected class .
It is already illegal under federal law to discriminate based on mental disorders .
Your words also feed into the stigma that mental illnesses are personality flaws , rather than illnesses , a stigma that keeps people from getting the treatment they need .
For you , this may be idle , disgusted speculation .
For us , this is quite literally life and death .
Your words are unacceptable .
Keffy R. M. KehrliEdited to add : While the newspaper in question is of extremely dubious quality , it was more of a " straw that broke the camel " than anything else .
It was certainly not the first time I had seen statements like these , and I rather doubt it will be the last .
WT might be the " mouthpiece of a cult " but there are enough other people who feel this way ( as evidenced by violence statistics alone ) that I felt this post needed to be written .
Edited again to add : Yes , please do repost , link , retweet , facebook , etc .
I have no bandwidth limitation , as this is hosted on LiveJournal .
Thank you , all those of you who already have , and those of you who will in the future .
These kind of fetish movies is our ...
2,629,120 06:55
Tattoo babes Joanna Angel Silvia Ru ...
2,565,163 05:48
Eastern Saya Tachibana posing for t...
1,448,933 05:10
Hot Vixen Penelope Masturbates With ...
2,524,753 06:01
Travesti putota se la coje una verg ...
2,353,166 10:29
Czech slut Antonia Sainz banged for ...
2,516,575 06:12
Tgirl Rochielle Schawmann touching ...
2,557,548 05:10
Old gay bear and twink It was anoth ...
1,168,190 05:56
Small mexican teen first time I had ...
2,429,414 05:00
Arab student Desperate Arab Woman F...
2,402,561 05:00
Abella squirted all over her bed 2,378,762 05:30
Mass extinction , ocean acidification , deforestation , pollution , desertification , and climate change : the environmental issues facing the world are numerous and increasingly global in nature .
To respond more effectively , the United Nations is considering forming a World Environmental Organization or WEO , similar to the World Trade Organization .
The idea was first seriously considered at Copenhagen in December , but has taken a step forward at an annual meeting of the United Nation Environment Program ( UNEP ) in Nusa Dua , Indonesia .
Executive director of UNEP , Achim Steiner , said that governments were showing support for the idea .
“ The status quo … is no longer an option .
Within the broader reform options , the WEO concept is one of them , ” Steiner said according to Reuters .
“ Governments established a high - level ministerial group to continue this process with greater focus and also urgency .
That group will convene within a few months . ”
Details as to whether or not the new organization would have the power to sanction nations for breaking international law — like the World Trade Organization — have not been decided .
Related articles
Head of UN urges ‘ a wake - up call ’ to save biodiversity
( 02/14/2010 ) Speaking at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said that “ business as usual is not an option ” to protect the world ’ s biodiversity .
The failure of governments worldwide to meet their pledges to protect biodiversity by 2010 is “ a wake up call ” according to Ki-moon .
“ Nature does not negotiate , ” warns UN head on arrival in Copenhagen
( 12/15/2009 )
With talks at the Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen ailing significantly — but by no means hopeless — the UN Secretary - General , Ban -Ki Moon , arrived today announcing : “ We do not have another year to negotiate .
Nature does not negotiate . ”
Global campaign has planted 7 billion trees
( 09/23/2009 )
The campaign to plant seven billion trees has achieved its goal , the United Nations announced Tuesday .
7.3 billion trees have been planted in 167 countries since the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) launched the initiative in 2006 .
The effort aimed to sequester vast amounts of carbon from the atmosphere while generating benefits for human populations and wildlife .
Even Scout camp involved minimal authority , and its relative chaos was salutary .
I earned badges for rowing and sailing  skills that have served me to this day .
My lifesaving badges and Red Cross certification not only got me jobs at ponds and swimming pools in the Boston area , but enabled me , over the years , to rescue a number of hapless swimmers .
The summer beach and the wooded path were as formative in making me a writer as the public library .
Occasionally we scouts operated as a team ; but most of the time individual effort was what mattered .
My heroes were explorers , mountain climbers and lone sailors ( they still are ) and my fantasy life revolved around bushwhacking and jungle ordeals ( it probably still does ) .
Then , and later , when an adult mentioned the Scouts with a snobbish snigger , I would think : you have no idea .
I also thought : you ’re afraid to let go of your children .
Liberated by the Scouts , I had the confidence to be independent and was allowed to discover my identity in a way that I never could have through team sports .
The Boy Scouts is n’t perfect , “ neither the Hitler Youth of its worst detractors nor the virtuous community of its stalwart defenders , ” writes Jay Mechling in “ On My Honor , ” a clear - sighted analysis of Scouting in American life .
Mr. Mechling ’s criticism is unsparing , but he also speaks about the autonomy of the average troop , how decentralized the organization is , allowing for more latitude than the bureaucrats in the national office might wish  or outsiders might imagine .
That was certainly my experience : we obeyed the rules while remaining ourselves , and it was never about winning .
Sexuality and religion were very far from being the core of my Boy Scout experience .
And yet the question of Scouting ’s ban on homosexuals and atheists is an important one .
The paradox is that the Scouts , with its diverse group of boys , can easily accommodate them .
“ Scouting is for all boys , ” runs the first line in an official Boy Scout publication , from 1967 .
This enlightened pamphlet ( wiser than its title , “ Scouting for the Mentally Retarded ” ) goes on to say , “ Scouting is also for each boy and each boy is different . ”
The Boy Scouts would be doing a great service if it made a few adjustments ( as it did after the era of segregation ) and acted on that crisp acknowledgment of inclusiveness .
Far from eviscerating its principles , accepting gays and atheists would strengthen them .
Anyway , there are already closeted gay scouts , as well as quietly atheist scouts .
Formally excluding gay scouts only makes those 11 - year - olds more isolated and miserable , as well as violating their civil rights .
Some boys are gay and some do n’t pray .
Not only are such boys capable of being good scouts , but the recognition of such traits would help to make their fellow scouts more tolerant , especially at that awkward age .
The Skrooge team is proud to announce the release of version 0.7.0 , bringing new features and a lot of bugfixes .
This release is mainly centered around import & export .
Stephane has been working a lot on many formats , lately , judge by yourself :
Format Comments From version Import Export OFX / QFX
Widely used by banks or applications .
Standard specifications make it the more robust format when available 0.1.0 QIF
Widely used text format , but with no standard specification .
Has some major drawbacks , like not containing the currency used , nor a defined date format .
Skrooge does mostly better in processing this format than other applications , but there might still be some tricks here and there .
CSV
Not a financial specific file formats , but sometimes used by banks or applications .
Skrooge allows very flexible processing of these files .kmy The KMyMoney file format .
0.7.0 .gnc
The GnuCash file format .
.gsb The Grisbi file format .
.xhb The Homebank file format .
Other new features worth noting :
Ability to define the initial balance of an account ( a long time requested feature )
) Ability to manage more account types ( loan ... )
Legend in graphics
Bugfix
As usual , a fair amount of bugfix went in this release .
The changelog contains the full list , the hereafter list is only a subset :
bug 225980 : Share download not in primary currency : value not correct
bug 226451 : .skg file incorrectly identified as password - protected == >
New document icon to identify encrypted files
bug 230175 : Sometimes report plugin resizes Skrooge over the sceen size
bug 232937 : Search & Process : if a category has no operation yet , it does n't appear in the possible categories for " update "
Get it , Try it , Love it ...
... well , we hope ;)
Anyway , go get it from our website , or bug your favorite distro for inclusion .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
As of April 6 , 2010 You must have Java installed to view the molecular visualization .
Chirality & Odour Perception
It had been recognized by chemists in the flavor & fragrance industry since the beginning of the 20th century that certain enantiomeric chemicals , such as menthol and carvone had different & differentiating organoleptic properties .
Perhaps the first rigorously definitive works were by Julius von Braun culminating in the synthesis and odor evaluation of the enantiomers of 3,5 - dimethylcyclohexanone and the 3,5 - dimethylcyclohexanols ( see Geruch und molekulare Asymmetrie , IV .
Mitteilung : Die drei 1.3-Dimethylcyclohexanone - 5 und die vier 1.3- Dimethyl-cyclohexanole - 5 , Berichte der deutschen chemischen Gesellschaft ( A and B Series ) , Volume 60 , Issue 11 , Date : 7 . Dezember 1927 , Pages : 2438-2446 ) .
By the 1960's , a number of processes had been developed for the synthesis of the desired ( - ) - menthol from optically active terpenoids and both ( - ) - carvone and (+ ) - carvone were being manufactured from (+ ) - and ( - ) - limonene respectively by Norda ( --> then Quest International --> now Givaudan ) .
However , the premise that optical enantiomers could have different odours was not generally accepted by various academics ( based partly on an erroneous theory of olfaction proposed by Wright ) until the mid-1970's to 1980 's's .
Admittedly , prior to gas chromatography and other measurments of purification techniques , purity of the enantiomers used for the odour evaluations was always a question .
In addition , a high enantiomeric excess for the chemical is nearly always required for organoleptic evaluations .
A number of reviews on this subject have been written , notably those by Boelens1 , Ohloff 2 and Pickenhagen 3 .
However , many new chemicals and their enantiomeric odour descriptions have been reported since these prior reviews were written .
In this article , we have compiled a list of chemicals for which enantiomeric odour discrimination is known .
Such descrimination is defined as : differing odour descriptors or / and odor strength as determined by threshold measurements .
We greatly appreciate information provided to us by Philip Kraft of Givaudan who along with his associates ( George Frater , Riccardo Cadalbert , Caroline Denis , Jerzy Bajgrowicz , Markus Gautschi , Roman Kaiser , Urs Muller & Walter Eichenberger ) have recently published a number of articles on this subject .
12 -19 These references are cited below .
In addition , in January 2003 , Elisabetta Brenna , Claudio Fuganti and Stefano Serra published an excellent review entitled " Enantioselective perception of chiral odorants " ( Tetrahedron : Asymmetry , 14 ( 1 ) , 142 , 2003 )
Because of the very recent defining of the human odour receptors by Lancet , et. al , and Zozulya , et. al , we thought that making available in concise form , with accurate molecular structures and molecular models ( that are acknowledged olfactorily as 3 - D dependant ) would be a benefit to those working on the definititive concepts of olfaction .
Introduction to Chirality : The concept of " chirality " has been known in chemistry since the 1870's although it would be nearly a hundred years before chemists began using this term .
In fact , in the first edition of Eliel 's " Stereochemistry of Carbon Compounds " in 19624 , the word chiral is not mentioned , although it would be prominant in later editions5 .
In extremely simple terms , chirality is " handedness , " - that is , the existence of left / right opposition .
For example , your left hand and right hand are mirror images and therefor " chiral " .
The term Chiral is derived from the greek name kheir meaning " hand " and apparently was coined by Lord Kelvin in 1904 , in his Baltimore Lectures on Molecular Dynamics and the Wave Theory of Light in which he stated ...
" I call any geometrical figure , or group of points , chiral , and say it has chirality , if its image in a plane mirror , ideally realized , cannot be brought to coincide with itself . "
For a simple video depiction see " Mirror Molecule : Carvone " at NBC Learn .
While the concepts of " asymmetry " were developed by J.H. vant Hoff 6 and J.A. Le Bel7 in 1874 following the resolution by Louis Pastuer of a mixture of tartaric acid salt isomers during the period 1848 - 1853 , in which he picked out the differing crystal types by hand - doing so on the basis of the differing physical appearance of the salt crystals8 .
Pastuer recognized that two of the isomers polarized light differently ( one to the left and the other to the right ) and that this must be due to an asymmetric grouping of atoms in the optically active molecules .
Following Kekule 's recognition in 1858 that carbon has a valence of 49 , vant ' Hoff and Le Bel independently recognized that when four different groups are attached to a carbon atom , arrayed at the corners of a tetrahedron , then the arrangements can be in two different forms , as depicted schematically to the right .
As the number of carbons with assymetry ( chirality ) increase in a molecule the number of possible optical isomers ( enantiomers ) also increases .
With one asymmetric carbon , 2 isomers ... with two asymmetric carbons , 4 isomers , with three asymmetric carbons , 8 isomers ... that is , the number of isomers is 2n , where n = number of asymmetric atoms .
In the early days , chemists often assigned trivial names to differentiate isomers , and enantiomers generally were specified by d- = dextrorotary and l- = leavorotary based on which direction the molecles polarized light .
But Cahn , Ingold and Prelog10 devised a system based on assigning sequence rules based on decreasing atomic number ( and respective rate of substitution for atoms of the same atomic number ) for projection formulas that allows the absolute configuration assignments of R ( for rectus , Latin for right ) and S ( for sinister , Latin for left ) .
Tutorials on the Cahn - Ingold - Prelog R/S notation are available on the internet .
11
These rules are incorporated in the chirality monitor of Accelrys DS Viewer and Discovery Studio Visualizer ( which is free ) .
Very occasionally , DS ViewerPro & Discovery Studio Visualizer provides incorrect assignments ( for example , with the enantiomers of gamma - dihydroionone , gamma - damascone , gamma- ionone & methyl - gamma - cyclogeranate , etc. ) .
However , Cambridegsoft 's ChemDraw Ultra appears to provide 100 % correct C - I - P R, S assignments .
Thus , even without knowing the sequence rules , chemist 's today can rapidly establish the R/S configuration at each asymmetric atom for a given molecular structure in just a few minutes .
The following tables link to molecular visualizations of over 1,400 enantiomers ( >700 enantiomeric pairs ) with odour descriptors and references .
Note : Odour thresholds are from evaluations in water unless otherwise specified .
Technical Notes : The 2D - molecular representations were built with the ChemDraw program .
The 3 - D mol models were prepared first by 3 - D optimization Chem3D Ultra which were then verified in Accelrys DS Viewer Pro or Discovery Studio Visualizer .
As this works poorly ( conformationally ) for certain terpenoids and can be totally inaccurate in absolute configuration for some bicyclics and sesquiterpenoids , many of the more complicated molecules were constructed and energy minimized in Cambridegsoft 's Chem3D or AccuModel and then verified .
References : 1 . Mans H. Boelens , Harrie Boelens & Leo J. van Gemert , Perfumer & Flavorist , Vol. 18 , No. 6 , 1 - 15 , ( 1993 ) 2 . G. Ohloff , Scent and Fragrances , Springer - Verlag ( 1994 ) 3 . W. Pickenhagen , Enantioselectivity in Odor Perception , in Flavor Chemistry - Trends & Developments , ACS Symposium Series , Eds. R. Teranishi , R.G. Buttery & F. Shahidi , American Chemical Society , Washington ( 1989 ) , pp. 151-157 .
4 . Stereochemistry of Carbon Compounds , E. L. Eliel , ( McGraw - Hill Book Company , Inc. , New York , 1962 ) 5 . Stereochemistry of Organic Compounds , Ernest L. Eliel and Samuel H. Wilen ( Wiley , New York , 1994 ) 6 . J.H. va n't Hoff , Bull . soc. chim .
France , [ 2]23 , 295 ( 1875 ) 7 . J.A. Le Bel , Bull . soc. chim .
France , [ 2]22 , 337 ( 1874 ) 8 . L. Pasteur , Two lecturesdelivered to the Societe Chimique de Paris , Jan. 20 & Feb. 3 , 1860 9 . A. Kekule , Ann. , 106 , 154 ( 1858 ) 10 .
R.S. Cahn , C.K. Ingold & V. Prelog , Tetrahedron , 1 , 119 ( 1961 ) 11 .
http://www.chem.ucalgary.ca/courses/350/Carey/Ch07/ch7-6.html
12 . Philip Kraft and Riccardo Cadalbert , Constructing Conformationally Constrained Macrobicyclic Musks , Chem . Eur. J. , 7 , No. 15 , 3254 - 3262 ( 2001 ) 13 .
Philip Kraft , Caroline Denis , and Walter Eichenberger , 5,6,7 - Trimethylocta-2,5 - dien - 4- one 2 A Suspected Odorant with Surprising Olfactory Properties , Eur. J. Org. Chem. , 2363-2369 ( 2001 ) 14 .
Roman Kaiser & Philip Kraft , Neue und ungewöhnliche Naturstoffe faszinierender Blütendüfte , Chemie in unserer Zeit , 35 , No. 1 , 8-23 ( 2001 ) 15 .
Markus Gautschi , Jerzy A. Bajgrowicz , and Philip Kraft , Fragrance Chemistry - Milestones and Perspectives , Chimia 55 , 379387 ( 2001 ) 16 .
George Frater , Jerzy A. Bajgrowicz , and Philip Kraft , Fragrance Chemistry , Tetrahedron , 54 , 7633-7703 ( 1998 ) 17 .
Philip Kraft , Jerzy A. Bajgrowicz , Caroline Denis and George Frater , Odds and Trends : Recent Developments in the Chemistry of Odorants , Angew .
Chem . Int. Ed. , 39 , 2980 - 3010 ( 2000 ) 18 .
Philip Kraft and George Frater , Enantioselectivity of the Musk Odor Sensation , Chirality , 13 , 388394 ( 2001 ) 19 .
Georg Frater , Urs Muller , and Philip Kraft , Preparation and Olfactory Characterization of the Enantiomerically Pure Isomers of the Perfumery Synthetic Galaxolide , Helvetica Chimica Acta , Vol. 82 , 1656-1665 ( 1999 ) 20 .
J.A. Bajgrowicz and G. Frater , Chiral recognition of sandalwood odorants , Enantiomer , 5(3-4):225-34 ( 2000 )
SUE LOWDEN is probably going to be the next senator from Nevada .
The Republican currently holds a double - digit lead over Harry Reid , the incumbent Democrat , in the polls .
Ms Lowden wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act , and last week , she suggested alternative ways for people to pay for medical care : save up to $ 20,000 in a medical savings account , or " barter with your doctor " .
At first , people assumed she meant " haggle " .
But TalkingPointsMemo's Rachel Slajda says that in Ms Lowden 's appearance on a local news programme the day before yesterday , it appeared she really meant " barter " , as in offering goods or services in kind .
Chickens , to be specific .
It 's not clear how far Ms Lowden wants to take this idea of widening the barter economy , but it could have far - reaching ramifications , not just for health - care reform but for financial - sector reform as well .
For example , payment in kind would eliminate many of the risky innovations that led to the financial crisis .
It would be virtually impossible to structure a chicken - based CDO ; sure , you could find buyers for the breast tranche easily enough , but who would take all those necks and feet ?
Leverage rules become much less necessary when you can only hedge with items that actually exist ; it 's hard to imagine the notional value of chicken - based hedges greatly exceeding the number of actual chickens on the planet .
And all this could be accomplished without any new taxes .
That said , I do n't think this paper can come out in support of a sharp move towards reliance on a barter economy .
The consensus weighs firmly in favour of the view that the existence of money has been good for the economy .
This web site is unofficial , and is in no way associated with Presage , Sierra On - Line , GT Interactive , Doug Smith , or anyone else .
Lode Runner® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively to Douglas E. Smith .
© 1983,1994 Douglas E. Smith .
Lode Runner : The Legend Returns : © 1994 Presage Software Development Co. Published in 1994 by Sierra On - Line , Inc .
Lode Runner On - Line : © 1995 Presage Software Development Co. Published by Sierra On - Line , Inc .
Lode Runner 2 : © 1996 , 1998 Presage Software Development Co. Published and distributed by GT Interactive Software Corp .
View part 1 of this series : Design Patterns .
Software metrics do n’t get their dues .
A lot of us use metrics often , but we often do n’t pay attention and realize why or how we ’re using them .
This means we ’re missing a great opportunity to learn about the metrics we use , why , when and where they apply , and potentially even discover some new metrics that might be more helpful for keeping track of our code .
Hopefully this article can shed some light on these metrics we use and explain when and where they ’re best applied as well as when and where they are n’t .
I ’d also like to cover some other metrics that are n’t as popular but might be interesting to know about , especially for dynamic languages such as Python or Ruby .
To be fair there are a lot of kinds of metrics , so saying “ metrics do n’t get their dues ” is sort of like saying “ music does n’t get respect ” .
There are performance metrics , runtime metrics , organizational metrics , even metrics that have little to do with code ( effort estimation , which I ’ll be talking about a little later in this series ) .
There are already plenty of tools that do performance metrics , and a lot of smart people who focus on profiling and benchmarking applications .
That topic seems to get a lot of attention and “ respect ” .
I ’m instead going to focus mainly on static code metrics ; anything dealing with uncompiled , non-running source code .
Should I Really Care About Metrics ?
Static source metrics provide you with a good sense of the overall state of your codebase at a specific time .
This helps you keep track of and manage your code , but more importantly it helps you decide what parts of your code need work , either via refactoring or extra testing .
Note that we touched on tracking .
I ’ll be covering some engineering practices relating to tracking the state of your system in another article ( when I talk about estimation ) .
For now we can assume ( and we generally know ) that keeping track of your code ’s history is a good thing ; that ’s why you ’re using source control , right ?
Metrics give us the numbers to track in our codebase .
This lets us zoom out and deal with our code at a higher level than “ changesets ” .
We can then pinpoint issues of stress and zoom back in only when necessary .
That means less time spent manually staring at code , though I should stress that metrics are no substitute for manual reviews .
But I Test !
A lot of people think that writing good unit tests short - circuit the need for keeping track of the code .
There are a few issues with this .
Firstly , it ’s idealistic , since it depends on perfect test coverage , and we all know our tests are never perfect .
Secondly , metrics are not meant to be your only line of defense , and there ’s nothing wrong with having more than one way to verify code quality .
Lastly , tracking this data helps us identify points of strain in future projects , something tests on our current system cannot help with .
I ’ll be talking about that in a later article , though .
Before We Begin , Some Caveats
I guess now would also be a good time to point out that not all metrics are meant to be accurate .
Some metrics are accurate , but most will at best give you a ballpark figure to work with .
This is not necessarily a bad thing .
These estimations give you a place to start looking or find components that raise a red flag but somehow got through your code review processes .
They ’re not a substitute for code reviews .
Metrics are mostly a science of approximation and thresholds .
As mentioned , there are many things we can track .
But what “ things ” are most important to a software project ?
Let ’s go over some of the more common metrics we ’d want to keep track of and discuss how they can help us .
The Common Metrics
These are the really basic metrics that most of us know about :
Lines of Code ( LoC or KLoC )
Cyclomatic Complexity ( VG )
Test Coverage ( TC )
These metrics do n’t really give you all that much useful information .
However , they do make up a good set of building blocks for some numbers that can give us much more insight into our code .
For all the Rubyists out there , you might be familiar with tools like RCov , Flog , Flay , Roodi , and the like .
These tools basically check the above metrics ( there ’s also a metric for “ duplication ” in there , that one ’s a little less basic ) .
Let ’s talk about these guys :
Lines of Code ( LoC or KLoC )
This is probably the hardest metric to interpret because the way we collect this information can vary greatly .
We already know that the very same algorithm can have wildly different LoC counts depending on which language it is implemented in .
We also know that an algorithm can be rewritten in the same language with wildly different LoC counts .
This means from the outset , LoC can be an unreliable metric depending on how it is used .
There are actually a few ways to count lines of code .
The simplest is to count the number of uncommented , non-whitespace lines in your source files .
However , everyone but a Python programmer knows that we can stuff a lot of complexity into a single line of source , so this is not telling us the whole story .
The more accurate measure of LoC ( good metrics tools will do this ) is to not count “ lines ” , but “ statements ” .
This allows us to treat each statement as if it was on its own line ( something Python programmers already expect ) .
For example , the following Ruby code could either represent 1 LoC or 5 LoC :
10.times { result = flip_coin ; tell_user ( result ) ; again = gets ; break if again == " N " }
Yes , we can golf that Ruby down to 3 LoC , but that ’s not something we ’ll worry about .
In fact , by counting statements rather than lines we can compare this value to our complexity and get a pretty useful result , but I wo n’t ruin the surprise .
We ’ll talk about that later .
The point here is that there are many ways to define what a “ line ” is , so you should know how your tools define this metric .
This might change how you can make use of the data .
As I pointed out , LoC can vary greatly , but that does not make it useless .
Each codebase has its own patterns and conventions , so as long as you maintain consistency in your code , LoC should be able to give you useful information ; but it will only apply to your code , not anyone else’s .
Cyclomatic Complexity ( VG )
In case you 're confused , Cyclomatic Complexity will be abbreviated as VG because it is abbreviated as the function v( G ) in the static analysis tool McCabe IQ .
Cyclomatic Complexity , for those who do n't know , was a metric coined by McCabe , so v(G ) is what I would consider the " official " abbreviation .
In short , cyclomatic complexity is defined as “ the number of independent paths in a function ” , or “ the number of conditional branches + 1 ” .
It ’s a fairly easy one to calculate , though realize that languages with closures are a little harder to deal with since we can’t immediately tell if the closure is a “ conditional ” or “ unconditional ” branch .
This is an important point for dynamic languages with closures ( like Ruby ) , because it means our VG value will be a little less reliable , and we need to take that into account .
The great thing about an accurate VG measure is that it should be equal to the minimum number of tests for complete C1 code coverage .
This means we can easily tell which modules are under - tested by simply comparing this value to the number of tests we have written for said module ( again , ballpark , there are other factors ) .
Note that while runtime tools like Ruby ’s RCov can tell you your C1 coverage , it cannot tell you if your tests are organized properly .
Mapping each code path to a separate test will give you better organized tests , and only VG can help you do this .
Note that Ruby ’s “ Flog ” tool is not a true “ Cyclomatic Complexity ” measurement .
It uses its own heuristics to give you a “ score ” , but you cannot use this number to verify against your tests .
Test Coverage ( TC )
I said we would only discuss static code metrics , but I think this one deserves mentioning because it ’s probably one of the most useful .
TC is a runtime metric and requires a tool that can profile your tests and tell you how much of your codebase they cover ( as a percentage ) .
The Ruby tool for this is RCov as we previously mentioned .
There ’s not much to say here except that TC gives you a good place to start looking when trying to find under - tested components .
Remember , this only gives you test coverage , not test quality , so 100 % coverage is not equal to “ no bugs ” .
Also , as mentioned in the previous section , coverage does not mean your tests are well organized .
If you want to properly organize your tests , you should look at mapping each test to an individual code path , which requires the VG metric .
These are the basic metrics that most of us probably make use of daily .
But as I said , these kinds of metrics are really just the building blocks for the really fun stuff , so let ’s talk about those .
Better Metrics
We can get some pretty useful information out of our source code that some people might not think about tracking .
Data like coupling ( afferent and efferent ) , module stability , essential complexity , essential LoC , defects / loc , weighted methods per class , lack of cohesion of methods .
Most of these metrics come from some pretty great static analysis tools such as McCabe IQ and NDepend .
These tools support most static languages ( plus Perl for some reason ) , but do n’t have much support for dynamic languages like Python or Ruby .
Unfortunate , but hopefully tools like these can be built for those languages .
Anyway , let ’s talk about these metrics .
Afferent Coupling ( Ca ) and Efferent Coupling ( Ce )
Coupling is the measure of how much a module depends on , or is depended on by , other modules .
Afferent Coupling is the measure of dependencies on a module , and Efferent Coupling is the measure of how many other modules a module depends on .
This great graphic from codebetter.com should illustrate the two :
As you see , Afferent Coupling tells us how integral a module might be to the functioning of other modules .
One thing you would want to make sure is that modules with a high Ca value are properly tested , as bugs in these modules are likely to have much higher impact .
A high Ce value would tell you that perhaps your module has too many responsibilities and should be split up .
Of course “ high ” here means relative to other classes in your codebase .
As with most metrics , you should pay most attention to statistical outliers on a relative scale , not absolute scales .
Module Stability , or Instability ( I )
Now that we ’ve discussed Ca and Ce , we can talk about instability .
This is where we see how these building block metrics really shine .
While Ca and Ce are useful on their own , the Instability metric can give us some extra insight .
Instability is simply defined as : I = Ce / ( Ca + Ce ) , or in plain English , the ratio of modules this module depends on versus the total coupling of that module .
As the metric name suggests , what this tells us is how stable a module is .
How does that really work ?
Well , if a module has many dependencies ( both in and out ) and most of them are outward dependencies ( Ce ) , it ’s not going to be resilient to changes in your system as a whole .
On the other hand if only a small amount of the module ’s total coupling are outward dependencies , it ’s going to be more resilient to changes in your system .
In short , this metric can help you identify classes to double check when you plan on doing larger refactoring runs .
Essential Complexity ( ev( G ) )
This one is specifically of interest to those of us who use dynamic languages .
McCabe IQ defines this metric as :
Essential Complexity ( ev( G ) ) is a measure of the degree to which a module contains unstructured constructs .
This metric measures the degree of structuredness and the quality of the code .
It is used to predict the maintenance effort and to help in the modularization process .
Unstructured constructs is a little vague , and just like a LoC metric might differ depending on the tool ( and language ) .
In Ruby , however , we would consider unstructured constructs to be things like lambdas / procs , blocks / closures and eval ( ) .
These methods would be seen as more complex and harder to test , so they should get extra attention .
In static languages ( and those without closures / blocks ) the threshold of acceptance of this value would be a lot lower , and we would probably plan on refactoring any of the outliers .
Essential LoC ( eLoC )
I do n’t know of any tools that explicitly perform this metric calculation , though it is something you may have calculated informally before .
Essential LoC is defined on a per method basis as eLoC = LoC / v( G ) , or in plain english , the number of statements in the method divided by the cyclomatic complexity ( aka. number of code paths ) .
This would tell us , on average , how many non-control - flow statements our methods have .
A well refactored codebase would have this ratio as close to 1 as possible ( even though it might have many code paths ) .
The idea is also that methods with similar complexity should have similar LoC counts .
The threshold on this would be lower than usual , but using this kind of a metric , it would be easy to identify methods that have similar complexity but take more LoC to perform the task .
Outliers on a comparison of methods with equal complexity is likely to give you methods that could be refactored more easily than outliers on a pure LoC metric .
Defects Per LoC
Again , not really used formally in tools because there ’s no way to automate this calculation , but this metric is pretty useful .
Basically , it is the ratio of the number of reported defects over the total LoC .
This data can be collected in a more granular basis , ie .
per team member , per iteration , per feature .
A good table showing an example can be found here .
Although this one is a little more tedious to implement , it can give you some good numbers about team productivity , code quality and effectiveness .
If you do Agile / Scrum , tracking these numbers is a great way to keep your team motivated on self - impovement ( so long as you keep the environment positive and not overly competitive ) .
These numbers also give you great data with which to estimate the duration of future projects .
If you make your living working on many similar short - term contracts , this metric can make a big difference on your bottom line .
Weighted Methods Per Class ( WMC )
WMC is basically the sum of all v( G ) of a class .
This is basically cyclomatic complexity as a less detailed view of your system which should make it easier to pinpoint your complex modules at a glance , rather than sifting through individual methods .
Lack of Cohesion of Methods ( LCOM )
Cohesion of a module tells us the degree to which a module implements one single function ; in short , the Single Responsibility Principle ( SRP ) .
LCOM , although a confusing name , tells us the opposite ; the degree to which a class implements more than one function .
NDepend has a great overview of this metric , but in short , lower is better , and above a certain threshold is bad .
Analyzing Metrics
Of course by doing all these calculations , with tools or not , all we get is a bunch of numbers .
Just like LoC , they ’re meaningless in a vacuum .
Figuring out what these numbers mean is the important part of metrics .
As mentioned before , some metrics are absolute values .
Metrics like cyclomatic complexity should always be below a certain value regardless of the “ average ” complexity of your codebase ( though the actual recommendation depends on who you ask ) .
However , most metrics , specifically those with ratios , are meant to be analyzed statistically on a relative scale in comparison to the entire codebase .
Generating a boxplot is generally a good way to identify the outliers .
These outliers are generally the modules / methods we want to look at because they exceed the “ threshold ” of normalcy in the project .
Keeping track of these metrics allows us to analyze our project ’s history , giving us even more statistical data to work with .
We can analyze , for instance , which methods / modules change often , and we can perform meta - calculations on our data to find out the outliers in those categories .
This lets us decide if , perhaps something needs to be done about those methods / modules to make them more stable .
Keeping track of these metrics also lets us figure out how our team works , how effective they are and such , which lets us estimate effort for future projects of similar scope ( again a future article subject ) .
Conclusion & Resources
Ahh , the burning question …
So we talked a great deal about when and where to apply metrics , but I did n’t say anything about how to apply them .
Your mileage may vary here , but there are a few tools to consider .
The best ones tend to cost ( a lot of ) money , but here they are :
McCabe IQ – great tool , pretty expensive , but has some impressive metrics .
Handles Java , C , C++ , Perl , C# , VB , and a boat - load of older static languages .
NDepend – Windows - only , and seems to be .NET specific .
Integrated with VS.NET , but also seems to have an open source / academic license , so if you do C# / VB , this might be a good choice .
Logiscope – Part of IBM ’s Rational products .
I ’ve used it once before at my university and I know it supports Java , but I have no clue what else .
Eclipse Metrics – Eclipse has a metrics plugin that does most of the calculations I described in the article .
It likely only supports Java , though .
Another Eclipse Metrics Plugin –
Here ’s another one , this one seems to be more up to date .
I have n’t tried either so I ca n’t recommend them , and again this probably only supports Java .
C Metrics – A list of C/C++ metrics tools .
Note : most of these are extremely basic , but some of the ones at the end might be helpful .
Finally , here ’s a list of metrics tools , not compiled by me , of both free and non -free metrics software .
It ’s a lot more extensive .
Hopefully that gives a tidy overview of some interesting metrics and perhaps gives you some ideas on how these numbers can be used in your projects .
If you want some more information on metrics or are not thoroughly convinced by this post , there ’s a great book titled Applying Software Metrics that you should check out .
Usually , I hate to wait for my slices of bread to toast , but if I had this toaster designed by Othmar Muhlebach I would enjoy it .
This toaster operates like a desktop ink - jet printer because it “ prints out ” your bread slices as it toasts them .
The designer is in the process of finding a manufacturer , so that ’s good news for some people who might be interested in purchasing this clever kitchen appliance .
[ via Designboom ]
It 's hard to grasp the breathtaking scale of the epic war between Microsoft , Google and Apple .
Billions upon billions of dollars .
Entire industries at stake .
This is the board .
These are the pieces .
If you think about it , what 's shocking is n't the size of Microsoft or Apple , companies that are decades old , established titans of industry ( even if they have stumbled in the past ) – it 's Google .
In just over 10 years , Google 's become arguably the most important company on the web , spreading to anything the internet touches with astonishing speed , almost like a virus :
From the web and search to books , video , mobile phones , operating systems , and soon , your TV .
Friends have become enemies , enemies more paranoid .
And you know , it 's only a matter of time before Google 's remaining gaps on this map are filled out .
( BTW , you can click on the picture to make it bigger . )
Back in the 1990s , " hegemony " was another way to spell " Microsoft . "
It was Microsoft that looked to invade everything .
It was Microsoft in the Department of Justice 's sights for antitrust issues .
Anywhere there was computing , there was Microsoft .
But today , it 's Apple that conquered music .
Apple that revolutionized mobile phones .
Apple that might make tablet computing mainstream .
Not Microsoft .
As the incumbent , Microsoft 's not going anywhere .
But it plays catch up more often than it leads , at least when it comes to the things people care about now , like the web and mobile .
What 's at stake ?
Nothing less than the future .
Microsoft wants computing to continue to be tied to the desktop – three screens and a cloud , as Ballmer is fond of saying .
For Apple , it 's all about closed information appliances with lots of third - party apps , computers anybody can use .
And for Google , all roads lead to the internet , and the internet is synonymous with Google .
This is n't a road map .
It 's a study guide .
Image created for Gizmodo by Shane Snow
Updated graphic , changing Android Marketplace to Market
The author of this post can be contacted at tips@gizmodo.com
Brady is almost 9 months old .
He loves his walks and loves to play .
Brady 's favorite toy is his Giggle ball .
he loves to chase it .
Brady also likes to run-- grabbing anything he can and having his mom chase him all around !
Wählen Sie Ihr Lieblingsdesign aus und arbeiten Sie anschließend mit dem Gewinner an der Finalisierung Ihres Designs .
Der Designer stellt Ihnen schließlich die nötigen Dateien zur Verfügung .
Und die gesamten Nutzungsrechte gehören natürlich Ihnen !
It 's no secret that Palm 's Hail Mary of 2009 -- webOS and the launch of the Pre -- has n't been the rousing success that the company so desperately needed .
Profitability is a distant dream , Verizon is n't giving the Pre Plus and Pixi Plus the marketing support they need to rise to the top , some analysts suggest that the cash in the bank is only enough to last for another year or so , and the choice of Sprint as a long - term exclusive launch partner continues to be a pesky monkey on the back .
All of these realities have led Palm to become a near - constant source of takeover speculation in recent months .
Name a company -- any company -- and odds are they 've been caught up in a rumor at one point or another : Nokia , Dell , RIM , Microsoft , Google , Nintendo ( yes , Nintendo ) , the list goes on .
Of course , not all of these deals would make much strategic sense , and only one -- if any -- will ultimately happen .
For its part , Palm boss Jon Rubinstein is as adamant as ever that the company intends to remain independent and swing to profitability , and as best as we can tell , he 's still got financier Elevation Partners ' support in that quest .
But let 's suspend reality for a moment and assume an acquisition does happen ; who'd be the best fit ?
We like HTC -- we like HTC a lot , in fact .
Let 's take a look at why .
There are numerous awful vehicles resembling Cylon Raiders from Battlestar Galactica .
Fortunately for humanity , an amusement park mechanic has built this sweet , V8 - powered homemade street legal Colonial Viper to protect us from them .
Advertisement
You may have seen this car in io9's " Gallery Of Pimped - Out Battlestar , Star Wars Cars " , and now we have the backstory from Jalopnik reader Troskysghost who was there to witness its creation and explain the genius behind converting a Postal Service Jeep into a a robot - fighting car with a small - block Chevy V8 :
The car was built by Dean Shorey , the master ride mechanic for Seabreeze Amusement Park in Rochester , NY .
I worked there as a systems engineer for one season on a custom pump house control system for their waterpark .
Dean and his crew have that park in such good working order , that he has a lot of free time on his hands , especially in the off seasons ( when the park is n't building custom antique style carousels for other parks ) .
So he restores and collects cars .
Last I talked with him , he had over 20 something vehicles in various states of restoration .
He 's a big fan of the original BSG , so he decided to build himself a STREET LEGAL Viper Starfighter .
From what I remember , the front end is off of an old postal Jeep , it has chevy small block engine ( cause Dean is a GM guy and he has lots of small blocks lying around the shop ) .
It seats one person and has a cassette deck .
No A/C .
The Viper is seen here parked near the rides maintenance shop during the spring of 2006 .
The lift hill for the historic 1924 " Jack Rabbit " wooden roller coaster can be seen in the background .
He 's currently in the process of restoring four ' 57 Chevys : sedan , coupe , station wagon and a delivery sedan .
Dean is a great guy who helped teach me welding and many other metal skills , which I will forever be thankful for .
Advertisement
Dean S? Wait , do you mean Dean Stockwell ?
DON'T TRUST HIM !
" Only dopes use dope , " goes the memorable warning about drugs .
Now a Tel Aviv University researcher cautions that the same goes for cigarettes .
A study led by Prof. Mark Weiser of Tel Aviv University 's Department of Psychiatry and the Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer Hospital has determined that young men who smoke are likely to have lower IQs than their non-smoking peers .
Tracking 18 - to 21 - year - old men enlisted in the Israeli army in the largest ever study of its kind , he has been able to demonstrate an important connection between the number of cigarettes young males smoke and their IQ .
The average IQ for a non-smoker was about 101 , while the smokers ' average was more than seven IQ points lower at about 94 , the study determined .
The IQs of young men who smoked more than a pack a day were lower still , at about 90 .
An IQ score in a healthy population of such young men , with no mental disorders , falls within the range of 84 to 116 .
An addiction that does n't discriminate
" In the health profession , we 've generally thought that smokers are most likely the kind of people to have grown up in difficult neighborhoods , or who 've been given less education at good schools , " says Prof .
Weiser , whose study was reported in a recent version of the journal Addiction .
" But because our study included subjects with diverse socio- economic backgrounds , we 've been able to rule out socio- economics as a major factor .
The government might want to rethink how it allocates its educational resources on smoking . "
Making the results more significant , the study also measured effects in twin brothers .
In the case where one twin smoked , the non-smoking twin registered a higher IQ on average .
Although a lower IQ may suggest a greater risk for smoking addiction , the cross-sectional data on IQ and smoking found that most of the smokers investigated in the study had IQs within the average range nevertheless .
Obesity , drug addiction also at issue
In the study , the researchers took data from more than 20,000 men before , during and after their time in the military .
All men in the study were considered in good health , since pre-screening measures for suitability in the army had already been taken .
The researchers found that around 28 percent of their sample smoked one or more cigarettes a day , 3 percent considered themselves ex-smokers , and 68 % said they never smoked .
Prof .
Weiser says that the study illuminates a general trend in epidemiological studies .
" People on the lower end of the average IQ tend to display poorer overall decision - making skills when it comes to their health , " says Prof .
Weiser .
He adds that his finding can help address a serious concern among health counsellors at grade and high schools .
Schoolchildren who have been found to have a lower IQ can be considered at risk to begin the habit , and can be targeted with special education and therapy to prevent them from starting or to break the habit after it sets in .
" People with lower IQs are not only prone to addictions such as smoking , " Prof .
Weiser adds .
" These same people are more likely to have obesity , nutrition and narcotics issues .
Our study adds to the evidence of this growing body of research , and it may help parents and health professionals help at - risk young people make better choices . "
Themes :
The decision was taken not to change the theme or the icons in Linux Mint 9 Isadora , making it look similar to the previously released Linux Mint 7 Gloria and Linux Mint 8 Helena .
We looked into the making of a metallic looking theme , it was even mentioned publicly and I ’m sorry to disappoint .
Widgets had to use background pictures to achieve that effect and although it looked really nice on the desktop it was significantly impacting the performance of the system .
We ’ll still look into this and into ways of achieving this effect without making the system slower in the future , but it will not happen for Linux Mint 9 .
Buttons layout :
The window buttons in the title bar will remain on the right .
The “ Desktop settings ” tool ( mintdesktop ) was rewritten and , among other new features , now allows you to set the layout of these buttons .
I ’m personally curious as to why people would place their buttons that close to the window menu , but who knows , maybe Ubuntu ’s bold move in that direction can actually seduce people and start a new trend ?
So if it does convince you and you feel like placing your buttons on the left side , whether it ’s Mac or Ubuntu style , the tool will help you do that .
Desktop background :
The default background for Linux Mint 9 was n’t chosen yet .
The following 4 backgrounds came from the community and look like good candidates :
– Zwopper ’s : http://forums.linuxmint.com/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=44898
– Black leather : http://forums.linuxmint.com/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=36185
– Emotion : http://forums.linuxmint.com/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=40198
– AirMint : http://forums.linuxmint.com/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=27439
The Black leather background uses licensed artwork , so if it is chosen we ’ll have to acquire the rights from its author ( who does n’t seem to be reachable at the moment ) .
To give ourselves more choice we also outsourced the task of creating a background for Linux Mint 9 .
A contest was started on 99designs.com and a few backgrounds were submitted already :
http://99designs.com/other-design-tasks/contests/desktop-background-linux-mint-42399
I also started a debate on the forums to make sure this contest was n’t interpreted the wrong way by the artists in our community and to talk about the relations between outsourcing and community in general , if you ’re interested in this debate , please visit the following link :
http://forums.linuxmint.com/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=46243
Eleven years ago Dave Devries started the Monster Engine project with one single question :
What would a child ’s drawing look like if it were painted realistically ?
This month , Dave ’s art is being celebrated at the INDYINK gallery where dozens of artists are putting their own takes on children ’s sketches .
Look for those photos next week .
Many more photos here .
[ Source ]
1
Protest Erupts as Gallaudet University Plans Offensive Homosexual ' Jesus ' Play with Federal Tax Dollars
WASHINGTON , April 5 / Christian Newswire / --
Thousands of students and concerned parents are calling for the cancellation of a blasphemous play at Gallaudet University in Washington , D.C. The offensive production Corpus Christi by Terrence McNally portrays Christ and the twelve Apostles as homosexuals .
The lewd production was recently canceled at Tarleton State University in Texas due to peaceful protest .
And now Gallaudet University is facing a similar protest for its decision to host the play on April 8 - 10 .
Among those calling for the cancellation of the play is a Catholic group called The American Society for the Defense of Tradition , Family and Property -- TFP .
Its student members launched an online petition last week inviting people to send protest emails to the university .
Thousands have already done so at www.tfpstudentaction.org
" Blasphemy does not qualify as free speech , " said TFP Student Action director John Ritchie .
" Just as everyone is entitled to their own good reputation , Gallaudet University has no right to harm and slander the spotless reputation of the God - Man with blasphemy , then run to academic freedom for cover . "
" Does Gallaudet University want to stamp out the sacred reputation of Our Lord Jesus Christ and replace it with scorn , mockery and blasphemy ? " asked Ritchie .
" When it comes to Our Lord , I find nothing but Christophobia here . "
" In fact , federal funds comprise 70 % of Gallaudet 's revenue .
And it just adds insult to injury when those federal tax dollars are being used to promote blasphemy .
That 's simply unacceptable , " he said .
" Our peaceful message to Dr. T. Alan Hurwitz , president of Gallaudet University , is simple : cancel the play . "
When the play staged in Cincinnati in 2003 , Archbishop Daniel E. Pilarczyk stated : " Corpus Christi seems to go out of its way to present Jesus and His story in the crudest and ugliest of ways . "
He further added , " I believe that this play will offend the sensibilities of most people who reverence the Lord Jesus in any way . "
A few years ago , someone had the bright idea of designing a T - shirt with the slogan " This is What a Feminist Looks Like " running proudly across the chest .
The Feminist Majority Foundation , selling them online , reported a run of orders from college campuses across America .
In the UK , equality champions the Fawcett Society plugged the T - shirt on their website , asked prominent faces – from Tracey Emin to Ken Livingstone – to wear it in public , and it became a bestseller .
Then , last year , Ms , the American feminist magazine , put Barack Obama on its January cover .
There he was , a shiny illustration of a President , chin uplifted , staring heroically into the middle distance , ripping his white shirt open , Superman - style , to reveal that T - shirt .
The point ?
Feminists come in all shapes , sizes and sexes .
The Undomestic Goddess blog has set up a website , Thisiswhatafeministlookslike.tumblr.com , where people can post snapshots of themselves , sitting at their desks , walking their dogs , wearing their wedding dresses , living their lives – feminists one and all .
It 's a superficial point they 're making but if , like me , you grew up in the Eighties , it 's an important one .
We children of Thatcher have a fairly confused idea of what a feminist looks like .
For the first nine years of my life , we had a female , but not feminist , prime minister .
( " I owe nothing to women 's lib , " said Maggie .
Thanks sister !)
If there was a woman at No 10 , the war was over was n't it ?
As I was growing up , women were battling their way into every male - dominated walk of life , from the armed forces to the boardroom and even the church , but the only feminist I remember seeing on television was Jo Brand , and she never looked terribly happy about it .
I was too young to know anything about the riot grrrl punk movement in America , other than the story of one of them ( Donita Sparks from L7 ) tossing her used tampon into the mosh pit at the Reading Festival , which made feminism seem a bit gross .
As I was taking my GCSEs , the Spice Girls took up the feminist mantle , though they called it " Girl Power " to make it sound a bit more fun .
And as I was studying for my degree the Sex and the City girls and Jordan stripped off , had plastic surgery , boasted about their bedroom exploits and decided they were feminists too .
Confusing – and none of it very convincing .
Perhaps Germaine Greer could help ?
When I was 19 years old , she came to speak at my university .
I went , a little sceptically , to see this curious much impersonated , wild - haired Antipodean rent - a - quote in a grey kaftan .
Knocking the Union committee off their self - important perches , swatting away impertinent questions from posh public school boys who thought they were funny , swearing indiscriminately and using the C - word , liberally , in a way I 'd never heard before , she was heroic .
I resolved to read The Female Eunuch immediately .
Being a student with Crime and Punishment to read by Thursday , I did no such thing .
Still , it was a thrilling glimpse of a real - live feminist firebrand .
But then she went and confused matters again .
Her appearance on Celebrity Big Brother in 2005 – wading through manure with a colander on her head , riding a roundabout until she vomited and trying vainly to rouse her housemates to a naked sit - down protest before leaving in a blaze of righteous anger blasting the show for being a bullying , immature bear pit for publicity - hungry has - beens ( like , dur ... Germaine ) – felt very wrong .
Since then there have been controversial rants about everything from female circumcision to Steve Irwin , cameos on Extras and a slightly odd book about the allure of adolescent boys .
Somewhere along the line , her clarion call for female emancipation got lost .
Now is the moment to find it again .
This year marks the 40th anniversary of The Female Eunuch .
When it was first published in 1970 , the passionate polemic calling for the end of the oppression of women caused a sensation .
Edward Candy , in The Times , called it a " frightening book " which was " likely to set fastidious teeth on edge " .
Sally Kempton , reviewing it for The New York Times , approached it " with suspicion " after no fewer than four men recommended it to her , but was relieved to find it " brilliantly written , quirky and sensible , full of bile and insight " .
Norman Mailer , in the infamous New York City Hall debate on feminism , dismissed Greer as a " lady writer " and her views as " diaper Marxism " – whatever that means .
The sales racked up .
The book hit the bookshelves in October of 1970 .
By the following March it had nearly sold out its second print run and had been translated into 11 languages .
It made Greer rich – $ 29,000 for theUS rights and a further $ 135,000 for the paperback edition from Bantam – and a household name .
And all the while , women were reading it , passing it around the university common rooms , for sure , but also devouring it at home .
Some wrapped its surreal , bracing cover ( the limp skin of a bare - breasted torso hanging from a rail ) in brown paper and hid their copy among the shoes in the bottom of the wardrobe like furtive Libo - holics .
Others , emboldened by its message , hurled copies at their husbands ' heads over dinner .
Needless to say , more women read it than men .
My mother remembers distinctly going out to buy it as a newly married woman in 1970 , and the stir it created .
Does my father remember anything similar ?
" No , not much " , he says .
" Why would I ? " Good point .
That was then .
But how does The Female Eunuch stand up in 2010 ?
Does it still have the power to shock , thrill and mobilise that it had in 1970 ?
Is Greer still germane ?
I decided to find out .
I was vaguely ashamed that I had reached the age of 28 without reading it .
I asked around my friends ; most of them had n't read it either .
" I do n't need to " , said one .
The few that had – including a solitary , enthusiastic , male ( his wife made him read it ) – lit up when I mentioned it , delighted to welcome a newcomer to their cult .
The book 's mystique – that title !
What does it mean ?
– is part of its power of course .
Though I had n't read The Female Eunuch , I 'd heard lots about it – mainly icky rumours of exhortations for women to squat over mirrors and feast on their menstrual blood .
As Germaine puts it : " If you think you are emancipated , then you might consider tasting your menstrual blood – if it makes you sick , you 've got a long way to go , baby . "
Well , I may still have a long way to go , baby , but I 'm now sure of one thing :
The Female Eunuch has just as much to say to a 28 - year old in 2010 as it did to my Seventies sisters .
Less than 250 pages long , it 's a short , sharp shock of a book – even in my 2006 bumper edition with its girly , cerise - pink makeover .
( What would Germaine make of that , I wonder ?
This happens a lot , by the way , when you 're reading The Female Eunuch .
You find yourself asking WWGD , or What Would Germaine Do ? , at odd moments .
The answer is usually : snort derisively . )
She likes to begin and end the brusque chapters with a bang : " Women 's sexual organs are shrouded in mystery " , " Women have very little idea of how much men hate them " – that sort of thing .
There 's plenty to be shocked by ( the " penis weapon " and " cunt hatred " make frequent appearances ) , and plenty to be depressed by .
According to Germaine , our enemies are everywhere – " doctors , psychiatrists , social workers , marriage counsellors , priests , health visitors and popular moralists " – and the traditional route of marriage and children amounts to little more than a living death .
" Mother is the dead heart of the family , spending father 's earnings on consumer goods to enhance the environment in which he eats , sleeps and watches television . "
There 's also , though , plenty to be joyous about , not least its celebration of the female body and sex .
After all , " the struggle which is not joyous is the wrong struggle " .
It 's unexpectedly , very witty , too .
Her deconstruction of a swooning Barbara Cartland love scene had me sniggering on the Tube .
At university , I had grappled with feminist literary theory for a term , reading endless po-faced papers by French feminists with alarming titles such as " Castration or Decapitation " and " Speculum of the Other Woman " .
Here , though , was something so much more practical and humorous , so much more rousing and joyful , to help me negotiate my position as a woman in the world .
Feminism could be funny !
Some of Greer 's ideas are brilliant – her writing on the body and female stereotypes in media , art and literature is , I think , definitive – and , in our airbrushed , silicon - enhanced world , more urgent than ever .
If you read only one chapter , make it " The Stereotype " : " I 'm sick of pretending eternal youth .
I 'm sick of belying my own intelligence , my own will , my own sex .
I 'm sick of peering at the world through false eyelashes , so that everything I see is mixed with a shadow of bought hairs ... "
Some of her ideas are wrong - headed – her suggestion that women bring violence on themselves is particularly repellent , couched as it is in superior tones : " I have lived with men of known violence , two of whom had convictions for Grievous Bodily Harm , and in no case was I ever offered any physical aggression , because it was abundantly clear from my attitude that I was not impressed by it . "
I find it hard to sympathise fully either with her most pessimistic views on womankind and the stifling straitjacket of the family , or her rose - tinted utopian views of how an ideal society might function ( a commune overrun with shared children and shared consumer goods in Calabria seems to be goal ) .
But what a pleasure to be whipped along in her argument .
Everything is looked at afresh , with a sniper 's eye for detail .
Even ballroom dancing gets it in the neck .
( " An extraordinary capitulation on the part of society to the myth of female submissiveness : the women travel backwards , swept along in a chaste embrace " , apparently )
It 's a polemic , and a dazzlingly argued one at that .
It 's designed to raise objections whatever age you read it in .
But is it relevant ?
This week , the Australian writer Louis Nowra stuck his oar in ( Germaine would have plenty to say about that phrase , but that 's by - the - by ) , saying that reading the book was " like opening a time capsule " .
To the 21st - century reader , some details feel like anachronisms .
Her examples of working women are confined to typists , shop - girls and nurses ; female students at university are put under the microscope as a strange species ; and her hostility to the contraceptive pill and cervical smear tests comes across as hopelessly old - fashioned , if not downright dangerous .
Society has moved away ( though not entirely ) from the model nuclear family she concentrates so much of her energy on attacking .
A product of its time , it 's hard to imagine today just how shocking it must have seemed when it first landed .
To contrast , my mother , one of the few girls at her school to go to university , showed me a copy of The Girl Book of Careers my grandparents gave her when she was growing up .
Published just a decade before The Female Eunuch , it offered insights into life as a secretary , a window dresser , a florist , a shop assistant , an actress and a cook , among other ladylike professions .
Greer 's book built on a growing feeling that once women gained access to university education , it was time to aim higher .
" It was ground - breaking to put that into print , " my mother recalls .
" Women of my set were all reading it .
I 'm quite sure an awful lot of women were n't reading it .
I do n't think we were particularly militant , but I felt it was very important to use the education I 'd worked hard to get .
I did not feel it was right for women to sit at home being second - class citizens . "
Greer gave that feeling a voice .
When she stood up opposite Mailer in New York City Hall in 1971 and yelled , " We broke our hearts trying to keep our aprons clean ! " she was greeted by rapturous whoops and stamping feet .
That parts of the book now feel like a " time capsule " is proof of its success , is n't it ?
In a foreword written to celebrate The Female Eunuch 's 21st birthday , Greer herself admits that she thought " the book should quickly date , and disappear " on publication .
The fact that it has done neither shows that we still need to read it , to see how far we 've come – and how far we still have to go .
Appearing on The Review Show this month , Greer was in no doubt that her original message was still pertinent , still needed hammering home .
" You did n't get emancipation ! " she said .
" You did n't get it for goodness ' sake !
The feminist revolution has n't started . "
So the fight continues .
And there does seem to be something in the air at the moment .
Martin Amis has told anybody who will listen that his new novel , The Pregnant Widow , is about feminism .
Set in the year The Female Eunuch was published , it details the cataclysmic effects of the sexual revolution on a group of young Seventies friends .
" Every hard and demanding adaptation would be falling to the girls , " he writes .
" The boys could just go on being boys .
It was the girls who had to choose . "
Natasha Walter 's Living Dolls :
The Return of Sexism sees her regret the sexual emancipation she once championed and lament the rise and rise of " raunch culture " and the " pinkification " of young girls .
Kat Banyard of the Fawcett Society is about to publish The Equality Illusion .
Elsewhere , the biggest hit of the Edinburgh Fringe was Trilogy , a joyful celebration of women and their bodies .
The wonderful Mad Men is praised for its subtle evocation of the changing sexual mores of the Sixties , through the tales – more or less empowering – of ambitious Peggy and Betty the bored housewife .
The prospect that Kathryn Bigelow might be about to be the first woman director ( ever ! ) to win the coveted Oscar this weekend has the film world buzzing with feminist debate .
And online , from web giants like Jezebel to blogs like XXrayspecs , women are subverting mass media images of airbrushed , oppressed womanhood from within , pointing them out , poking fun at them and getting millions of hits in the process .
All of which seems to point to the fact that , 40 years on , feminism is back .
We 've still got a long way to go , baby – starting with the word itself .
Since
The Female Eunuch was published the F - word has become first a dirty word , then an irrelevant word and finally a confused one .
" I used to say that I avoided the word because of its negative connotations , " says Lionel Shriver who has written an introduction to Betty Friedan 's 1963 tract , The Feminine Mystique , republished this month .
" It seems to convey that , if nothing else , you have no sense of humour .
But it 's important to reclaim that word .
An awful lot of young women really avoid the word and think they do n't need it , that they do n't need the movement and they do n't need the politics . "
The prevailing idea seems to be that feminism has gone too far : having demanded it all , got it all , women now can't cope with it all .
An article in The Times last month declared that 40 years of feminism had " made women less happy " .
Amis and Walter share a certain wistfulness for the pre-sexual revolution days , while Amis has said that the feminism is still in its " second trimester " , thanks to women buckling under the new restrictions of having to hold down both a job and the household .
" Most families now can't afford to live without a second income .
It made work seem less of a privilege – it's now a necessity " , says Shriver .
" There 's a live movement that romanticises the 1950s model .
The Feminine Mystique and The Female Eunuch are good correctives on that romanticism , because the truth is that when women were expected to do that , they got depressed and bored to death . "
In other words , we still need these books to remind us never to go back .
The Female Eunuch changed many things , but not everything .
To borrow a phrase from the distinguished lady writer herself , " it 's time to get angry again " .
And I need to go out and buy a T - shirt .
Germaine Greer : Life and times of a feminist
1939 Germaine Greer is born on 29 January in Melbourne , Australia .
She is the first child of Margaret Mary " Peggy " and Eric Reginald " Reg " Greer .
1942 Greer 's father joins the Australian Imperial Forces and leaves for war .
It is two years before she sees him again , during which time she becomes the centre of her mother 's attention .
Her 1989 autobiography , ' Daddy , We Hardly Knew You ' , tells part of that story .
And while one of her books characterises the love of mother and daughter as the most beautiful of all , she is later estranged from her mother .
1956 Wins a teaching scholarship after attending a private all - girls ' convent school , Star of the Sea College .
Graduates from Melbourne University with a degree in English and French .
Moves to Sydney in 1960 and becomes involved with the left - wing sub-culture group Sydney Push and the anarchist Sydney Libertarians .
1964 Moves to the UK to study at Newnham College , Cambridge .
By 1967 she has a doctorate , and is a member of Cambridge Footlights .
Using the pen name Rose Blight , she writes a gardening column for ' Private Eye ' and contributes to underground magazine ' Oz ' under the name Dr G .
1968 She marries Paul de Feu ; it lasts three weeks , during which Greer later admits she is unfaithful several times .
1970 Publication of ' The Female Eunuch ' turns her into a household name .
She poses nude for ' Oz ' magazine and also the Amsterdam underground magazine ' Suck ' , of which she is editor .
1990 Greer makes the first of nine appearances on the panel game ' Have I Got News For You ' , setting the current record for a female guest .
1996 Resigns her role as special lecturer and fellow at women - only Newnham College after opposing the election to a fellowship of a transsexual colleague , Dr Rachel Padman , on the grounds that Padman was genetically male .
1999 ' The Whole Woman ' , intended as the sequel to the ' Female Eunuch ' , is published .
The following year she poses nude for the Australian photographer Polly Borland .
2000 Greer is assaulted in her home by a 19 - year - old female student from Bath University .
The infatuated student screams at Greer , calling her ' mummy ' , ties her up in the kitchen and smashes her belongings .
Friends whom Greer was meant to have met for dinner that night later find the author lying distressed on the floor , with the student hanging onto her legs .
2003 Publishes an art book about male teenage beauty , claiming " society is not accustomed to seeing beauty in young males " .
2005 Appears on ' Celebrity Big Brother ' but walks out of the house after five days .
2006 Presents a Radio 4 documentary on the life of her friend , Frank Zappa .
( She has said she wants Zappa 's ' G - Spot Tornado ' to be played at her funeral . )
Sport Manitoba 's planned destruction of the Smart - Bag Co. Building has left a city wondering just why they have a historical buildings committee and building conservation by - laws anymore .
The 126 - year - old warehouse will not be making way for a fieldhouse ( essentially , a gymnasium ) any time soon , but a surface parking lot where a fieldhouse might go in the future .
Currently , Sport Manitoba does not have any money to build any kind of fieldhouse .
They do , however , apparently have the funds to tear down this building and use its site as a temporary surface parking lot .
( But as photographer Bryan Scott reminds us , there is nothing more permanent than a temporary parking lot in downtown Winnipeg . )
As far as optics are concerned , a surface parking lot in a mostly - vacant corner of the city is n't quite the " public amenity " that a fieldhouse would be .
But just as demolishing a perfectly fine building that was totally occupied a year ago is n't as easy to justify as one that is " unsafe , " it is n't easy to demolish buildings for parking lots as it would be for a new gym that Exchange residents could use .
Sports Manitoba might be a non-profit , but they sure know how to sell .
The map below shows the extent of Winnipeg 's built up area in 1884 , the year that the first part of the Smart - Bag Building was constructed on Alexander Avenue .
In 1884 , the city only expanded as far west as Isabel and Kennedy Streets , as far north as Point Douglas , and " South End " meant Broadway .
The map is only to put into perspective the age of this building in relation to the rest of the city .
But history is not reason enough to keep old buildings from falling , and surface parking lots from proliferating throughout the city centre .
While the Smart - Bag is ( or was ) a heritage building , this is not a heritage issue .
It is an issue of what kind of centre Winnipeg will have : a downsized , decentralized wasteland dominated by parking lots and " new unurban urbanization ( thanks again , Jane Jacobs ) , " or a modest city that still contains the seeds of its own , slow regeneration , wants to one day see people on the sidewalks again , and does n't destroy itself quite so willingly .
DURHAM , N.C. , April 7 , 2010 — Duke University has instituted a new " sexual misconduct " policy that can render a student guilty of non-consensual sex simply because he or she is considered " powerful " on campus .
The policy claims that " perceived power differentials may create an unintentional atmosphere of coercion . "
Duke 's new policy transforms students of both sexes into unwitting rapists simply because of the " atmosphere " or because one or more students are " intoxicated , " no matter the degree .
The policy also establishes unfair rules for judging sexual misconduct accusations .
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) is challenging the policy .
Richard H. Brodhead
I received an email today from Robert L. Shibley , the Vice President of FIRE about a press release warning of a new Duke University policy that can make you a rapist without you even knowing it :
It seems to me that the most powerful group on Duke 's campus is the group of feminists that got this policy passed .
If you have sex with one of them , you have obviously been raped and need to file charges .
If you would like to let , President of Duke University , know how you feel about this new policy , you can send him an email here .
I just sent an email and I hope you will too .
Labels : men's rights ( or lack thereof ) , political correctness
At RHIC they have created some very hot Quark soup or a “ nearly perfect liquid ” — leading to speculation that the early universe might have been partially or all composed of it .
More at ABC and Physorg .
Like this : Like Loading ...
As Jay Newton - Small notes below , Sarah Palin inked some crib notes on her hand in preparation for her “ big ” speech to the Tea Party soiree .
This has caused glee and derision in the left - wing blogosphere ( as has her rather , well , unsubtle wearing of a joint US - Israeli flag pin ) .
I have no problem with either gesture .
Karl Eikenberry , our Ambassador in Kabul , has been known to wear a joint US - Afghanistan pin ; Christopher Hitchens , perpetual provocateur , wears a US - Kurdistan pin ; I ’ve been known to wear a green tie when discussing Iran on television .
As for the crib notes , all politicians use bullet points .
Some use teleprompters .
It does n’t matter what you crib .
It matters what you say .
And that ’s where I have a problem with Palin : what she said was drivel .
No , let me amend that : it was anti-intellectual drivel .
Obama is a bad Commander - in - Chief because he ’s a…law professor .
No matter that this bad Commander - in - Chief has taken more concerted and aggressive action against Al Qaeda–more drones , more covert actions in Yemen and Somalia , more support for Pakistani military campaigns agains the Taliban , more troops for Afghanistan –than the baseball team owner who proceeded him in office .
He ’s a law professor .
He ’s a member of the elite .
Which has come to be a term of opprobrium among the nitwit populists of the right–unquestioned , increasingly , by would - be conservative intellectuals like Bill Kristol and assorted Podhoretzs .
I ’m sure there ’s an aphorism somewhere –readers , please help–about the fate of great nations that celebrate ignorance and denigrate contemplative thought .
Yesterday , a commenter asked if there was any form of populism that I could support .
The answer is yes : democracy .
But populism , as a movement , has a sorry history –it emanates from anger and often ignorance , and quickly devolves into bigotry and hatred .
Occasionally , populism will produce some good ideas : the populist movement of the 1890 ’s gave birth to many of the progressive reforms –the income tax , the federal reserve system , women ’s suffrage –that were enacted in the first 20 years of the last century .
Ross Perot ’s fiscal hissy - fits led to the balanced budgets that Bill Clinton and the Republican Congress produced in the 1990s .
The current populist movement could provoke badly needed financial regulatory adjustments .
But the excellent policies that populism sometimes produces almost always come accompanied by social abominations .
The populism of the 1890s was accompanied by fierce anti-semitism and racism–and the legislative idiocy of Prohibition .
The right - wing populism of the past thirty years has been accompanied by a celebration of ignorance , a nativist anti-immigrant fury and , more recently , among some evangelicals , by the undue celebration of Israeli expansionism ( as a prophetic prelude to the Rapture – which may have had something to do with flag pin Palin was wearing ) .
Anti-elitism is as American as apple pie , and a good thing , too , in most cases .
This is a democracy ; the more democratic it has become , the better .
Anti-intellectualism is something else again , as is the celebration of some nonexistent “ real ” America , populated inevitably by melanin - deprived pickup truck owners .
Those who celebrate Sarah Palin ’s lack of knowledge as a form of “ authenticity ” superior to Barack Obama ’s gloriously American mongrel ethnicity and self - made intellectuality are representatives of a long - standing American theme –the celebration of sameness , and mediocrity , in a country that has succeeded brilliantly because of its diversity and restlessly eccentric genius .
Happily , it has almost always been a losing theme .
And , indeed , in the truest sense , it can be called anti-American .
Angkor Wat Temple in Cambodia
A UNESCO World Heritage site The Angkor Wat temple complex in Cambodia is the worlds largest religious monument .
The temples at Angkor was built 879 - 1191AD and used for 400 years during the kings of the Khmer empire .
The Khmers left the city in 1432 , and after that it was lost in the jungle until a French explorer , Henri Mouhot , found it in 1860 .
He died of malaria 1 year later only 35 years old .
A restoration project was started in 1908 and has continued since than except for periods in the 70's and 80's when military operations prevented archaeologists from working in the area .
UNESCO made it a World Heritage site in 1992 .
Angkor
Wat has become a large tourist attraction for the area with thousands of Travel companies offering tours to the Temples .
Links : Welcome to World Heritage Center Angkor.com AngkorWat.org
Panoramic Image © Tito Dupret Tito Dupret World Heritage Tour Tito Dupret is a young multimedia photographer from Brussels who during the last 2 years have been travelling in Asia , Africa and Russia to document the World Heritage sites in Virtual Reality Panoramas .
He was schocked when the Talibans in Afghanistan destroyed hundreds of unique temples in the beginning of 2001 , and decided to do something for the preservation and documentation of the world 's cultural heritage .
Destruction the way the Talibans did is not the only thing that can happen to these places .
Only 3 weeks ago one of the World Heritage sites in China was destroyed by a fire .
Tito has been there before the fire .
Tito is trying to finance the project by offering you a banner at the World Heritage Tour for a small amount .
Go there and choose your favourite place before someone else .
A curtain of light is the backdrop for Iceland ’s Eyjafjallajökull volcano ( Image : Albert Jakobsson )
The most powerful geomagnetic storm since December 2006 struck the Earth on Monday , a day earlier than expected .
On 3 April , the SOHO spacecraft spotted a cloud of charged particles called a coronal mass ejection ( CME ) shooting from the sun at 500 kilometres per second .
This velocity suggested the front would reach Earth in roughly three days .
“ It hit earlier and harder than forecast , ” says Doug Biesecker of the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder , Colorado .
Advertisement
Fortunately , the storm was not intense enough to interfere strongly with power grids or satellite navigation , but it did trigger dazzling auroras in places like Iceland ( pictured ) .
Such storms highlight the uncertainty in the arrival times of CMEs , which can easily be 15 hours off predictions , Biesecker says .
Better modelling of the solar wind , which can accelerate CMEs en route to Earth , could reduce the uncertainty .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's message that his government deserves its expected whacking in the opinion polls is perplexing some in his own party .
Labor MPs are having trouble trying to explain exactly what the Prime Minister meant to achieve by his extensive mea culpa .
Mr Rudd had taken to the media to stem the damage caused by the bungled home insulation scheme , which claimed the scalp of Environment Minister Peter Garrett .
The Prime Minister appeared on Thursday 's 7.30 Report , in journalist Laurie Oakes ' column in the Saturday papers and on ABC TV's Insiders on Sunday .
Mr Rudd 's message was simple ; he admits his government has disappointed people , not lived up to expectations and deserves a whacking in the polls .
And government ministers have not been prepared to publicly disagree with his three - day apology for everything .
" I do agree with the Prime Minister 's assessment , " Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard said .
" The Liberals are re-energised around Tony Abbott so I agree with what the Prime Minister said , " Communications Minister Stephen Conroy added .
But when it came to individual failings , ministers were less outspoken .
Senator Conroy , when asked what mistakes he had made , told reporters " I 'm not sure the Prime Minister was singling anybody out " .
When asked " does n't a collective boil down to individual performances though ? " , Mr Conroy replied : " The collective is collecting all of the individual performances together " .
The Prime Minister himself was not willing to give a deeper explanation of his self - criticism .
" I think the bottom line is this : we need to do better , deliver more and get back to the basics , " Mr Rudd said .
But opinion in Labor ranks , both inside and outside Parliament , is mixed about what Mr Rudd meant by his apology and whether he should have said it at all .
Some think the Prime Minister went way over the top , both in describing the scale of the problem and by effectively dismissing what the Government has managed to achieve .
Some say it is a sign Mr Rudd is losing touch - a view Opposition Leader Tony Abbott agrees with .
" This is the politics of seeking forgiveness that he 's interested in , " Mr Abbott said .
" It 's not the substance of delivering better services .
It 's all about getting a headline .
" The problem is that the Prime Minister is rattled by intimations of political mortality .
I think he 's shocked by the scale of his government 's own ineptitude . "
Echoes of Beattie
Others in Labor agree the Prime Minister went too far , but say that is just Kevin - unpredictable and doing it his own way .
They point out that the Government is at the end of what has been an extended honeymoon .
They says his message was directed at the voters , who while not angry at the Government , do have some concerns and want to feel that they are being heard .
But Mr Rudd is now being compared unfavourably with famous serial apologiser , former Queensland premier Peter Beattie .
The Coalition 's finance spokesman , Barnaby Joyce , thinks Mr Beattie did it better .
" No matter how hard I look at Mr Rudd I confuse him with Mr Beattie , " he said .
" Mr Beattie made this an art form and there was actually a skerrick of authenticity about it when Mr Beattie said it . "
But Labor
MPs point out apologising did not hurt Mr Beattie , who won four elections .
One Labor insider warns not to underestimate the ability of the Prime Minister to change message when he needs to , saying he will readjust and not be a static target .
The theory that Mr Rudd was targeting his new message directly at the voters at a time when the electoral cycle is changing has been echoed by two senior ministers - Anthony Albanese and Stephen Smith .
" He 's in touch with the Australian public .
What he 's indicated is that the Government has heard the message loud and clear ; we need to lift our game , " said Mr Albanese , the Minister for Infrastructure .
Mr Smith says Mr Rudd 's comments are explained by the electoral cycle .
" We spent 12 months in our first year in office essentially finding our feet , 12 months governing and then , one of the regrettable features of Australian public life is that we have a three - year term , " he said .
" So already now , after just over two years , we 're back into an election cycle .
" So we 've got to make the transition from governing to getting ourselves re-elected , and you always have transitional difficulties along the way .
" The Prime Minister 's made the point we believe we 've been a competent and assured government , but we have n't been perfect . "
Whatever the rights or wrongs of Mr Rudd 's public sackcloth and ashes tour , some commentators have started talking about what the Government has done , rather than what is left undone .
And Mr Garrett is not making the headlines any more .
MTTM has now added to the top left corner of the page a link to the Michigan Health Care Freedom site , where you can get more information on getting petitions to sign or perhaps participate in the process of amending the state constitution to unequivocally state “ we will not be told by the federal government how to handle our health care ! ”
The gist of the language essentially :
(1) EVERY PERSON HAS A RIGHT TO PROVIDE FOR HIS OR HER OWN HEALTH CARE .
( 2 ) NO GOVERNMENT ACTION SHALL COMPEL , DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY , ANY PERSON , EMPLOYER , OR HEALTH CARE PROVIDER TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY HEALTH CARE SYSTEM .
( 3 ) NO PERSON OR EMPLOYER SHALL BE REQUIRED TO PAY PENALTIES OR FINES FOR PAYING DIRECTLY FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES .
A HEALTH CARE PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO PAY PENALTIES OR FINES FOR ACCEPTING DIRECT PAYMENT FROM A PERSON OR EMPLOYER FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES .
A HEALTH CARE SYSTEM SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO PAY PENALTIES OR FINES FOR PERMITTING A PERSON OR EMPLOYER TO PAY DIRECTLY FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES OR FOR PERMITTING A HEALTH CARE PROVIDER TO ACCEPT DIRECT PAYMENT FROM A PERSON OR EMPLOYER FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES .
( 4 ) NO GOVERNMENT ACTION SHALL DISADVANTAGE A HEALTH CARE SYSTEM FOR PERMITTING A PERSON OR EMPLOYER TO PAY DIRECTLY FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES OR FOR PERMITTING A HEALTH CARE PROVIDER TO ACCEPT DIRECT PAYMENT FROM A PERSON OR EMPLOYER FOR LAWFUL HEALTH CARE SERVICES .
( 5 ) SUBJECT TO REASONABLE AND NECESSARY LAWS AND RULES THAT DO NOT SUBSTANTIALLY LIMIT A PERSON ’S OR EMPLOYER’S OPTIONS , THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF HEALTH INSURANCE OR HEALTH COVERAGE IN PRIVATE HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS SHALL NOT BE PROHIBITED BY ANY GOVERNMENT ACTION .
Strangely , one should think of that as common sense .. but in this age of power plays we must reassert those rights given by our creator , and protected by the nations constitution .
Clarity perhaps is what is needed from time to time .
Sadly .. even those who would like to represent us still cannot muster the courage to do so ..
Please visit the site , become involved .
In Traverse City , My wife and I will be assisting in the collection of petitions , and providing an organizational base .
Rajesh Mirchandani
BBC News , Los Angeles
A Californian man delivered his own obituary to a local newspaper before killing himself .
The body of 64 - year old Allan Leo Peters II was found hanging from a bridge the following day .
The envelope also contained a suicide note , photo and a $ 90 ( £ 60 ) payment for the obituary .
It was delivered to the offices of the Mountain Democrat - a small newspaper in the town of Placerville near Sacramento .
A cleaner working at night left it for the paper 's morning team , who alerted authorities .
Inside the envelope , there was an obituary and suicide note signed by the same man .
In his note , Mr Peters wrote " Yes , I have hanged myself " and then in brackets he added : " At least I hope I did . "
It also contained a photo of himself smoking a cigarette and a money order for the cost of publishing an obituary .
The same morning , authorities found his body hanging from a bridge .
In his letter Mr Peters said emphysema had dramatically reduced his quality of life and that he believed in euthanasia .
The newspaper says it will print the tribute in Friday 's edition .
Annette Royden , who runs a 65 - acre organic farm and is a strong supporter of the Vermont Yankee 's license extension , notes the plant accounts for more than half of Vernon 's revenue .
Enlarge 1985 photo by Toby Talbot , AP Vermont Yankee , a 38 - year - old nuclear power plant in Vernon , Vt. , employs 640 people .
POWERED UP POWERED UP Enlarge By Josh T. Reynolds for USA TODAY Wayne Nickerson , safety coordinator for Vermont Yankee , checks a trench dug to find the source of a tritium leak .
NUCLEAR POWER LANDSCAPE NUCLEAR POWER LANDSCAPE
Nuclear power plants ( in red ) and power companies ' proposed reactors ( in blue ) that are under active consideration by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission : CLICK HERE for a larger map .
VERNON , Vt. 
The pro-nuclear governor here has gotten a cream pie in the face .
Compost has been thrown on a nuclear power plant manager .
Protesters , including several grandmothers , have been arrested for trespassing at the plant gate .
This was not what President Obama , who hopes to spark a renaissance in nuclear power , had in mind this year when he urged an end to " the same old stale debates between the left and the right , between environmentalists and entrepreneurs . "
In Vermont , the same old debate rages on .
As an embattled nuclear plant seeks to extend its operating life — and become a symbol of the conflict over whether to expand nuclear power — it's " no nukes " vs. " pro nukes , " and not much in between .
The no-nukers are winning .
On Feb. 24 , the state Senate voted 26 - 4 to close 38 - year - old Vermont Yankee when its license expires in two years , even though it employs 640 people ; pays $ 16.5 million a year in state and local taxes ; provides one - third of Vermont 's power , and helps make the state 's carbon footprint the region 's smallest .
NUCLEAR POWER MAP : Current plants and those proposed in the U.S. Vermont Yankee is one of more than two dozen aging U.S. reactors that have leaked radioactive tritium from underground pipes .
Its case has cast a pall on the revival of nuclear power and revived the anti-nuclear movement .
" Fights like this do n't come along very often , " says Jim Riccio of Greenpeace USA , one of a half - dozen groups seeking the plant 's closure .
No nuclear plant has been started in the USA since the Three Mile Island accident — the 1979 partial core meltdown at a Pennsylvania reactor — vaporized public support for atomic power .
A nuclear renaissance has long been advocated by some political conservatives , such as former senator Pete Domenici , R - N.M. , and business groups such as the National Association of Manufacturers .
Because atomic energy produces much less carbon pollution than fuels such as coal , they 've been joined by some environmentalists ( early Greenpeace organizer Patrick Moore , Whole Earth Catalog editor Stewart Brand ) and some more liberal politicians ( Obama and Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass . ) .
In his State of the Union Address , Obama proposed " a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants " to reduce carbon emissions and promote U.S. energy independence .
In February , he announced $ 8.3 billion in loan guarantees for two reactors to be built in Georgia .
Americans are increasingly sympathetic .
A Gallup Poll last month found that 62 % favor nuclear power as one way to generate electricity , the highest percentage since Gallup began polling on the topic in 1994 .
Vermont Yankee 's application for a 20 - year license extension , however , has mobilized veterans of the nuclear protests of the 1970s and people not yet born when their elders were being arrested at places such as Seabrook , N.H. , and Diablo Canyon , Calif .
Opponents have long argued that nuclear power is unsafe — vulnerable to everything from operator error to terrorism — and produces radioactive waste for which there is no long - term solution .
Now , they 're also challenging the wisdom of operating vintage reactors past their original 40 - year licenses .
Larry Smith , spokesman for Vermont Yankee , says its opponents wo n't listen to reason : " They 're hippies from the '60s who want to be against something , and it 's nuclear power . "
The anti-nuclear movement , though , has matured .
It has lawyers , lobbyists and engineering consultants .
One group , the New England Coalition , has sued to force the plant to shield the nuclear waste storage area from view and to monitor the temperature of storage casks containing radioactive waste .
Deb Katz of the Citizens Awareness Network says her group " uses the plant 's own information against it .
We 're not the hippy - dippy , no - nukes types . "
No easy path Given the nuclear industry 's history of cost overruns and construction delays , many lenders and investors are leery .
So the industry 's future hinges on public support for government loan guarantees and for permission ( from state regulators ) to pass on construction costs to ratepayers before plants are finished .
About 20 " new generation " plants , touted as safer and more efficient than those of Vermont Yankee 's age , are proposed .
But they would take years to build .
So to maintain its 20 % share of U.S. electrical production over the next decade , the nuclear industry must keep running the plants it already has .
To this end , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) has granted 20 - year license extensions to 59 of the 104 commercial reactors located at 65 sites around the country .
Most of the rest , like Vermont Yankee , have applied for extensions or will do so .
Vermont Senate President Peter Shumlin , a Democrat , says Vermont Yankee has national implications for what he calls " the head - in - the - sand attitude that we can continue to run 104 aging plants past their design life .
We 're an example of how elected officials might take a more active role against that . "
Many observers , such as incoming NRC historian Thomas Wellock , view public support for nuclear power as broad but shallow — " just one accident away from heading south in a hurry , " says John Kassel of the Conservation Law Foundation .
For that reason , Vermont Yankee is a stone in the shoe of the nuclear industry : • In 2007 , one of the plant 's two cooling towers partially collapsed .
Although there was no direct safety threat , a photo of gushing water quickly spread over the Internet .
• In January , the plant reported that tritium , which can cause cancer if ingested in large quantities , was leaking into ground near the Connecticut River .
Tritium levels rose for more than a month before beginning to drop .
( Last month , plant officials said they had found and fixed the leaks and would pump out 300,000 gallons of groundwater and remove tritium - tainted soil .
Days later , however , they announced that small amounts of Cesium - 137 , another radioactive substance , also had been discovered in soil near the plant . )
• The tritium leaks came from underground pipes that plant managers previously told state officials did not exist .
Republican Gov. Jim Douglas , who has supported the plant 's extension , called it " a breach of trust . "
New Orleans - based Entergy Corp. , which owns the plant , disciplined several managers , two of whom had been featured in an " I am Vermont Yankee " campaign .
The company says there was no deliberate deception , just a misunderstanding over the definition of underground pipes .
The explanation fell flat .
" If the board of directors and management were infiltrated by anti-nuclear activists , I do not believe they could have done a better job destroying their own case , " said Republican state Sen.
Randy Brock , a surprise vote against the plant .
Vermont , alone among the states , has the power to deny a nuclear license extension .
( It negotiated the authority when Entergy bought the plant . )
Although the NRC staff has recommended an extension , the state Senate vote would retire the plant unless senators reverse themselves ( and the House also votes yes ) .
Shumlin , the Senate president , says that wo n't happen : " Once you 've lost Vermonters ' trust , it 's almost impossible to get it back . "
The NRC and the nuclear industry say plants can run safely at higher power levels and for more years than defined in their original licenses .
But the tritium leaks have undermined confidence .
Rep. Edward Markey , D - Mass. , chairman of the House Energy and Environment Subcommittee , has said he is " appalled by the safety procedures not only at Vermont Yankee , but at other nuclear facilities across the country who have failed to inspect thousands of miles of buried pipes . "
There are other signs around the nation that a nuclear renaissance is not inevitable : • Ameren Corp. has suspended plans for a second nuclear reactor in Missouri after lawmakers failed to repeal a 1976 law barring utilities from charging customers for certain new power plant costs even before it starts producing electricity .
• Florida Power &
Light stopped work toward two new reactors in January after state regulators rejected the company 's rate increase request , a decision CEO Lew Hay said was " about politics , not economics . "
• Efforts to reverse state bans on nuclear plant building — eight states have them — stalled in Minnesota and West Virginia .
Long - held viewpoints
What 's striking about the Vermont Yankee debate is how , despite Obama 's appeal for new thinking , the debaters stick to their traditional arguments .
Neither Smith , the plant spokesman , nor Brad Ferland , head of a pro-nuclear business group , knows of any nuclear opponents in the state who 've switched sides .
It 's a bit of a culture war .
While plant proponents extol its steady supply of relatively cheap electricity , opponents talk about renewable sources — solar , wind , wood — and using less power .
Even Vermonters who might be expected to be open to changing their minds are standing pat .
• Annette Roydon , 64 , lives a few miles from the plant .
She 's the town of Vernon 's emergency management director and deputy health officer .
She runs a 65 - acre organic farm and attended the Putney School , Marlboro College and Antioch College — all staunchly liberal .
" I 'm very granola , " she says .
She supports extending the nuclear plant 's license .
So do the chairmen of the Selectmen and the school board , and almost everyone else in town .
In 2009 , the annual town meeting unanimously passed a resolution backing the extension .
The town has hired a lobbyist in Montpelier to press the case .
Roydon says she does n't doubt the safety of the plant or nuclear power .
She says the nuclear industry is the most heavily regulated in U.S. history ; that no one has ever died in an accident at a U.S. nuclear plant ; that Vermont Yankee employees feel the plant is safe enough to live near it .
" I 'm more concerned about a train derailment than I am about the plant , " she says , and doubts Vermont 's 180 part - time " citizen legislators " have the expertise to decide its fate .
The plant accounts for more than half Vernon 's revenue .
" If it closed , how'd we pay our bills ? "
• Cort Richardson , 58 , seems like someone Obama hopes will reconsider nuclear power : a former protester who now works with government regulators and industry engineers on the waste issue .
He has come to take an analytical , unemotional view of nuclear power .
But Richardson is no more sanguine about nuclear now than when he was among more than 1,400 protesters arrested at Seabrook 33 years ago .
For all the complaints about safety and waste , " nuclear power 's Achilles heel has always been its economic underpinnings , " he says .
Nuclear plants are so expensive to build ( at least $ 6 billion to $ 8 billion ) and so needy of public subsidies , he says , " You simply can't afford to build enough of them to make a difference " in the nation 's energy needs .
Richardson , who voted for Obama and admires him , says he wishes he could talk to the president about nuclear power : " He 's such a bright guy .
I can't believe he 's really bought this story . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Daoud Kuttab
Special US envoy George Mitchell has visited the area , armed with a special letter from President Barack Obama to the Palestinian president reiterating what seems to have been a US - Israel understanding that the proximity talks will take place soon .
The Palestinian side is keen this time not to waste time on talking for the sake of talking , or based on the idea of incremental negotiations .
Palestinians are determined to tackle the issue of borders first and walk back from that to how to implement the establishment of the Palestinian state .
In meantime the Israeli tourism ministry ( in its most recent maps ) has unilaterally annexed Palestine to Israel and has omitted the existence of many Palestinian communities .
While the West Bank is not demarked nor mentioned as the West Bank , the general southern area is listed as Judea and in the north the area is listed as Samaria ( both Biblical names ) .
The Gaza strip , however , is demarked with the words “ Azza ( Gaza ) strip . ”
Until now Israel , which has been preventing the realisation of a Palestinian state , has given attention to symbolic issues .
Why , Israeli propagandists asked , do Palestinians refuse to recognise Israel in the various images , maps and publications that they espouse ?
Why is their no demarcation showing the green line that separates the West Bank from Gaza ?
Why do maps of the areas west of the Jordan River never mention Israeli towns , such as Tel Aviv , while highlighting the nearby Jaffa ?
Why even when the West Bank is marked on the maps , the word Israel is not printed on the Israeli territory ?
Palestinians have often responded by asking what the borders of Israel are .
Do they include or exclude Jerusalem ?
Do the Israelis in fact accept Palestinian statehood at the same time that they are asking Palestinians for recognition of Israel ?
Yet despite the rhetoric , Palestinians quietly made the shift and followed the advice of their international friends to make changes on maps and especially in textbooks .
Since 1994 , the Palestinian Authority had been replacing older textbooks and in 1999 and 2000 , Nathan Brown , professor of political science at George Washington University , published a study on this subject .
Regarding the Palestinian Authority ’s newer textbooks , he states : “ The new books tell history from a Palestinian point of view , they do not seek to erase Israel , delegitimise it or replace it with the â€˜state of Palestineâ€™ ; each book contains a foreword describing the West Bank and Gaza as “ the two parts of the homeland ” ; the maps show some awkwardness but do sometimes indicate the 1967 line and take some other measures to avoid indicating borders ; in this respect they are actually more forthcoming than Israeli maps ; the books avoid treating Israel at length but do indeed mention it by name.â€ 
Despite these changes , the issue has continued to haunt Palestinians internationally .
Almost all attacks can be traced back to “ the work of a single organisation , the ‘ Centre for Monitoring the Impact of Peace ’ , ” which Natan Browns insists , relies â€œon misleading and tendentious reports to support their claim of incitement ” .
In 2001 , Armin Laschet , a member of the German delegation to the European Union Parliament , threatened to halt EU funding of Palestinian educational institutions “ â€¦until all the Palestinian textbook passages antagonistic to Israel are removedâ€ .
The response to this threat did not come from Palestinians , but was delivered by Peter Hansen , at the time UNRWA commissioner general .
He told the Palestinian daily Al Hayat Al Jadida : “ We can not expect a people under occupation to have textbooks which idealise , praise and express love for their occupiers . ”
This statement caused outrage and fury in many circles .
The American - Israeli Cooperative Enterprise answered to his response : “ Israeli texts do not ‘ idealise , praise and express love ’ for the Palestinians , but they do not malign or disseminate hatred against them either . ”
In 2002 , the United States Congress requested the United States Department of State to commission a reputable non-governmental organisation to conduct a review of the new Palestinian curriculum .
The Israel / Palestine Centre for Research and Information ( IPCRI ) was thereby commissioned by the US embassy in Tel Aviv and the US consul general in Jerusalem to review the Palestinian Authority ’s textbooks .
Its report was completed in March 2003 and delivered to the State Department for submission to Congress .
Its executive summary stated : “ The overall orientation of the curriculum is peaceful despite the harsh and violent realities on the ground .
It does not openly incite against Israel and the Jews .
It does not openly incite hatred and violence .
Religious and political tolerance is emphasised in a good number of textbooks and in multiple contexts . ”
While the above should put an end to the continuous baseless accusations , few have asked the obvious : what the Israeli position towards Palestinians is and whether Israeli maps demarcate Palestinian territories .
A look at the most recent Israeli campaign to promote tourism to Israel is a strong answer to this .
The 2009 Israeli ministry of tourism campaign eliminates any Palestinian presence .
Stas Misezhnikov of the radical rightwing Yisrael Beiteinu ( Foreign Minister Avigdor Leibermanâ€™s party ) is the current minister of tourism .
This ministry , made up of extreme elements , has completely wiped the West Bank and any Palestinian areas from its materials .
Mandatory Palestine is declared as Israel without any borders or demarcations .
All maps included in the campaign omit Palestinian areas and towns .
( see www.goisrael.com)
While many might say that this is a symbolic issue , there is no doubt that this particular symbolism runs counter to the two - state solution , which has been declared a strategic national interest of the United States and which the prime minister of Israel has publicly said he supported .
So while negotiations will soon begin , how about the international community making the simple request that Israel end ignoring Palestinians and Palestine , at least on the maps it officially produces ?
Image caption Adobe has yet to issue a response
Steve Jobs has used an open letter to defend Apple 's decision not to allow Flash on many of the firm 's products .
Neither the iPod , iPhone nor iPad can run the software despite the widespread use of Flash technology on websites for video and animations .
He said Flash was made for an era of " PCs and mice " and performed poorly when translated to run on touchscreen smartphones and handheld devices .
The head of Adobe called the highlighted problems " a smokescreen " .
' Restrictive practices '
The letter comes soon after Flash 's developer Adobe announced it would stop making tools that allow developers to quickly translate Flash code to run on Apple gadgets .
These allowed developers to make applications once and then distribute them for use on various phones and operating systems , including Apple 's iPhone .
Adobe 's announcement followed a change to the terms and conditions of the licence that software developers must sign when writing code to run on Apple products .
That change banned developers from using automatic translation tools , effectively forcing them to develop two applications - one for Apple products and one for everything else .
Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen told the Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) that " when you resort to licensing language " to restrict development , it has " nothing to do with technology . "
He said it was now " cumbersome " for developers who were forced to have " two workflows " .
Crashing Macs
In his lengthy open letter titled Thoughts on Flash , Mr Jobs said the reason Apple did not want people to use Adobe 's automatic translation tools was because experience had shown it results in " sub- standard apps " .
He described Flash as a closed system and said that it was bad for the smartphone era because it did not support multi- touch systems and helped drain battery power unnecessarily .
He also pointed out that there were now alternatives to flash technology , particularly for web video .
The Apple boss added that Flash fell short on security and was " the number one reason Macs crash " .
But Mr Narayen said that if Flash crashed Apple products it was something " to do with the Apple operating system . "
He said he found it " amusing " that Mr Jobs thought that Flash was a closed platform .
" We have different views of the world , " Mr. Narayan told the Wall Street Journal .
" Our view of the world is multi-platform .
The letter provoked an avalanche of comments online , with many saying Apple 's restrictions on what can be done with its software go far beyond those on Flash .
The level of black unemployment in the U.S. is so bad that the United Nations is launching an investigation .
And , indeed the figures on unemployment by race are grim for blacks , especially black men .
The latest unemployment figures show a stark racial disparity .
For black men , the unemployment rate was 20.2 % , compared to 9.6 % unemployment for white men .
( Of course , these numbers are low given that “ discouraged workers , ” those who are no longer looking for employment , are not included , nor are those who are incarcerated . )
The outrageously high unemployment among black Americans means the United States has failed to live up to commitments it made under United Nations human rights agreements , a coalition of advocacy groups charges ( pdf ) , according to a recent report by City Limits .
In a filing to the UN ’s Human Rights Council last week , a group that includes New York ’s Urban Justice Center and National Employment Law Project , casts “ the over - representation of women and racial and ethnic minorities in unemployment , underemployment , and poverty ” as a human rights issue and calls on Washington “ to take specific steps to create employment opportunities for these groups . ”
Thus far , the U.S. permanent mission to the U.N. has not commented .
These stark numbers unemployment figures reflect an egregious reality of ongoing discrimination and historical structural inequality in the U.S. that has placed an especially harsh burden on the shoulders of black men , according to a report from the Center for American Progress called “ Weathering the Storm ” ( pdf ) :
Black men ’s ability to access high - paying jobs in the manufacturing sector played a significant role in building the black middle class after World War II .
Yet those jobs have steadily declined in the past several decades .
A study from the Center for Economic and Policy Research estimated that the share of African Americans in manufacturing jobs fell from 23.9 percent in 1979 to 9.8 percent in 2007 .
Blacks were actually 15 percent less likely than other groups in 2007 to have a job in manufacturing .
These jobs have also been among the first cut in this recession , accelerating the decline of available positions with decent pay for black men .
Black men have also been disproportionately affected by the instability in the automotive industry .
A study by the Economic Policy Institute found that African Americans have above average employment and earn much higher wages in auto industry jobs than in other industries .
If one or more domestic automakers were to file for bankruptcy , more than 3 million jobs could be lost within the next year , a result that would be especially devastating for African Americans .
Black workers have not only suffered from a severe decline in decent employment opportunities , but they have also faced decreasing rates of unionization related to the shrinking manufacturing industry .
Unionized African - American workers on average earn higher wages than nonunion black workers with similar characteristics .
From 2004 to 2007 , the median unionized black worker earned about $ 17.51 per hour , compared to $ 12.57 per hour for the median nonunion black worker .
Unionized black workers were also more likely to have health insurance and pension plans than nonunion black workers .
The employment rates of African - American men remained stagnant even during the economic booms in the 1980s and 1990s .
The group ’s continued high unemployment rates and inability to achieve prior employment peaks even after many years of a strong economy are influenced by multiple factors , including high rates of incarceration , limited education , child support arrearages , and discrimination .
Ongoing discrimination is a factor as well .
As Joe Feagin and Melvin Sykes note in their book , Living with Racism ( 1993 ) , even highly educated , middle class blacks face routine , persistent discrimination in employment and a host of other arenas of everyday life .
Devah Pager ’s research of nearly 1,500 employers in New York City found that black applicants without criminal records are no more likely to get a job than white applicants just out of prison .
The statistics from the study also suggested that employer discrimination against people of color and ex-offenders has significantly undermined the job opportunities for young black men with little education and training .
And , more recently , Michelle Alexander ’s book , The New Jim Crow ( 2010 ) , details the system of mass incarceration that contributes to keeping black men trapped in a subordinate status .
This systemic oppression gets multiplied when there is any sort of downturn in the economy and the current recession has hit black men particularly hard , with unemployment rates expected to rise even higher .
The fact is that the population of out of work black men is not monolithic .
It includes young guys and middle - aged men , ex-convicts and aspiring entrepreneurs , the college educated and those who did n’t finish high school .
Yet , the fact remains that there is a systemic difference in unemployment rates that ’s so egregious , so pervasive , so persistent over decades in the U.S. , that it ’s now an issue worthy of examination as a violation of international human rights by the United Nations .
The National Data Catalog is Live Share
This :
After several months in development , I ’m happy to announce that the National Data Catalog is up and operational .
This site represents months of work by Team Ruby members Luigi Montanez and David James .
Since July of 2009 when we kicked off the project , they ’ve been working hard at building a great architecture for the system , and pulling in data pointers from sites like Data.gov , The DC OCTO and Utah ’s Data Catalog .
Presently , we , alongside our volunteers are working on importers for DataSF , Rhode Island , and New York City .
Besides the fact that we include data from multiple branches of government , there are a few great reasons why the National Data Catalog is a great resource for government data .
Most importantly , the system has its own built in documentation system powered by our community .
This will help make government data more useful by making it so we do n’t all have to learn the nuance of a particular dataset individually .
Now those resources can be shared .
We also include data from outside the government so that we can share these datasets and resources alongside their government counterparts .
Search is great .
Here ’s all the information about Air Quality .
And Here ’s information about active mines in the US .
David James gives us a great tour of what it can do :
As we move forward , consider writing an importer for your state or municipality .
To contribute to the project , you can check out the source in github , and join the NatDatCat Google Group .
Please check out this great source for finding government data , help us work out the kinks , and build the largest catalog of government information in the world .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Cerro Armazones enjoys near - perfect observing conditions
Europe has chosen the place it wants to build the world 's biggest optical telescope .
The observatory will be constructed on Cerro Armazones , a 3,000 m - high mountain in Chile 's Atacama Desert .
The E - ELT ( European Extremely Large Telescope ) will have a primary mirror 42 m in diameter .
Astronomers say the next - generation observatory will be so powerful it will be able to image directly rocky planets beyond our Solar System .
It should also be able to provide major insights into the nature of black holes , galaxy formation , the mysterious " dark matter " that pervades the Universe , and the even more mysterious " dark energy " which appears to be pushing the cosmos apart at an accelerating rate .
E-ELT - BIGGEST EYE ON THE SKY Basic design completed in 2006 ; detailed work now under way Main mirror consists of 984 segments ; each is 1.45 m wide Final image requires use of four further - but smaller - mirrors Latest optics techniques correct for atmospheric distortions Construction could start in 2011 ; likely cost is one billion euros Final go - ahead for the E- ELT is expected at the end of this year .
The European Southern Observatory ( Eso ) organisation which is managing the project says it hopes the telescope can be operational by 2018 .
The estimated cost is in the region of a billion euros .
The decision on the E- ELT site was taken by the ESO Council after several years of study at competing locations that included other places in Chile , and in the Canary Islands , Spain .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Cerro Armazones is just 20 km from Cerro Paranal , where Eso operates its Very Large Telescope facility - a suite of interconnected optical telescopes that includes four units with primary mirrors measuring 8.2 m .
E-ELT is therefore about five times the width of today 's best optical telescopes ( antennas for radio telescopes are still very much bigger ) .
Like Paranal , Armazones will enjoy near - perfect observing conditions - at least 320 nights a year when the sky is cloudless .
The Atacama 's famous aridity means the amount of water vapour in the atmosphere is very limited , reducing further the perturbation starlight experiences as it passes through the Earth 's atmosphere .
Coming up with a workable design has been a challenge .
It is impossible to make a monolithic mirror on such a scale and so the primary reflecting surface will be composed of 984 hexagonal segments , each 1.45 m in size .
The E-ELT will thus be able to gather 15 times more light than the largest optical telescopes operating today .
It will also provide images 15 times sharper than those from the Hubble Space Telescope .
The huge telescope is one of the major projects listed on a roadmap of research infrastructures that Europe feels it needs to fulfil its scientific goals over the next 20 years .
Other facilities range from high - powered laser systems through to a plan to construct the world 's most advanced polar ice - breaker .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why do we like this ?
It 's been five year since the last full band Broken Social Scene album , and it might just have been worth the wait .
The new album is solid and there 's more than one hit single within ( the hit singles are obvious ) .
While there is definitely some filler , I think this album deserves more than just a couple of listens .
The opening song , " World Sick "  is almost seven minutes long , and yet , its moments of epic musical swells , followed by quiet found sounds elements make it all worthwhile .
It sets quite the stage for what 's to come .
There 's a reason that " World Sick , "  " Forced to Love "  and " All in All "  were the first songs to leak : they carry the album .
These are the songs that immediately bring you in .
The beauty is in the diversity of their sounds : from the full throttle rollicking leads of Kevin Drew to the toned down hymns of Lisa Lobsinger who sings accompanied by string instrumentation .
If those three songs stand out as the clear hit singles , where does that leave the rest of the album ?
" Highway Slipper Jam " almost sounds like a Calexico meets Iron &Wine album .
" Sentimental X's " excels in its subtle crescendo .
For me it gets a little too weird on " Water in Hell "  , which goes from experimental fuzzy to country hoedown .
A standout song on the album is " Meet Me in the Basement , " which is pure instrumental rock -- you barely notice the lack of vocals , and when you do , you do n't really miss them .
The repetitive hook acts as the chorus , and the rises and falls are just enough to keep things interesting .
Other songs on the album are less standout , and indeed , some may call them filler .
Broken Social
Scene is best known for its collective approach to music making .
Previous line - ups have included members from many bands .
This time , BSS has whittled themselves down to a core group of six members .
Of course , this is BSS , and they would n't be complete without cameo appearances from outside musicians -- and the number of rotating musicians still outnumbers their core group .
However , it is this newfound leanness that offers more fluidity to their songs , and ultimately the album is more cohesive .
There 's just one auditory thread here , whereas previous BSS albums were more disjointed , with each rotating member leaving too much of their own stamp , and not enough team to stand behind one sound ( Note : Previous albums rocked it , but it was more on a song by song basis .
Here , there 's at least an attempt at a unified album ) .
Did BSS lose something when it went from collective to band ?
Sure .
With fewer people come fewer ideas .
But with fewer people there can also be more focused ideas .
In interviews you can tell that Drew is being careful about how he announces who was involved in this album .
This is n't quite a core - group - only set - up , but it almost is .
While BSS alumni do make a return to the album , the way they lend their talents might be less obvious .
Again , the focus on trimming down , the involvement of a new producer ( the album was co-produced by the band and Tortoise 's John McEntire ) , means that it all sounds like it was giving BSS the band , not BSS the collective , some ownership of their music and the ability to say this is our sound , and not just the sound that 's lent to us .
I mentioned that there 's a more cohesive sound to this album ; does that mean they 've lost their grit ?
Well , if you loved BSS for their ultra fuzzy , ragged experimental songs that left you never quite knowing what to expect you might be a little disappointed .
This album is definitely more geared towards polished -- maybe it all comes down to being in a better place .
The band members have got it together ; they 've come up with a productive way of approaching the process , and the end result feels like it a little gift that 's been packaged with love : you can't wait to see the other person open it ( here , clearly , it 's BSS who wait to see how the music world savors or ravages their latest release ) .
That said , they have n't lost their experimental edge .
Rather , now it 's been rolled into the textures and layers contained within each song ( without overdoing it ) , as was often the thin line which BSS walked in the past .
They have n't lost their spacey indie - pop driving harmonies either : a sure way to keep enough of their base , while reaching out to new audiences .
Overall I 'm finding that this album is accessible .
And while accessible can be likened to going mainstream , it also bears noting that it has been five years , and in five years , inevitably they 've grown up .
Maybe it's that I 'm also a little older than I was when I first heard them : I 'm moving past the post - experimental lo - fi [ beautiful ] messes in favor of gently experimental [ if less innovative ] refined layerings .
I posit that if you give this album its time to sink in , you 'll find that most of it does agree with you .
In addition to their new album , BSS has also announced that they will be releasing a digital EP on May 3 .
The 10 - track EP is entitled " Lo - Fi for the Dividing Nights . " 
An email sent to BSS fans indicates that their work on the EP became a critical part of balancing their work on the album .
" As we continued to work on Forgiveness the B - room became more and more important as both a musical and social outlet - there are a lot of us in Broken Social Scene and it's hard for us to sit on our hands , "  writes Charles Spearin .
He goes on to say that there was a certain amount of " playfulness and fearlessness "  that could go into the EP , in ways that allowed a breather from the album .
From these mini-sessions came " Me & My Hand "  which ultimately made it onto the Forgiveness album .
And the end of it all I 'm left with four words as I reflect on Forgiveness : Truth .
Love .
Fragility .
Bliss .
In how many ways did Google respond to this week ’s letter ( PDF ) from the data protection authorities of nine countries criticizing the company ’s approach to privacy ?
The first response came in the form of a statement from Google ’s official PR operation .
Predictably , it was blander than bland .
“ We try very hard to be upfront about the data we collect , and how we use it , ” the statement suggested .
“ Of course we do not get everything 100 percent right — that is why we acted so quickly on [ Google ] Buzz . ”
This is the happy - clappy voice of Google ’s PR operation , a vast exercise in passive aggression designed to prop up the perception that Eric , Larry and Sergey really , really , really , do n’t want to do evil .
Much more interesting was the verbal assessment a PR representative offered up to the Wall Street Journal .
“ We have discussed all these issues publicly many times before and have nothing to add to the letter , ” the spokesperson told the Journal .
Here , I think we ’re getting closer to what Google really feels .
The tone is tetchy .
The underlying message is clear : Google would like the letter ’s signatories to go forth and multiply .
Yet this response is also a problem for Google .
The letter it received was signed by data protection bureaucrats in Canada , France , Germany , Israel , Italy , Ireland , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Spain and the UK .
You ’ll notice that the US is n’t on the list .
So ask yourself how the spokesperson who talked to the Journal would have responded if the US had been among the signatories .
Would she have taken the time to discuss “ all these issues ” once again ?
You bet she would .
Would she have suggested that responding to the letter was pointless ?
I doubt it .
At this point , it ’s fairly obvious that that Google has made at least three mistakes .
First , there ’s the use of corporate weasel words in the original statement .
When Google uses this voice to talk about important issues , it sounds just like most other large companies .
The desire to disagree with something without provoking an equal and opposite reaction is a very specific form of corporate cowardice .
My sense is that Google — as it grows larger — is starting to do this more often .
Next , there ’s the US - centric view of the world that leads a spokeswoman to dismiss the letter during a discussion with the Wall Street Journal .
Google is not immune to the deep parochialism of Silicon Valley .
Yet this is a company that generates over half of its revenues outside the U.S .
On this basis , it ’s surely madness to dismiss the arguments of nine states whose representatives are deeply dissatisfied with Google ’s position on privacy .
If you doubt this , listen to the supporting commentary offered by Jacob Kohnstamm , the chairman of the European Commission ’s Article 29 working party on data protection .
The letter , Kohnstamm told journalists , represents a “ last warning to the online world ” .
Finally , there ’s the tedium - filled hope that the awkward squad will simply shut up and go away .
This , of course , will not happen .
In the end , Google will become a regulated quasi-utility .
It ’s easy to suggest why this should happen , but profoundly difficult to imagine how .
Yet where there ’s a will , the political elites will eventually find a way .
The key challenge for Google involves slowing down the process .
Arguably , this now matters more to shareholders than new product development .
Regulated companies make smaller profits than you ’d otherwise expect .
For a company whose shares still trade at 25 times earnings , this is a fate to be avoided .
In this respect , Google has generally performed well so far .
Unlike Microsoft in the 1990s , the company has n’t allowed indignation to tip over into public aggression toward its opponents .
In no small part , I suspect that this is attributable to Eric Schmidt , who witnessed Microsoft ’s fatal weakness for confrontation at close quarters as the chief executive of Novell and CTO of Sun Microsystems during the 1990s .
When dealing with critics in public , Schmidt frequently behaves as if he has listened to their complaints .
This is a habit that Bill Gates never acquired .
Schmidt also delivers bullshit with aplomb .
When he announced the launch of Fast Flip , he made it sound like the future of news .
Clearly , it was n’t .
Yet tokens like these slow down the pursuing pack , sowing division among the ranks .
Subtlety comes naturally to Schmidt .
Asked to respond to the latest of Rupert Murdoch ’s copyright tirades a few weeks ago , Schmidt remarked dryly that it ’s best to look at Rupert ’s comments “ in context of a business negotiation ” .
This response worked well , combining economic rationalism with a tease for the assembled journalists and criticism of Murdoch ’s vaudeville style .
In many ways , it ’s a shame that Schmidt ca n’t be seconded to run Google ’s PR operation .
Arguably , he ’d add more value to the company in this role .
This week , for example , Schmidt would probably have drawn attention to what I initially fancied to be Google ’s third response to the privacy broadside it received on Monday .
On Google ’s corporate pages this week , there was no missing the news about the Government Requests Tool , a new initiative from the office of David Drummond , the company ’s top lawyer .
Among other things , the Requests Tool clarifies how frequently governments ask Google to hand over users ’ personal data ( mostly to assist with law enforcement investigations ) .
The results can be interpreted as an index of governmental willingness to invade privacy .
Here ’s the league table for the period between July and December last year in the case of signatories to Tuesday ’s letter :
UK 3rd 1,166 requests France 5th 846 requests Italy 6th 550 requests Germany 7th 458 requests Spain 8th 324 requests The Netherlands 13th 67 requests Canada 19th 41 requests Israel 20th 30 requests
The connection between these rankings and the letter from data protection bureaucrats is clear .
Eight of the nine governments that complain so vociferously about Google ’s privacy policies also appear on this list of governments who take a keen interest in their citizen ’s private communications .
The point is worth arguing .
Governments might be keen on regulating Google , but they also represent a huge threat to privacy in their own right .
Google itself acts as a restraining influence on their behaviour .
This week , the company confirmed that it sometimes “ refuses to produce information ” or “ tries to narrow ” the requests for data made by governments .
If Eric Schmidt had been running Google ’s PR operation , I suspect he would have used this league table as a riposte to the privacy commissioners .
But he is n’t , and it was n’t .
The fact that the privacy letter and Drummond ’s tool became news stories on the same day appears to have been coincidence .
We know this because the ham - fisted spokeswoman who talked to the Wall Street Journal described the timing as “ ironic ” .
The best PR operators grab passing circumstances and impose order upon them .
This week , Google failed to do either .
Photo Credit : Flickr CC : John E. Lester
This article first appeared on wired .
co.uk
See Also :
Introducing lightning , a commandline framework that could revolutionize how fast you are on the commandline .
Lightning lets you easily define and generate shell functions which autocomplete and interpret paths ( files and directories ) by their basenames .
With these functions you do n’t have to ever type the full path to any file for any command again .
Overview
Lightning generates shell functions which can interpret paths by their basenames .
So instead of carpal - typing
$ less / System / Library / Frameworks / Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/irb.rb
just type
$ less - ruby irb.rb
less - ruby is a lightning function which wraps less with the ability to refer to system ruby files by their basenames .
Being a lightning function , it can also autocomplete system ruby files :
# 1112 available system ruby files $ less - ruby [ TAB ] Display all 1112 possibilities ?
( y or n ) $ less - ruby a [ TAB ] abbrev.rb abstract.rb abstract_index_builder.rb $ less - ruby abb [ TAB ] $ less - ruby abbrev.rb # Pages / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/abbrev.rb
... # Autocompletion works regardless of the number of arguments $ less - ruby - I abbrev.rb y[ TAB ] yaml.rb yamlnode.rb ypath.rb $ less - ruby - I abbrev.rb yp[ TAB ] $ less - ruby - I abbrev.rb ypath.rb # Pages / System / Library / Frameworks /Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/abbrev.rb and /System/ Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/yaml/ypath.rb ...
The ‘- I’ being passed to less - ruby demonstrates an important point .
A lightning function only touches and translates the arguments it knows how to translate to full paths .
This allows a lightning function to be used the same as the command it wraps i.e. with any mix of options , local files or non-file arguments .
Perhaps you noticed less - ruby can refer to 1112 files by basename .
Are they all in one directory ?
Nope .
They ’re in 118 directories .
So what happens when two files from different directories have the same basename ?
Lightning lets you pick the right file in an autocomplete - friendly way :
$ less - ruby date [ TAB ] date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8 date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/optparse date2.rb dateentry.rb datefield.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/tkextlib/iwidgets datefield.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/tkextlib/tcllib datetime.rb $ less - ruby date.rb [ TAB ] $ less - ruby date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8 date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8 date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/optparse $ less - ruby date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/[ TAB ] $ less - ruby date.rb///System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/optparse # Pages / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/optparse/date.rb ...
Note the format for displaying conflicting basenames is basename / / directory .
This is cool but what if we want a grep- ruby , vim - ruby , or *- ruby to search , edit or do anything to our 1100 + system ruby files ?
No problem .
It ’s a one - liner : lightning function create grep ruby && lightning - reload .
What if we want nothing to do with ruby files and want to define our own group of paths to autocomplete and type minimally ?
No problem .
It ’s really quite easy .
Lightning works with bash or zsh shells and since it ’s written in ruby , you ’ll need ruby 1.8.6 or later .
To install lightning , use rip or rubygems :
$ rip install lightning # OR $ sudo gem install yard # if you want lightning 's documentation generated correctly $ sudo gem install lightning
If you ’ve installed with rubygems and `time lightning` takes longer than 0.05 seconds , I strongly recommend installing with rip .
rubygems is known to have a hefty startup lag with older versions of ruby .
Since lightning ’s autocompletion depends on this startup time , accepting this lag makes lightning slow as molasses .
Once lightning is installed , we need to do a one - time setup :
# To see available install options $ lightning install -h # Installs lightning 's core files and sources the needed lightning functions $ lightning install && source ~/.lightning/functions.sh Created ~/.lightningrc Created ~/.lightning/functions.sh for bash #
Or for zsh $ lightning install -- shell=zsh && source ~/.lightning/functions.sh #
To have lightning 's functionality loaded when your shell starts up echo source ~/.lightning/functions.sh >>
~/.bashrc # or for zsh echo source ~/.lightning/functions.sh >> ~/.zshrc #
For all future examples I 'll be using this alias $ alias lg=lightning
Updated :
To install and view lightning ’s man page :
# If installed with rip , man pages are automatically installed $ man lightning #
If installed with rubygems $ sudo gem install gem-man $ gem man lightning
To create a function ( less - ruby ) from scratch that can autocomplete and access by basename 1112 files across 118 directories must take a lot of effort .
Right ?
Not really :
# These globs are specific to my filesystem # Arguments are quoted to prevent shell expansion $ lg bolt create ruby '/ Library / Ruby / Site/1.8/**/*.{rb, bundle,so, c} ' '/ System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/**/*.{rb, bundle,so, c}'
Created bolt ' ruby ' #
Creates less - ruby and loads it into the shell $ lg function create less ruby && lightning - reload Created function ' less- ruby ' Created / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh Loaded / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh
The first command creates the ‘ ruby ’ lightning bolt with two globs .
This is all the information that a lightning function needs to know about the filesystem .
The second command creates the lightning function by combining the bolt with the desired shell command , less in this case .
lightning - reload creates and reloads lightning ’s functions into the current shell session .
Although these steps are fairly easy , you may have noticed that the globs were specific to my system .
Fortunately , lightning provides generators to generate fileysystem - specific globs for bolts .
Since lightning has a generator for the ruby bolt , the previous example can be even shorter :
$ lg function create less ruby && lightning - reload Generated following globs for bolt ' ruby ' : / Library / Ruby / Site/1.8/**/*.{rb, bundle,so,c} /System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/**/*.{rb, bundle,so,c} Created function ' less-ruby ' Created / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh Loaded / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh
Keep this one - liner in mind for following along with examples in this post .
If you see a function you do n’t have i.e. less - gem , create it : lg function create less gem && lightning - reload .
Lightning bolts are n’t limited to one shell command i.e. less .
To make a lightning function which wraps around any shell command , just repeat the above one - liner .
For example , let ’s make a function that edits system ruby files :
$ lg function create vim ruby && lightning - reload Created function ' vim - ruby ' Created / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh Loaded / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh $ vim-ruby abbrev.rb # Opens / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/abbrev.rb in vim
In this section we ’ve seen that a bolt takes globs and converts them to paths to be accessed locally by basename .
Since bolts can be used with any command , we can think of a bolt as a virtual , local directory whose contents change depending on what its globs match .
For more about bolts and globs , read here .
If a bolt is a virtual , local directory , can we autocomplete and execute commands around any bolt path as if we were right there ?
Sure !
# echo-ruby calls `echo` with the ruby bolt $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/abbrev.rb
# Note :
This kind of completion does n't work for zsh yet # Autocomplete the directory containing abbrev.rb $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb /../[ TAB ] Display all 136 possibilities ?
( y or n ) $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb/../md[ TAB ] $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb/../md5.rb
/System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/md5.rb
# Autocomplete multiple levels up or down $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb /../../[ TAB ] abbrev.rb/../../1.8/ abbrev.rb/../../gems/ abbrev.rb/../../site_ruby/ abbrev.rb/../../user-gems/
$ echo-ruby abbrev.rb/../../../ /System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb/../irb/ext/s[ TAB ] $ echo-ruby abbrev.rb/../irb/ext/save-history.rb
/System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/1.8/irb/ext/save-history.rb
Bolt paths that are directories can also autocomplete and execute this way :
# less - gem calls `less` with the gem bolt ( contains directories of rubygems ) # less - gem ba [ TAB ] $ less - gem bacon - 1.1.0 $ less - gem bacon - 1.1.0/l[ TAB ] $ less - gem bacon - 1.1.0 / lib/ $ less - gem bacon - 1.1.0/lib / b[ TAB ] $ less - gem bacon-1.1.0/lib/bacon.rb # Pages / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/bacon-1.1.0/lib/bacon.rb ...
If we can use filename expansion on local paths , why not bolt paths ?
# Let 's search in different versions of a gem for the use of method_missing ( ) # grep - gem calls `grep` on the gem bolt $ grep- ruby - r def.* method_missing rai[ TAB ] rails - 1.2.6 rails - 2.1.0 rails - 2.2.2 rails - 2.3.4 $ grep-ruby -r def.* method_missing rails - # Traditional filename expansion does n't work $ grep - ruby -r def.* method_missing rails -* grep : rails -*:
No such file or directory # Append '..' instead $ grep - ruby -r def.* method_missing rails -.. / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/initializer.rb : def method_missing ( name , * args ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/rails_generator/manifest.rb : def method_missing ( action , *args , & block ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/rails_generator/simple_logger.rb : def method_missing ( method , *args , & block ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.2.2/lib/initializer.rb : def method_missing ( name , * args ) # ... #
Why not use '*' for lightning as well ?
#
Say you use a liberal expansion : # $ grep-ruby -r def.*method_missing r* #
If there happens to be a local file starting with ' r ' i.e. ' readme ' , # the shell expands ' r * ' to ' readme ' and lightning will never see ' r* ' .
So lightning does filename expansion but only for arguments ending in .. .
When expanding matches , lightning treats everything before .. as a regular expression :
$ grep - gem -r def.*method_missing rubygems -u[ TAB ] rubygems - update - 1.3.1 rubygems-update-1.3.2 rubygems-update-1.3.5 rubygems-update-1.3.6 $ grep-gem -r def.*method_missing rubygems-update -1.3 . #
Only search two versions $ grep- gem -r def.*method_missing rubygems-update-1.3.[ 56 ].. / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.5/lib/rubygems/package.rb : def method_missing ( meth , * args , & block ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.5/lib/rubygems/specification.rb : def method_missing (sym , * a , &b ) # :nodoc : / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.5/lib/rubygems/test_utilities.rb : def method_missing ( meth , * args , & block ) # ... #
To search either rubygems or rails $ grep - gem -r def.*method_missing '( rails|rubygems ) ..'
/ Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/initializer.rb : def method_missing ( name , * args ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/rails_generator/manifest.rb : def method_missing ( action , *args , & block ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0/lib/rails_generator/simple_logger.rb : def method_missing ( method , *args , & block ) / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.2.2/lib/initializer.rb : def method_missing ( name , * args ) # ... #
If you 're unsure of what you 're executing , test it with `lightning translate` # Prints arguments to be passed to grep , one per line $ lg translate grep - gem -r def.*method_missing '( rails|rubygems ) ..'
-r def.*method_mis /Library /Ruby/Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.1.0 / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.1 / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.2 /Library / Ruby/ Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.5 / Library / Ruby/ Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-update-1.3.6 / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.2.2 /System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/lib/ruby/gems/1.8/gems/rails-1.2.6 / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rubygems-sing-1.0.0 / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/rails-2.3.4
Generators generate filesystem - specific bolts .
When creating a function , this is done for us automatically if the bolt and generator have the same name .
Let ’s create a function with one of lightning ’s default generators :
# List default generators $ lg generator bin Files in $ PATH gem Directories of gems local_ruby * ALL * local ruby files .
Careful where you do this .
rails Files in a rails project ruby System ruby files test_ruby Test or spec files in a ruby project wild * ALL * files and directories under the current directory .
Careful where you do this .
#
Try the test_ruby generator with the Test :: Unit runner $ lg function create testrb test_ruby && lightning - reload Generated following globs for bolt ' test_ruby ' : { spec, test}/**/*_{test,spec}.rb
{spec,test}/**/{test,spec}_*.rb
spec/**/*.spec
Created function ' testrb-test_ruby ' Created / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh Loaded / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh #
Runs any number of local ruby test files , no matter how many directories deep # $ testrb - test_ruby ...
If you ’re a rubyist , I highly recommend checking out all the ruby - related generators .
Since generators are important in distributing bolts that work for everyone , lightning lets users make their own generators and store them under ~/. lightning / generators .
Read the docs to learn how to make generator plugins .
What if we want to try out someone else ’s generators ?
Not too hard :
# Let 's try out my mac- specific generators $ mkdir -p ~/.lightning /generators $ curl http://github.com/cldwalker/dotfiles/raw/master/.lightning/generators/mac.rb >
~/.lightning/generators /mac.rb $ lg generator app Mac apps bin Files in $ PATH brew Homebrew formulas under /usr / local # ... #
Let 's combine open with mac apps $ lg function create open app && lightning - reload Generated following globs for bolt ' app ' : / Applications /*.app / Applications / Utilities /*.app Created function ' open- app ' Created / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh Loaded / Users/bozo/.lightning/functions.sh #
Let 's open a mac app $ open - app Co [ TAB ] Cog.app Colloquy.app ColorSync\ Utility.app Console.app $ open - app Coll [ TAB ] $ open - app Colloquy.app # Opens Colloquy
To try out more generators , see my public ones .
Hopefully this post has shown that lightning can revolutionize how you interact with your filesystem on the commandline .
By abstracting a group of paths to a bolt ’s name and its globs , any group of paths is only a bolt ’s name away from being used as if they were in the current directory .
Although the examples have been specific to ruby paths , lightning can generate functions for any group of paths .
Lightning ’s generators provide a way for users to share their bolts and thus how they use their filesystem .
This post was mostly an introduction to lightning and what it ’s capable of .
The next post will cover using it in more depth .
For more about lightning , visit its homepage and docs .
From time to time I 'm on the employer side of a job interview for software development positions and similar .
It is certainly an interesting experience .
But it would be much more fun when the candidates came a little prepared .
So here are a couple of things to ponder when you are heading for an interview :
Do n't worry about technology so much .
Software development is such a broad field you can't know everything .
I will be able to find some limits of your knowledge .
In fact everybody with a couple of years experience will find those limits no matter who the candidate is .
If you are any good , you 'll find my limits too .
It is not so important what you know , but what you are able and willing to learn .
But there are some things you should absolutely know , because they are about yourself :
Know why you are a software developer and why you want to stay one .
What is it that fascinates you about software development ?
If you do n't know this I 'm gonna assume that you are not fascinated by software development at all .
That 's OK .
I know lots of companies that are looking for exactly this kind of employee .
I am not .
Know what you do n't know .
When you are telling me you are an expert in X and I find out you are n't , this is a big minus .
If you tell me you have a working knowledge of Y and I find out this is exactly the case it is a big plus .
It is your choice to collect pluses or minuses .
Know what you learned .
As I said I am interested in your ability to learn .
So be prepared to tell me what and how you learned during the last project , during the last year and during the last month .
What have you read ?
What did you like , what did you dislike ?
And of course why ?
Know where you want to go .
Do you want to become project managere ?
Do you want to become a teacher and mentor ?
Do just want to write code ?
When you tell me where you want to go , I can tell you if the job offering will match that .
If you do n't tell me , I 'll vote for not giving you the chance to find out .
Does this sound harsh and arrogant ?
Thats becaus it is .
One of things I want to reach is a higher quality of software development in my proximity .
For that I 'm more then willing to learn and to teach , but I 'm not willing to waste time with people that do n't even know where they are and where they want to go .
Europe is at the center of a debt storm , and the PIIGS on the periphery are more than just those made famous by the acronym .
It seems the UK and France are also eating at the trough , with a few tiny specs of fiscal stability scattered round the continent .
From Worldmapping :
James Cameron is planning to convert Titantic into 3D
Avatar will be re-released this summer with an additional six minutes of footage , its director James Cameron has said in a newspaper interview .
" We were sold out of our Imax performances right up to the moment until they were contractually obligated to switch to Alice in Wonderland .
" So we know we left money on the table there , " Cameron told the LA Times .
Cameron also said the Avatar sequel will be centred on the ocean on the planet Pandora .
The ocean would be as " equally rich and diverse and crazy and imaginative , " he said .
The award - winning filmmaker claimed the release of Alice in Wonderland and Clash of the Titans in 3D , so soon after Avatar came out , meant there were not enough cinemas available to give Avatar a proper run .
By the time the film is re-released , it will also be out on DVD but Cameron believe those who have already seen Avatar at home will still want the big screen experience .
Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland had record opening takings for a 3D movie when it was released in March .
Avatar became the fastest movie ever to achieve $ 1bn ( £ 625.6 m ) in ticket sales around the world earlier this year .
By Peter Boone and Simon Johnson
The bailout of Greece , while still not fully consummated , has brought an eerie calm in European financial markets .
It is , for sure , a massive bailout by historical standards .
With the planned addition of IMF money , the Greeks will receive 18 % of their GDP in one year at preferential interest rates .
This equals 4,000 euros per person , and will be spent in roughly 11 months .
Despite this eye - popping sum , the bailout does nothing to resolve the many problems that persist .
Indeed , it probably makes the euro zone a much more dangerous place for the next few years .
Next on the radar will be Portugal .
This nation has largely missed the spotlight , if only because Greece spiralled downwards .
But both are economically on the verge of bankruptcy , and they each look far more risky than Argentina did back in 2001 when it succumbed to default .
The main problem that Portugal faces , like Greece , Ireland and Spain , is that it is stuck with a highly overvalued exchange rate when it is in need of massive fiscal adjustment .
Portugal spent too much over the last several years , building its debt up to 78 % of GDP at end 2009 ( compared to Greece ’s 114 % of GDP and Argentina ’s 62 % of GDP at default ) .
The debt has been largely financed by foreigners , and as with Greece , the country has not paid interest outright , but instead refinances its interest payments each year by issuing new debt .
By 2012 Portugal ’s debt - GDP ratio should reach 108 % of GDP if they meet their planned budget deficit targets .
At some point financial markets will simply refuse to finance this Ponzi game .
To resolve its problems , Portugal needs major fiscal tightening .
For example , just to keep its debt stock constant and pay annual interest on debt at an optimistic 5 % interest rate , the country would need to run a 5.4 % of GDP primary surplus by 2012 .
With a 5.2 % GDP planned primary deficit this year , they need roughly 10 % of GDP in fiscal tightening .
It is nearly impossible to do this in a fixed exchange rate regime – i.e. , the eurozone – without massive unemployment .
The government can only expect several years of high unemployment and tough politics , even if they are to extract themselves from this mess .
Neither the Greek nor Portuguese political leaders are prepared to make the needed cuts .
The Greeks have announced minor budget changes , and are now holding out for their 45bn euro package while implicitly threatening a messy default on the rest of Europe if they do not get what they want – and when they want it .
The Portuguese are not even discussing serious cuts .
In their 2010 budget they plan a budget deficit of 8.3 % of GDP , roughly equal to the 2009 budget deficit ( 9.4 % ) .
They are waiting and hoping that they may grow out of this mess – but such growth could only come from an amazing global economic boom .
While these nations delay , the EU with its bailout programs – assisted by Mr. Trichet ’s European Central Bank – provides financing .
The governments issue bonds , European commercial banks buy them and then deposit these at the ECB as collateral for freshly printed money .
The ECB has become the silent facilitator of profligate spending in the euro zone .
Last week the ECB had a chance to dismantle this doom machine when the board of governors announced new rules for determining what debts could be used as collateral at the ECB .
Some observers anticipated the ECB might plan to tighten the rules gradually , so preventing the Greek government from issuing too many new bonds that could be financed at the ECB .
But the ECB did not do that .
In fact , the ECB ’s board of Governors did the opposite : they made it even easier for Greece , Portugal , and any other nation to borrow in 2011 and beyond .
Indeed , under the new lax rules you only need to convince one rating agency ( and we all know how easy that is ) that your debt is not junk in order to get financing from the ECB .
Today , despite the clear dangers and massive debts , all three rating agencies are surely scared to take the politically charged step of declaring Greek debt is junk .
They are similarly afraid to touch Portugal .
So what next for Portugal ?
Pity the serious Portuguese politician who argues that fiscal probity calls for early belt tightening .
The EU , the ECB , and the Greeks have all proven that the euro zone nations have no threshold for pain , and EU money will be there for anyone who wants it .
The Portuguese politicians can do nothing but wait for the situation to get worse , and then demand their bailout package too .
No doubt Greece will be back next year for more .
And , the nations that “ foolishly ” already started their austerity , such as Ireland and Italy , must surely be wondering whether they too should take the less austere path .
There seems to be no logic in the system , but perhaps there is a logical outcome .
Europe will eventually grow tired of bailing out its weaker countries .
The Germans will probably pull that plug first .
The longer we wait to see fiscal probity established , at the ECB and the EU , and within each nation , the more debt will be built up , and the more dangerous the situation will get .
When the plug is finally pulled , at least one nation will end up in a painful default ; unfortunately , the way we are heading , the problems could be even more widespread .
This post previously appeared on the NYT.com ’s Economix and is used here with permission .
If you would like to reproduce the entire post , please contact the New York Times .
" Listening Station " redirects here .
For other possible uses , see Listening post .
The tracking station was a small structure operated by two Portuguese - speaking technicians , Mathias and Henrik .
It was located in a cold , snowy place ; a blizzard was seen outside and mountains were observed nearby .
The station was in direct contact with Penelope Widmore .
Contents show ]
Description
The computer display
The purpose of the station was to detect any electromagnetic signatures emanating from the Island , in an attempt to locate it .
The technicians , Mathias and Henrik , appeared to have missed a prior anomaly .
After the discharge occurred , a console in the station displayed the numeric / text :
“ >/ 7418880
Electromagnetic
Anomaly
Detected ”
In the narrative of the show , the scene in the listening station was the first evidence indicating the world is " still out there " .
This was also the first time that perspective broke off the Island in real - time .
Penny 's search
As a result of detecting the discharge , the Island was made visible to the listening station and they subsequently alerted Penelope Widmore .
Naomi told the survivors that Penny hired her company to conduct a search and rescue mission for Desmond and that Penny gave them a set of coordinates in the middle of the ocean ( presumably provided by the listening station ) .
Naomi said she never met
Penny herself and that the mission was seen by the freighter team as a fool 's errand .
( " The Brig " ) However , it is later revealed that the freighter was Charles Widmore 's and Naomi and her team were hired by Matthew Abaddon .
Minkowski , the ship 's communications officer , said that he was ordered not to answer incoming calls from Penny .
After Desmond got aboard the freighter , Penny told him that she knew about the Island and had been researching and looking for him for three years .
Trivia
In a Kristin Dos Santos E Online interview , Jack Bender talked about the choice of Portuguese as a language for the technicians as somewhat arbitrary .
Originally , Russian was planned for the script , but they just happened to find two actors that spoke Portuguese .
[ source needed ]
interview , Jack Bender talked about the choice of Portuguese as a language for the technicians as somewhat arbitrary .
Originally , Russian was planned for the script , but they just happened to find two actors that spoke Portuguese .
Mikhail claimed he was recruited while working at a listening post in Siberia .
There is a snippet of sitar music playing at the start of the scene - the song being played is " Make Your Own Kind of Music " by Mama Cass Elliot .
One of the technicians ( Mathias ) looks like Jack , but is in fact a different actor .
Mathias is played by Len Cordova .
Their speech was Portuguese from Brazil .
Although their accents do not exactly match any Portuguese accent ( neither the native nor any colonial one ) , the sentence construction and some expressions they use are without any doubt Brazilian .
The subtitles omitted a few key phrases spoken by the two men .
There is a Brazilian research station in Antarctica at 62°08 'S 58°40 'W operating since 1984 .
Among other activities , the station does research on geomagnetic observations .
The yellow telephone that was in the station has no buttons ( apparently for receiving calls or making a call to one number ) .
The number 7418880 is the product of the Numbers ( 4 x 8 x 15 x 16 x 23 x 42 ) .
Leonard Simms and Sam Toomey served together at a listening post monitoring long wave transmission in the Pacific .
Sam heard a voice repeating the Numbers . ( " Numbers " )
The computer was running a Windows 98 theme .
Terminal output
At the end of " Live Together , Die Alone " , the following was shown on a computer screen in the station :
“ Delivery Subsystem 550 requested action taken :
> Received : by 10.48.24.11 with SMTP id m12mr1134482afg ;
> Received : by 10.29.34.1 with HTTP
> Message -ID : Subject : AUTOMATED TEST
> MIME - Version : 1.0
> Content - Transfer - Encoding : quoted - printable
> Content - Disposition : inline
>
AUTOMATED TEST -
1 bbybby 77111790 ++++ systems normal ++++
76555#722#0
zzzzzz330 7711345 ++++ systems normal ++++
QX10022005#311
TEST COMPLETE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Delivery Subsystem 550 Requested action taken :
> Sent : by 10.28.224.18 with SMTP id m11mr1134484mfg ;
> Sent : to 10.49.31.1 with HTTP ”
This appears to be a report from an email client .
The message was sent through an web mail interface ( thus HTTP ) and delivered through one mail server with SMTP ; however the 10 .
prefix indicates they are part of a private network , as opposed to the Internet .
This could suggest that there were other terminals , perhaps at nearby listening stations , or an internet tunnel was being employed for use by the listening station crew .
A 550 SMTP message is the normal response returned when a mailbox does not exist on the receiving server .
Analysis
Recurring themes
Mathias and Henrik were posted at the tracking station apart from the outside world .
Isolation )
The code for the anomaly was 7418880 , the product of The Numbers .
The Numbers )
Unanswered questions
For fan theories about these unanswered questions , see : Listening station / Theories
One of the world ’s major astronomy projects has passed a key milestone .
The Atacama Large Millimeter / submillimeter Array ( ALMA ) has , for the first time , linked three antennas at its location in Chile .
It will eventually link signals from tens of dishes to study the Universe .
( ©ESO )
The government has wasted millions of pounds setting up a sub-optimal journey planner for cyclists – when an online system set up by enthusiasts provides wider coverage and more functionality at a fraction of the cost incurred by the Department for Transport ( DfT ) .
On the day that Alistair Darling and would - be Chancellor George Osborne locked horns on the issue of just how much scope there is for cuts in government budgets , that is the accusation levelled by cycling activist and Reg reader Richard Taylor .
The actual sums involved in this instance are trivial by comparison to overall government spend .
However , Mr Taylor believes that this case highlights the accusation levelled by Tom Steinberg , Director of MySociety , that the Civil Service is still a long way from understanding how to get the best out of the internet , and officially - inspired IT projects therefore compete with perfectly adequate and popular end - user devised solutions , rather than collaborating with them .
On his personal website Mr Taylor explains how a free online cycle route planner has been available in Cambridge since the Cambridge Cycling Campaign Journey Planner was launched in 2006 .
This system then mutated into CycleStreets , a nationwide project , which provides users with suggestions for cycle friendly routes and allows them to choose for either an " unhurried " or " quick " ride .
The cost of this scheme , in terms of central government funding , was a few thousand pounds ( around £ 5,000 to £ 6,000 ) .
In 2009 , the Department of Transport launched a service via its transportdirect .
info website , enabling people to find cycle friendly routes in eighteen specific areas of the UK .
The government website only covers a small handful of selected locations , while CycleStreets covers the whole of the UK , subject to restrictions set by the quality of Open Street Map data for a given area .
CycleStreets provides additional function not available through the official option , including integration with a national photomap which allows people to see photos taken along the route .
The site also integrates with Google Earth .
The cost of work on the government site to date , according to a freedom of information request submitted via the whatdotheyknow website is £ 2,383,739 , with plans currently under way to spend a further £ 400,000 on adapting what has been produced to provide a route planner for a Cycling for Schools programme .
We have asked the DfT for a response to the accusation that they have been profligate with public funds , but due to the strictures of election reporting they are not allowed to answer our questions for at least a month .
A spokesman for the Conservative Party said : " News that Labour have spent millions replicating a service that cycling enthusiasts provide at a fraction of the price will come as a surprise to no one .
Instead of providing the data and information that could help people to set up these kinds of websites , they seem to think government always knows best , even if it costs the taxpayer millions to give people something they can do better themselves . "
At time of writing , we have received no comment from the Labour Party .
Taylor has his own views as to why such problems arise .
However , the bottom line , according to his own analysis , is that the government ought to stick to doing what it does best , which includes gathering and disseminating data .
However , where end - users have already put in the ground work , central IT should make use of what has already been done , rather than try to reinvent the wheel . ®
The NIT begins tonight !
I ’ve been saying for years that I wanted to fill out an NIT bracket , and this year I finally have .
Here it is ( click to open ) …
Now , some rationale :
I like VT to win it all .
I have Illinois going to the finals , based on their terrific performance in the Big 10 Tournament .
I also picked the underrated Pac - 10 ’s ASU and Mike Davis and his UAB squad ( more on him later )
I picked a lot of higher seeds .
That ’s to be expected in the NIT because the first 3 rounds have home - court advantage .
I analyzed the last several tourneys and found that on average there are 3 upsets in the early rounds , and only 5 over 4s and 6s over 3s .
For upsets , I like William and Mary over UNC .
I like the travel factor ( Chapel Hill is near Williamsburg ) , and UNC ca n’t be happy as a 4 seed in the NIT .
I ’m betting they ’ll play accordingly .
I also picked NC State over South Florida , as I think the Big East is overrated .
In round 2 I have Memphis over Mississippi and Dayton over Cincy .
Both those are due to close proximity of the games for the traveling teams , and very close matchups .
In round 3 I have UAB over Miss St. in a similar matchup .
Feel free to post a link to your NIT bracket and see how you compare .
I have been fascinated by the NIT since the Ohio State Buckeyes made a series of runs deep into the tournament back in 1986 and 1988 .
It was the 1988 tourney I remember most – I was 7 years old , and my favorite player Curtis Wilson did n’t have a great game – 4 assists and only 6 turnovers .
Ohio State lost to Connecticut by 5 .
These days , I look to the NIT to tell me who is going to be good next year .
Last years NIT said a lot about good teams this year .
Baylor and Notre Dame both made it to the final four last year in the NIT and put out great seasons this year .
One other side note : in 2008 I attended the NIT !
I saw 4th ranked VCU lose to 5th ranked UAB , headed by Mike Davis , who ’s back for his 3rd straight NIT this year and fighting for his job .
I was a fan of Mike Davis back when he coached Indiana .
I thought he came into a tough situation there and did very well despite the pressure and criticism .
I think UAB would be foolish to fire him .
Sen . John McCain has taken a hard turn to the right .
In an appearance on The O’Reilly Factor , McCain threw his support behind what appears to be the nation ’s stiffest immigration law in Arizona — and even took it one step farther .
McCain said that undocumented immigrants are a threat to American citizens because they are intentionally causing car accidents .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ It ’s the drive - by that — the drivers of cars with illegals in it that are intentionally causing accidents on the freeway , ” the onetime Republican presidential nominee told O’Reilly .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The state of Arizona is acting and doing what they feel they need to do in light of the fact that the federal government is not fulfilling its fundamental responsibility to secure our borders , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â McCain added .
“ Look , our border is not secured .
Our citizens are not safe . ”
McCain ’s Senate spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan told an Arizona newspaper that “ McCain was talking about vehicles carrying illegal immigrants that are involved in dangerous , high - speed law - enforcement pursuits . ”
Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu at a Washington , D.C. , news conference where McCain and Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz . , announced their new 10 - point border - security plan :
Buchanan pointed to comments made by an Arizona sheriff who claimed that high - speed chases of illegal immigrants were endangering lives .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ WeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve had numerous officers that have been killed by illegal immigrants in Arizona , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu told Washington , DC reporters at a press conference organized by Republican senators .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ In just one patrol area , weÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve had 64 pursuits — failure to yield for an officer — in one month .
That Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s out of control .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Remarked the New York Daily News , “ For most lawmakers , DWI stands for Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ driving while intoxicated .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â For Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , DWI stands for Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ driving while illegal .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
McCain appears to be veering toward more conservative positions as he faces a tough Republican primary for his Senate seat this fall .
ADVERTISEMENT
Transcript follows the below video clip .
O’REILLY : Now , next week , the governor is going to sign , we believe , a very stringent state law that gives the police in Arizona very , very broad authority to question people .
And a lot of people say it ’s going to be racial profiling .
You ’re going to look for Hispanics , question them , to see if they ’re here legally or not .
And it ’s just not fair .
And you say why ?
ADVERTISEMENT
MCCAIN : I say that the federal responsibilities have not been fulfilled .
Therefore , the states are acting — the state of Arizona is acting and doing what they feel they need to do in light of the fact that the federal government is not fulfilling its fundamental responsibility to secure our borders .
Our borders must be secure .
O’REILLY : But what about the racial profiling ?
You know that ’s going to happen has to happen .
MCCAIN : I hope — I would be very sorry that if some of that happens .
And I regret it , but I also regret the — really , it ’s not just the murder of Robert Krantz .
It ’s the people whose homes and property are being violated .
It ’s the drive - by that — the drivers of cars with illegals in it that are intentionally causing accidents on the freeway .
Look , our border is not secured .
Our citizens are not safe .
One of my guilty pleasures is luncheon meat .
As a child , my mother would sometimes serve me Spam sandwiches as an after - school snack .
Just fried slices of Spam in between two slices of white bread .
In the army , fried slices of luncheon meat were a frequent and not unwelcome option , served with rice , with noodles , and well , with just about whatever they were dishing out each day .
I was thrilled to discover , after moving into a new office , that a coffee shop around the corner offers luncheon meat sandwiches as a breakfast option .
But the best incarnation of luncheon meat that I have ever come across , and I ’m damn upset I ’ve only discovered this recently , is Spam fries .
Yup , luncheon meat chopped up into long skinny fries , fried until they ’re crispy on the outside , and served with one or more dips .
Disgustingly , sinfully , ridicously good .
I had these with some friends one night over drinks at Wild Oats , the bar owned and run by Willin Low , and I just about fell off my chair .
Within minutes of them being served –Willin serves his with a Kaffir Mayo–all conversation came to halt .
When it finally started again , all we could talk about were these amazing fries , about how great they were , how unhealthy they were , how they revived childhood memories , how we really should n’t eat more than a just a couple , but damn , were n’t they just addictive .
Now , I know some of you are saying , “ What ?
Luncheon meat ?
Eeeeeeeew , gross ! ”
But seriously , while I know that “ canned , precooked chopped pork shoulder meat with ham meat added , salt , water , sugar , and sodium nitrite to help keep its color ” sounds less than appealing , it really does taste pretty darned good .
And , you know what they say , do n’t knock it until you try it .
Ever since my first Spam fry , I ’ve been pestering Willin for his recipe .
Of course , when he gave it to me , I had to laugh .
The recipe really is as simple as deep - frying skinny pieces of luncheon meat until they ’re nice and golden - brown — or in the case of luncheon meat , reddish - brown .
The recipe is below .
I hope this brings you as much artery - clogging pleasure as it has me .
Willin Low ’s Luncheon Meat Fries with Kaffir Mayo
1 can of maling luncheon meat
peanut oil for deep frying
1 large egg
pinch of salt
pinch of pepper
1 cup extra virgin olive oil
3 tbsp lime juice
2 kaffir lime leaves
Heat oil to about 185 degrees c .
In the mean time , in a processor , add egg , lime juice , salt and pepper and process for about 15 sec , add the olive oil in a drizzle and then in a thin steady stream .
Chop the kaffir lime leaves finely and mix well with the mayo .
Set aside .
Cut luncheon meat to strips about the size of fingers ( or fries ) .
Deep fry the “ fries ” in batches to ensure that the oil temperature does not drop drastically .
Remove the fries when the colour is dark brown ( the entire “ fry ” should be very crispy and right in the middle just a little moist . )
Serve with the kaffir mayo !
[ and signed into law ] .
You ca n’t amend nothing .
Let ’s look at an example from my way - too - detailed post Mechanics of the two bill strategy .
Example
The Cornhusker Kickback is a provision in Bill # 1 that increases federal spending on Medicaid for Nebraska .
If this bill and provision were signed into law , and then Bill # 2 contained a provision to repeal it , Bill # 2 would reduce federal spending .
CBO would score this as savings , which could then be spent within Bill # 2 on sweeter benefits for someone without Bill # 2 resulting in a net deficit increase .
But if Bill # 1 is not yet law , then repealing a non-existent provision of law does n’t save any money , and they wo n’t get scored with any savings .
This means they cannot offset their other spending , and their Bill # 2 will increase the deficit .
This is a huge problem .
if the strategy is to hold Bill # 1 until Bill # 2 has passed the Senate .
There may be a procedural way to work around this problem , but I do n’t know it .
If there is not a way around it , they may be forced to enact Bill # 1 into law before the Senate passes Bill # 2 .
You can see how the money , procedure , and sequencing all interact to cause a potential nightmare for the Speaker and Leader Reid :
While there is tension about which House should pass the reconciliation bill ( # 2 ) first , it seems like an easy strategic call to save the House vote on Bill # 1 until last .
If they cannot find a way around this scoring problem , then when the Senate considers Bill # 2 it cannot get any scoring credit for deficit - reducing amendments it makes to Bill # 1 .
This makes it harder to spend money in Bill # 2 to build support for it in both the House and Senate .
There may be other complications with trying to amend a law that does not yet exist .
I ’m still exploring this .
In the extreme , it may mean that Bill # 1 has to become law for Bill # 2 to avoid 60 - vote points of order in the Senate .
The conventional wisdom is that there ’s no way Speaker Pelosi can pass Bill # 1 unless her members are certain Bill # 2 will become law .
So far this has meant that Bill # 1 has to wait for Bill # 2 .
Potential catch - 22 : Bill # 1 must become law first for Bill # 2 to survive the Senate , but House Democrats will not pass Bill # 1 and send it to the President until the Senate passes Bill # 2 .
Press reports and my sources suggest Democrats are hard at work on this problem .
I will surmise that there may be tricky procedural ways to work around it .
If so , those solutions would strengthen Republican process abuse arguments , but to Democrats those have to look trivial compared to this potential problem .
I do n’t understand this problem as well as I should , and procedural discussions are ongoing .
I will update this section as I learn more .
Update : Further conversations convince me there is no way around this .
The House will have to pass Bill # 1 ( the Senate - passed bill ) before the Senate can consider Bill # 2 ( the reconciliation bill ) .
Technically , the President does n’t have to sign Bill # 1 into law before the Senate can consider Bill # 2 , but that ’s a minor point .
I am updating my mechanics post to reflect this .
5. Procedural
I have described two procedural challenges resulting from reconciliation :
Bill # 2 must reduce the budget deficit over ten years and in the long run , as scored by CBO .
( There are more particulars which I will gloss over . )
Bill # 2 ca n’t be scored right if it amends a non-existent law .
This is an effect of an unusual two bill strategy .
The other two big procedural challenges are the Senate ’s Byrd rule and the vote - a- rama .
The Senate ’s Byrd rule
Oversimplifying , the Byrd rule precludes you from including provisions in Bill # 2 ( which is a reconciliation bill ) that do n’t affect spending or taxes .
An exception is made for a provision that does not affect spending or taxes by itself but is a necessary term or condition of a provision that does .
You can ignore this limitation if you have 60 votes to waive the Byrd rule .
Leader Reid will not have 60 votes to waive anything .
I have not discussed the details with experts , but I imagine this is a big challenge for the Stupak abortion provision .
That debate centers around limitations the federal government would place on health insurance plans sold through new State - based exchanges , including plans that are not directly subsidized with federal dollars .
The first order test for the Byrd rule has two parts and is simple :
If we remove this provision from the bill , does the bill ’s score change ?
Does federal spending or revenues change ?
If we remove this provision from the bill , is there another provision that affects spending or revenues that will no longer work ?
I do n’t know what the discussions are with the Senate parliamentarian , but based on my experience it would seem the Stupak amendment would fail both tests .
As with all Byrd rule tests , this procedural judgment is independent of anyone ’s policy views .
Whether the provision is good or bad policy is irrelevant to the procedural test .
It does not matter whether the state exchanges would work well or as Mr. Stupak would like .
They would still function without his amendment , and so it ’s difficult to argue that his language is a necessary term or condition of the exchanges .
This makes me think that one of the primary challenges for Speaker Pelosi and Leader Reid looks like this :
Speaker Pelosi needs Mr. Stupak and his allies to vote for Bill # 2 in the House .
To get these votes , she needs to include his amendment ( or maybe some variant thereof depending on their negotiations ) .
Setting aside the separable problem of whether including his language causes other House members to vote no , let ’s assume the Stupak language violates the Byrd rule .
Even if the House includes his language and passes the bill , that language is subject to a 60 - vote test in the Senate .
I assume that 41 Republicans would vote against waiving the Byrd rule on the Stupak language .
They would do this even though almost all of them are pro-life .
The Stupak amendment would automatically be removed from the bill .
Ironically this probably makes it easier for Leader Reid to get 50 more liberal Democrats to vote for final passage .
But Bill # 2 has now been changed and must again be passed by the House .
How does the Speaker now get Mr. Stupak and his allies to support the bill without his language ?
If my view on how the Byrd rule applies to the Stupak language is correct , then this is the most important but not the only Byrd rule consequence of a possible Bill # 2 .
The President ’s proposed new federal authority to regulate health insurance premiums might also violate the Byrd rule .
I ’m sure there are others .
In each case , the practical problem is more than just the loss of the policy .
It ’s the votes the leaders lose from Members who demand that policy change for their aye votes .
As a cultural observation , few things exacerbate institutional House - Senate tension like the Byrd rule .
House leaders , Members , and staff often ( justifiably ) lose their cool when this Senate rule places practical limits on their ability to pass legislation in the House .
A wild card challenge to Democratic Leaders would be if Senator Byrd were healthy enough to weigh in publicly on whether reconciliation should be used for this whole strategy .
A single Democratic Senator could not block the strategy ’s implementation any more than could a single Republican , but the psychological effect on the Senate majority of hypothetical Byrd opposition would be devastating .
Such opposition would be consistent with Senator Byrd ’s longstanding views on the appropriate use of reconciliation .
For more background on reconciliation , see my post from last August :
What is reconciliation ?
The Senate ’s vote-a-rama
I have few legacies in Washington , but one is that I coined the term vote - a- rama as a young Senate Budget Committee staffer in 1995 .
Senate floor debate on a reconciliation bill is limited to 20 hours .
There is no limit on amendments that can be offered .
This means that , after two full days of debate and amendments , twenty hours will have expired .
Any amendments which are queued up ( or are then offered ) are then voted on , in sequence , with no debate ( in theory ) .
In practice the Senators will often agree to precede each vote with 30 seconds of debate from the proponent and 30 seconds from an opponent .
For a normal reconciliation bill , there are anywhere from 15 to 60 amendments stacked up .
Assume 15 minutes per vote when the Senate is working at top speed .
The Senate spends many hours in a seemingly endless series of stacked votes .
This is called the vote - a-rama .
The Senate floor is usually mostly empty .
When things are really busy there might be eight or ten Senators and twice that many staff on the floor .
During the vote - a- rama you have 100 Senators and about the same number of staff on the Senate floor or in the cloakrooms for anywhere from four to fifteen or more consecutive hours .
A well - disciplined Senate majority party can defeat every amendment with a simple majority by simply voting to table ( kill ) each amendment .
This has a slightly different procedural and political feel than defeating the amendment but the same practical effect .
Still , the minority can often use the vote - a- rama to force members of the majority party to take politically tough votes .
I would expect vulnerable Senate Democrats to be looking to vote with Republicans on some of these votes to avoid political risks for their campaign .
This should not be too big of a challenge for Leader Reid , since he needs to hold only 50 of 59 for each tabling vote .
He can allow vulnerable individual Democrats to take a walk on particularly difficult amendments .
The novel twist this time would be the possibility of a Senate Republican filibuster by amendment during the vote - a- rama .
Even a single Republican could , in theory , offer an infinite sequence of amendments to each word of the bill , never allowing Leader Reid to get to final passage .
This has never happened .
Even in times of extreme partisan stress over highly contentious reconciliation bills , the minority has forced a handful or two of tough votes and then allowed the reconciliation bill to move to final passage .
But in sixteen years I have never seen the reconciliation process placed under as much stress as is suggested by this strategy .
This provokes two questions to which I do not know the answer :
If Senate Republicans continue to press their argument that use of reconciliation is abusive in this case , will they avail themselves of this tool ?
Does Leader Reid have a procedural option to shut it down ?
I will guess his staff are exploring options for a ruling by the chair to shut down such a sequence if the Chair ( controlled by Reid ) determines the extended sequence of amendments is dilatory .
This is another area where I know only the questions .
6. Substance & vote counting
Suppose there are 217 House Democrats and 50 Senate Democrats who are willing to vote for health care reform as a political matter and to use reconciliation as a procedural matter .
You still need them all to agree to the same substance and legislative text .
The primary challenge to Democratic success on the two bill strategy is getting 217 House votes for both bills .
Leader Reid ’s job of holding 50 votes for one bill is very difficult , but not as difficult as Speaker Pelosi ’s job of rounding up 217 votes for two bills .
Reid needs 50 of the 59 who voted for the Senate - passed bill .
Pelosi needs 217 votes .
220 voted aye in October , but two of them are no longer in the House and Republican Rep .
Cao now says he ’s a no .
She is playing with zero margin , or maybe less than that .
House Republican Whip Eric Cantor released a memo that describes Speaker Pelosi ’s challenge in getting to 217 .
The key difficulty to predicting what will happen is that we do n’t know how close Cantor ’s memo is to the Speaker ’s reality .
If you pay attention to only one thing in the near future , watch what these various swing vote House Democrats say about whether they will support or oppose a reconciliation bill .
This is interesting because it ’s the reverse of last fall ’s legislative process .
When they were operating under regular order and Leader Reid needed 60 of 60 Senate Democrats to shut down a filibuster , he had the more challenging job .
( Pelosi ’s job was not simple then by any measure . )
This relative difficulty last fall gave the Senate [ Democrats ] leverage over the House [ Democrats ] on substance and process .
This is a fundamental rule of House - Senate negotiations : if one body has only one option that can pass , that body wins in negotiations with the other .
Vote counting weakness becomes negotiating leverage .
Now the vote counting weakness and therefore the negotiating leverage is reversed .
In House - Senate negotiations Speaker Pelosi and the House have the upper hand over Leader Reid and the Senate for all issues on which she can legitimately claim that the issue matters for getting a particular Member ’s vote .
If losing a substantive issue means Leader Reid loses one of his 59 votes on Bill # 2 , he still has eight more to go before he jeopardizes final passage .
This is why everyone is so focused on Mr. Stupak and his allies .
It also means each House Democrat suddenly has tremendous leverage over the House leaders and the President .
I do n’t know that many of them will be bold / stupid enough to use that leverage , but the next Cornhusker Kickback is far more likely to be for a Democratic House Member than a Democratic Senator .
7. Timing
Recent chatter is about an Easter recess deadline .
That would leave the leaders four weeks to overcome all of these challenges .
Congressional recesses are useful forcing mechanisms but I wo n’t treat this as an absolute even if the President sets it this week .
Health care legislative deadline credibility evaporated last year .
More important is how the passage of time affects general enthusiasm within the House and Senate Democratic caucus .
Today it seems like they are gung ho , energized by the Blair House debate ( I struggle to understand why ) .
Will the popularity of these bills continue to slide as time passes , and , if so , how much harder will that make Speaker Pelosi ’s effort to corral the votes she needs ?
I have been arguing for a while that time is not the President ’s friend on this legislation , and that last fall he should have pushed Congress to move much faster .
While I think events have proven this argument correct , I underestimated the President ’s and his allies ’ willingness to press forward despite large and increasing opposition .
I mistakenly thought they would have given up long ago .
( Photo credits : Hurdles by iowa_spirit_walker )
One shelf of my bookcase is now groaning under the weight of its contents .
It 's the God slot , and in the years since the publication of Richard Dawkins 's The God Delusion in 2006 and Christopher Hitchens 's God Is Not Great in 2007 , there has been an addition every few weeks from enraged philosophers , theologians , historians and journalists , all trying to convince readers of the shoddiness of the New Atheists .
Peter Hitchens 's Rage Against God was the latest arrival last week .
So with Easter done and the Catholic church embroiled in one of the most shaming and tumultuous periods of its history , it seems an appropriate moment to reckon on the progress of New Atheism , and take stock of this curious and – in the early 2000s entirely unpredictable – publishing phenomenon .
What have all these books , these tons of paper and felled forests achieved ?
Well , the most obvious achievement has been a lot of sore heads .
Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens convey the fury of Old Testament prophets , while their opponents struggle in various well - mannered ways to contain theirs .
From my rough survey I would suggest those with philosophical training are the most irritated by New Atheism , while the journalists seem to enjoy the opportunities the row provides ; Peter Hitchens explicitly does the " in sorrow not in anger " approach .
What staggers the " philosophers " ( I use the term loosely to indicate writers who use philosophical arguments ) is the sheer philosophical illiteracy of Dawkins .
As Terry Eagleton puts it in Reason , Faith and Revolution , " Dawkins 's rationalist complacency is of just the sort Jonathan Swift so magnificently savaged " .
Several centuries on , it appears some have not quite grasped Swift 's point .
Faced with such ignorance of centuries of philosophical thought , there are two options .
Either start from the beginning – Charles Taylor 's 800 - page A Secular Age or Karen Armstrong 's speed history of western thought , The Case for God – or go for clever brevity , elegantly skewering the argument in the style of Eagleton or John Cornwell 's Darwin's Angel .
The problem with both genres is they do n't offer the kind of bestselling strident certainty that brought Dawkins such handsome financial rewards .
But perhaps New Atheism 's publishing success is a case of winning a battle and losing the war .
John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge point out in God is Back that the main religions are currently experiencing massive expansion across most of the world .
One of the biggest drivers of growth is China ; by 2050 it could be the biggest Muslim nation , and the biggest Christian one .
What numerous countries are now demonstrating from the US to Asia , from Africa to the Middle East and Latin America , is that modernisation , far from entailing secularisation , is actually leading to increased and intensified forms of religiosity .
According to Micklethwait and Wooldridge , the future across most of the globe is going to be very religious .
To the sceptical European , this is a lonely and unintelligible prospect .
So , scanning my stuffed bookshelf , which of these defences of God are going to help explain this enduring appeal ?
Start with Karen Armstrong 's A Short History of Myth : " we are meaning - seeking creatures " who " invent stories to place our lives in a larger setting … and give us a sense that , against all the depressing and chaotic evidence to the contrary , life has meaning and value " .
That helps explain why the bestselling religious book in the US is The Purpose Driven Life ( the first chapters of which are published on the net as What on Earth Am I Here For ? ) .
The faithful are not mugging up on critiques of reason for an argument with New Atheism , but turning to religion to offer meaning and purpose .
The great mistake the atheists made is to claim that religion started out as a clumsy stab at science – trying to explain how the world worked – and is now clearly redundant .
That misses the point entirely : religion is not about explaining how an earthquake or flood happens ; rather it offers meanings for such events .
When someone is killed in a car accident , western rationality is good at analysing how the brakes failed and the road curved , but has nothing to say about why , on that particular day , the brakes failed when it was you in the car : the sequence of random events that kill .
This search for meaning is part of what drives the religious spirit .
Armstrong distinguishes between two capabilities of the human brain : mythos and logos .
The latter is rational , logical ; the former generates the mythology " which often springs from profound anxiety about essentially practical problems which cannot be assuaged by purely logical arguments " .
Death is central to all human mythologies .
The second mistake made by the atheists is the assumption that faith and belief are mental processes akin to opinion .
Armstrong runs through the etymology to uncover original meanings : belief is a commitment not a proposition ; faith , as in " I have faith in you " , is an expression of confidence , not an assertion of the existence of something .
Dogma is " a truth which cannot easily be put into words and which can only be fully understood through long experience " – rather like the love of a parent for their child growing into adulthood .
The loss of the original meanings of all these words show how religious faith in the west came to be interpreted as a matter of the head and the intellect , and was bound up with the authority of an institution which expected submission :
God was regarded as something to think about rather than do in large chunks of western religious practice which , preoccupied with institutional power , ended up in this current cul de sac .
( Alastair Campbell 's use of the verb in " we do n't do God " is actually cutting - edge theology of a practice of love , service of others , search for justice . )
Armstrong offers an important insight into the sheer aggressive intolerance of New Atheism when she argues that " the history of religion shows that , once a myth ceases to give people intimations of transcendence , it becomes abhorrent " .
The shift to monotheism provoked huge struggle among the Israelites , for example , and a deep contempt for anything that might be idolatry .
The New Atheists might demonstrate this , suggests Armstrong ; Dawkins is rejecting a particular conception of God , the God of a literal reading of the Bible who made the world in six days .
What Dawkins would not be aware of ( he is proud of never having read any theology ) is that he shares this position with prominent 20th - century theologians such as Paul Tillich , who rejected this kind of belief as tantamount to idolatry .
So New Atheism could be read as a violent reaction against a corrupted mythology in need of renewal .
The paradox of New Atheism is that in its bid to make religion unacceptable , it has contributed to making it a subject that is considered worth talking about again .
As Micklethwait and Wooldridge point out , in the US there are now hundreds of thinktanks , institutes and courses dedicated to the subject .
Any visitor to Comment is Free is aware of how religion attracts a huge number of posts ; literary festivals routinely offer several sessions on religion .
Books are churned out .
Admittedly the debate can be horribly bad tempered and it is in as much danger of spreading intolerance as it is of enlightenment , but God has n't attracted this quantity or intensity of debate for decades .
Western Digital is following up its release of its enterprise - class and consumer - friendly 10,000 - rpm VelociRaptor hard drive from two years ago with two new models of even greater capacity .
Western Digital is following up its release of its enterprise - class and consumer - friendly 10,000 - rpm VelociRaptor hard drive from two years ago with two new models of even greater capacity .
Whereas the first topped out at 300GB , the WD4500HLHX ( $ 299 list ) can hold up to 450 GB of data , and the WD6000HLHX ( $ 329 list ) up to 600 GB .
Both drives are available immediately .
Like the original VelociRaptor , the 600 GB version is almost two drives in one .
The 2.5 - inch drive is affixed to a cast metal chassis ( called the " IcePack " ) that both functions as a heat sink and mimics the size and shape of traditional 3.5 - inch hard drives so it can be used in traditional cases , cages , and racks .
( Western Digital said in a statement that IcePack - less drives " are under evaluation with OEM customers and will be available through select commercial distributors within this quarter . " )
Also unchanged from the VelociRaptor 's original incarnation is power consumption .
According to Western Digital , the 450GB and 600 GB versions use no more electricity than did the 300GB incarnation : approximately 6.1 watts while reading and writing , 4.53 watts at idle , and 0.42 watts in standby and sleep modes .
There are a couple of differences between the new VelociRaptors and the previous one .
Probably the most notable are that the just - released drives support the new 6 - Gbps SATA interface , which may make for data transfer speeds up to 15 percent faster than could be achieved with the previous 300 GB drive .
An increase in cache from 16MB to 32MB will also provide another performance boost .
Particularly important for business users is an increase in reliability .
Whereas the 300 GB model only had a mean time between failure ( MTBF ) rating of 1.2 million hours , the 450GB and 600 GB models are rated at 1.4 million hours what Western Digital calls " the highest available reliability rating on a high capacity SATA drive . "
The VelociRaptor drives attain this level of reliability by use of " NoTouch ramp load technology , " in which the recording head never touches the disk media ; this puts less wear on the recording head and offers the drive better protection when being moved .
Also helpful is " Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward , " which is designed to help provide optimal performance even in high - vibration environments ( such as in very close proximity to a number of other fast - spinning drives ) .
ST . LOUIS — Ancient humans from Asia may have entered the Americas following an ocean highway made of dense kelp .
The new finding lends strength to the " coastal migration theory , " whereby early maritime populations boated from one island to another , hunting the bountiful amounts of sea creatures that live in kelp forests .
This research was presented here Sunday at the annual American Association for the Advancement of Science by anthropologist Jon Erlandson of the University of Oregon .
Today , a nearly continuous " kelp highway " stretches from Japan , up along Siberia , across the Bering Strait to Alaska , and down again along the California coastline , Erlandson said .
Kelp forests are some of the world 's richest ecosystems .
They are homes to seals , sea otters , hundreds of species of fish , sea urchins and abalone , all of which would have been important food and material sources for maritime people .
Although the coastal migration theory has yet to be proven with hard evidence , it is known that seafaring peoples lived in the Ryukyu Islands near Japan during the height of the last glacial period , about 35,000 to 15,000 years ago .
These peoples may have traveled 90 or more miles at a time between islands .
Some scientists believe that maritime people boated from Japan to Alaska along the Aleutian and Kurile Islands around 16,000 years ago .
Before that , people may have island - hopped their way to Australia 50,000 to 60,000 years ago .
Scientists have discovered settlements 11,500 to 9,000 years old along the coasts of some of these Pacific islands , which also have ecologically - rich kelp forests nearby that Erlandson believes existed when people were island hopping .
The remains of kelp resources have been discovered in a settlement in Daisy Cave in the Channel Islands off southern California , dated to about 9,800 years ago .
" The fact that productive kelp forests are found adjacent to some of the earliest coastal archaeological sites in the Americas supports the idea that such forests may have facilitated human coastal migrations around the Pacific Rim near the end of the last glacial period , " Erlandson said .
" In essence , they may have acted as a sort of kelp highway . "
Kelp forests also provide a barrier between coastal settlements and the rough open seas and lessen the wave forces on beach - side settlements .
Sometimes the kelp washes up on land , where land animals , which humans could kill and eat , can munch on it .
