Pop X is our monthly e-publication that examines the connection between unsustainable human population , overconsumption and the extinction of plants and animals around the world .
Get a free issue of Pop X delivered right to your inbox each month by signing up here :
Free Printables : Calendars , Cards , Worksheets , Games , Puzzles , & more ...
8963 Printables in all
Print out unlimited copies of your favorite projects including art , deals , and greeting cards .
Always free , always available !
This is the most comprehensive site offering every kind of easily - printed activity that you can simply copy on your home computer !
All free printables on this site are free for use for teachers , parents , schools , and personal use .
They may not be used on other websites .
What is your mother ’s maiden name ?
How about your pet ’s name ?
Questions like these were a dark corner of security systems for quite some time .
Most security researchers instinctively think they are n’t very secure .
But they still have gained widespread deployment as a backup to password - based authentication when email - based identification is n’t available .
Free webmail providers , for example , may have no other choice .
Unfortunately , because most websites rely on email when passwords fail , and email providers rely on personal knowledge questions , most web authentication is no more secure than personal knowledge questions .
This risk has gotten more attention recently , with high profile compromises of Paris Hilton ’s phone , Sarah Palin ’s email , and Twitter ’s corporate Google Documents occurring due to guessed personal knowledge questions .
There ’s finally been a surge of academic research into the area in the last five years .
It ’s been shown , for example , that these questions are easy to look up online , often found in public records , and easy for friends and acquaintances to guess .
In a joint work with Mike Just and Greg Matthews from the University of Edinburgh published this week in the proceedings of Financial Cryptography 2010 , we ’ve examined the more basic question of how secure the underlying answer distributions are to statistical guessing .
Put another way , if an attacker wants to do no target - specific work , but just guess common answers for a large number of accounts using population - wide statistics , how well can she do ?
Answering this question first required developing the right mathematical model for resistance of a question to guessing .
Entropy ( specifically Shannon entropy H1 ) is commonly thrown around as the measure of resistance to guessing , but it was never intended for this purpose and is not appropriate for measuring guessing of non-uniform distributions .
Guessing entropy G , the expected number of guesses if answers are guessed in decreasing order of likeliness , is better , but still highly skewed by low - probability events which would n’t be guessed in practice .
We ’re concerned with a trawling attacker , who will guess values like “ Smith , ” “ Jones , ” and “ Johnson ” for a target ’s mother ’s maiden name , and then move on to other accounts if these do n’t work .
The frequencies of uncommon names like “ Zabielskis ” are irrelevant because a trawling attacker will never try them , yet they inflate the values of both H1 and G. Entropy can be very misleading for real - world security , and we hope a contribution of our paper is to encourage the use of “ marginal ” guessing metrics instead .
We even provide a few theorems that prove in a strong way that high entropy ( H1 or G ) can give you no security at all against a trawling attacker in the real world .
Using these new metrics , we examined a range of statistics on answer distributions to common personal knowledge questions .
It turns out the majority of personal knowledge questions ask for proper names of people , pets , and places , and the rest are trivially insecure ( eg “ What is my favourite day of the week ? ” ) .
We collected government census data , pet registration records , and also completely crawled Facebook ’s people directory .
Incidentally , we believe this Facebook names corpus , consisting of 269 M full names , is the largest such dataset ever assembled and may have many uses outside of security research , which we are happy to provide it for .
Analysing our data for security , though , shows that essentially all human - generated names provide poor resistance to guessing .
For an attacker looking to make three guesses per personal knowledge question ( for example , because this triggers an account lock - down ) , none of the name distributions we looked at gave more than 8 bits of effective security except for full names .
That is , about at least 1 in 256 guesses would be successful , and 1 in 84 accounts compromised .
For an attacker who can make more than 3 guesses and wants to break into 50 % of available accounts , no distributions gave more than about 12 bits of effective security .
The actual values vary in some interesting ways - South Korean names are much easier to guess than American ones , female first names are harder than male ones , pet names are slightly harder than human names , and names are getting harder to guess over time .
Still , there is a strong result that anything named by humans is dangerous to use as a secret .
Sociologists have known this for years .
Most human names follow a power - law distribution fairly close to Zipfian , which we confirmed in our study .
This means every name distribution has a few disproportionately common names — ” Gonzalez ” amongst Chilean surnames , “ Guðrún ” amongst Icelandic forenames , “ Buddy ” amongst pets — for attackers to latch on to .
Combined with previous results on other attack methods , there should be no doubt that personal knowledge questions are no longer viable for email , which has come to play too critical a role in web security .
JERUSALEM — Israel this week has been blocking travelers from bringing Apple Inc.'s new iPad into the country saying the device 's wireless technology threatens to create interference with other products , a move that has puzzled people both in Israel and Silicon Valley .
The Ministry of Communications said the ban was instituted earlier this week because the iPad 's Wi-Fi wireless technology was built to the U.S. standard , which allows stronger signals than those allowed in Europe and Israel .
" This ...
Massey Energy runs the Upper Big Branch ( UBB ) mine in Montcoal , W.Va. , where 29 miners were killed last week .
The loss of life is tragic , but the UBB explosion is more than tragic ; it is criminal .
When corporations are guilty of crimes , however , they do n’t go to prison , they do n’t forfeit their freedom — they just get fined , which often amounts to a slap on the wrist , the cost of doing business .
No one makes this clearer than the CEO of Massey Energy , Don Blankenship .
He has been the bane of climate - change activists and mine safety advocates for years .
This latest mine disaster , if nothing else , will surely bring needed attention to this poster boy for malevolent big business trampling on communities , the environment and workers ’ rights .
Days after the Massey explosion , Blankenship admitted in a radio interview : “ Violations are , you know , unfortunately , a normal part of the mining process … there are violations at every coal mine in America .
And UBB was a mine that had violations . ”
The Charleston ( W.Va . )
Gazette has consistently reported critically on Massey Energy and Blankenship , prompting him to attack its editors in a November 2008 speech , saying : “ It is as great a pleasure to me to be criticized by the communists and the atheists of the Gazette … would we be upset if Osama bin Laden were to be critical of us ?
I do n’t think so . ”
Initial speculation on the cause of the explosion is methane in the mine .
The Massey UBB mine has received thousands of citations for violations , including many for failing to remove the methane with ventilation .
Another cause may be the mine ’s proximity to Massey mountaintop removal operations .
Mountaintop removal involves the massive blasting away of mountaintops , providing access to seams of coal , but causing widespread destruction of the environment .
The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that a West Virginia state investigation into the explosion will include possible impact of nearby mountaintop mining operations .
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson issued new rules restricting mountaintop removal on April 1 , just days before the Massey explosion .
Massey is the principal target of a growing grass - roots campaign against mountaintop removal .
Among those arrested at protests have been renowned climate scientist James Hansen , director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies , and actress Daryl Hannah .
Sixteen miners died in Massey mines between the years 2000 and 2007 .
Elvis Hatfield , 46 , and Don Bragg , 33 , were killed in January 2006 in the Aracoma mine fire .
Their widows sued Massey Energy and Blankenship .
At the trial , their lawyers presented a memo written by Blankenship months before the fatal fire , instructing his deep - mine superintendents to focus on extracting coal over safety projects :
“ If any of you have been asked by your group presidents , your supervisors , engineers or anyone else to do anything other than run coal ( i.e. build overcasts , do construction jobs , or whatever ) , you need to ignore them and run coal .
This memo is necessary only because we seem not to understand that the coal pays the bills . ”
Coal pays the bills .
And pays Blankenship ’s salary , which , estimated by The Associated Press at $ 19.7 million , is the highest in the coal industry .
Blankenship , who is a board member of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , is a fierce opponent of organized labor , a relentless denier of climate change and a staunch opponent of regulation .
He said of government regulators , last Labor Day at an anti-union rally , “ The very idea that they care more about coal - miner safety than we do is as silly as global warming . ”
Blankenship poured $ 3 million into the election campaign of a candidate for the West Virginia Supreme Court , in order to replace a sitting judge who he feared would rule against Massey in an appeal against a $ 50 million judgment .
The candidate he backed , Brent Benjamin , won the seat and voted to overturn the judgment .
( The U.S. Supreme Court overturned that decision , citing Blankenship ’s funding of the election , and the case served as the basis of John Grisham ’s 2008 legal thriller , “ The Appeal . ” )
Pension funds and other large institutional investors are demanding that Massey fire Blankenship .
The last of the 29 bodies of the miners killed in the Massey mine have been recovered .
Their deaths should not be counted by Don Blankenship as the cost of doing business , but , rather , should top his criminal indictment .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 800 stations in North America .
She is the author of “ Breaking the Sound Barrier , ” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best - seller .
© 2010 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
Rubio's path
Marco Rubio's remarkable fundraising haul — $ 3.6 million this quarter , he just announced — is a reminder of the scale of his stardom inside the Republican Party , all of whose core constituencies seem to like the guy .
He 's already hearing every day ( and brushing it off ) that he should run for president in 2012 , and at the inevitable moment in the cycle ( as in every party , every cycle ) when Republicans panic about their field of nominees , he 's likely to be uniquely attractive : young , conservative , Hispanic and from a swing state besides .
The buzz for a Rubio candidacy is broad , and deep .
Observers like Matt Lewis have made the case publicly , and my impression is that if a swath of conservative leaders have n't talked up his candidacy , it 's only because they have n't been asked .
I was talking to the Southern Baptist Convention 's Richard Land earlier this year for another story when he brought Rubio up , unasked .
" The longer nobody catches fire , the more space there is for Marco , " he said .
" It would n’t be unheard of for a freshman senator from Florida to be the nominee — particularly one who was speaker of the [ Florida Assembly ] .
" He 's got more experience than Obama had , " Land continued .
" There are a lot of Hispanics in this country who would find someone with Marco ’s ethnic background very appealing .
Although I like Sarah [ Palin ] , I think Sarah ’s got a lot more impediments to a nomination than Marco Rubio does . "
I was surprised to hear it from Land , a leading figure on the Christian right , with which Rubio has n't been particularly associated .
Rubio is more generally seen as the darling of the Wall Street - financed Club for Growth and of the fiscally oriented tea party movement .
But Land said he'd heard a great deal about Rubio from Baptist ministers in Florida , who said " he walks the walk . "
The echoes of Obama are unmistakable , and the context of Obama both removes Rubio 's youth and inexperience as issues and intensifies the Republican need for a new face .
Now , though , what Rubio needs is an easy race .
We 're two years out from the presidential campaign , not — as Obama was — four , and Rubio would need the luxury ( which Obama had , and John Thune has ) of a campaign so easy that he can spend parts of this fall in other states , doing favors and testing waters .
He 'll also , of course , need to get past Gov. Charlie Crist , who has already begun to bloody up the former speaker .
The speed of Rubio 's rise , if he wins the primary , will depend largely on Democrats and on Rep. Kendrick Meek .
Meek is often seen as a relatively week nominee and has n't gotten much attention amid the hard fought Republican primary .
But Democratic strategists say that Rubio is so conservative that any general election will be a challenge for him , and they 're already laying the groundwork for attacking him in a state full of retirees for his interest in private - sector involvement in Social Security .
A presidential bid would depend , I think , on flukish , Obama - style luck that lets him glide into the Senate .
Craig Rothwell , inventor of the iControlPad peripheral – which has been popping up in various stages of development since 2008 , most recently running Super Mario Kart and psx4iphone – has hit out on his development blog against recently revealed Apple iPhone peripheral patents spotted by Patently Apple .
In a post published on the 2nd April 2010 and entitled ' An extremely sinister development ' , Rothwell writes , “ We were very very surprised to see that apple have allegedly filed a patent for our original iControlPad design some 6 months after we revealed it . ”
The Apple patent was originally filed in Q3 2008 , while the iControlPad first got covered by Pocket Gamer in May 2008 .
“ This was announced on April the 1st , ” Rothwell goes on , “ and at first we thought it might be a joke aimed at us , but it 's now been reported on several other sites , today , april the 2nd . “
The inventors on Apple 's patent application are listed as Brett Allen and Sanjay Gadkari .
Gadkari appears to be a patent attorney employed by Apple .
We 've contacted Rothwell for comment .
The rumor mill has recently hinted that mainstream CPUs based on Intel ’s next - gen Sandy Bridge architecture will use the existing LGA1156 socket .
Will those products ’ high - end brethren fit in an existing socket , too ?
Not according to Bit - tech , which claims to have heard from its sources that Intel will introduce a new high - end socket in the third quarter of next year .
Reportedly , the future socket will accommodate eight - core , Sandy - Bridge - based CPUs , which will succeed today ’s high - end LGA1366 processors .
Hyper -Threading will live on , so users can look forward to a cool 16 threads per system .
( As a reminder , Intel kicked off the LGA1366 lineup with quad - core , eight - thread Core i7-900 offerings and recently added the Core i7 -980X , a six - core , 32 - nm chip with 12 threads . )
Bit - tech goes on to say that Intel ’s next - gen high - end platform will feature four memory channels alongside a new chipset , perhaps dubbed X68 , with more PCI Express lanes than today ’s X58 .
Future " X68 " motherboards will only have four DIMM slots , the site adds , because " one DIMM per channel . . . maximises memory bandwidth . "
That would be a step down from today ’s X58 mobos , which tend to have six DIMM slots ( and thus room for those newfangled 24GB DDR3 - 1600 kits ) .
No More “ Global Warming ”
In his ERG Lecture last week , John Holdren made an excellent point about terminology .
The term “ Global Warming ” is totally misleading .
“ Warming ” suggests a gradual , gentle process .
Combined with the term “ global , ” it suggests that the main concern is the increase in average global temperatures .
As Holdren pointed out , this is all quite misleading : ( 1 ) the big concern is not with global averages ( which are heavily weighted by the large amount of area occupied by oceans ) but with the much larger changes that can be expected in many areas ; ( 2 ) the pace of change will outpace the ability of ecosystems and human institutions to respond ; ( 3 ) temperature extremes such as heat waves are much more worrisome than average local temperatures ; and ( 4 ) extreme weather events such as storms , droughts , and floods are scarier than the temperature changes themselves .
Instead of “ Global Warming , ” Holdren suggested the term “ Climate Disruption . ”
That seems to me like a much more accurate description of the real problem .
P.S. We will be posting the entire lecture on the ERG homepage next week .
African - American political and religious leaders on Monday demanded that Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon and other top city brass fire the police officer who threw Councilman Michael Johnson to the ground and handcuffed him last week during an altercation that many residents described as an all - too - common occurrence in south Phoenix .
The Rev. Oscar Tillman , who heads the Maricopa County branch of the NAACP , called for Police Chief Jack Harris to step down in the wake of the early Friday morning incident .
Johnson alleges that two - year Officer Brian Authement , 27 , who is White , used excessive force when he pushed the African - American councilman in the chest , wrested him to the ground and handcuffed him as he tried to check on his neighbor whose house was on fire .
Photos from the hearing | Meeting boycotted
Councilman handcuffed at fire scene
A 21 - year police officer who retired in 1995 , Johnson told The Arizona Republic he met with U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke over the weekend to request that the Justice Department investigate civil - rights complaints against Phoenix police .
Meanwhile , at a three - hour public hearing about the incident , Harris said he asked the FBI on Monday to conduct an independent investigation of possible civil - rights abuses by Phoenix police and monitor his department 's internal probe of the incident .
" My hope is that by doing that we are showing the community we have an open process , " Harris said , " that we are asking for the highest levels of review of the investigation to assure that we have done everything humanely possible . . . to make sure this investigation is completed accurately , objectively and appropriately . "
At a meeting punctuated by shouting , clapping and finger - pointing , more than 100 African - American community members packed the City Council Chambers , expressing outrage at the way the officer treated Johnson .
Several testified that they or their family members have been pulled over , questioned or arrested by police because of the color of their skin .
" I feel that I 'm just one of many victims , " said Johnson , who did not attend the meeting but will discuss the incident at 11 a.m. today at the Sandra Day O'Connor U.S. Courthouse .
At the start of the hearing , City Manager David Cavazos announced the creation of an ad hoc committee to improve police communication with south Phoenix residents and examine the root cause of why many in the region 's Black and Latino neighborhoods distrust the police .
A handful of Black leaders , including state Rep. Cloves Campbell Jr. and Johnson 's pastor , Aubrey Barnwell , called for Authement 's badge .
An Iraq War veteran , Authement remains on paid leave pending the internal investigation .
" This one incident can't be tolerated .
I want to see this man removed , " said Campbell , a Phoenix Democrat and owner of the state 's largest African - American newspaper .
" To have one person taint the reputation of our city is irresponsible .
I 'm asking you mayor to get rid of this guy and make sure he does not work for the city of Phoenix again . "
The Rev. Tillman said he blamed Harris for the incident , saying the chief 's leadership sets the tone of the entire department .
" I do n't think things are going to change until we get a new police chief , " said Tillman , an outspoken Harris critic .
" Jack Harris , you served well , you retired .
. . .
It is high time you go home . "
Gordon did n't share his personal views on the incident .
But his deputy chief of staff , Marchelle Franklin , said the city charter prohibits the mayor or council from hiring , firing or disciplining any employee other than the city manager .
The mayor " could be removed from office if he becomes involved in any personnel - related matters , " Franklin said .
Monday 's special meeting , called by Gordon over the weekend , got off to an uncertain start .
Johnson did not attend due to a conflict of interest .
And four other council members - Sal DiCiccio , Peggy Neely , Bill Gates and Michael Nowakowski - boycotted the meeting , arguing that city leaders should not discuss the incident in public before the investigation is concluded or they receive legal advice about the matter .
Without a five - member quorum , the council could not take any formal action .
The full council later discussed the incident - and potential litigation - in a closed - door session Monday afternoon .
" Very serious allegations have been made , and we need to have an investigation first , " Gates said .
" There 's a possibility that lawsuits could be filed on both sides . "
The council members ' absence , however , stung some members of the audience .
" I 'm disappointed in that all of us took time from our schedules to be here recognizing the importance of this issue , " said Barnwell , pastor of First New Life Missionary Baptist Church .
Harris said the first draft of the internal investigation would be completed in about two weeks .
Authement then will have up to 21 days to review the report with a representative from the Phoenix Law Enforcement Association , the police union , to ensure it is accurate .
Depending on the results of the investigation , Authement could return to work , face discipline or be fired .
" We have a nationwide reputation for doing very thorough , complete , objective investigations that are based on the facts of what we are presented with and what occurred , not based on emotion , " Harris said .
Charlie Angus , the NDP Member of Parliament and musician , has a reputation for speaking his mind .
Last week , he did more than just speak out .
Angus single - handedly shook up the Canadian copyright landscape by promoting two reforms -- an extension of the private copying levy to audio recording devices such as iPods and greater flexibility in the fair dealing provision , the Canadian equivalent of fair use .
Tech Giants Defend Canadian Copyright Law read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
The iPod levy proposal sparked immediate controversy .
Canada slapped a private copying levy on blank media such as CDs more than ten years ago .
It has generated hundreds of millions of dollars , but previous attempts to extend the levy to devices were struck down by the courts as outside the scope of the law .
The Angus bill would amend the law by expressly bringing devices within the levy scheme .
The problem is that few devices these days are limited to audio .
In a world dominated by multipurpose devices that play audio and video , run applications , and provide phone service , it is next to impossible to separate the audio functionality .
In other words , the levy ends up potentially covering everything -- iPods , iPhones , BlackBerrys , Androids , iPads , and even personal computers .
Creator groups were quick to express their support for the proposal , but the Conservative government made it clear it is a non-starter from their perspective .
Industry Minister Tony Clement labelled the plan " nonsensical , " while Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore dubbed it the iTax , arguing " consumers deserve lower , not higher taxes . "
Private members ' bills rarely become law , but the levy issue seems destined to percolate for the foreseeable future .
On the same day Angus tabled his bill , Bloc MP Carole Lavallée introduced a Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage Committee motion expressing support for the levy extension .
It was supported by NDP and Liberal MPs ( as well as the Conservative committee chair ) , which will send the issue to the House of Commons for discussion .
While the iPod levy proposal garnered the lion 's share of attention , Angus ' fair dealing motion may ultimately have a bigger impact .
Under Canadian law , fair dealing permits the use of copyright works without permission for a limited set of purposes , including research , private study , news reporting , criticism , and review .
Fair dealing is regularly relied upon by the public -- by students when they quote from texts , journalists in their reporting , authors writing books or book reviews , and scientists engaged in research .
Yet because the fair dealing categories are limited , the provision does not currently apply to consumers recording television shows , artists creating parodies or satires , or businesses introducing innovative new goods or services .
Rather than adopting an exception - by - exception approach vulnerable to changing technologies , the Angus proposal merely opens to the door to other possible categories of fair dealing .
In many respects , it is a made - in - Canada version of the U.S. fair use provision , since it shares similar flexibility , but is grounded in Canadian rules for determining what qualifies as fair dealing .
The approach is precisely what thousands of Canadians supported during last summer 's copyright consultation since it seeks to strike a balance by ensuring that uses are fair , not necessarily free .
Interestingly , while Moore and Clement were outspoken in their criticism of the levy proposal , they kept mum on the fair dealing motion , perhaps recognizing that it is consistent with their stated desire for a technology - neutral , forward looking approach to copyright .
One side effect of the obesity epidemic in America is rarely noted : Women 's chests are expanding nearly as fast as their bellies .
Poor eating habits , as well as breast implants and the estrogens in birth - control pills , have led to an increase in the past 15 years of more than one bra size for the average American woman — from a 34B to a 36C .
For many women , this has been a burdensome trend .
A pair of D - cup breasts weighs between 15 and 23 pounds — the equivalent of carrying around two small turkeys .
The larger the breasts , the more they move and the greater the discomfort .
In one study , 56 percent of women suffered from breast pain when jogging .
" Women will limit themselves from doing exercise because of their breasts , " says Deirdre McGhee , a sports physiotherapist and graduate student in biomechanics at the University of Wollongong in Australia .
" They actually deprive themselves .
" And the less they exercise , the more obese and buxom they may become .
For most women , a good bra is still the best remedy .
According to the American Apparel and Footwear Association , nearly 500 million bras were sold in the United States in 2001 ; last year , sales totaled more than $ 5 billion .
As breasts have grown , so have the demands of customers , the scientific sophistication of bra design , and the competition among bra manufacturers .
" Women like their bras to be sexy and sensual and comfy and supportive , " McGhee says .
" And to get all that is rare . "
Yet after nearly a century of experimentation , the perfect bra may well be in sight .
Bra designers begin with a significant handicap :
The structure of breasts is still something of a mystery .
Evolutionary biologists are n't sure why breasts evolved as they did — chimpanzees and other mammals develop them only when lactating — and no one knows what keeps them from sagging .
An individual breast is made up of between 15 and 20 sections , known as lobes .
These are composed of smaller lobules that end in bulbs that produce milk and are interconnected by a network of ducts .
But breasts contain no muscles at all , and the bulbs and ducts are essentially the same in all women .
Size is mainly determined by how much fat the breasts contain .
Most anatomists believe the breasts ' primary means of support are the Cooper 's ligaments interlaced among the lobules .
But others give the skin more credit .
To best support breasts , a designer has to understand how they move .
To that end , McGhee 's team in Australia , headed by biomechanist Julie Steele , tags women with light - emitting diodes and asks them to run on treadmills .
( The women run with and without bras , so the laboratory doors are bolted to prevent uninvited people from bursting in . )
Computer systems then track the breasts ' motions in three dimensions by following the moving lights .
" We can actually work out exactly where they 're going , how they 're moving , and how this movement is affected by bras , " Steele says .
Breasts move in a sinusoidal pattern , Steele has found , and they move a lot .
Small breasts can move more than three inches vertically during a jog , and large breasts sometimes leave their bras entirely .
" We have videos of women who , particularly if the cup is too low , spill all over the top , " Steele says .
The larger the breasts and the more they move , the more momentum they generate .
To change or stop that momentum requires a large force , usually applied through bra straps .
When straps are thin , the pressure exerted through them can be so great as to leave furrows in the shoulders of large - breasted women .
As the straps dig into the brachial plexus , the nerve group that runs down the arm , they may cause numbness in the little finger .
In some cases , breasts can slap against the chest with enough force to break the clavicle .
" Force equals mass times acceleration , " Steele says .
" That 's Newton 's second law .
You have a large mass , and it 's going quickly , and the force is going to be large .
If you have breasts that are slapping down and hitting the chest and having to come back up , they accelerate very quickly . "
No one really knows the long - term medical consequences of " excessive breast bounce , " as Steele calls it .
But it can cause pain and is the most likely reason for sagging breasts .
There are two ways to keep breasts from moving : encapsulation and compression .
Encapsulation bras look like the old - fashioned brassieres our grandmothers wore , with large molded cups that completely contain the breast .
Compression bras are more popular but less comfortable :
They squash the breasts against the body , thereby reducing the amount of weight the bra has to cantilever .
Since the 1800s , when women used corsets stiffened by whalebone to support their breasts , bra designers have experimented with innumerable structures and materials .
" Making a bra is like building a bridge , " says Manette Scheininger , a senior vice president of design , merchandising , and research and development at Maidenform .
" You have weight that has to be uplifted .
You have to have support all around . "
Larger breasts compound the challenge , Scheininger says .
" And not just by a little bit .
The challenge grows dramatically . "
The first sports bra was created in 1977 , when two American women took a pair of jockstraps , cut them apart , and sewed them back together .
They dubbed their creation the Jogbra .
Other bra designs since then have used gel and water pads , silver fibers that cool the skin and dispel bacterial growth and body odor , and air bags that wearers can pump up to enhance the appearance of their breasts .
This past summer , a virtually stitchless bra was introduced by Wacoal , a leading manufacturer .
The bra is molded , compressed , and shaped at the same time — " sort of like a car fender , " Wacoal designer Linda Hyde says .
Thanks to cylindrical hosiery machines , other bras can now be knit in circular patterns with differing amounts of stretch and support .
Steele 's team is taking fabric technology another step .
Six years ago , her laboratory , in collaboration with the University of Wollongong 's Intelligent Polymer Research Institute , began work on the world 's first smart bra .
It uses intelligent materials and electronic textiles to sense when breast motion increases and tighten appropriate parts of the bra in response .
" When you 're sitting around the office , it is n't restrictive , " Steele says .
" But if you need to run for a bus or something , it will sense that you 've started to run , and it will give you the support of a sports bra . "
Steele 's lab has teamed up with Marks & Spencer , a major retailer in Britain , to further develop the project .
Meanwhile , McGhee and Steele have their sights set beyond tinkering with bra straps and fabrics .
They are using Steele 's extensive work on the biomechanics of breasts to explore an entirely new way of designing bras .
Starting in the 1970s , podiatrists and biomechanists radically redesigned running shoes to make them lighter and more stable .
Steele and McGhee hope to accomplish a similar paradigm shift and correct the problem with the most supportive bras :
They are also rated the most uncomfortable .
" We 're not testing a product but a concept , " says Steele .
" What we 're trying to bring in now is an idea that will not be a gimmick — understanding the structure , function , and the movement and putting them all together with the science underpinning it . "
Steele and McGhee are reluctant to divulge any details for fear of tipping off rival designers —
" It 's a really dirty game , " McGhee says .
But initial trials are under way while they stake out intellectual property rights .
Given that more than 30 percent of American women now wear D cups and larger , the team should n't have trouble finding a commercial partner if they succeed .
When it comes to bras , the usual rules of exercise are reversed :
No pain , very much gain .
When her small executive search firm in New York City canceled its health insurance policy last year because of the recession and rising premiums , April Welles was able to buy her own plan and still be covered for her cancer and multiple sclerosis .
She was lucky to live in New York , one of the first states to require insurance companies to offer comprehensive coverage to all people regardless of pre-existing conditions .
But Ms. Welles , 58 , also pays dearly :
Her premium is $ 17,876 a year .
“ That ’s a lot of groceries , ” she said .
New York ’s insurance system has been a working laboratory for the core provision of the new federal health care law — insurance even for those who are already sick and facing huge medical bills — and an expensive lesson in unplanned consequences .
Premiums for individual and small group policies have risen so high that state officials and patients ’ advocates say that New York ’s extensive insurance safety net for people like Ms. Welles is falling apart .
The problem stems in part from the state ’s high medical costs and in part from its stringent requirements for insurance companies in the individual and small group market .
In 1993 , motivated by stories of suffering AIDS patients , the state became one of the first to require insurers to extend individual or small group coverage to anyone with pre-existing illnesses .
" It 's not 100 per cent that it is Noah 's Ark but we think it is 99.9 per cent that this is it , " said Yeung Wing - cheung , a Hong Kong documentary filmmaker and member of the 15 - strong team from
Officials say it is unlikely that anyone in the path of the landslide survived
Some 200 people are feared to have been buried by a landslide in Rio de Janeiro , following the heaviest rains in decades , Brazilian officials say .
Mud came crashing down into a slum in Niteroi , across the bay from Rio , sweeping away at least 50 homes .
Rescuers are still searching for survivors of previous mudslides .
The number of confirmed dead is 150 but is now expected to rise steeply .
Officials are to distribute thousands of aid packs with food and medicine .
' Instant death ' Hundreds of people and rescuers rushed to find buried victims after the fresh mudslide hit Niteroi , one of the worst affected parts of the greater Rio de Janeiro area , late on Wednesday .
A nursery for children was among the 50 buried buildings , officials said .
Brazilian media initially said some 20 people had been pulled from the debris alive and that six had died - including five women and a child .
RIO FLOOD DISASTER
Engulfed by mud
In pictures : Rio's clean - up Rio floods :
Your experiences However , civil defence spokesman Pedro Machado later told the Globo news network that at least 200 people were feared buried in the landslide .
" In our experience , it 's an instant death [ for those caught in their homes ] , " Mr Machado said .
Torrential downpours that began on Monday afternoon set off dozens of landslides .
Most of the victims have been the residents of the shanty towns built on the hills around Rio , Brazil 's second biggest city .
The mayor of Rio , Eduardo Paes , has said that up to 2,000 families will be moved from high - risk areas , but has not given details of when nor where to .
He said 4,000 families had been made homeless and that 10,000 houses remained at risk , mostly in the slums where about a fifth of Rio 's people live .
Olympics
While rescue efforts continue , health officials are to distribute some 70,000 aid packages .
The kits will contain food , clothes and medical supplies for those left homeless or cut off from the outside world because of flooding and mudslides .
The Brazilian government has also announced an emergency programme to re-build homes for families who lost their houses .
The local authorities have also requested more than $ 200 m from the federal government to help them cope with the disaster .
Brazil 's national weather service , Inmet , said the rainfall was the heaviest in 48 years .
Forecasters say rain is likely to continue , but will not be as heavy .
Rio is due to host games of the 2014 World Cup and the Olympic Games in 2016 .
The International Olympic Committee said it would have discussions with officials in Rio once the situation returned to normal .
" We remain confident that Rio will stage top quality Games in 2016 , " an IOC statement said .
Brazilian officials have already stressed that the international sporting events are not set to be held during the usual rainy season .
Are you affected by the flooding in Rio de Janeiro ?
Please use the postform below to send us your contact details and experiences if you would be willing to speak to the BBC .
If you have photos , you can send them to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rome , Italy ( CNN ) -- Pope Benedict XVI was " greatly moved " by a meeting with victims of abuse by Catholic clergy , he said Wednesday , in his first public comments on the scandal in more than a month .
He said he gave the victims " assurances of the church 's action " after the meeting in Valletta , Malta , on Sunday .
The Catholic Church has been shaken in the past year by hundreds of allegations of abuse by Catholic clergy in Ireland , the Netherlands , Austria and the pope 's native Germany .
The Vatican said Sunday that Benedict told the victims he feels shame for what they suffered within the church and will make sure their abusers are brought to justice .
One of the victims , Joseph Magro , said the meeting was very emotional , and left even the pope " with tears in his eyes . "
The pontiff met with eight men in Valletta , Malta , who said they were abused by Catholic priests when they were children , the Vatican said .
The group prayed together , and then the pope spoke individually with each of the men .
The eight men are among a group of 10 on the Mediterranean island who have come forward saying Catholic priests abused them at a local orphanage during the 1980s and 1990s .
Magro said Sunday 's encounter with the pontiff had a strong impact .
" I made peace with the church , " Magro said immediately after the meeting .
The 20 - minute encounter , held in the chapel of the papal embassy in Malta , was only Benedict 's third meeting with victims of sexual abuse -- and the first amid the recent chorus of criticism of the church 's response to the crisis and of Benedict 's own history of handling sexual abuse cases .
The pontiff met five victims of sexual abuse in Washington , during his April 2008 trip to the United States , and with five other victims in July 2008 in Australia .
While the victims who took part in the meeting were generally hopeful about its significance , the largest organization for victims of priestly sex abuse in the United States was more skeptical .
" We are sure these brave men deserve anything that can help their healing , and we hope they feel better , " said Barbara Dorris of the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests .
" However , the pope 's professions of ' sorrow ' do n't keep one child - molesting cleric away from kids , expose one corrupt bishop or make one child more secure , " Dorris said .
" That is where the pope 's focus should be . "
CNN 's Hada Messia and Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen in Rome contributed to this report .
From wh.gov :
Presidential Memorandum - Hospital Visitation
MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
SUBJECT : Respecting the Rights of Hospital Patients to Receive Visitors and to Designate Surrogate Decision Makers for Medical Emergencies
There are few moments in our lives that call for greater compassion and companionship than when a loved one is admitted to the hospital .
In these hours of need and moments of pain and anxiety , all of us would hope to have a hand to hold , a shoulder on which to lean -- a loved one to be there for us , as we would be there for them .
Yet every day , all across America , patients are denied the kindnesses and caring of a loved one at their sides -- whether in a sudden medical emergency or a rolonged hospital stay .
Often , a widow or widower with no children is denied the support and comfort of a good friend .
Members of religious orders are sometimes unable to choose someone other than an immediate family member to visit them and make medical decisions on their behalf .
Also uniquely affected are gay and lesbian Americans who are often barred from the bedsides of the partners with whom they may have spent decades of their lives -- unable to be there for the person they love , and unable to act as a legal surrogate if their partner is incapacitated .
For all of these Americans , the failure to have their wishes respected concerning who may visit them or make medical decisions on their behalf has real onsequences .
It means that doctors and nurses do not always have the best information about patients ' medications and medical histories and that friends and
certain family members are unable to serve as intermediaries to help communicate patients ' needs .
It means that a stressful and at times terrifying experience for patients is senselessly compounded by indignity and unfairness .
And it means that all too often , people are made to suffer or even to pass away alone , denied the comfort of companionship in their final moments while a loved one is left worrying and pacing down the hall .
Many States have taken steps to try to put an end to these problems .
North Carolina recently amended its Patients ' Bill of Rights to give each patient " the right to designate visitors who shall receive the same visitation privileges as the patient 's immediate family members , regardless of whether the visitors are legally related to the patient " -- a right that applies in every hospital in the State .
Delaware , Nebraska , and Minnesota have adopted similar laws .
My Administration can expand on these important steps to ensure that patients can receive compassionate care and equal treatment during their hospital stays .
By this memorandum , I request that you take the following steps :
Initiate appropriate rulemaking , pursuant to your authority under 42 U.S.C. 1395 x and other relevant provisions of law , to ensure that hospitals that participate in Medicare or Medicaid respect the rights of patients to designate visitors .
It should be made clear that designated visitors , including individuals designated by legally valid advance directives ( such as durable powers of attorney and health care proxies ) , should enjoy visitation privileges that are no more restrictive than those that immediate family members enjoy .
You should also provide that participating hospitals may not deny visitation privileges on the basis of race , color , national
origin , religion , sex , sexual orientation , gender identity , or disability .
The rulemaking should take into account the need for hospitals to restrict visitation in medically appropriate circumstances as well as the clinical decisions that medical professionals make about a patient 's care or treatment .
Ensure that all hospitals participating in Medicare or Medicaid are in full compliance with regulations , codified at 42 CFR 482.13 and 42 CFR 489.102 ( a ) , promulgated to guarantee that all patients ' advance directives , such as durable powers of attorney and health care proxies , are respected , and that patients ' representatives otherwise have the right to make informed decisions regarding patients ' care .
Additionally , I request that you issue new guidelines , pursuant to your authority under 42 U.S.C. 1395 cc and other relevant provisions of law , and provide technical assistance on how hospitals participating in Medicare or Medicaid can best comply with the regulations and take any additional appropriate measures to fully enforce the regulations .
Provide additional recommendations to me , within 180 days of the date of this memorandum , on actions the Department of Health and Human Services can take to address hospital visitation , medical decisionmaking , or other health care issues that affect LGBT patients and their families .
This memorandum is not intended to , and does not , create any right or benefit , substantive or procedural , enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States , its departments , agencies , or entities , its officers , employees , or agents , or any other person .
You are hereby authorized and directed to publish this memorandum in the Federal Register .
BARACK OBAMA
Oscar winner Mo'Nique 's brother says he molested the actress when they were children and wants to apologise to her .
Gerald Imes said on The Oprah Winfrey Show on Monday he was 13 when the sexual assault occurred and Mo'Nique was seven or eight .
Abused as a child ...
Mo'Nique celebrates winning the Best Supporting Actress award at the Oscars for Precious : based on the novel Push by Sapphire .
Credit : Getty Images
Imes says he decided to appear on Oprah to apologise to Mo'Nique and " bring back some family unity " .
Mo'Nique has discussed her brother 's molestation in previous interviews .
Here ’s an Old Irish joke I found today that ’s been translated into many languages , including Classical Nahuatl , Sanskrit and Cherokee .
This is the Modern Irish version :
Triúr manach a thug diúltú don saol .
Téann siad ins an fhásach chun aithrí a dhéanamh ina gcuid peacaí roimh Dhia .
Bhí siad gan labhairt lena chéile go ceann bliana .
Ansin dúirt fear díobh le fear eile bliain amháin ina dhiaidh sin , “ Táimid go maith , ” ar seisean .
Mar sin go ceann bliana .
“ Is maith go deimhin , ” arsa an dara fear .
Bhí siad ann ina dhiaidh sin go ceann bliana .
“ Dar m’aibíd , ” arsa an treas fear , “ mura ligeann sibh ciúnas dom fágfaidh mé an fásach uile daoibh ! ”
And the English version :
Three monks turned their back on the world .
They went into the wilderness to repent their sins before God .
They did not speak to one another for a year .
At the end of the year , one of them spoke up and said , “ We ’re doing okay . ”
Another year passed in silence .
“ Yes we are , ” said the second man .
And so another year passed .
“ I swear by my robe , ” said the third man , “ if you two do n’t be quiet I ’m out of here ! ”
There is also background information about the joke in English , Irish , French , Spanish and a number of other languages , and even a recording of it in Old Irish ( mp3 ) .
Zoom on lightning caused by electrical discharge within the ash column .
GAME OBJECTIVES
You are a squirrel , fighting against the forces of evil .
Your job is to eliminate all the attacking zombie squirrels and kill their zombie master .
You get a new weapon as you progress through the levels .
Splatter splatter , joy joy !??
More Halloween games
Updated : August 29 , 2013 1:25 PM
MY GAME
Community
DENVER --
The San Jose Sharks organization has been saddled with the reputation of postseason underachievers .
This current crop of players , however , does n't feel that label applies to them .
It 's not their burden to bear .
That 's why they were n't bothered by negative talk of the past .
Still , the Sharks took the first step toward silencing the detractors .
Joe Pavelski scored two goals to lift San Jose to a series - clinching 5 - 2 win over the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday night in Game 6 .
" We talked about it all year that this was a new team , " Sharks captain Rob Blake said .
" The organization might have lost in the past , but this team has n't .
That was put behind us early and we moved on . "
The top- seeded Sharks are moving on again , to the Western Conference semifinals where they 'll face an undetermined opponent .
This is a franchise known for early playoff exits .
The Sharks have failed to move past the second round in their four previous postseason trips .
San Jose had the best mark in the NHL last season , but fell to Anaheim in a first - round flameout .
The postseason woes were all the Sharks heard about leading up to the series with Colorado .
They did n't buy or believe it .
Still do n't .
" The media likes to talk about past playoff failures .
This locker room does n't talk about that , " defenseman Dan Boyle said .
" We focused on this series and we 'll focus on the next one when we start preparing for that one .
This was a good series for us . "
When the Sharks fell behind 2 - 1 in the series , following a fluke overtime goal that Boyle put into his own net off a deflection , the spotlight and scrutiny only intensified .
But the Sharks turned around their fortunes , capturing the final three games .
" We realized that nothing comes easy after last year , " Pavelski said .
Pavelski gave San Jose the lead 47 seconds in , but Marek Svatos tied it in the second period .
Brandon Yip then provided Colorado with a brief advantage , energizing the Pepsi Center .
It did n't last long as Boyle made it 2 - 2 with a slap shot over Anderson 's glove .
Moments later , Pavelski scored the winner .
Devin Setoguchi and Douglas Murray added empty - net goals in the final minute after the Avalanche pulled goalie Craig Anderson for an extra skater .
With the series over , San Jose does n't plan to linger in the moment .
" There is a lot more work ahead of us , " Boyle said .
Evgeni Nabokov was steady in net all night , but not very busy as he stopped just 16 shots .
Anderson finished with 29 saves .
He has faced the most shots of any goalie in the postseason and made the most saves .
He also led in both categories during the regular season .
" They made some good plays and they got everything because they earned it .
We did n't give them any freebies , " Anderson said .
Being so young , the upstart Avalanche were n't expected to be a playoff contender this season .
They worked their way in with a couple of key wins down the stretch and then gave the Sharks quite a tussle .
For that , rookie coach Joe Sacco could n't be more pleased .
The Avalanche had 12 players make their postseason debut against the savvy Sharks .
" We 're certainly headed in the right direction , " Sacco said .
" But it 's tough right now because we 're disappointed . "
In an effort to ignite the offense , the Avalanche juggled their lines .
Matt Hendricks and Chris Stewart moved up to join rookie Matt Duchene .
Later in the game , Svatos replaced Hendricks and scored his first goal of the series .
The Avalanche struggled to find the net all series .
They scored five goals in an overtime loss in Game 2 , but had just six in the other five contests .
Part of the difficulty had to do with a rash of recent injuries .
The Avalanche were without Peter Mueller the entire series because of a head injury sustained when he took a hit along the boards against the Sharks on April 4 .
Mueller skated Saturday morning , but was n't ready to play .
" Toughest thing in the world to watch your teammates go out there and give everything they 've got , " Mueller said .
" I wish I could have been a part of it . "
Colorado also was without Milan Hejduk , who was the team 's third - leading goal scorer in the regular season .
He was sidelined for the final three games by an upper body injury .
" I have to admit [ injuries ] definitely took a toll on us , " Sacco said .
" But [ the series ] was what we expected .
It was hard fought . "
For San Jose , this may have been just what the team needed to banish some of those postseason demons .
" We showed some heart and we worked and we came back , " Boyle said .
" Hopefully , we can grow from this . "
The Fool 's Gold At The End Of The iPad Rainbow
from the control - ai n't - the - answer dept
I remember the early days of the web -- and the last days of CD ROM -- when there was this mainstream consensus that the web and PCs were too durned geeky and difficult and unpredictable for " my mom " ( it 's amazing how many tech people have an incredibly low opinion of their mothers ) .
If I had a share of AOL for every time someone told me that the web would die because AOL was so easy and the web was full of garbage , I 'd have a lot of AOL shares .
But with the iPad , it seems like Apple 's model customer is that same stupid stereotype of a technophobic , timid , scatterbrained mother as appears in a billion renditions of " that 's too complicated for my mom " ( listen to the pundits extol the virtues of the iPad and time how long it takes for them to explain that here , finally , is something that is n't too complicated for their poor old mothers ) .
The model of interaction with the iPad is to be a " consumer , " what William Gibson memorably described as " something the size of a baby hippo , the color of a week - old boiled potato , that lives by itself , in the dark , in a double - wide on the outskirts of Topeka .
It 's covered with eyes and it sweats constantly .
The sweat runs into those eyes and makes them sting .
It has no mouth ... no genitals , and can only express its mute extremes of murderous rage and infantile desire by changing the channels on a universal remote . "
The way you improve your iPad is n't to figure out how it works and making it better .
The way you improve the iPad is to buy iApps .
Buying an iPad for your kids is n't a means of jump - starting the realization that the world is yours to take apart and reassemble ; it 's a way of telling your offspring that even changing the batteries is something you have to leave to the professionals .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
The media has been making adeal about how the iPad is supposed to " save the business , " because suddenly everything will return to apps , and people pay for apps , and toss in a big dose of " Steve Jobs ! " and there 's some sort of magic formula which includes some question marks and inevitably ends in profit !
Now , the iPad does look like a nice device , and I have no doubt that it will do quite well for Apple , and many buyers will be quite happy with it .
But it 's not going to save the media business in any way , shape or form .
It 's just the media chasing a rainbow in search of gold that does n't exist .
A few months back , I tried to ask a simple question that we still have n't received a good answer to : all of these media companies , thinking that iPad apps are somehow revolutionary , do n't explain why they never put that same functionality online .
They could .
But did n't .
There 's nothing special about the iPad that enables functionality you could n't do elsewhere .
But , it goes deeper than that .
People are being taken down by app madness .
Because the iPhone has sold a bunch of apps , suddenly old school media players are suddenly dreaming of the sorts ofthey used to have , and pretending it can be replicated on the iPad .
But that 's a big myth Danny O'Brien has a brilliant post on the similarities between the iPad and the CD - ROM .
The CD - Rom was supposed to save old media ( as the iPad is supposed to now ) -- but tried to do so mainly by trying to make the old format move to a digital world , by retaining the control , and by adding a little digital razzle dazzle .
But what it failed to do was really enable what the technology allowed -- and that was because what the technology allowed totally undercut the old business model .
The media is running to the iPad because they think it 's magically going to transport them back to a world where there is scarcity and they can charge ridiculous prices again .
The Wall Street Journal , for example , is apparently offering an iPad app that 's more expensive per week than getting a combined subscription to both the paper version and the online version .
There 's a lot of wishful thinking going on here .
Cory Doctorow does a great job further unbundling this myth , by pointing out a key fallacy that many in the media are making : that the average consumer is as dumb as a doorknob and needs a super simplistic device to function
In effect , the iPad , as beautifully designed as it is , is trying tomany of the benefits and flexibility in digital computing these days .
It 's trying to limit what you can do , because it thinks people want to be limited .
And , while closed platforms often are great at the beginning to get people to move to something new , in the long run , they are regularly superseded by more open platforms .
But , as Cory points out , the whole interaction model of the iPad seems to have been developed with the mindset of the media companies , not the real end users : Again , the beautiful design and the power of Apple / Steve Jobs to market the product will undoubtedly allow the product to do well initially .
For Apple .
But it 's not going to save the media industry ... and it seems unlikely to be any more revolutionary in the long run than the CD - ROM was .
Filed Under : ipad
Companies : apple
The court heard the attack happened after a row in a Glasgow pub
A man who attacked a father and son with a machete after a fight broke out in a Glasgow pub has been jailed for seven and a half years .
William Baird , 50 , admitted attempting to murder Paul Hanlon senior , 44 , and assaulting his 21 - year old son , Paul , to his severe injury and disfigurement .
It happened outside a bar on Duke Street in the city last May .
Judge Lord Kinclaven told Baird intoxication was " no excuse " for the attack .
The High Court in Edinburgh heard that Paul Hanlon junior had been watching an Aberdeen v Celtic game in a pub in the Gallowgate before meeting up with his father and going to a bar in Duke Street .
An argument broke out in the bar , which developed into a scuffle and people went outside , with the row continuing on the pavement .
Baird , who had been out drinking , was seen crossing the road with the machete after a car pulled up .
Life - threatening injuries
He struck Mr Hanlon senior across the forehead with the weapon causing a gaping wound to his forehead .
Baird then hit the younger man a single blow to the left side of his head with the machete before escaping from the scene .
The court heard Mr Hanlon senior needed 36 stitches and plates inserted to hold his skull in place .
Lord Kinclaven said the injuries suffered by Mr Hanlon senior were described as " potentially life threatening " without medical treatment .
He told Baird he would have faced a 10 - year prison sentence but for his guilty pleas .
He also ordered that Baird should be kept under supervision for a further two years following the jail sentence .
The 50 - year - old 's defence agent , solicitor advocate Maurice Smyth , told the court his client had " not gone out looking for trouble " on the night of the attack .
IT ’S NOT A ‘ CHRISTIAN NATION ’….
The U.S. Constitution is , of course , an entirely secular document , but for years , the religious right movement and its allies have been anxious to declare the U.S. a “ Christian Nation . ”
It was great to hear President Obama , during a press conference in Turkey , set the record straight .
At a press conference in Turkey , President Obama casually rebuked the old chestnut that the United States is a Judeo - Christian nation .
“ One of the great strengths of the United States , ” the President said , “ is … we have a very large Christian population — we do not consider ourselves a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation .
We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values . ”
Republicans are , not surprisingly , already criticizing Obama ’s entirely accurate remarks , and it ’s probably safe to assume the far - right will be thoroughly displeased .
But is there anything even remotely controversial about what the president actually said ?
We have a secular constitution that established a secular government .
Our laws separate church from state .
No religious tradition enjoys official sanction over any other .
Of course we ’re not a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation .
The usual argument is that most of the U.S. population is Christian .
That ’s true , but irrelevant .
Most of the U.S. population is white — does that make the United States a “ white nation ” ?
We also hear arguments that most of the Founding Fathers were Christians .
That ’s also true , but also irrelevant .
Most of the framers were also men — does that make our country a “ man ’s nation ” ?
It ’s time to retire this old conservative canard .
I ’m glad to see Obama help out .
You may call it a blog post , article or something else .
A journalist would call it a story .
Here ’s how to write a good one .
Start your story by telling the reader what it is about .
You do this briefly in the headline .
Then again in the introduction or intro , which is a stop press paragraph .
Ask yourself :
what is this story about ,
what information am I trying to get across and
what points must I make to do this ?
Sum up the story in your mind in one simple sentence .
This is your intro .
Its job is to tell the reader what the article is about and draw the reader in .
As a rule , readers prefer brief intros .
Write so a reader who only gets as far as your intro still has a basic grasp of your story .
How a journalist starts
Newspapers teach journalists to start with a single sentence of between 15 and 21 words .
This is what you should aim for , although at times you ’ll need to use more words .
As an aside , proper nouns made up of multiple words only count as a single word when you ’re calculating the ideal intro length .
You can have one sentence in you first paragraph or two or three .
Either way keep it short and crisp .
Next comes the how — how did it happen or , more usually in your case , what happens next ?
This is background information or explanation .
After the explanation comes amplification .
You amplify the point or points following on from the intro .
Make these points one by one and in descending order of importance .
Last , after making all the main points , tie up any loose ends — ie. , add any extra or background information deemed necessary but of lesser importance .
Like this : Like Loading ...
During the day , Lawrence Neumann was a mild mannered man , considerate , kind and loving to his wife of many years , Bonnie .
In the middle of the night , as they tried to sleep , he became someone else , screaming obscenities , grunting , kicking , punching Bonnie in the arm , violently hurling himself out of bed .
For 16 years , this couple from Streator , Ill. , more than 80 miles southwest of Chicago , had no idea what was happening or why night after night .
The local doctors they consulted were at a loss to explain the strange symptoms .
“ Nobody seemed to know anything about it , ” said Lawrence , 73 , now retired from a concrete block business .
Relief came at long last nearly two years ago in the form of a diagnosis from a neurologist at Northwestern University ’s Feinberg School of Medicine .
Lawrence had a little known condition , REM sleep behaviour disorder , in which people act out their dreams , unconsciously , during sleep .
That diagnosis was a turning point , since the condition is easily treatable .
Nine out of 10 people who suffer from the disorder are men .
The vast majority are age 50 or older , although new research is finding a higher prevalence of the disorder in younger adults as sleep problems gain more attention , according to Dr. Bradley Boeve , a professor of neurology at the Mayo Clinic and a leading expert on this condition .
“ Several patients we ’ve seen , their spouse will describe first encountering this on their wedding night , ” he said .
Estimates suggest one in every 200 adults has the strange affliction , caused by a dysfunction in a part of the brain that suppresses muscle activity while people are in REM sleep , a dream - filled phase of slumber .
The prevalence of REM sleep behaviour disorder might be much higher in seniors .
Notably , 9 percent of 2,300 adults age 70 to 90 surveyed in Olmstead County , Minn. , reported symptoms consistent with the diagnosis .
“ Even if only half actually have it , that ’s still 4 to 5 percent — and that makes it pretty common , ” Boeve said .
A growing body of research suggests the condition is a precursor to Parkinson ’s disease and Lewy body dementia in up to 25 to 50 percent of patients .
Why this is so is not yet clear , but neurons in adjacent areas of the lower brain stem appear to be implicated , according to Dr. Carlos Schenck , one of the physicians who first described REM sleep behavior disorder .
Scientists are monitoring patients closely and hoping that someday drugs will become available to prevent neurodegenerative disorders from developing after the first signs of REM sleep behaviour disorder appear .
Asked about patients , Schenck described men who have jumped through windows while asleep , strangled their bed partners , smashed into dressers , knocked themselves unconscious , and given their wives black eyes .
Typically , their experiences are eerily similar : men dream they ’re being chased or hounded by large insects , animals or threatening people and have to defend themselves , Schenck said .
Almost inevitably , the dreams are colored by violence and aggression .
One of Schenck ’s patients is Cal Pope , 85 , of Circle Pines , Minn. , who had seen 400 men go down on a ship in the South Pacific in World War II .
“ I was sure he was reliving that , ” said his wife , Rowena , 81 , who would watch Cal kick the wall fiercely and threaten to crush people ’s heads in the middle of the night .
It took nine years for Pope to get a proper diagnosis and treatment .
One night , Rowena watched in horror as her husband got down on all fours , roaring like a lion .
“ I was chasing other lions around , ” Cal remembered , adding that he was frequently “ completely worn out in the morning ” after nightly episodes .
To be evaluated , patients need an expert sleep study , with electrodes placed on their arms and legs to track movements during slumber , said Dr. Alon Avidan , an associate professor of neurology at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center .
A videotape will capture the patient ’s activities and other conditions , such as sleep apnea , that can cause similar symptoms .
Also , alcohol , coffee , and certain anti-depressants can serve as triggers for REM sleep behavior episodes .
Symptoms are relieved 90 percent of the time by clonazepam ( also known as Klonopin ) , a medication commonly used to treat anxiety , panic attacks and seizure disorders .
It helps patients sleep more soundly , wake up less often , and have fewer episodes when they do .
A large number of patients also are helped by melatonin , which is being studied at Northwestern as a treatment for REM sleep behaviour disorder .
In San Diego County , Calif. , John Chadwick used to strap himself into bed with a seatbelt and put on leather handcuffs so he would n’t hurt his wife , Susan , in the middle of the night .
Once , Susan said , “ he kicked me out of bed so hard I landed on my head . ”
Another time , she remembered , “ he bit me so hard on my wrist that the teeth impressions last for two days . ”
“ I was living a nightmare , ” said John , who is now being treated successfully with melatonin at UCLA .
For Lawrence and Bonnie Neumann , night became a time of danger , suffused with the potential for injury .
Once , after leaping out of bed in the midst of an episode , Lawrence hit his head on a nightstand , opening a large gash .
Another time , he threw himself out of bed head first , smashing his forehead on the floor boards and causing a concussion .
It was routine for Lawrence to start kicking his wife , dreaming a bear was sneaking up on him .
“ The mood was one of defense against attack , ” Lawrence remembered .
“ If she tried to touch me , I ’d come after her . ”
Bonnie put pads around the bedroom furniture so Lawrence could n’t hurt himself ; other couples take sharp objects away , put mattresses to the floor , arrange foam barriers between them , or move their bedrooms to the ground floor so they do n’t leap out of second story windows .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ It ’s very important to take safety precautions , kind of like baby - proofing the room , ” said Dr. Phyllis Zee , associate director of Northwestern University ’s Center for Sleep & Circadian Biology .
After extensive neuropsychiatric tests and three separate sleep studies , Lawrence was finally diagnosed by Northwestern doctors with REM sleep behavior disorder in 2008 .
They gave the older man clonazepam , which worked like a charm , while also treating a mild case of sleep apnea , which can contribute to REM behavior disorder episodes .
“ It was the first time in more than 16 years that I could say I got a good night ’s sleep , ” Lawrence said .
“ I sleep really well now . ”
A few weeks back when Ralph Reed announced that he was not going to be running for Congress , he explained that the decision was rooted in his desire to build up his Faith and Freedom Coalition so that he could “ put 50 to 100 people like me in the U.S. Senate , Congress and state houses . ”
As we noted at the time , one of Reed ’s main focuses was on the state of Iowa , which he promised he could re-take for conservatives if he could raise a half - million dollars .
OneIowa has now posted footage of Reed laying out his plans while speaking at the Iowa Christian Alliance ’s recent fundraiser :
Murder numbers creeping back up in New Orleans NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) 
Last year , university researchers conducted an experiment in which police fired 700 blank rounds in a New Orleans neighborhood in a single afternoon .
No one called to report the gunfire .
New Orleans residents are reluctant to come forward as witnesses , fearing retaliation .
And experts say that is one of several reasons homicides are on the rise in the Big Easy at a time when other cities are seeing their murder rates plummet to levels not seen in decades .
The city 's murder rate is still far lower than a decade ago , when New Orleans was the country 's murder capital .
But in recent years , the city 's homicide rate has climbed again to nearly 10 times the national average .
" We 're going in the reverse of 46 of the top 50 cities in the United States .
Almost everyone is going down , but we 're going up , " said criminologist Peter Scharf .
" There is something going on in New Orleans that is not going on elsewhere . "
Many of the killings are related to drugs and gangs — but police say more are simply disputes that get out of hand .
Along with reluctant witnesses , experts say the city has too few police and inexperienced prosecutors .
Coming up with more cash has been a chronic problem for money - pinched New Orleans , which typically lurches from budget to budget .
" As far as law enforcement goes , money is at the root of everything , " said Lt. David Benelli , head of the police officers ' union .
" We need more personnel , more equipment .
The DA 's office needs more people and money .
The corrections department needs more people and space to house prisoners . "
Homicides hit their historic peak here in 1994 , with 421 dead — more per-capita than any other U.S. city that year .
Within just five years , the number was slashed by nearly two - thirds , to 159 , as homicides plummeted nationally .
But by last year , the number in New Orleans had crept back up to 265 .
There had been 192 this year by mid-August , compared with 169 at the same time in 2004 .
Adjusted for the city 's size , those numbers dwarf murder rates in Washington , Detroit , Baltimore , Atlanta , Chicago , Los Angeles and New York City .
For police , recruitment is a continuing problem .
The department has a poor image in the community , with allegations of brutality and corruption dating back decades .
The city now has 3.14 officers per 1,000 residents — less than half the rate in Washington , D.C. Scharf , director for the Center for Society , Law and Justice , said extra police are not always the solution to crime .
" My heart goes out to these police officers , " Scharf said .
" They 're fighting public apathy , racial division and a dysfunctional court system .
They work their hearts out and nothing ever happens to these cases . "
Only one in four people arrested in the city for murder is eventually convicted , according to a recent study by the New Orleans Police Foundation , a private nonprofit group .
According to the study , 42 % of serious crime cases reviewed by prosecutors — about 22,000 — were turned away between 2002 and 2004 because the cases were not deemed suitable for court .
District Attorney Eddie Jordan said the lack of eyewitness testimony was one reason for the dropped cases .
New Orleans has had such a problem with retaliation against witnesses — including murder — that the district attorney 's office took the unusual step of starting a local witness protection program .
Witnesses may also be reluctant to talk to police because of the department 's struggles with allegations of brutality and corruption .
In the 1990s , two rogue cops turned out to be killers .
Former Police Superintendent Richard Pennington , now Atlanta 's chief , is credited with cleaning up the department , purging scores of bad cops during the 1990s .
But recently , complaints about police brutality have surfaced again .
In March , a New Orleans ritual — the annual St. Joseph 's night assembly of the Mardi Gras Indians , black residents who dress up in elaborate costumes — was marred by complaints that officers roughed up members .
In early August , allegations surfaced that two officers had beaten a man before dropping him off at a hospital .
The department has had little to say about the case , but Police Superintendent Eddie Compass ordered an investigation and called in the FBI to help .
Compass has tried to burnish the department 's image with community outreach , including ordering officers to address people as " sir " and " ma'am . "
But the same day that order came down , the department was dealt another blow when a drug - related gun battle erupted in a residential neighborhood , leaving four people dead .
Rafael Goyeneche , a former state prosecutor who now heads the private Metropolitan Crime Commission , said both the district attorney and the police are trying to seriously tackle violent crime — but under current budgets , that will be tough .
" Unless they are given additional resources , and that means manpower and more money to recruit and retain , I 'm fearful that we are not going to make any lasting and meaningful progress in combatting crime in this community , " Goyeneche said .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
SHANGHAI — Regulators are investigating whether restaurants throughout China are creating food hazards by cooking with recycled oil , some tainted with food waste , and prominence given to the issue in the state - controlled media suggests that the problem could be widespread .
The State Food and Drug Administration issued a nationwide emergency notice telling health bureaus to investigate the sources of cooking oil in mid-March .
The notice came shortly after a professor and a group of students at Wuhan Polytechnic University announced that they had found widespread use of recycled oil in their region in an undercover investigation .
The professor , He Dongping , asserted that recycled oil was being used to prepare 1 in 10 meals in China .
Regulators are now searching for illegal oil recycling mills , and some health bureaus have begun releasing the names of restaurants and food establishments that were found to be using questionable oil .
Last November , regulators in southern China raided several workshops for turning discarded waste — possibly even sewage — into cooking oil .
Goldman chief Lloyd Blankfein will speak about the importance of trust Goldman Sachs made billions of dollars at the expense of its clients during the collapse of the housing market , a US Senate investigation has found .
The investigation - which obtained Goldman e-mails - said bank executives had misled investors over mortgage - related investments that turned sour .
The Senate panel released its findings ahead of its hearing on Tuesday into the Goldman affair .
Goldman vigorously denies any wrongdoing .
The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations has been sifting through e-mails and other Goldman documents obtained in an 18 - month investigation .
Excerpts from the documents were published Monday , a day before Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein and other top Goldman executives appear before the committee .
' Conflict of interest '
On 16 April , the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filed civil fraud charges against Goldman and one of its executives alleging they failed to disclose a conflict of interest .
If our clients believe [ the charges ] we do n't deserve their trust
Lloyd Blankfein
The SEC claims that Goldman arranged mortgage investments without telling clients that the portfolio was put together with help from a hedge fund that was betting on them to fail .
Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein released his own statement ahead of the hearing , saying that the firm did not mislead clients and could not survive without their trust .
Mr Blankfein also said that the day he learned that regulators were filing fraud charges against Goldman was the worst of his professional life .
Senator Carl Levin , chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , said on Monday : " I think [ Goldman is ] misleading the country .
There 's no doubt they made huge money betting against the [ mortgage ] market . "
The committee provided excerpts of e-mails showing a progression from late 2006 through to the full - blown mortgage crisis a year later .
Mr Levin said the emails show Goldman shifted in early 2007 from neutral to a short position , betting that the mortgage market was likely to collapse .
" That directional change is mighty clear , " Mr Levin said .
" They decided to go gangbusters selling those securities while knowing they were toxic . "
' Widows and orphans ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Goldman , arguably the world 's most prestigious investment bank , rejects the SEC charges as wrong in " fact and law " .
At the hearing , Mr Blankfein will repeat the firm 's argument that it lost $ 1.2bn ( £ 776 m ) in the housing mortgage market during 2007 and 2008 .
" If our clients believe [ the charges ] we do n't deserve their trust , we cannot survive , " Mr Blankfein says in the prepared remarks .
He also acknowledges that " we have to do a better job of striking the balance between what an informed client believes is important to his or her investing goals and what the public believes is overly complex and risky . "
The Senate panel will also hear on Tuesday from Fabrice Tourre , the London - based bond trader who is named in the SEC charges .
On Saturday , Goldman released a series of e-mails from Mr Tourre , in one of which he jokes that he has sold doomed investments to widows and orphans .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The disruption has affected hundreds of thousands of travellers Britons stranded by flight restrictions as a result of the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland could be returned to the UK through a " Spanish hub " .
Ministers met to discuss plans before UK flight restrictions were extended until at least 1900 BST on Monday .
Ideas included flying those outside the no-fly zone to Spain and then using the Royal Navy and requisitioning merchant ships to help return them to the UK .
Gordon Brown has spoken to his Spanish counterpart about the plan , No 10 said .
A spokeswoman said the prime minister and the Spanish leader had explored whether Britons could be returned by landing in Spain - which is open to flights - from certain parts of the world .
Help offered A spokeswoman said : " They agreed that the UK and Spain would work together to look at how the capacity in Spain ... can be used to help get British people stranded abroad back to the UK .
" Prime Minister Zapatero said that he would help in any way he can . "
COUNTRIES AFFECTED
Airspace closed : Austria , Belgium , Czech Republic , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , Germany , Hungary , Ireland , Latvia , Luxembourg , Netherlands , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , Switzerland , UK Partial closures : Italy ( northern airspace closed until Monday ) Norway ( most airports open ) Bulgaria ( Sofia and Plovdiv open ) Poland ( several airports , including Warsaw , open ) Sweden ( northern airports open ) France ( southern airports open ) Flights operating : Greece , Lithuania , Portugal , Russia , Turkey , Ukraine , Spain
Robert Peston 's blog
In pictures : Europe grounded Economic impact of closures
But she said it was too early to say if additional flights would be added to Spain - bound schedules .
Earlier , Business Secretary Lord Mandelson had emerged from Sunday 's 85 - minute meeting of ministers flanked by several cabinet colleagues and said : " We will mobilise all possible means to get people home . "
Travel agents ' association Abta said on Sunday its " rough estimate " was that 150,000 Britons globally had been unable to return to the UK because of the flight restrictions first imposed on Thursday .
" At no time in living memory has British airspace been shut down and affected this many people , " a spokeswoman said .
Forecasters have warned the dust cloud generated by the Icelandic eruption may remain over the UK for several days .
The continued ban on UK flights comes as bodies representing European airports and airlines have called for flight restrictions to be reviewed and a number of airlines , including BA , have carried out test flights .
BA test flight Planes were first grounded in the UK at midday on Thursday amid fears that particles in the ash cloud could cause engines to shut down .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis said data from a number of test flights would go to regulators and there would be a meeting of European transport ministers on Monday .
Additional capacity had been introduced on other transport such as Eurostar and Eurotunnel trains , and ferries , he added .
AT THE SCENE Lorna Gordon , BBC News , Iceland
In some small areas the volcanic fallout has been significant .
It is clogging car engines , turning grass grey and reducing visibility to just a few metres .
The police say driving conditions can be very difficult in these places .
I heard one tale recounting that the moment you drive into the ash cloud it can feel as if you are driving into a wall .
The affected area is remote with only a few hundred people , most of them living in isolated homes and many of them farmers .
They have been advised to stay inside with the windows and doors shut and if they do venture out to wear goggles and a mask .
Despite the hazards the volcano and its column of smoke are drawing visitors .
They are also triggering lightning .
The authorities are having to remind people they should not consider the volcano a tourist attraction .
In fact , they have closed the country 's ring road in the area affected to all but locals and the emergency services .
Security minister Lord West , a former head of the Royal Navy , said using the navy to bring people home was an option .
The government 's Cobra emergency committee is to meet at 0830 BST on Monday .
The Conservatives have released an eight - point plan they would like to see to tackle the situation .
It includes chartering ships to bring people home who are stranded in Europe and urging ferry and rail operators to retain their normal pricing structures .
Shadow transport secretary Theresa Villiers said : " With thousands of Britons stuck in airports overseas , it is hugely worrying that there is no end in sight for the flight ban . "
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman Norman Baker said it needed to be " urgently assessed " how much longer British passengers faced being stranded for .
Meanwhile , a British Airways Boeing 747 had completed a two - and - three - quarter hour test flight at 40,000 ft from Heathrow to Cardiff , via the Atlantic , the airline said .
Chief executive Willie Walsh , who is a trained pilot , and four crew were on board .
" The conditions were perfect and the aircraft encountered no difficulties .
It will now undergo a full technical analysis at British Airways ' engineering base at Cardiff , " the airline said in a statement .
Observation planes
However , BBC business editor Robert Peston said a Met Office plane had encountered dangerous levels of ash when it went through the ash cloud on Sunday .
He said this showed the issue was not whether the cloud was real and dangerous - but whether its extent could be accurately mapped .
One possible solution would involve putting observation planes in the sky to give a more detailed picture of the location of ash concentrations .
The government is trying to obtain more observation planes - from the military in particular - with this in mind , he said .
EXPERT ADVICE
Latest health advice Air passenger rights Q&A : Volcanic ash cloud Travel latest Dutch airline KLM and German airline Lufthansa have also carried out test flights in their countries ' airspace to see if it is safe for planes to fly .
KLM said it had flown a plane through the cloud of volcanic ash without suffering any damage .
Air France said it had successfully carried out a test flight from Paris to Toulouse .
Airports Council International ( ACI ) Europe and the Association of European Airlines ( AEA ) said they were " questioning the proportionality of the flight restrictions currently imposed " .
AEA secretary general Ulrich Schulte - Strathaus said : " Verification flights undertaken by several of our airlines have revealed no irregularities at all . "
Earlier , Brian Flynn , head of operations at Eurocontrol , the organisation in charge of air safety in Europe , denied aviation authorities were being over cautious .
We 've been haemorrhaging money in hotels so we investigated renting a van to drive back in but this morning we were quoted £ 2,000 for a day and a half to drive to Dunkirk
Steve Byrne
Stranded in Copenhagen
Volcano ash : Your stories Ryanair has cancelled all scheduled flights between the UK , Irish Republic , Denmark , Finland , Norway , Sweden , Belgium , Holland , France , Germany , Poland and the Baltic states until 1300 BST on Wednesday .
Easyjet has cancelled all its flights scheduled before 1300 BST on Monday in areas where airspace is closed , but a limited number are expected to operate in southern Europe .
BMI said it was cancelling all its Heathrow flights until midnight on Monday .
Anyone concerned about the safety of a British national stranded abroad can call a Foreign Office helpline on 020 7008 0000 , or visit its website at www.fco.gov.uk.
Stranded Britons should contact their local embassy , high commission or consulate .
The disruption has affected hundreds of thousands of travellers since Wednesday , when the Eyjafjallajoekull volcano in Iceland began erupting .
Have you been affected by the volcanic ash cloud ?
Are you stranded because of the airspace restrictions ?
Are you in Iceland ?
You can send your experiences using the form below :
Send your pictures or videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 if you are in the UKor +44 7725 100 100 if you are abroad .
If you have a large file you can upload it here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
The CEO of indie studio Crytek has defended EA ’s divisive ‘ premium downloadable content ’ strategy , while also predicting the extinction of free game demos .
In an interview with Develop , Crytek ’s co-founder Cevat Yerli said he was n’t sure that a demo of Crysis 2 was going to be released .
He also said demos are " a luxury ” that becomes “ prohibitively expensive ” for game studios to make .
He said : “ A free demo is a luxury we have in the game industry that we do n’t have in other industries such as film .
Because we ’ve had this free luxury for so long , now there are plans to change this people are complaining about it .
The reality is that we might not see any free game demos in the long term . ”
Crysis 2 publisher EA was recently the subject of much controversy for plans to release premium demos “ for $ 10 or $ 15 ” before a game ’s final release .
That strategy was coarsely criticised across message boards , forums and social networks , yet Yerli believes it has many benefits .
“ I read a lot about this , and read about the backlash as well ; people complaining that they would essentially be paying for a beta , ” he said .
“ I think EA ’s strategy is interesting , overall .
The thing is , every time we see a publisher doing something to improve the industry , making things more commercially viable and actually increasing the market , people instantly think this is only some money - hungry ploy . ”
Part of the reason why there was such backlash , said Yerli , was that EA ’s plan was not properly explained .
“ Yes it is quite unpopular , but this is a messaging issue .
The problem with any new strategy like this is it initially may appear as a blood - hungry , money - grabbing strategy .
But I think there is a genuine interest here to give gamers something more than a small demo released for free .
“ Really , what this is , is an attempt to salvage a problem .
The industry is still losing a lot of money to piracy as the market becomes more online - based .
So it ’s encouraging to see strategies outlined to combat this . ”
“ I think the whole issue needs to be explained in a better way , because there is good thinking behind EA ’s plan .
I understand why people are thinking that all EA wants to do is maximise profits out of the audience , but really , what it ’s really trying to do is get investment back but while being as fair to the gamer as much as it can .
Ultimately , it will be a better deal for the gamer .
Yerli added he was n’t sure if Crytek were going to release a free demo of the studio ’s upcoming FPS Crysis .
“ That ’s something we need to think about , because we have n’t fully decided on this yet , ” he said .
“ But whether we do have a demo or not , do I think companies need to release so many demos ?
I think that we ’ll see more and more games not carrying a demo in the future , because it becomes prohibitively expensive .
“ Also , given the time pressures in making a demo – in fact given the time pressure of making a quality demo – I think it all becomes really difficult to work with , and I think we ’ll see less and less of them in the future . ”
SALT LAKE CITY – Nearly two decades after vets began returning from the Middle East complaining of Gulf War Syndrome , the federal government has yet to formally accept that their vague jumble of symptoms constitutes a legitimate illness .
Here , at the Society of Toxicology annual meeting , yesterday , researchers rolled out a host of brain images – various types of magnetic - resonance scans and brain - wave measurements – that they say graphically and unambiguously depict Gulf War Syndrome .
Or syndromes .
Because Robert Haley of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and the research team he heads have identified three discrete subtypes .
Each is characterized by a different suite of symptoms .
And the new imaging linked each illness with a distinct – and different – series of abnormalities in the brain .
Men with the same symptoms exhibited similar brain changes , features starkly different from healthy vets their age who had served in the same battalions .
( That said , a few vets ’ symptoms seemed to encompass more than one syndrome .
And in such instances , imaging confirmed their brains showed impairments that extended beyond those associated with a single syndrome . )
Since the early 1990s , some 175,000 U.S. troops have returned from service in the first Gulf War reporting a host of vague complaints , notes Richard Briggs , a physical chemist at UT Southwestern involved in the new imaging .
Their symptoms ranged from mental confusion , difficulty concentrating , attacks of sudden vertigo and intense uncontrollable mood swings to extreme fatigue and sometimes numbness – or the opposite , constant body pain .
With funding from the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs , Haley has assembled a team of roughly 140 researchers .
Many work with patients .
Others are developing new animal , biochemical and genetic studies to identify the biological perturbations underlying Gulf War Illness .
But the vast majority – two - thirds of these scientists – are now involved in brain imaging .
As a result of these studies , Briggs says , " In the last two years we have learned more about Gulf War Illness than we did in the previous 15 . "
What 's emerged is evidence to suggest " that there are three major syndromes responsible for Gulf War Illness , " he says .
They appear loosely linked to at least three different types of agents to which many troops were exposed : sarin nerve gas , a nerve gas antidote ( pyridostigmine bromide ) that presented its own risks and military - grade pesticides to prevent illness from sand flies and other noxious pests .
But Briggs acknowledges that no one knows for sure which combination of agents or environmental conditions might have conspired to trigger Gulf War illness .
What is clear , he says , is that " our data now clearly show , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that there are brain abnormalities – physiological differences – between ill veterans and normal ones . "
And from the new scans , " we can tell the ill veterans from the well veterans .
And we can distinguish syndromes one , two and three from each other . "
The new neuroimaging on a subset of 57 Gulf War vets was completed eight months ago .
Yesterday 's presentations represent an unveiling of the complex statistical analyses of data gleaned from those functional MRI scans ( or fMRIs ) , brain - wave recordings and other magnetic resonance tools .
Some testing employed old - style technologies .
For instance , about a dozen years ago , Haley ’s team performed magnetic resonance spectroscopy , also known as MRS , to study the chemical composition of various regions in the brains of Gulf War vets .
And these tests uncovered the first solid indicators that there were physiological abnormalities in men complaining of Gulf War Illness .
Such as a perturbation in the ratio of two chemicals active in the brain 's basal ganglia : n-acetyl aspartate ( or NAA ) and creatine .
Do n't know what that means ?
I did n’t either .
So Briggs explained .
" The basal ganglia is sort of the switching system of the brain .
It 's where a lot of communication between the left and right hemispheres occurs . "
Because it crosses the midbrain region , he says , " it 's heavily involved in a lot of these decisionmaking and attention / inhibition networks " – processing centers that , if messed up , could explain many symptoms reported by sick vets .
NAA is a biomarker of healthy nerve cells .
So any decrease is a bad sign .
The concentration of creatine , which comprises the fuel for brain activities , tends to remain constant , Briggs says , so " it 's often used as an internal standard " against which to compare things like NAA .
The Gulf War syndromes are each associated with a roughly 10 percent lower than normal NAA - to - creatine ratio in the left and right basal ganglia , Briggs says – " an indicator of either sick or dead neurons . "
After Haley 's team initially published evidence in the late '90s of the diminished NAA - to - creatine ratio in sick vets , two other labs confirmed this characteristic MRS feature in sick Gulf War veterans , Briggs notes .
More recently , when one of those labs failed to reconfirm those changes during a followup study , the UT Southwestern team began to wonder whether it had erred the first time it had conducted the pioneering tests .
Or whether the sick vets had simply gotten well over the past 10 years .
" Our new follow - up [ MRS ] tests now show our initial findings were right , " Haley says , " and that the soldiers have n’t gotten better with time . "
Many of scans that his team unveiled here at SOT rely on a technology ( fMRI ) that was not available in the late '90s .
So it provides new evidence of what sets sick vets apart .
This technology allows researchers to identify which areas are active as the brain works .
Haley 's multicenter team designed a series of fMRI tests that required subjects to look at threatening pictures of a battlefield , or imagine the theme behind two words to come up with a third ( " desert " and " humps " might be the clues given to suggest " camel " ) , or to learn words and recall faces .
In healthy veterans , appropriate parts of the brain lit up as they thought , reasoned , viewed – even experienced extremes of temperature .
But in men suffering from Gulf War Illness , Haley says , " a different part would often light up as their brain attempted to work around its damage . "
Affected areas of the brain in each test varied .
The thalamus , for example , is involved in attention and inhibition , Briggs explains .
" It is activated differently in syndrome two versus controls , " he notes .
Not surprisingly , people with that particular syndrome have problems with those traits .
The researchers also correlated what combinations of areas in the brain respond in concert during particular tasks .
And sometimes , the collection of brain locales that lit up in sick vets differed markedly from those in healthy vets ( see images above ) .
The background volume of blood flowing through the brain also varied substantially in sick vets , Haley notes , " which suggests decreased [ brain ] function . "
But even more importantly , blood flow varied in unpredictable ways when the sick Gulf War veterans were administered a drug meant to stimulate parts of the brain susceptible to chemical damage , such as nerve - gas - type agents .
In healthy vets and those suffering from syndrome one , blood flow to affected regions of the brain diminished , although not comparably ; the drop in syndrome - one vets was about five times that in the healthy men .
But among individuals suffering from Gulf War syndromes two and three , blood flow inappropriately spiked after administration of the drug .
Other tests probed for faults in the integrity of the circuitry connecting deep gray matter – where the brain performs unconscious calculations and processing – with the layer of white matter that performs conscious reasoning .
In vets with syndrome two , the most seriously ill of the groups , a special form of scans showed signs that the insulating sheath covering the " wires " connecting the gray and white - matter regions was seriously impaired .
Concludes Briggs :
" This tells us very clearly that in the syndrome twos – unlike either of the other syndromes , or the controls – their wiring is flawed . "
The panoply of quantitative changes being revealed by brain imaging " is demystifying Gulf War Syndrome , " says Haley .
Indeed , before long , he predicts , " we 're going to come up with tests whereby doctors can diagnose affected vets . "
And one day , he hopes , the information emerging from these images may actually point toward treatments .
* Image : * Healthy brain ( left ) shows response to pain from heat on the forearm .
Different regions ( right ) respond to that heat in vets with Gulf War syndrome .
ArcAttack and their singing Tesla coils made two appearances at the VEX World Championships this weekend .
Their performance of the Star - Spangled Banner at the opening ceremony was totally cool , but the Faraday cage gave me the most memorable experience of the weekend .
I do n't know who first posed the question , but it was suggested that Grant Imahara take a turn in the Faraday cage .
Being a true MythBuster , he was skeptical , but tentatively agreed on the condition he inspects the cage and is satisfied with its construction .
While I did n't think to ask Grant about his experience later , I took a turn in the cage earlier in the day and found it to be exhilarating .
I could catch glimpses of the faint leaders just before they connected with the steel cage , then everything would go bright as a series of arcs burnt across my retina , only to stop and repeat for the next note .
The photo to the right is pretty close to what I actually saw except it is a lot brighter and louder in person .
Quite a few people snagged video , but ArcAttack 's own footage is the best so far .
You can see the video complete with sound and audience reaction after the jump .
Related links :
ArcAttack @ Vex robotics 2010 National Anthem
Grant Imahara at the 2010 VEX Robotics Championship .
Sean takes a turn in the Faraday cage .
ArcAttack 's website .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A congressional panel voted on Thursday to label as “ genocide ” the World War One- era massacre of Armenians by Turkish forces , despite pressure from the Obama administration and Turkey to drop the matter .
The controversial measure passed the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee in a closer - than - expected vote of 23 - 22 .
The issue puts President Barack Obama between NATO ally Turkey , which rejects calling the events genocide , and an important U.S. Armenian - American constituency and their backers in Congress ahead of a November congressional election .
Turkey had warned its ties with the United States would be damaged and Ankara ’s efforts to normalize relations with Armenia could be harmed if the resolution passed , even though the vote was non-binding .
WASHINGTON – It took more than a year , but the Senate voted 66 - 32 late Tuesday to confirm the judicial nomination of Marisa Demeo , an openly lesbian judge .
The vote largely followed along partisan lines .
Republicans led by Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina had blocked confirmation since March 2009 , when President Barack Obama nominated Demeo to the D.C. Superior Court .
DeMint held up the nomination largely because of the judge ’s sexual orientation .
He told the National Law Journal in February that “ A number of Republicans had concerns and asked me , as chairman of Steering , to ask for limited debate and a recorded vote because of a history of very leftist activism .
There are just a number of things that do n't look like a fair - and - balanced approach that you 'd like in a judge . ”
Demeo has been a magistrate judge in the District of Columbia since 2007 .
She has been a lobbyist and is an advocate for Latino causes .
She is a member of the Human Rights Campaign and Lambda Legal , which are devoted to GLBT causes .
Demeo has been demonized by the socially conservative group Traditional Values Coalition ( TVC ) , which urged senators to reject the nomination because Demeo is openly gay .
On Tuesday , the progressive website ThinkProgress.org published a letter from the TVC to the senators :
“ As an open , radical lesbian , Demeo has openly condemned the effort to amend our Constitution to protect marriage as a one - man , one - woman union , ” the TVC wrote .
“ Demeo supports gay marriage , claiming it is a constitutional right .
She also claims that LGBT individuals are equal to racial minorities and can claim protection as minorities under our civil rights laws . ”
The letter writers called Demeo “ dangerous to our nation , ” and said she would , “ destroy traditional marriage through her edicts . ”
Demeo was judged " more than qualified " by numerous progressive and liberal organizations .
The Buffalo Bills , Minnesota Vikings , Baltimore Ravens and Cincinnati Bengals voted against the proposal .
The competition committee recommended the change in a vote of 6 - 2 , and commissioner Roger Goodell supported the plan .
He was able to secure enough votes to get the proposal passed on Tuesday , a day before the expected Wednesday vote .
The reason for the change is the increased accuracy of kickers since 1994 , when the NFL moved kickoffs from the 35 to the 30 yard line , which created better field position for the teams that won the coin toss and received the kickoffs .
Statistics examined by the committee showed that , beginning in 1994 , teams that win the coin toss have won overtime games 59.8 percent of the time .
Those statistics showed that since 1994 , the team that won the overtime coin toss won the game 34.4 percent of the time on the first possession .
" We 've had this discussion for a number of years , " competition committee co-chairman Rich McKay said .
" We feel this year 's proposal gave us the opportunity to [ install ] a pretty good rule .
Statistically , we felt it needed to be changed .
It was n't creating the fairest result as far as field goal accuracy , field goal distance and drive starts . "
" Plenty of people on the committee , myself included , are so - called traditionalists , " Indianapolis Colts president Bill Polian said .
" I am proud to be one .
But once you saw the statistics , it became obvious we had to do something . "
McKay said one of the selling points was it maintained the sudden - death aspect of overtime .
This is not a one - year experiment .
The vote is a permanent change to the overtime rule , which was established in 1974 to minimize the number of games ending in ties .
McKay did n't rule out the possibility that the change would be implemented in time for the 2010 regular season , but he doubted the discussion would result in such quick movement .
Minnesota lost last season 's NFC Championship Game in overtime to New Orleans .
The Saints won the toss , drove downfield and kicked a field goal to win .
McKay and Polian both said the Vikings - Saints game had little role in passage of the rule change .
" That 's interesting , " McKay said .
" One of the teams that voted against was in the game and , last I checked , I do n't think they won . "
Vikings owner Zygi Wilf said Monday he was inclined to vote against the modification .
" You need consistency of the regular season and the postseason , " Wilf said .
Polian said overtime rules already are different during the season , when games end in ties after a 15 - minute OT , and the playoffs , when a winner must be determined .
McKay and Tennessee Titans coach Jeff Fisher , the other competition committee co-chairman , said coaches quickly began favoring the change once they learned the details .
It became such a hot issue that the owners ' vote was taken one day earlier than expected .
One of those coaches , Marvin Lewis of the Bengals , is on the committee .
Hours before his team voted no , Lewis expressed approval for the alteration .
" There 's a lot of elements that come into play , " Lewis said .
" For all the proposals we 've discussed , this is , I think , the most complete one . "
McKay said it was critical in making the rule change that " no phase of the game " was " adversely affected . "
The players ' union has said it believes any change in overtime needs to be collectively bargained .
Of course , the contract between the league and players expires next March .
While the competition committee briefly discussed potential OT changes with the union in February , the NFLPA was not consulted this week .
Denver Broncos receiver Brandon Stokley does n't like the rule change .
" I just think that they should keep it like it is , " he said .
" It makes things interesting .
Some people do n't like the coin toss , but that 's just the way it goes .
If you 're on defense first and you do n't have the ball , you 've just got to stop them . "
Chris Mortensen is ESPN 's senior NFL analyst .
John Clayton is a senior NFL writer for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - The Vatican said on Tuesday Pope Benedict was willing to meet more sexual abuse victims but not under media pressure and scoffed at calls for the pope to be arrested when he visits Britain in September .
Pope Benedict XVI waves during the Sunday Angelus prayer at his residence of Castelgandolfo , south of Rome April 11 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Osservatore Romano
A lawyer for British author and atheist campaigner Richard Dawkins said in London at the weekend he would try to have Pope Benedict arrested to face questions over accusations the Church covered up cases of sexual abuse of children by priests .
Asked about this at a briefing on the pope ’s trip to Malta this weekend , Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi scoffed .
“ This is a bizarre idea to say the least .
It looks like the intent is to make a public opinion splash .
I think they should look for something more serious and concrete before we can respond to it , ” he said .
“ The pope ’s visit ( to Britain ) is a visit of state , and so it would be very strange if during a state visit the person who is invited to make a state visit is arrested , ” he said .
Dawkins , a scientist and outspoken critic of religion , has asked human rights lawyers to examine whether charges could be brought against the pope during the September 16 - 19 trip .
The Vatican has rejected accusations the pope helped to cover up abuse by priests in jobs he held before his election in 2005 and has accused the media of waging a “ despicable campaign of defamation ” against him .
In Washington , the American Humanist Association , which advocates the rights of non-believers , backed Dawkins ’ view that the pope should not have diplomatic immunity as a head of state and called for a “ criminal investigation ” of the church .
“ Religious institutions should not be exempt from such scrutiny just because they are religious , and they should be held accountable for any criminal wrongdoing , ” the AHA said in a statement .
The Vatican said last week that Benedict , who travels to Malta on Saturday , would be willing to meet more victims , as he had during his trips to the United States and Australia .
The pope feels that meetings with victims should take place “ in a climate that is intentionally one of reflection , discreet , and not under pressure of the glare of the media , so he can have a real possibility to listen and communicate personally , ” Lombardi said .
MALTESE MEN SUING PRIESTS
Ten Maltese men who are suing three priests for alleged child abuse have requested a private meeting with the pope .
Lombardi said he could not say if a meeting would take place .
“ I am not the one who decides what the pope does during his trips , ” Lombardi said , adding that such meetings were not announced in advance but confirmed only after they take place .
A spokesman for the Maltese men said they wanted a meeting “ to help us heal and to overcome this trauma ” .
So far , the pope has not spoken out directly on the new wave of sexual abuse allegations that is besetting the Church in a number of countries , including the United States , Italy and his native Germany .
He last spoke about it in a letter to the Irish people on March 20 .
In Malta , which is about 95 percent Catholic , billboards publicising the papal visit were daubed last week with images related to sexual abuse .
The crisis over abuse of children by priests shows no sign of abating , with new revelations emerging almost daily and the Vatican scrambling to find a response strategy .
On Monday the Vatican published an online guide to rules for handling sex abuse charges against priests .
It made clear high up that bishops must report crimes to the police , saying that “ civil law concerning reporting of crimes to the appropriate authorities should always be followed ” .
Also on Monday , a new report commissioned by the Church in Germany said children were “ sadistically tormented and also sexually abused ” at a Catholic monastery in the heavily Catholic Bavaria region .
This image shows the Themis Main Belt which sits between Mars and Jupiter .
Asteroid 24 Themis , one of the largest Main Belt asteroids , was examined by University of Tennessee scientist , Josh Emery , who found water ice and organic material on the asteroid 's surface .
His findings were published in the April 2010 issue of Nature .
Credit : Josh Emery / University of Tennessee , Knoxville
Asteroids may not be the dark , dry , lifeless chunks of rock scientists have long thought .
Josh Emery , research assistant professor with the earth and planetary sciences department at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , has found evidence of water ice and organic material on the asteroid 24 Themis .
This evidence supports the idea that asteroids could be responsible for bringing water and organic material to Earth .
The findings are detailed in the April 29 issue of the journal Nature .
Using NASA 's Infrared Telescope Facility on Hawaii's Mauna Kea , Emery and Andrew Rivkin of Johns Hopkins University in Laurel , Md. , examined the surface of 24 Themis , a 200 - kilometer wide asteroid that sits halfway between Mars and Jupiter .
By measuring the spectrum of infrared sunlight reflected by the object , the researchers found the spectrum consistent with frozen water and determined that 24 Themis is coated with a thin film of ice .
They also detected organic material .
" The organics we detected appear to be complex , long - chained molecules .
Raining down on a barren Earth in meteorites , these could have given a big kick - start to the development of life , " Emery said .
Emery noted that finding ice on the surface of 24 Themis was a surprise because the surface is too warm for ice to stick around for a long time .
" This implies that ice is quite abundant in the interior of 24 Themis and perhaps many other asteroids .
This ice on asteroids may be the answer to the puzzle of where Earth 's water came from , " he said .
Still , how the water ice got there is unclear .
24 Themis ' proximity to the sun causes ice to vaporize .
However , the researchers ' findings suggest the asteroid 's lifetime of ice ranges from thousands to millions of years depending on the latitude .
Therefore , the ice is regularly being replenished .
The scientists theorize this is done by a process of " outgassing " in which ice buried within the asteroid escapes slowly as vapor migrates through cracks to the surface or as vapor escapes quickly and sporadically when 24 Themis is hit by space debris .
Since
Themis is part of an asteroid " family " that was formed from a large impact and the subsequent fragmentation of a larger body long ago , this scenario means the parent body also had ice and has deep implications for how our solar system formed .
The discovery of abundant ice on 24 Themis demonstrates that water is much more common in the Main Belt of asteroids than previously thought .
" Asteroids have generally been viewed as being very dry .
It now appears that when the asteroids and planets were first forming in the very early Solar System , ice extended far into the Main Belt region , " Emery said .
" Extending this refined view to planetary systems around other stars , the building blocks of life -- water and organics -- may be more common near each star 's habitable zone .
The coming years will be truly exciting as astronomers search to discover whether these building blocks of life have worked their magic there as well . "
The scientists ' discovery also further blurs the line between comets and asteroids .
Asteroids have long been considered to be rocky and comets icy .
Furthermore , it was once believed that comets could have brought water to Earth .
This theory was nixed when it was discovered comets ' water has different isotopic signatures than water on Earth .
Now , due to Emery and Rivkin 's findings , many wonder if asteroids could be responsible for seeding Earth with the ingredients for life .
Explore further
We owe it all to comets
More information : The Nature article is entitled " Detection of Ice and Organics on an Asteroidal Surface . "
Provided by University of Tennessee at Knoxville
CSS 3 Selectors tests
Original CSS work by Daniel Glazman ( c ) Disruptive Innovations 2008
Hi again !
So … … what did you think of my first attempt at a blog post ???
I guess the fact that you are reading this says it must have peaked some sort of interest for you !!
I hope you find more !
With tomorrow being Mother ’s Day , I have been thinking a lot about being a mom and just being a WOMAN .
Let me tell you , when I said before that my view of the world has changed since I first thought about doing some sort of blog , this would probably be the biggest change of heart and mind I have had .
Throughout my years of different experiences ( which I still promise to talk about in later posts ) , good and bad , I truly became what I affectionately call a “ man hater ” !
Before , I would call myself a “ strong independent woman ” that did n’t “ need ” anyone , especially a man , to take care of me .
I could do it all by myself !
I struggled with giving my all in any relationship and kept some sort of distance in order to “ protect ” myself .
The worst part was that I was actually hurting other people …. especially the two that God entrusted me with to nurture and guide and love in this life .
I raised my daughters to also be “ strong , independent women ” which is an admirable thing right ?!
I ’m not so sure now .
We certainly were strong , in some sense of the word , but the part I forgot to teach them was how to love and be loved .
Being “ strong and independent ” afforded them many successes in life for sure .
They can both hold their own in pretty much any situation .
But what about LOVE ?
What was that exactly ?
I ’m positive that I lacked the ability to show my daughters what LOVE should look like .
I ’m not sure I really knew .
I suppose this is where I start to talk about my childhood , the chaos and everything that “ I went through in my life ” .
Well , I ’m not going to do that !
All I ’m going to say is that you ca n’t give away or teach someone something that you did n’t have and knew nothing about .
All I knew was that I had an unconditional commitment to their hearts …. and even though I ’m sure it did n’t look that way a lot of the time , the decisions I tried to make were supposed to make our lives better and happy even though it did n’t always turn out that way .
If I would have only known that I did n’t have to do it alone … …
By the grace of God , which makes total sense to me now , my daughters have grown up to be wonderful women and we are learning together how to love and be loved .
I have learned that God loves me and I do n’t have to protect my heart so much that it scares people away .
I was a hard study and it took a lot of smacks in the head to get it , but once I realized that , God gave me a love from a man ( who is now my husband ) that I never knew could exist .
I love him unconditionally and respect the role he plays in my life .
He is my heart , my protector , my best friend and even though it was VERY hard to give up my “ independence ” , I have learned to let him love me and take care of me the way HE wants to without always telling him , “ thanks , but I can do that myself ! ”
I hope that my daughters can watch me now and see what “ LOVE ” is supposed to look like .
Not just in the fairy tale sense , but in the day to day sharing of life !!
I hope that my husband can feel the love and respect I have for him everyday in everything I do !
There is a story that comes to mind but I will save that until next time !
Have a wonderful , blessed Mother ’s Day and do n’t forget …..
Be the drop that creates the ripple ……
Sheila
Armstrong suspended two games for elbowing Perreault ( updated )
Thrashers ' winger Colby Armstrong has been suspended two games by the NHL , without pay , for his elbow to the head of Caps ' prospect Mathieu Perreault last night , according to Atlanta Journal Constitution reporter Chris Vivlamore .
It was not a " blindside hit , " but a dangerous one nonetheless .
Here it is again :
Perreault , who was not injured , was sent down to Hershey earlier today .
Here 's what Armstrong had to say about the suspension ( via the AJC ) :
" Obviously , I 'm disappointed , " Armstrong told the AJC .
" I feel terrible about it .
The timing of it because of our position as a team and also personally for myself .
It 's one thing that my dad always told me when I learned out to hit , you never reach for a guy like that .
I just got caught where he was dodging out of the way and I reached for him and I made a mistake .
The good thing is there was no injury on the play . "
" I reached across with my right arm .
I just tried to get a piece of him .
It happened the way it happened .
By no means did I mean to hit him high .
I 've always been a guy that with my hits my arms are down .
I hit with my shoulder .
I keep my arms in and try to hit the way I 'm supposed to .
This one time , I got caught in a head - to - head going at him and he gave me a couple moves and I just tried to get a piece of him and I paid the price . "
In software terms , Babylonian Twins is practically ancient .
When it was first created , you ( or maybe your parents ) were finally playing * Mortal Kombat * on the Sega Genesis ( or perhaps the bloodless version on the SNES ) .
It was the age of a slew of newfangled game consoles like the 3DO and the Atari Jaguar .
What , you do n't remember those ?
That 's what makes the existence of Babylonian Twins such an unlikely story : it survived , despite being programmed for the Commodore Amiga in Baghdad , where economic sanctions ( and the death of Commodore ) pretty much killed the project .
Against all odds it 's been given a second chance , with a bit of a facelift to hide those wrinkles and embarrassing blip - bloop sound effect .
The game 's creator , Rabah Shihab , reassembled the original team through the magic of the Internet and got to work , first on an Amiga demo which was released on YouTube , and then on its current incarnation on the iPhone and iPad .
The game itself is vast , gorgeous , and challenging .
You play both twins , Nasir and Blasir , as they battle an evil sorcerer to bring peace to the kingdom .
Set in ancient Babylon , Babylonian
Twins has a wide variety of settings which are ( according to the creators ) based on history books ; the original graphics were made by an architecture student from Baghdad University .
Unlike most iPhone games I 've played , the levels are huge — it really feels more like an old console game than the casual games that usually appear on a mobile device , and it 's great .
Many of the levels have taken me around fifteen minutes to complete the first time through , and that 's if I survive the first time .
With only three lives per level and almost no way to replenish health , you have to be pretty careful to make it through .
( More frequent checkpoints have been promised in a future update so you can pause more often if needed . )
The gameplay reminds me a little bit of that old game Lost Vikings : you can only control one twin at a time , and they each have different abilities .
Nasir can jump higher and has a charge - and - dash that can smash through certain walls .
Blasir has a mace that can smash open vases and drill down through the floor .
In addition , the inactive twin turns into a statue that can be used to hold switches or help reach higher platforms .
The levels are ingeniously designed and will have your gears turning to find which twin you need for each new puzzle .
The goal of each level is to find the four golden palms and then make it to the exit door .
Along the way you 'll encounter guards who will only let you pass after finding certain treasures or keys .
There are various enemies , some of whom can be dispatched with a weapon or a Mario - like bounce on the head ; others can't be harmed and must simply be avoided .
The graphics are eye - popping — I 'd love to see the HD version on the iPad , but even on the iPod touch it 's a treat to play .
In the Holy Gardens levels , individual leaves will rustle and fall out of trees as you climb through them ; the statues and paintings in the backgrounds are elaborate and really give you a sense of the beauty of ancient Mesopotamia .
And with five different worlds , there 's a good variety — you may find yourself stopping to admire the scenery .
Fortunately , there 's no time limit on the levels so you can gawk if you want .
There 's a lot to this game , and I 'm really impressed .
I have n't even gotten to the ancient treasures that you can find .
( Based on screenshots I 've seen , they appear to be actual historical items . )
And the website promises unlockable levels and future updates for even more levels , though I can tell this one will keep me occupied for a few more hours of gameplay as it is .
Babylonian
Twins uses the OpenFeint service , which I 'm liking more now that I have several apps that use it .
It allows you to tie into Facebook or Twitter ( if desired ) , stores your scores and achievements and lets you compare them to the rest of the world .
For Amiga fans , it 's worth noting that Shihab is hoping to release a version for the Amiga eventually , funded by iPhone and iPad sales .
Babylonian
Twins is currently on sale until the end of this weekend , $.99 for the iPhone / iPad touch version or $ 1.99 for the iPad version .
( I think regular price is $ 3.99 for the iPhone , so now 's a great time to check it out ! )
For more info , check out the Babylonian Twins website .
There 's also a great review with a little more of the history on TouchArcade .
__Wired : __Lush graphics , easy controls and formidable levels set Babylonian Twins apart from your average iPhone game .
And the story behind the game 's creation is almost as fascinating as the game itself .
__Tired : __Inability to save progress in the middle of a level — but hopefully this will be addressed soon .
Note : I received a free download of the iPhone version for review purposes .
Oil Industry Uses PBS Nova to Scare Voters
About the " Risk " of Clean Energy
April 22nd , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
For somebody old enough to remember PBS before “ fair and balanced ” news , last night was a shock .
“ Energy : the Big Gamble ” on PBS Nova contained blatant lies about the pending climate legislation in California .
Funding for NOVA is provided by ExxonMobil , Pacific Life , David H. Koch …
This is the same Koch family , that makes its billions off oil and gas , that Greenpeace found had spent $ 25 million from 2005 to 2008 funding climate denial .
This show was designed to scare US voters , and initially , California voters who now face the oil industry ’s ballot initiative to put a stop to pending climate legislation , AB32 to move the state to a clean energy economy .
[ social_buttons ]
The message of the NOVA piece is that moving to a clean energy economy is just too risky .
To drive the message into our subconscious , the show itself is called “ Energy : The Big Gamble ” and each time the narrator intones on the terrors of climate legislation , dice are shown being rolled ( by uncaring hands ) to show you just what a risk is being taken with your life .
Tremble , Californians !
Some unseen gambler is messing with your livelihood .
Two segments contained particularly self - serving lies for the oil and gas industry now battling the climate legislation in California .
In one segment about all the problems they claim will come with clean energy , they actually insinuate that California has blackouts – supposedly because we have too much renewable energy !
NARRATOR : But that is not the only problem .
Coal can be burnt to release energy when you need it , but what do you do if the sun does n’t shine and the wind does n’t blow ?
DANIEL KAMMEN : Renewables are n’t the easy we ’re - just - going - to - do - it solution .
There are issues .
One of the big issues is that for solar and wind , in particular , they are intermittent .
They ’re on some of the time , off other times , and it ’s not consistent .
You can not always predict it .
NARRATOR : ( almost whining )
But grid managers have to predict it .
They need power on demand .
And when they ca n’t get it , it raises one alarming specter .
REPORTER 1 : Minutes after the power went out in Aliso Viejo there was the sound of screeching tires and crumpled cars .
NARRATOR : With an aging grid and a shortage of reserve power , blackouts have plagued California for years .
REPORTER 2 : We ’re talking 10 , 20 , 30 miles from downtown Los Angeles , possibly , with people without power .
PHARMACIST : We can not get on our computer .
We cannot process prescriptions .
We can not call doctors for refills .
NARRATOR : To eliminate the risk of blackouts , as renewable energy increases beyond 20 percent , it will be necessary to come up with a cost - effective technology to store power .
Actually , the last time that California had blackouts was during the Enron extortion in 2000 - 2001 .
That was not because we had some “ excessive ” amount of renewable energy .
It was found by FERC to be due to purely financial market manipulation by Enron .
In another segment they imply that AB32 will raise your energy prices by 25 % ( again , not true ) , driving you and your small business out of state .
NARRATOR : But there has been no gold rush for Jim and Myra Malkiewicz .
Their family has been in the mattress business for decades , but with the increasing costs of materials , times are very tough .
JIM MALKIEWICZ ( Wickline Bedding Company ) :
My father ’s been in the business for 50 years .
He ’s never seen it this difficult .
And margins are shrinking : the cost of fuel is going up , the cost of foam is going up .
In just a seven - month period we ’ve had four price increases on polyurethane foam — which we use , obviously , a lot in our mattresses — totaling 60 percent , 60 percent .
That ’s just one component .
It ’s gone across the board .
NARRATOR : The vicious pincer of higher costs at a time of recession has devastated their profit margins .
They ’re down to just three percent .
For Jim and Myra and their 60 employees , the prospect of a large hike in electricity rates is terrifying .
JIM MALKIEWICZ : Let ’s add these costs up : let ’s say we ’re spending $ 4,000 a month on energy ; that ’s $ 50,000 a year .
Let ’s say we go up by $ 1,000 a month .
That ’s an additional $ 12,000 that you ’re spending that comes out of the bottom line .
Well , in some cases , that ’s somebody ’s employment .
The question becomes , “ Can you survive these bad credit markets , the tight money ?
Can you survive the bigger costs in gas , fuel , electricity ?
Electricity prices are not going to go up 25 % !
And their 60 % rise in polyurethane costs has nothing to do with the “ risky gamble ' ” on climate legislation – that wo n’t even take effect till 2012 , ( and will cover utilities ’ raw materials , not those of mattress makers ) .
( In fact , a California business with good enough credit to be in business ( and a roof ) that wants to lower its energy costs can access clean power purchase agreements ( PPAs ) with companies that offer ways to save money from day one on electricity using solar .
Businesses that have put in energy efficiency or renewable energy find that they save money by adding renewable energy or efficiency .
Any business can access Federal and state incentives under The Recovery Act and state and utility rebates that make clean energy production feasible for businesses . )
Do n’t be taken in by this self - serving scaremongering by the fossil industry , masquerading as quality television .
For shame , PBS .
Image : Mike Jackson ’s Hollywood Disaster movie
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The Porn Detection Stick helps parents , administrators and officials find current and deleted explicit photos and videos on any Windows Computer .
Designed for detectives and law - enforcement , the PDS is a popular security tool for parents , employers , school administrators , librarians , and more .
Use the PDS on an unlimited number of computers - the software runs directly from the stick and leaves no trace of investigation behind .
The Porn Detection Stick perform unlimited scans on any compatible computer .
Even if pictures and videos are deleted , they 'll be recovered and scanned .
Scans computer hard drives , USB drives , or any other storage that mounts as a drive letter in Windows .
Securely delete found images and video so they can't be recovered again .
Blurred picture viewer keeps you from seeing unwanted pornography .
Powered by technology used for years by law enforcement agencies around the world , the Porn Detection Stick uses a complex series of algorithms to analyze flesh tones , shapes and curvatures , face detection , body part separation , and more to alert you to images likely to contain pornographic material .
Insert the Porn Detection Stick into any Windows computer 's USB port and find current , hidden and deleted pornographic images & videos .
How To Use
Log into computer Plug stick into USB port on computer .
Click the " Porn Detection Stick " Click Start View Search Results
Traditionally , there have been two different approaches to detecting pornographic content .
The first approach is to simply determine if an image has too much flesh tones in it .
The second approach is to comprise a database of file hashes ( a digital signature ) of known pornographic images .
The first approach often results in too many false positive matches and leaves a number of pornographic images undetected because only one aspect of the images is used to determine if it is pornographic .
The second approach is unrealistic in being able to create a comprehensive database due to the sheer number of pornographic images on the web .
Even if they could catalog all the images form the more than 420 million web pages that contain pornography according to Internet Filter Review , there 's always new images being created .
Besides this , anyone sharing personal pornographic images not available on commercial sites through e-mail , blogs , forums , or other online communities are not likely to be found by such methods .
The Porn Detection Stick has implemented a number of methods and algorithms to analyze each image to determine if it may be pornographic in nature .
Image Cleanup - within virtual memory , the software cleans up the image for optimum analysis .
Skin Detection - this identifies skin tones and texture within the image .
Background Elimination - this eliminates background objects from foreground objects so background objects do n't skew the results .
Edge Detection - identifies the edges of objects .
Body Part Separation - separates body parts into separate masses .
Negative Curvature Rejection - eliminates objects with negative curves .
Elimination - eliminates other objects .
Face Detection - identifies faces within the image .
Body Part Layout Decision - maps body part distribution and image layout .
Decision - classifies image based on data .
Using this series of methods , the Porn Detection Stick is able to filter over 99 % of non-pornographic images from a system leaving you with a fraction of the images on a computer to look at .
A computer with a 500 GB hard drive was searched using the Porn Detection Stick .
Within an hour and a half , the entire computer was searched and over 72,000 images were analyzed producing only around 400 false positive results .
That 's less than 0.006 % .
Whether you think someone is viewing pornography on your computer or whether you think your machine was exposed to pornography unwillingly or by accident , the Porn Detection Stick will help you quickly investigate your computer and help you determine if pornographic images are present .
Features
Portable : Because the porn detection software is embedded in a USB thumb drive , you can easily take it anywhere and use it on any computer you own .
Fast :
A search of a 500 GB hard drive with over 70,000 images takes only about an hour and a half .
Imagine how much time it would take you to manually find and search that many images .
Accurate : The Porn Detection Stick uses advanced image analyzing algorithms that categorize images as potentially harmful by identifying facial features , flesh tone colors , image back grounds , body part shapes , and more .
With less than 1 % false positive indications , your search for contamination on your computer wo n't waste your time .
FAQ
Which Computer Operating Systems are Supported ?
Windows ( all versions )
Who can use the Porn Detection Stick ?
Parents :
The average age a child is first exposed to pornography online is 11 years old .
They may not be actively searching for it , but chances are they 've run across it and pornography may be residing on your computer right now .
Employers : Besides wasted time and resources , pornographic content on your company computers exposes you to legal risks as well as disgruntled employees .
Schools & Churches : Despite Internet filters , pornographic content can easily contaminate your organization 's computers .
Whether copied from flash drives or other media , downloaded from e-mail , or simply missed by your filter , unwanted illicit images should be found and eradicated .
Is it 100 % accurate ?
Nothing is 100 % accurate when it comes to scanning for pornography .
The Porn Detection Stick is designed to make your investigation quick and easy .
A typical home system can contain anywhere from 10,000 images to hundreds of thousands of images .
The Porn Detection Stick is designed to analyze all these images and tell you which ones are most likely to contain pornography .
Typically , out of 50,000 images scanned , the Porn Detection Stick will determine that around 350 images may contain pornography on a clean system .
Viewing these 350 " false positive " images is very easy compared to the 50,000 images on the system .
There are a number of images in the " Suspect " and " Highly Suspect " folders but none of them are pornographic .
Why ?
Images that are determined to be suspect can easily be a false positive hit .
This means there are elements in the image that triggered enough suspicion for it to be categorized as suspicious .
You 'll notice many of these pictures are of people who have a larger amount of skin showing ( pictures of babies often get marked as suspicious ) or contain a lot of flesh tones ( a picture of a cardboard box may be marked as a false positive ) or even have round or elongated shapes .
Sometimes it 's not obvious why an image is marked as a false positive .
The Porn Detection Stick can also miss some pornographic images .
These misses are a small percentage of overall pornographic images .
The thing to remember is that if someone is viewing pornography , there will generally be a large number of images marked as suspicious even if a few get past the scan .
How fast does it work ?
That depends on a number of factors such as computer speed , the size of the drive / folders being scanned , and the size of the images .
Scanning of an average computer with a 500 GB hard drive and over 70,000 images took just over an hour and a half in testing and resulted in only about 400 false positive results .
Do I need the password of the computer I 'm scanning for pornography ?
Yes , for the first scan .
You will need to be logged into the system you are investigating the first time you use the Porn Detection Stick to scan for pornography .
By clicking the " Remember This Computer " the first time you run a scan on a computer , you will be able to simply plug the stick into the computer in the future and it will automatically run a scan .
If you plan on using the " Remember This Computer " option , you will need to be logged in as Admin .
Does the Porn Detection Stick prevent pornographic material from getting on my computer ?
No .
The Porn Detection Stick was designed as an investigative tool only .
Porn filters and other preventative measures can always fail .
The Porn Detection Stick simply analyzes all the images on a system so you can identify illicit images and remove them .
I see a file called Report. txt in the " Suspect " and " Highly Suspect " folders .
What is this ?
This file is a report of all suspected images that includes the image location so you can delete any images you find offensive .
There are multiple folders in when I open reports .
Which one is my search results ?
Each report is saved under a folder named with the time the search started ( i.e. 2009 -10-29 22-54-51 for a search that was started October 29 , 2009 at 10:54:51 PM ) .
You can keep as many reports on your stick as room will allow .
Keep in mind that there is a limited amount of space on the Porn Detection Stick so clear your reports regularly .
What does " Remember This Computer " do ?
The first time you insert the Porn Detection Stick into a new computer , you will need to manually navigate to the drive ( most times , Windows will simply ask if you want to open the root folder of the thumb drive ) and double - click on the Porn Detection Stick software to run it .
If you click the " Remember This Computer " button , you will no longer have to manually launch the Porn Detection Stick software each time you want to scan this computer ( even if there is a password on the system ) .
The Porn Detection Stick thumb drive will be recognized by the system and allowed to automatically run the software and a scan will automatically start as well ( it may take a minute on some systems for the software to open ) .
Is the Porn Detection Stick considered spyware ?
No .
Spyware is software that is either installed on a system unknowingly to the user or software that gathers and sends information over the Internet without the user 's knowledge .
The Porn Detection Stick is an investigation tool that simply detects the presence of pornography on a computer .
It says there are " Suspect " images .
Does this mean there 's porn on my computer ?
Not necessarily .
Suspect and Highly Suspect images are likely to be pornographic in nature , however , there are always going to be false positives .
Even some standard Windows images have enough features to be marked as suspicious .
Typically , less than 0.007 % of images will be false positives .
The Porn Detection Stick found a handful of pornographic images .
Does this mean my kids have been surfing porn ?
It is important to realize that even accidental exposure to pornographic images online can leave an image trail on a computer .
If you discover only a few dozen pornographic images , it 's not likely the user has been viewing pornography .
Can I scan other thumb drives and media cards ?
Yes .
Simply insert any type of media that will mount as a drive on the computer before running the Porn Detection Stick and select that drive letter before clicking start .
This means you can search memory sticks from cameras , cell phones , or larger capacity portable storage devices .
How do I view the images suspected of being pornographic ?
Once a scan is complete , click on the " Reports " button and open the report you wish to view .
Open the " Suspect " or " Highly Suspect " folders and you 'll see the images .
If the images are not shown as thumbnails , you can change the view by clicking the " View " menu option and selecting " Thumbnails " .
I see files in the " Suspect " and " Highly Suspect " folders that do n't open .
What are they and how do I view them ?
Because the Porn Detection Stick is designed by a digital forensic company specializing in digital investigations , images are searched by the file header rather than file extensions .
This is geek speak for saying people can't hide their pornography by simply changing the file type .
These files that can't be viewed are images of some type and are usually simply missing their file extension or have the wrong file extension .
Most of the time , you can try changing the file extension to one of the following : *.jpg , *.gif , *.bmp , *.tiff , *.png .
I accidentally deleted all the files on the Porn Detection Stick .
What do I do now ?
The PornDetectionStick .exe file is necessary for the Porn Detection Stick to work properly .
The Run folder is a hidden folder that contains essential files as well .
Do not delete these files .
Do not format the Porn Detection Stick .
If you accidently delete the PornDetectionStick .
exe file , contact support at http://support.paraben.com and we 'll send you a replacement file that will work for your stick .
If you accidentely format your drive or you delete the hidden folder called Run , you will need to send in the Porn Detection Stick to Paraben with return postage and we 'll reassign the files and send it back to you .
Wind and solar power are often criticised for being too intermittent , but Cambridge researchers could change that
Newly designed giant gravel batteries could be the solution to the on - off nature of wind turbines and solar panels .
By storing energy when the wind stops blowing or the sun stops shining , it is hoped the new technology will boost to renewable energy and blunt a persistent criticism of the technology - that the power from it is intermittent .
Electricity cannot be stored easily , but a new technique may hold the answer , so that energy from renewables does n't switch off when nature stops playing ball .
A team of engineers from Cambridge think they have a potential solution : a giant battery that can store energy using gravel .
" If you bolt this to a wind farm , you could store the intermittent and relatively erratic energy and give it back in a reliable and controlled manner , " says Jonathan Howes , founder of Isentropic and previously an engineer at the Civil Aviation Authority .
The Labour government committed to cutting the country 's carbon emissions by 34 % by 2020 and 80 % by 2050 , both relative to 1990 levels .
To achieve this , ministers outlined plans to build thousands of wind turbines by 2020 .
The only economically viable way of storing large amounts of energy is through pumped hydro – where excess electricity is used to pump water up a hill .
The water is held back by a dam until the energy is needed , when it is released down the hill , turning turbines and generating electricity on the way .
Isentopic claims its gravel - based battery would be able to store equivalent amounts of energy but use less space and be cheaper to set up .
Its system consists of two silos filled with a pulverised rock such as gravel .
Electricity would be used to heat and pressurise argon gas that is then fed into one of the silos .
By the time the gas leaves the chamber , it has cooled to ambient temperature but the gravel itself is heated to 500C .
After leaving the silo , the argon is then fed into the second silo , where it expands back to normal atmospheric pressure .
This process acts like a giant refrigerator , causing the gas ( and rock ) temperature inside the second chamber to drop to - 160C .
The electrical energy generated originally by the wind turbines originally is stored as a temperature difference between the two rock - filled silos .
To release the energy , the cycle is reversed , and as the energy passes from hot to cold it powers a generator that makes electricity .
Isentropic claims a round - trip energy efficiency of up to 80 % and , because gravel is cheap , the cost of a system per kilowatt - hour of storage would be between $ 10 and $ 55 .
Howes says that the energy in the hot silo ( which is insulated ) can easily be stored for extended periods of time - by his calculations , a silo that stood 50 m tall and was 50 m in diameter would lose only half of its energy through its walls if left alone for three years .
To demonstrate how much less infrastructure his system requires , Howes uses the example of the Bath County Pumped Storage hydro-electric dam in Virginia , US .
This is the biggest energy - storage system in the world , with two reservoirs covering 820 surface acres can store up to 30 GWh storage capacity .
An Isentropic gravel battery of the same capacity would occupy 1/300th of the area , according to Howes .
John Loughhead , executive director of the UK Energy Research Centre , said that the novelty of the Isentropic system lay in using cheap materials as the heat store , thus making a normally expensive and mechanically complex process very simple .
But he said demonstrators would need to be built to prove the idea actually functions .
" The question is , does it work ?
From an engineering standpoint , the temperature differences they mention , +550C to - 150C are initially credibility - stretching for a single - pass cycle , and the potential for gravel particles to pass through the engine and damage or clog the inevitable cooling and lubricating systems seems high . "
Howes is in the process of designing a small pilot plant that could store 16MWh at full capacity - enough for the electrical needs of thousands of homes .
That energy could be stored in two silos of gravel that are 7 metres tall and 7 metres in diameter .
There is no reason why multiple units could not be connected together to store much more power , Howes says several gigawatt hours .
Howes says he is in talks with what he refers to as " a large utility company " to sponsor the construction of a full - storage demonstrator system , something around the 100 kilowatt scale .
Isentropic was selected recently by the government - sponsored Technology Strategy Board for a trade mission to meet Silicon Valley investors , one of around 20 of the Britain 's most promising clean technology startup companies .
David Bott , director of innovation programmes at the Technology Strategy Board , one of the sponsors of the 2010 Clean and Cool trade mission said : " Isentropic have done something very exciting , by revisiting scientific theory and coming up with a new technology that answers the need to match the generation of electricity with its use .
For instance , the system could enable the more efficient use of wind power , by storing the energy generated by a turbine until it is needed .
We need ways to store the energy we generate when we have a surplus , so that it can be used when we need extra and this innovative new system could provide the answer . "
• This article was amended on 28 April 2010 .
The original named Isentropic 's founder as Jonathan Howe .
This has been corrected .
Republican Senator James
Inhofe has stepped up to the plate yet again for big oil , pledging a Republican filibuster against legislation offered by New Jersey 's Robert Menendez that would completely lift the $ 75 million liability cap currently protecting big oil companies from claims of economic damage from oil spills .
Sam Stein describes the Menendez proposal :
Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) is set to introduce on Tuesday afternoon a bill that would fully eliminate any cap on the amount of economic damages that oil companies would have to pay for spills they 've caused .
The New Jersey Democrat is revising an earlier version of legislation he introduced which would have raised the cap from $ 75 million dollars in liability to $ 10 billion .
Now , the cap will be effectively unlimited , an aide said .
Inhofe says Republicans oppose unlimited caps because it would limit the ability of oil companies to drill for oil .
That 's bull .
The only thing it would do is hold them accountable by limiting their ability to risk the livelihood of innocent third parties .
Would n't it be nice if a Republican like Scott Brown sided with Democrats and took a stand against this sort of corporate socialism ?
GOPers like Inhofe want corporations to enjoy unlimited profit with limited risk .
For all the bellyaching by teabaggers about the financial bailouts , why are they silent about this sort of bailout ?
Brown has a real opportunity to show leadership .
He should take it .
And it 's back !
Once again , it 's been a while since we dropped an installment of this 50 - part series on you .
Today we begin the C's with California .
Yeah , it 's a doozy , so we split it in two — Northern and Southern .
Let 's get this show on the road ... — The Mgmt .
Bay Area Quick Overview
OK .
I 'm not even going to pretend that this is a comprehensive list of all the Northern California pizzerias worthy of your attention .
The rate at which new places are opening there and the geographic vastness make this a crazy undertaking , to be sure .
And , yes , in fact , this will encompass mostly Bay Area pizzerias , since these are the places that both L.A. Pizza Maven ( LAPM ) and I have eaten at .
But that 's the great thing about the Comments section below .
If we 've missed your favorite place , you can set our butts straight and give us the real dope .
Anyway ...
As LAPM points out in many of his posts on Slice , the Bay Area pizza scene has caught fire in the last decade and is a far cry from when he lived there in the ' 80s .
Heck , it 's a far cry from what it was when I started Slice almost seven years ago in 2003 .
It 's funny , because even in 2005 , when Ed Levine 's book Pizza : A Slice of Heaven came out , he wrote that , " California is , on the whole , a lousy pizza state . "
That 's decidedly untrue today , what with all the Neapolitan - influenced wood - fired - oven joints cramming the scene .
But speaking of WFO joints , as much as they 're sprouting up like weeds , Ed points out that the state 's first pizzeria was a wood - fired joint called Lupo's , founded in 1935 in San Francisco 's North Beach neighborhood .
Lupo's became Tommaso's in 1971 , when Frankie Cantalupo got out of the business and sold the place to his longtime pizzaman , Tommy Chin — with the provision that Chin change the name .
" Chin was no dummy , " Ed writes , " He knew that a pizzeria named Chin 's was going to have a rough time attracting customers , so he renamed it Tommaso's , which was Cantalupo 's nickname for him . "
So I suppose Tommaso 's might be a good place to start .
Here 's
Ed on the joint ...
Tommaso's : SF's Original Wood - Fired - Oven Pizzeria
Agostino Crotti , whose family bought Tommaso 's from Tommy Chin in 1973 , is a dedicated pizzaiolo and restaurateur .
Every night , customers see him tending to the 70 - year - old wood - burning oven in the right - hand corner of the restaurant .
He 's a hard - working man turning out an honest pie .
the crust has a nice yeasty flavor and a fine raised lip and flattens out considerably the further toward the center of the pie you go , leaving the crust a little gummy .
the Italian sausage , from Molinari 's down the street , is a little bland .
I love sitting in one of the white wooden booths that line both sides of Tommaso's , ordering a pizza and staring at the murals while I wait for my pie .
Tommaso 's does n't make the pizza of my dreams , but if you want a slice of California pizza history , it 's a destination .
— Ed Levine
Tomasso's : 1042 Kearny Street , San Francisco CA 94133 ( map ) ; 415-398-9696 ; tommasos.com
Stuffed Pizza and Deep Dish : Zachary 's and Little Star
OK .
I 'll admit it .
I have not yet tried the stuffed pizzas at either Zachary 's Chicago Pizza ( commonly known as just " Zachary 's " ) or Little Star , but for people who love the stuffed or deep dish styles , well , those people in the Bay Area seem to be nutso about these places .
I 'm not quite sure if there 's a hardcore rivalry going à la Frank Pepe 's vs. Sally 's Apizza in New Haven , Connecticut , but I do know folks who are either really into one or the other .
( And I know Ed Levine here at Slice / Serious Eats prefers Little Star to Zachary's . )
Zachary 's was founded in 1983 on College Avenue in Oakland by Zach Zachowski and Barbara Gabel , both Wisconsin natives who had spent some time in Chicago ( picking up a love of stuffed pizza there ) before finding themselves in the Bay Area .
They now have three locations — one opened a year later in Berkeley and the third in San Ramon in 2006 .
Pies at Zachary 's are stuffed , which means a layer of dough in a deep dish pan , followed by cheese and other ingredients ( what would otherwise be called " toppings " ) and then another layer of dough followed by sauce .
Like the thick Chicago - style pizza it is , it takes 30 to 40 minutes to bake .
The place is usually crowded , and the Oakland and Berkeley locations are first - come , first - served .
So if there 's a table wait , they 'll take your order while you wait so that it 's ready by the time you sit down .
Additionally , a lot of my Bay Area friends who frequent Zachary 's actually say they call ahead for the half - baked pizzas there .
You can order them in advance , bring them home , and finish them off in your oven .
Also , additionally , finally , Zachary 's does serve a thin - crust pizza .
Zachary 's 5801 College Avenue , Oakland CA 94618 ; 510-655-6385 1853 Solano Avenue , Berkeley CA 94707 ; 510-525-5950 3110 Crow Canyon Place , San Ramon CA 94583 ; 925-244-1222
zacharys.com
For Chicago - style pizza lovers based in San Francisco proper , though , the thing with Zachary 's was it was across the Bay .
Which is like when Manhattanites complain about going to any other borough .
" OMG .
It 's so far . "
( Or , if you grew up in Olathe , Kansas , like I did , it was like having to go across town and traverse the three different sets of railroad tracks , any of which might set you back 15 minutes waiting for a half - mile - long train to crawl by — and if you were really unlucky , you 'd get a train at all three .
But I digress . )
Anyway , SF deep dish lovers caught a break in 2005 , when Little Star opened in Western Addition ( there 's now a second location in the Mission ) .
It does deep dish proper , not stuffed , so there 's no top layer .
But probably only Chicago natives and Windy City tourists will register the distinctions .
It also opts for a cornmeal crust .
As I said , Ed Levine here in the office , whom I 'm bugging as I 'm writing this all out , said he liked Little Star 's crust more .
It 's buttery rich and crisp , he says .
( Of course , he still says it 's more a casserole than a pizza . )
Again , the waits at Little Star can be long , my SF friends say .
Maybe as long as two hours on a Friday or Saturday .
And you can't do the order - ahead thing like you can at Zachary's .
( Oh , and LS , too , does a thin - crust pizza . )
New York–Style : Arinell and Gioia and Pizza My Heart
There are a handful of places to get a New York–style slice in the area : Arinell , Gioia , and Pizza My Heart .
Arinell has been around for more than 30 years and is the granddaddy of New York–style pizza in the area .
It 's the place that I 've been recommended the by SF - area friends and Slice 'rs when I put out requests for pizzerias to hit up on my visits to the region .
From what my peeps tell me , it pretty much mirrors no - frills NYC slice joints , with just the standard toppings and what not .
If you 're visiting SF and are doing destination pizzerias , this might not be your place , but if you 're near one of its two locations and are jonesing for NYC - style pizza , it may be an option .
Arinell Pizza 2119 Shattuck Avenue , Berkeley CA 94704 ; 510-841-4035 509 Valencia Street , San Francisco CA 94110 ; 415-255-1303
It seems that every city of a certain size has a New York native who decided the area needed a New York–style pizzeria .
Berkeley already had the aforementioned Arinell , but that did n't stop Brooklyn native Will Gioia from opening his eponymous place in 2004 .
Our man Ed Levine here was impressed with Gioia when he visited .
The place is New York–style , but with a bit more upscale touch than , say , Arinell .
Seasonal toppings and a note about sustainably raised meat grace the menu , which lists things like The Julian , " calabrese sausage with spicy winter greens , red onions , garlic , and capers . "
And , hey , the Formaggio pie , with " two types of mozzarella and grana padano , " sounds a bit Di Fara–esque , do n't it ?
Gioia Pizzeria : 1586 Hopkins Street , Berkeley CA 94707 ; 510-528-4692 ; gioiapizzeria.com
Serious Eats 's Carey Jones wanted to interject here ...
So take it away , Carey !
— The Mgmt .
You can't write about pizza in Northern California without writing about Pizza My Heart .
( And you can't walk around the Bay Area without seeing someone in a Pizza My Heart T - shirt . )
The mini-chain , with about 15 locations in the greater Bay , started in the little coastal town of Capitola in 1981 .
They serve a decent approximation of New York - style pizza in welcoming , faux - surf shop restaurants ; pizza is usually ordered by the slice , and those slices are slid back into the gas oven before they 're served .
This being California , there 's a whole lot of wacky topping going on , some of which is just too much for me — tomato and pesto sauce with tomatoes , ricotta , chicken , sausage , and artichoke ?
The crust is n't thick enough to take it .
I prefer their simpler creations — a slice with Roma tomatoes , thinly shaved red onion , California garlic , and a sprinkle of basil was always my go - to order .
The crust can be a little flat , in taste and in rise , but for an area without a real slice - shop tradition , it 's pretty damn good .
— Carey Jones
Adam's Picks
Thanks ,
Carey !
I 'll add PMH to my to - try list next visit .
But right now I 'll cover a few spots that for me have been tried and true .
I have a number of spots I always end up at when I visit the Bay Area ... and a number of places that are still on my to - try list ( often because I can't seem to tear myself away from my tried - and - true faves ) .
Here , I 'll just blab some from each list .
Tried and True : Emilia 's Pizzeria , Berkeley
I really like Emilia 's Pizzeria in Berkeley , which is doing a sort of New York–Neapolitan or Neapolitan American–style pizza .
I 've written about it a few times on Slice .
If you want to read more , here : " First Look : Some Great Pizza at Emilia 's Pizzeria in Berkeley , California . "
I 'll quote myself :
In this whole pizza moment we 've been experiencing lately it's all Neapolitan - this and artisanal - that .
Freilich , though , is not trying to knock you out with claims of Naples - based authenticity , a fancy - pants imported oven , or ultra-chic interior design .
Instead , the delicious , down - to - earth pizza speaks for itself amid a tiny store that 's more suited for take - out Such unpretentiousness is not to say that Freilich is unconcerned with the ingredients or the thought that go into the pizzas .
Though his menu is not yet set , he 's making his own Italian sausage ( applied in nice , large , loose chunks ) and sourcing cured - meat toppings from San Francisco 's Molinari & Sons salumeria .
He wo n't say where the cheese is from , but he 's using a mixture of both fresh and aged mozzarella , along with just enough Parmigiano - Reggiano freshly grated onto the pies as they come out of the oven .
Emilia 's Pizzeria : 2995 Shattuck Avenue , Berkeley CA 94705 ( at Ashby Avenue ; map ) ; emiliaspizzeria.com
Tried and True : My Other Picks
I was going to recommend a handful of other places , but when I asked L.A. Pizza Maven for his picks and he turned them in , it turned out we 're pretty much in agreement .
Rather than parrot each other , I 'll just let him do the talking below .
Still , I will point out ...
Pizzaiolo : Charlie Hallowell , the pizza - maker / owner of this place in Oakland , spent a number of years at Chez Panisse , picking up the local , sustainable , really good food stuff .
He brings all that to the pizza here .
The cheese he uses on the Margherita is easily the best cheese I 've ever had on a Margherita pizza .
It 's been a few months since I 've had a pizza here , but I can still taste that cheese and feel its buttery smoothness .
Hallowell has since opened a sister pizzeria in Oakland called Boot and Shoe Service ( it 's in the space of a former cobbler ) , which , if food critic Michael Bauer can be believed , sounds as good as Pizzaiolo .
Boot and Shoe Service : 3308 Grand Avenue , Oakland CA ; 510-763-2668 ; bootandshoeservice.com
Charlie Hallowell , the pizza - maker / owner of this place in Oakland , spent a number of years at Chez Panisse , picking up the local , sustainable , really good food stuff .
He brings all that to the pizza here .
The cheese he uses on the Margherita is easily the best cheese I 've ever had on a Margherita pizza .
It 's been a few months since I 've had a pizza here , but I can still taste that cheese and feel its buttery smoothness .
Hallowell has since opened a sister pizzeria in Oakland called ( it 's in the space of a former cobbler ) , which , if food critic Michael Bauer can be believed , sounds as good as Pizzaiolo .
3308 Grand Avenue , Oakland CA ; 510-763-2668 ; bootandshoeservice.com
Pizzeria Delfina : I 've just always had really good pizza here .
Neapolitan - influenced but cooked in a gas - fired oven .
Slice readers report that it can be pretty inconsistent , but I 've always had a good pie there ( at the Mission District location ) .
The place benefits from the whole California " ingredient - driven " menu .
Look for seasonal specials and interesting combinations of toppings .
Pizzeria Picco :
This is my absolute favorite of the wood - fired - oven places in the area .
Yeah , it 's not really " Bay Area , " I guess , since it's up a bit into Marin County north of the city and across the Golden Gate Bridge .
But if you 're visiting SF and decide to cross the bridge and see the beautiful landscape up north , you should stop in Larkspur .
This is my absolute favorite of the wood - fired - oven places in the area .
Yeah , it 's not really " Bay Area , " I guess , since it's up a bit into Marin County north of the city and across the Golden Gate Bridge .
But if you 're visiting SF and decide to cross the bridge and see the beautiful landscape up north , you should stop in Larkspur .
A16 : Here 's the thing ... I think the A16 pizza is adequate .
It 's not going to blow you away , but it 's much better than many of the Neapolitan VPN pizzas I 've had .
Still , there 's one little thing that I LOVE about A16 and that is the HOT CHILE OIL .
It 's served in little jars on the tables , and it elevates any pizza it 's drizzled on .
My To - Try List — at the Top , Pizza Hacker
There are a number of places in the Bay Area I still want to try .
At the top of my list , however , is a place that is not so much a place .
It 's a dude .
A dude with a Weber kettle grill that he 's converted into a portable wood - fired pizza oven .
( He calls it the Franken Weber . )
He shows up on the street with it , cooks pies , and sells them .
Yes , this is Pizza Hacker , who you might have read about here before .
I have heard from my friend and pizza expert Scott Wiener that " the guy is the real deal . "
Our interview with him makes this clear .
Like many street vendors these days , you can find his location on Twitter : @pizzahacker
Others on My To - Try List
Cheeseboard Collective :
It 's a place in Berkeley I 've been advised about since the early days of slice .
Vegetarian .
They have a special pie each day .
You ca n't pick .
You just get the special .
It 's supposed to be good .
Readers ?
1512 Shattuck Avenue , Berkeley CA ; cheeseboardcollective.coop
The Prospector : A VPN - certified Neapolitan pizzeria in Twain Harte , due east of the Bay Area on the edge of Yosemite National Park .
prospectorwines.com
L.A. Pizza Maven's
Take
Because our man in L.A. gets himself to the Bay Area more than I do , I asked " L.A. Pizza Maven " if he'd chime in with his take on the Bay Area / Northern California pizza scene .
Take it away , LAPM !
— The Mgmt .
Over the last 5 years or so , the Bay Area , north , south , east and west , has blossomed like Death Valley after the recent drought ended .
When I lived in San Francisco and Berkeley during the ' 80s , good pizza was a rare commodity .
Great pizza was as hard to find as a righteous man in Sodom .
Harder , even .
But that 's all changed .
And I 'm not ashamed to admit that I can't name an unqualified favorite .
Nevertheless , I 'll try to make some helpful distinctions , starting with my favorites , since that 's probably what you 're most interested in .
My Top 3 Bay Area Pizzerias
Before I tear out the remaining hairs on my head , I 'm going to call Pizzeria Picco in Larkspur , Pizzaiolo in Oakland , and Tony 's Pizza Napoletana of North Beach in San Francisco tied in a photo finish for the region 's best pizza .
I 'll get to those in a bit , but first let me build up to them .
Starting from the bottom up , let 's begin with ...
Howie 's Artisan Pizza
Located in the upscale Town and Country outdoor mall in Palo Alto , which is in the South Bay for nonlocals , Howie 's is helmed by longtime area chef and restaurateur Howard Bulka , and has been open for roughly a year .
I stopped in here early one afternoon , on the way up to San Francisco , but only had time and stomach capacity to order one pie — a sausage pizza .
The fennel sausage was house - made from naturally raised Berkshire pork .
The pie left me smiling .
The ingredients , all produced by small farmers ( most of them barely reaching a height of three and a half feet ) , were fresh and carefully selected ; the crust , baked in a brick - lined gas oven at roughly 650 °F , was nicely charred and blistered .
Frankly , I can't pinpoint what was lacking , but somehow I was n't overwhelmed .
This testifies to my absurdly neurotic standard ( though most Slice readers probably fall into that category ) .
By any sane measure , Howie's is an excellent addition to the California pizza scene , and , perhaps a somewhat intangible point that some of us may appreciate , Howie was there himself , aproned and working on a new sourdough starter .
Howie 's Artisan Pizza : howiesartisanpizza.com
Gialina Pizzeria
Due north in San Francisco is Gialina's , a cozy pizza place in the San Francisco 's Glen Park neighborhood .
I 've eaten here twice — the review is on Slice here — and was impressed both times .
This is where I first encountered nettles — on a pizza , that is .
I 've sampled several pies here , the Atomica ; the wild nettle pizza with pancetta , red onions , and aged provolone ; the sweet Italian sausage , broccoli rabe , and aged provolone pie ; and the potato with applewood - smoked bacon , onions , and gorgonzola .
All these pizzas burst with flavors and imagination .
There are several tasty salads and antipasti , including a pork belly dish that a native Chinese foodie sitting next time claimed was as good as the pork belly from the village he hailed from .
The ambiance at Gialina 's is friendly and inviting , and though it gets crowded , they will take your name and give you a call so you can wait in a nearby bar or stroll around .
My only criticism of the pizza is that , compared to the very best pizzas to be had , the crust lacked somewhat in texture .
For my taste , Gialina 's crust was a bit too brittle , lacking the chewy quality that the finest pizzaioli can coax out of the dough .
Still , if anyone invited me to Gialina 's , I 'd jump .
Gialina : 2842 Diamond Street , San Francisco CA 94131 ( map ) ; 415-239-8500 ; gialina.com
Pizzeria Delfina
Another of the Bay Area 's top pizza destinations is Pizzeria Delfina , also reviewed here on Slice .
Delfina has its rabid followers , guaranteeing a long wait for dinner , but it is definitely worth it .
I 've dined at the original Mission District location and the newer Pacific Heights outpost and had thoroughly satisfying pies at each location .
The Margherita definitely exhibited the characteristic " wet center " of the true Neapolitan pizza style .
That may disappoint those unfamiliar with this increasingly common pizza interpretation .
On my next visit I added sausage to a Margherita and quickly devoured the spicy offering .
The ingredients were top quality and mostly locally sourced , I believe .
The crust , nicely charred and puffy , particularly for a gas oven , did not let down .
Again , for no palpable reason , I have to rate Pizzeria Delfina just below my very favorite Bay Area pies .
Pizzeria Delfina 3611 18th Street , San Francisco CA 94110 ( near Guererro ; map ) ; 415-437-6800 2406 California Street , San Francisco CA 94115 ( Steiner / Fillmore ; map ) ; 415-440-1189
pizzeriadelfina.com
A16
Also in the city , A16 , the first VPN - certified pizza maker in the Bay Area , served me two mouthwatering pies .
The Margherita , perhaps a bit too soupy for my taste , still screamed , " Eat me ! "
The sausage pie lifted me up onto a pizza cloud .
Each bite yielded chunks of spicy , fennel sausage and creamy mozzarella .
This elegant Italian restaurant proved a bit difficult to get into on a Friday night but it is open for lunch , perhaps not everyday though .
A16 : 2355 Chestnut Street , San Francisco CA 94123 ; 415-771-2216 ; a16sf.com
Tony's Pizza Napoletana
I 've had the Margherita with sausage at Tony 's and , after the first bite , I transformed into a type of two - legged primate notably unconcerned with public dining civilities .
The crust achieved the magical crisp and chewy quality that distinguishes the very best pies from the merely very good .
The sausage pie was my only sampling of Tony's , but that may have been because I was overwhelmed by the options .
Gemignani , of Naples award - winning fame , offers pies in a dizzying number of styles , baked in four different types of ovens .
TPN is open for lunch , which sets it apart from most of these other restaurants .
Tony 's Pizza Napoletana : 1570 Stockton Street Union Street , San Francisco CA 94133 ( at Union Street ; map ) ; 415-835-9888 ; tonyspizzanapoletana.com
Pizzeria Picco
Pizzeria Picco , in the North Bay , offers about a dozen pies all named after bicycle manufacturers , reflecting chef - owner Bruce Hill 's passion for cycling .
Hill has a full - service restaurant , Picco , next door to the pizzeria .
Hill 's artisanal philosophy rewards diners with the very best wood - burning oven pizza experience .
Produce , meats , cheeses , and flour are all locally sourced , and apparently the Strauss ice cream he serves is " to die for . "
Hill insisted I return to try it , and now that he 's set to open another pizza restaurant in San Francisco , I 'm sure I 'll take him up on that offer .
The Cannondale , essentially a sausage pie , and the heirloom tomato and pancetta pies stood out for me .
The crust , however , is what really elevates Picco 's pizza to the top of my list .
Pizzeria Picco : 316 Magnolia Avenue , Larkspur CA 94939 ; 415-945-8900 ; pizzeriapicco.com
Pizzaiolo
Lastly , Pizzaiolo in Oakland merits inclusion at the very top o' the pizza heap .
Like the other artisanal pizza - makers here , Charlie Hallowell has created a real jewel on this bourgeiosified stretch of Telegraph Avenue in the East Bay .
Locally sourced ingredients and a wood - burning oven combine in properly trained hands to produce unsurpassed pizzas .
My favorites were the Margherita , with sausage added , and the potato pie .
Like Picco and Tony's , the exceptional crust is the difference - maker .
The perfect leopard - spotting and the puffy blisters truly delivered an eye - opening , taste bud delirium .
What more can a pizza madman ask for ?
Pizzaiolo : 5008 Telegraph Avenue , Oakland CA 94609 ; 510-652-4888 ; pizzaiolooakland.com
So , there it is , my impressions of the Bay Area 's bountiful pizza landscape .
Even more exciting news for Bay Area pizzaphiles is that the legendary Neapolitan - style pizzaman Anthony Mangieri is soon to open his acclaimed Una Pizza Napoletana in SOMA , and Bruce Hill ( Picco ) is opening Zero Zero .
Both should keep locals and visitors alike stuffed with cheesy , saucy , doughy deliciosity .
Ca n't wait to get back up there .
By the way , for those readers who like visuals , check my Slice reviews for photographic evidence of this pizza mother lode in Northern California .
— LA Pizza Maven
We Want Your Intel
Well , there you have it , folks .
Just a little bit of our pizza brain dump in the area .
As I said at top , I know it 's not comprehensive .
It 's more a list to answer the question , " Where 's some good pizza in Northern California / the Bay Area ? "
If we missed your favorite place , have at it in the comments ... or submit it to Slice in the form of a review !
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The Pope 's route will pass by the monument
The mayor of a town in Malta has called for a " phallic " sculpture displayed close to the main airport to be removed ahead of the Pope 's visit this weekend .
Mayor John Schembri described the art work as " vulgar " and " embarrassing " , saying it should go " as a sign of respect " for Pope Benedict XVI .
Colonna Mediterranea was created by artist Paul Vella Critien and has been on show in the town of Luqa since 2006 .
Mr Critien responded by calling his critics " ignorant " and " uneducated " .
Pope Benedict 's route through Malta will involve passing by the roundabout at the entrance to Luqa , where the monument stands .
" The object ... is not the most fitting way in which to greet the Pope , especially by what is considered to be the most Catholic country in the world , " Mr Schembri was quoted by the Times of Malta as saying .
He told the newspaper that the council would again appeal to the government to order the removal of the column .
Mr Critien said his creation was not a phallic symbol but a modern representation of a symbol dating back to ancient Egypt .
He said the Pope " would look at it as a work of art .
[ He ] is not the man in the street " .
The government has said it has no plans to remove the sculpture .
Twitter is preparing to launch several impressive new features , including a new streaming API that will give desktop client applications real - time access to the user 's message timeline .
The new streaming API was announced last week at Twitter 's Chirp conference , where it was made available to conference attendees on - site for some preliminary experimentation .
Twitter opened it up to the broader third - party developer community on Monday so that programmers can begin testing it to offer informed feedback .
This tutorial will show you how to consume and process data from Twitter 's new streaming API .
The code examples , which are written in the Python programming language , demonstrate how to establish a long - lived HTTP connection with PyCurl , buffer the incoming data , and process it to perform the basic message display functions of a Twitter client application .
We will also take a close look at how the new streaming API differs from the existing polling - based REST API .
Understanding the polling model
Twitter client software generally uses a polling method to communicate with the Twitter service .
Applications post and retrieve Twitter messages by sending HTTP requests with certain parameters to specific Twitter URLs .
Twitter 's servers send back XML or JSON responses , which are then parsed and processed by the client application .
This mechanism is based loosely on the concept of Representational State Transfer ( REST ) , though it does not strictly conform with the REST paradigm .
Twitter provides REST endpoints that make virtually all of its functionality accessible to third - party software .
Most Twitter applications that display a message timeline are programmed to request message updates on a configurable interval , typically ranging from two to five minutes .
This polling model fundamentally distinguishes Twitter from instant messaging because it introduces unavoidable latency between when messages are posted and when they are received .
The only way to decrease the latency with Twitter 's current standard API is to reduce the polling interval and request updates more frequently .
That obviously puts a high load on Twitter 's servers and creates scalability challenges .
In order to prevent abuse , Twitter has a rate - limiting mechanism that sets a cap on the number of API requests that a single user can make per hour .
Twitter 's heavy reliance on the polling model poses a bit of a paradox .
One of Twitter 's greatest strengths is timeliness — the site 's front page touts it as a source of " instant information " and a window into what is happening " right now " in the world .
Although Twitter largely delivers on that promise by enabling news and ideas to propagate faster than is generally possible in other mediums , its reliance on the polling model prevents it from facilitating truly real - time messaging .
Overcoming the limitations of polling
Twitter 's new streaming API will make it possible for third - party software to overcome the limitations of polling , giving Twitter a big boost as its emphasis continues to shift toward real - time messaging .
The streaming API allows client applications to establish a persistent connection with Twitter 's servers and constantly receive messages right after they are posted , obviating the need for polling on an interval .
This communication model could be described as " push " messaging .
Handling millions of simultaneous persistent connections comes with its own set of scalability challenges , so Twitter is testing the waters before it proceeds with a full - scale production roll - out .
At this time , the streaming API is still experimental and is not ready to be adopted in applications that are released for general use .
The streaming capacity is limited and the API is still subject to change .
It is being made available with pre-beta status so that developers can begin testing the functionality .
Twitter 's documentation warns that it could change the streaming endpoint arbitrarily and without notice if it thinks it 's being abused .
As the testing progresses , Twitter will begin hammering out a schedule for a beta launch and a full production release .
Although it 's not yet ready for widespread use in client applications , this is a great time to start playing around to see how it works .
A look at the streaming API
Unlike Twitter 's conventional REST API , which supports both JSON and XML , the streaming API offers only JSON output .
JSON , which stands for JavaScript Object Notation , is a simple and elegant format for describing structured data .
The syntax , which is based on JavaScript , is human - readable and very easy to parse .
It 's so simple that the entire grammar can fit on the back of a business card .
To use the streaming API , an application makes a long - lived HTTP request to the streaming endpoint .
Unlike a conventional REST API request , where the connection to the server is terminated after data is received , the streaming API leaves the connection open for as long as possible and will perpetually push new data as it is available .
The data is sent as blobs of JSON that describe messages and events , such as retweets and message deletion .
The structure of the message data that is emitted by the streaming API matches that of the REST API , which means that application developers who are already using the JSON output format can reuse their existing message parsing code .
There are several different techniques that are commonly used in Web programming to achieve push messaging with long - lived HTTP connections .
These techniques are collectively referred to as Comet communication .
It 's important to understand that the Twitter streaming API is designed for true HTTP streaming and is n't intended to be used with other common Comet methods such as long - polling .
In a long - polling scenario , a connection is established and held open until data is received , at which point the connection is terminated and then reestablished in anticipation of more data .
When HTTP streaming is used , the connection just stays open and keeps getting data .
Consuming the streaming API with PyCurl
The easiest way to handle HTTP streaming in Python is to use PyCurl , the Python bindings for the well - known Curl network library .
PyCurl allows you to provide a callback function that will be executed every time a new block of data is available .
The following code is a simple demonstration of HTTP streaming with PyCurl :
import pycurl , json STREAM_URL = " http://chirpstream.twitter.com/2b/user.json "
USER = " segphault " PASS = " XXXXXXXXX " def on_receive ( data ) : print data conn = pycurl .
Curl ( ) conn.setopt( pycurl.USERPWD , " %s : %s " % ( USER , PASS ) ) conn.setopt( pycurl.URL , STREAM_URL ) conn.setopt( pycurl.WRITEFUNCTION , on_receive ) conn.perform ( )
The code example above shows how to instantiate a Curl object , set the URL , provide login credentials , and send the data to a callback function .
The callback function in the example simply echoes the received data to the terminal .
If you put in your own Twitter credentials and run that code in a Python script at the command line , you will see the stream of JSON data transmitted by the Twitter service .
When the connection is idle and there is no other data to send , the streaming API will emit an empty line every 30 seconds .
The empty line is a keep - alive signal that is intended to prevent client applications from timing out and dropping the connection .
PyCurl does n't require any special configuration , but other network libraries might require the user to set a custom timeout duration for idle connections .
You should make sure that it is set to something that is higher than the streaming API 's 30 - second keep - alive interval so that the connection is n't dropped .
Establishing the connection and receiving the data is clearly easy , but processing it is a bit more complex .
The blocks that are sent to the callback function are each less than 1500 bytes .
If a JSON object from Twitter exceeds the size of the block of data that is sent to the callback , then we have to do some buffering in order to ensure that we get the complete object .
The JSON parser will choke if you try to pass it a partial structure .
At the end of every complete JSON object , the Twitter streaming API outputs a carriage return , which we can use to determine if we have a full object .
Every time we receive a block , we append it to a buffer string and then check to see if it has the carriage return at the end .
If it does , then we can assume that the buffer string contains a complete JSON object , which can be handed off to the JSON parser and then processed .
After we parse the JSON in the buffer string , we clear the buffer so that it can start collecting new data .
Simone de Beauvoir ’s The Second Sex is the most important feminist book ever written , and yet English readers have never known precisely what it says .
The 1953 English translation of the book by H. M. Parshley , which cemented its international reputation , was an abridged version , with cuts made at the insistence of its American publisher , Alfred Knopf .
As feminists often note derisively , Parshley was a zoologist who lacked grounding in the existentialist philosophy that gave de Beauvoir much of her vocabulary .
But until now , his translation has been the standard one , and no complete English version of The Second Sex has existed .
So the arrival of Constance Borde and Sheila Malovany - Chevallier ’s new , unedited edition , which comes out just over sixty years after the book ’s first appearance in France , is an important literary event .
Yet it adds a bit less to our understanding of de Beauvoir ’s ideas than one might think .
In fact , reading it suggests that Parshley deserves more credit than he ’s previously been given .
This new Second Sex is less a revelation than a reminder of the messy , headlong brilliance revealed in the previous English edition .
On a word - for - word level , it might be more exact , but it is , if anything , less lucid .
The new edition has already drawn withering criticism from some de Beauvoir scholars .
“ The best I can say about the new translation of The Second Sex is that it is unabridged , that some of the philosophical vocabulary is more consistent than in Parshley ’s version , and that some sections …are better than others , ” Toril Moi , author of Simone de Beauvoir : The Making of an Intellectual Woman , wrote in the London Review of Books in February .
The new translators are American women who spent decades teaching English at France ’s Institut d’Etudes Politiques ; like Parshley , their background is n’t in philosophy .
By all accounts , they attempted to be scrupulously faithful to de Beauvoir ’s words , but the result , wrote Moi , “ is what Nabokov , a great champion of literal translation , called ‘ false literalism ’ ( as opposed to ‘ absolute accuracy ’ ) .
The obsessive literalism and countless errors make it no more reliable , and far less readable than Parshley . ”
Moi is not alone in her estimation ; in a letter published the next month , Nancy Bauer , a Tufts philosophy professor who the translators consulted for help , faulted their work for an awkwardness “ so pervasive that it makes reading the text painful on pretty much every page . ”
Yet if the prose is often clunky , it does n’t obscure the astonishing scope and insight of the book itself .
Despite its flaws , this new and complete version gives us a valuable opportunity to revisit a canonical work that prefigured so many of the famous feminist texts that came after it .
The Second Sex was de Beauvoir ’s exhaustive effort to grapple with the strange predicaments that being a woman creates for a human being .
The dilemmas she analyzed continue to obsess and sometimes torment modern women — the conflicts between meaningful work and maternity , the temptations of dependence , the painful artifices conventional femininity requires .
Her work anticipates both second wave feminism and the reaction to it .
“ [ T ] he independent woman today is divided between her professional interests and the concerns of her sexual vocation ; she has trouble finding her balance ; if she does , it is at the price of concessions , sacrifices and juggling that keep her in constant tension , ” she wrote , words that are no less true all these decades later .
De Beauvoir ’s fundamental insight , which is now such conventional wisdom that it barely seems like an insight at all , is that throughout recorded history , humanity has been understood as male , with women situated as inessential others .
Man is subject , women is object .
This asymmetry , de Beauvoir argued , frustrates women ’s dreams , deforms their psyches , and alienates them from themselves , while also dooming attempts to form reciprocal , loving relationships with men .
“ History has shown that men have always held all the concrete powers ; from patriarchy ’s earliest times they have deemed it useful to keep woman in a state of dependence ; their codes were set up against her ; she was thus concretely established as the Other , ” she wrote .
Yet while de Beauvoir saw this situation as nearly universal , she did n’t see it as natural .
Rather , it was the result of patterns of culture and socialization that emerged from the material circumstances of human history , patterns subject to transformation .
As she famously wrote in Parshley ’s translation , “ One is not born , but rather becomes , a woman . ”
( In the new edition , that line is rendered as “ One is not born , but rather becomes , woman , ” which is less elegant without being more accurate ) .
When The Second Sex was first published in the United States , Elizabeth Hardwick , writing in the Partisan Review , called it “ madly sensible and brilliantly confused . ”
That judgment still holds up .
It ’s a huge , often repetitive behemoth of a book , and its treatment of womanhood is alternately absurdly exhaustive and narrow .
De Beauvoir galloped widely , and sometimes wildly , across history and disciplines — the original choice of a zoologist for a translator makes more sense when one encounters her opening section on sexual differentiation in insects , birds , and mammals .
But her understanding of humanity can be strikingly narrow , as if extrapolated entirely from the lives of middle - class Western intellectuals .
There ’s sometimes an audacious recklessness to her generalizations , particularly when it comes to motherhood , a state she regards with barely disguised horror .
“ A mother must have a rare mixture of generosity and detachment to find enrichment in her children ’s lives without becoming a tyrant or turning them into her tormentors , ” she wrote , a line which says more about her own life than about the human condition .
Each reader ’s own experience will determine which parts of The Second Sex feel shockingly perceptive , and which wrongheaded .
As a committed existentialist , de Beauvoir saw the freedom to create one ’s own life , to define one ’s own values and choose one ’s own projects , as essential to human dignity .
Denied such freedom , women are reduced to slavery or vassalage , even if they do n’t know it .
Because de Beauvoir hated the way society molded women , some passages in The Second Sex seem almost misogynist .
“ [ T ] he woman has been assigned the role of parasite : all parasites are necessarily exploiters ; she needs the male to acquire human dignity , to eat , to feel pleasure , to procreate ; she uses the service of sex to ensure her benefits , ” she wrote .
But this is not a criticism of anything essential about women — rather , it ’s an indictment of the male society that deforms them .
De Beauvoir wrote , “ Many of the faults for which they are reproached — mediocrity , meanness , shyness , pettiness , laziness , frivolity , and servility — simply express the fact that the horizon is blocked for them . ”
De Beauvoir did n’t deny basic biological and even erotic differences between men and women , nor dream of an androgynous culture .
“ Man is a sexed human being ; woman is a complete individual , and equal to the male , only if she too is a sexed human being .
Renouncing her femininity means renouncing part of her humanity , ” she argued .
She never figured out precisely how to combine difference and equality , though no one else has , either .
We ’re all still struggling with the problems she illuminated .
Two recent videos make a clear cut case for media reform in the digital age , and should be fixtures on the virtual shelf of anyone interested in the issue .
They cut through the misinformation , astroturf and name calling being churned out by the phone and cable lobby , explain how we got here , and what we need to do next .
If you 're still on the fence about Net Neutrality , watch them .
8 Wonders of the Solar System , Made Interactive
What might future explorers of the solar system see ?
Find out by taking an interactive tour through the eyes of Hugo Award - winning artist Ron Miller .
Text and narration by Ed Bell
US President Barack Obama used his traditional radio address Saturday to showcase his administration ’s legislative achievements , arguing the country has made steps toward restoring its economic security .
“ This was a momentous week for America , ” the president said .
“ It was a week in which together , we took bold new steps toward restoring economic security for our middle class and rebuilding a stronger foundation for our future . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On Tuesday , Obama signed into law a health care reform bill that extends medical coverage to an estimated 32 million Americans who currently lack it and bans insurance company abuses as well as mandating that all US citizens buy insurance or face fines .
Later in the week , Congress gave its final approval to legislation that will reform the US student loan system and , according to the president , will save the taxpayers 68 billion dollars over the next decade .
“ And with this legislation , we ’re putting that money to use achieving a goal I set for America : by the end of this decade , we will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world , ” Obama said .
The president said that these achievements did not represent the end of challenges facing American society , and the country still had a lot of work to do .
“ But what they do represent is real and major reform , ” he pointed out .
“ What they show is that we ’re a nation still capable of doing big things .
What they prove is what ’s possible when we can come together to overcome the politics of the moment ; push back on the special interests ; and look beyond the next election to do what ’s right for the next generation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was published to the Web by the White House on March 27 , 2010 .
With AFP .
Women have something they ’ve been meaning to get off their chests for a while now : their gigantic fake boobs .
Like Sharon Osbourne , who just yesterday declared she ’s had enough of her 34DDs .
She will undergo surgery in July to remove her implants — and turn them into paperweights , which she ’ll give to her husband , rocker Ozzy Osbourne .
“ They ’re better on his desk than on my chest , ” Osbourne , 57 , told Matt Lauer on the “ Today ” show .
“ They ’re awful ! ”
Yes , the human Barbie doll look may finally be on the way out , thanks in part to a handful of terrible role models .
Cases in point : Heidi Montag , star of “ The Hills , ” who has now injected her chest with so much silicone that she ’s not medically allowed to make it any bigger — or Amy Winehouse , rushed to the hospital last week because of complications from her implants .
Now , even Hollywood is starting to actively prohibit implants ( and when the film industry deems something too fake , you know it ’s bad ) .
Recently , a casting notice seeking extras for the fourth installment of “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” specified that actresses “ must have real breasts .
Do not submit if you have implants . ”
It went on to explain that there would be a “ show and tell ” boob - veracity test that involved , among other things , running .
PHOTOS : HOLLYWOOD ” S MOST FAMOUS BUSTS
“ I think the ‘ Pirates ’ story is indicative of a larger trend in Hollywood , ” says one female casting agent who ’s been working on movies and TV shows for nearly two decades .
She asked to remain anonymous .
“ Large implants , in my opinion , take the projects and the actors to a sleazier level , ” she says .
“ They become a joke . ”
“ I do see a trend of bodies going more natural , ” agrees agent Megan Foley , who has cast more than 3,000 commercials and , most recently , a James Brolin film .
“ About 10 years ago , I worked on ‘ Blow ’ with Ted Demme , and [ no implants ] was the main requirement for the girls .
And trust me , back then , it was a tall order ! ”
Danny
Roth is another casting agent on the no - boob - job bandwagon .
One of his latest films , “ Open House , ” opens at Tribeca next week , featuring an “ implant - free ” cast including Anna Paquin , Rachel Blanchard and Tricia Helfer ( best known as the hot blonde from “ Battlestar Galactica ” ) .
“ If you ’re talented , let your talent speak for you , ” says Roth , who has offices in New York and LA .
“ Rachel , our lead , has definitely relied just on talent , ” he says .
“ She ’s not well - endowed .
“ Personally , ” Roth adds , “ I think implants are indicative of something else , potentially .
Insecurity , or that they ’re taking advice from people they should n’t be taking advice from . ”
While boob jobs have enjoyed a long heyday — the American Society of Plastic Surgeons reports the number of breast augmentations in the US increased 657 percent from 1992 to 2003 — their numbers are slowing .
The American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery reported an 11 percent drop in breast augmentations from 2007 to 2008 , and a further 2 percent drop in 2009 .
In 2008 , there were 355,671 boob jobs performed in the US — but there were also 40,000 implant removals .
When it comes to the entertainment industry , any woman with designs on being taken seriously as an actress should take a close look at the silhouettes of today ’s A - list gals : Zoe Saldana , who ’s openly described herself as “ flat - chested . ”
Natalie Portman , who has said that “ breast implants gross me out .
I do n’t think they ’re attractive at all . ”
Keira Knightley , star of the first three “ Pirates ” movies , who has talked about having cleavage painted on for her roles rather than go under the knife .
Olivia Wilde , Kristen Bell , Sienna Miller , Emily Blunt , Anne Hathaway , Michelle Williams . . . the list of small - cup beauties goes on .
Of course , there are the busty actresses who opt to stay that way — but their chests do n’t look like molded plastic .
“ Kate Winslet , who has not had implants but does have larger breasts than most , can be identified with [ by most women ] while doing love scenes , ” says the anonymous casting agent .
“ You can see they do n’t stand up straight while she ’s lying down ! ”
Adult - film star Sasha Grey , who knows a thing or two about acting while lying down , says she ’s never been tempted to jack up the size of her 32B chest .
“ I ’ve seen enough bad implants to never want a pair myself , ” says Grey .
“ I ’m very confident with the body I have . ”
Grey , who ’s also modeled for the American Apparel chain , credits the Internet — that bastion of pornography — for making it possible for natural - breasted actresses to thrive .
“ We [ now ] see a healthy balance of tastes , not just an overabundance of augmented breasts , ” she says .
Flash back two decades , when it was the flat - chested girls who were getting laughed out of casting rooms .
One early ’90s episode of MTV’s “ House of Style ” features designer Betsey Johnson crowing about her new boob job : “ This year in the fashion industry , ” she says , “ if you ’re a woman without tits , you do n’t work ! ”
Starting in the late ’ 80s , big boobs were the big thing — and surgery was the fast ( if pricey ) way to get them .
On “ Baywatch , ” Pamela Anderson became the mascot for the breast - implant industry , with female co-stars like Carmen Electra following close behind .
In 1995 , Jenny McCarthy and her fake breasts were the three stars of the hot MTV show “ Singled Out . ”
But McCarthy eventually wrote a tell - all about the horrors of that boob job , and even Anderson has fallen from grace .
The blond bombshell reportedly downsized hers , but she remains the negative role model for many women today .
As a spokesperson for Wilhelmina , a major NYC - based modeling agency , told The Post , “ Do we take women with Pamela Anderson boobs ?
Nope . ”
Still , the allure of surgical perfection will always beckon .
Just last week , Page Six reported that Kate Hudson , long known for her relative flat - chestedness , was rumored to have added brand - new implants .
Tellingly , she made a comment two years ago about her own image on the poster for her movie “ Fool ’s Gold . ”
“ They are so not my boobs — they look too perfect , ” she said at the time .
“ Seriously , if I ever wanted to have them done , I ’d take this poster to the doctor and say , ‘ This is what I want them to look like . ’ ”
It could be that Hudson , like many actresses before her , finally succumbed to temptation .
In a surprising and welcome turnaround , The Hill reports that Harry Reid is rejecting the Baucus bipartisan jobs bill .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) is rewriting a jobs bill after Democrats complained of too many concessions to Republicans .
Reid announced Thursday that he would cut back on the jobs bill Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont . ) introduced only hours earlier , essentially overruling the powerful chairman ....
Baucus had stuffed the bill with many provisions that Democratic senators thought went beyond the goal of creating jobs , such as $ 31 billion in extensions to expiring tax provisions , including the research and development tax credit .
That and other tax cuts were included to win GOP votes ....
Democrats complained the bill did not focus enough on job creation .
" I would prefer a jobs bill that simply focused on job - creating initiatives , this bill has become something more than that , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) , who led early negotiations to produce a jobs bill , said before the meeting .
" Maybe that ’s what has to be done in order to get some bipartisan support . "
Reid said he decided to rewrite the legislation to send a clear message to people struggling financially in the midst of the biggest national recession since the Great Depression .
" The message is so watered - down with people wanting other things in this big package , " said Reid .
How novel , focusing a jobs bill on job - creating initiatives .
In addition to the tax extenders , the Baucus bill had " a short - term extension of the USA PATRIOT Act , flood insurance provisions , Small Business Administration loan provisions , and a $ 1.5 billion package of agriculture disaster relief provisions . "
Good show , Reid and Senate Dems .
The bill might have to be done through reconciliation , but if Dems have to bring jobs to America on their own , so be it .
Update : Senate staff e-mails the provisions that will be included in the narrow - focused bill :
Ø Schumer - Hatch Jobs Payroll Tax Exemption : offers an exemption from social security payroll taxes for every worker hired in 2010 that has been unemployed for at least 60 days .
There would also be an additional $ 1,000 income tax credit for every new employee retained for 52 weeks to be taken on the employer ’s 2011 income tax return .
Ø Section 179 Expensing : helps small businesses grow by allowing them to write off more of their expenditures Ø Highway Trust Fund Extension : extends existing highway programs which provide states and localities with the certainty they need to make decisions on projects .
It allows for billions more to be invested in infrastructure throughout the nation and saves one million jobs Ø Expanding Build America Bonds : which allow state and local governments to borrow at lower costs to finance more infrastructure projects and put people to work .
More spending is needed , and will probably have to be passed again in the not - too - distant future .
But at least this wo n't be larded up with tax giveaways for the wealthy .
A separate unemployment insurance / COBRA subsidy extensions bill will be taken up the week of the 22nd , after recess .
BP , the global oil giant responsible for the fast - spreading spill in the Gulf of Mexico that will soon make landfall , is no stranger to major accidents .
In fact , the company has found itself at the center of several of the nation 's worst oil and gas–related disasters in the last five years .
In March 2005 , a massive explosion ripped through a tower at BP 's refinery in Texas City , Texas , killing 15 workers and injuring 170 others .
Investigators later determined that the company had ignored its own protocols on operating the tower , which was filled with gasoline , and that a warning system had been disabled .
The company pleaded guilty to federal felony charges and was fined more than $ 50 million by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
Almost a year after the refinery explosion , technicians discovered that some 4,800 barrels of oil had spread into the Alaskan snow through a tiny hole in the company 's pipeline in Prudhoe Bay .
BP had been warned to check the pipeline in 2002 , but had n't , according to a report in Fortune .
When it did inspect it , four years later , it found that a six - mile length of pipeline was corroded .
The company temporarily shut down its operations in Prudhoe Bay , causing one of the largest disruptions in U.S. oil supply in recent history .
BP faced $ 12 million in fines for a misdemeanor violation of the federal Water Pollution Control Act .
A congressional committee determined that BP had ignored opportunities to prevent the spill and that " draconian " cost - saving measures had led to shortcuts in its operation .
Other problems followed .
There were more spills in Alaska .
And BP was charged with manipulating the market price of propane .
In that case , it settled with the U.S. Department of Justice and agreed to pay more than $ 300 million in fines .
At each step along the way , the company 's executives were contrite .
" This was a preventable incident .
...
It should be seen as a process failure , a cultural failure and a management failure , " John Mogford , then BP 's senior group vice president for safety and operations , said in an April 2006 speech about the lessons learned in Texas City .
" It 's not an easy story to tell .
BP does n't come out of it well . "
In a 2006 interview with this reporter after the Prudhoe Bay spill , published in Fortune , BP 's chief executive of American operations , Robert Malone , said , " There is no doubt in my mind , what happened may not have broken the law , but it broke our values . "
Malone insisted at the time that there was no pattern of mismanagement that increased environmental risk .
" I cannot draw a systemic problem in BP America , " he said .
" What I 've seen is refineries and facilities and plants that are operating to the highest level of safety and integrity standards . "
Nonetheless , Malone , who spent three decades at BP and was promoted to the CEO of BP America shortly after the Texas refinery blast , promised to increase scrutiny over BP 's operations and invest in environmental and safety measures .
He told Congress that it was imperative BP management learn from its mistakes .
" The public 's faith has been tested recently , " he said .
" We have fallen short of the high standards we hold for ourselves and the expectations that others have for us . "
Time will tell whether the accident that killed 11 workers and sent the Transocean Deepwater Horizon drilling rig -- a $ 500 million platform as wide as a football field -- sinking to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico was simply an accident or something else .
Malone , who retired last year , declined to comment for this article .
A spokesman for BP was not available for comment .
Families of workers who died in the accident have already filed lawsuits accusing BP of negligence .
Congress , as well as the Minerals and Management Service , the federal agency that regulates drilling in the Gulf , were already separately investigating allegations that BP has failed to keep proper documents about how to perform an emergency shutdown of the Atlantis , another Gulf oil platform and one of the largest in the world .
There are also indications that BP and Transocean , the owner of the Deepwater Horizon rig that burned and sank , could have used backup safety gear -- a remote acoustic switch that would stanch the flow of oil from a leaking well 5,000 feet underwater -- to prevent the massive spill now floating like a slow - motion train wreck toward the Mississippi and Louisiana coastline .
The switch is n't required under U.S. law , but is well - known in the industry and mandated in other parts of the world where BP operates .
In the year before the accident , BP once again aggressively cut costs .
A reorganization stripped 5,000 jobs from its payroll , saving BP more than $ 4 billion in operating costs , according to a report sent to ProPublica by Fadel Gheit , an investment analyst for Oppenheimer .
On April 27 , as the U.S. Coast Guard worked with BP engineers to guide remote control submarines nearly a mile underwater in a futile effort to close a shut - off valve , BP told investors that its quarterly earnings were up more than 100 percent over the last year , beating expectations by a large margin .
After underperforming its competition throughout the last decade , Gheit wrote , BP was the only major oil company to perform better than the S&P 500 last year .
OK this is serious .
It ’s been bubbling along for quite a while now but it looks like the Government and Federal Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Conroy are pretty committed to filtering the internet to prevent any material that is ‘ refused classification ’ from being accessed in Australia .
Why am I against this ?
I think it ’s being driven by ideology rather than common sense
The kind of material that it purports to protect us from is n’t out in the open anyway
The onus should be on parents to educate and protect their children while using the internet
The list of banned sites will be kept a secret
The possiblity for false banning of sites is too high and has already happened ( and with a secret list , who will know ? )
The filters wo n’t be effective at blocking inappropriate content in social media sites like Twitter , YouTube or Facebook not to mention peer to peer systems like BitTorrent
There are already options for parents to protect their families
There has been low uptake in the past when the government offered free filtering software ( installed locally on home PCs ) so why would mandatory filtering for the entire populated be warranted ?
This is not about porn , do n’t be distracted by that silly Operation TitStorm that just makes filter objectionists look like porn obsessed nutjobs .
It ’s about wasting government resources trying to reduce available content on the internet to the lowest common denominator .
So if you think it sounds like a bad idea too , head over to http://openinternet.com.au/ to find out more about what you can do .
But in a nutshell :
Contact your local Member of Parliament , but read this guide on how to write a great letter first .
Sign the petition
Update :
See follow - up post for more information if you ’re interested .
The first expansion to the critically acclaimed RPG of 2009 , Dragon Age : Origins Awakening is now available in North America !
NREL 's Solar Energy Research Facility is the site of experiments using lasers to probe the light - emitting properties of gallium indium phosphide alloys for making light - emitting diodes .
Credit : NREL file photo
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Light bulbs that last 100 years and fill rooms with brilliant ambiance may become a reality sooner rather than later , thanks to a National Renewable Energy Laboratory discovery .
NREL scientists found a way to generate a tricky combination of green and red that may just prove to be the biggest boost for illumination since Edison 's light bulb .
Green is n't just a symbol of environmentalism , it is a real color , and a desperately needed one for researchers looking for a way to light homes , streets and buildings at a fraction of today 's costs .
LEDs — light - emitting diodes — are the promise of the future because unlike tungsten bulbs or compact fluorescent bulbs , they deliver most of their energy as light , rather than heat .
An extra plus is that they do n't contain dangerous mercury .
The era of LEDs is fast approaching .
The U.S. Department of Energy expects to phase out tungsten bulbs in four years and compact - fluorescents in 10 years .
That will leave LEDs with virtually 100 percent of the market .
To make an LED that appears white , researchers minimally need the colors red , green and blue .
The white light from the sun is really all the colors of the rainbow .
Without at least red , blue and green from the spectrum , no lighting device will be practical for home or office use .
Red proved easy to generate , and about 15 years ago , Japanese scientists found a way to generate blue , thus providing two of the key colors from the spectrum of white light .
But green has been elusive .
In fact , the $ 10 LEDs that people can buy now are made to look white by aiming the blue light at a phosphor , which then emits green .
It works OK , but the clunky process saps a big chunk of the efficiency from the light .
NREL Jumps into LED Research via Solar Cells
Along came NREL , a world leader in designing solar cells , but a neophyte in the lighting realm .
NREL scientist Angelo Mascarenhas , who holds patents in solar - cell technology , realized that an LED is just the reverse of a solar cell .
One takes electricity and turns it into light ; the other takes sunlight and turns it into electricity .
" We 'd been working with solar cells for 30 years , " Mascarenhas said .
" Could we find some device where we could just reverse the process of making solar cells ? "
Indeed , Mascarenhas found it .
NREL had won major scientific awards with its inverted metamorphic solar cells , in which the cells are built by combining layers of different lattice sizes to optimally capture solar energy .
In fact , an NREL - produced IMM cell set a world record by converting 40 percent of absorbed sunlight into electricity .
Along the way , " We had already developed some of the know - how to capture sunlight in this green spectral region , " Mascarenhas said .
They had n't reached there , because solar cells do n't need a green , but they had begun to understand the challenges of getting to a green .
NREL Senior Scientist Brian Flugel adjusts mirrors to set up an experiment aimed at testing the quality of a green LED .
Credit : Bill Scanlon
Solving a Decade - Old Conundrum
For a decade , LED researchers had tried and failed to make a reliable efficient green light by putting indium into gallium nitride .
" All signs indicated an impasse , " Mascarenhas said .
" When you come across an impasse , you do n't just bang your head against the wall .
You end up breaking your head , not the wall .
" Instead , you move away from the wall , you find a different path . "
He and his fellow solar - cell researchers had dealt with the same problem trying to build a solar cell with gallium indium nitride .
The problem with trying to make a green on gallium nitride is that the indium phase separates and cracks .
When the lattices created by molecular gases do n't match up with the lattices of the layer below , " It ca n't grow well and the efficiency is very , very poor , " Mascarenhas said .
NREL 's solar cell experts found a way around that .
They put in some extra layers that gradually bridge the gap between the mismatched lattices of the cell layers .
" The approach is to grow a different material with an in - between lattice , " Mascarenhas said .
The researchers deposited layers that had lattice patterns of atoms close to , but not exactly matching , the layers below .
The tiny gap in size was at the so - called " elastic limit " of the material — close enough that the lattices bonded to each other and impurities were deflected away .
Then , add a third layer , this one again at the precise " elastic limit " of the one below .
After about seven microns of layering , the result is a solar cell with a firm bond and almost no impurities .
Why not try that same process , only in reverse , to make a reliable deep - green LED using gallium nitride and indium ?
A Deep Green on the Very First Try
Astonishingly , once the concept was understood , Mascarenhas 's team produced a radiant deep green on their very first try — without any money backing the effort .
The aim now is to provide a fourth color to make that white light even whiter .
NREL plans to use a slightly deeper red and a lemony green , which would then be combined with a blue and a very deep green made using the gallium nitride based technology .
In three years , NREL should have a bi-colored device that when teamed with blue and deep green can produce a sterling LED with a color - rendering index well over 90 , Mascarenhas said .
" It will give you one of the finest color - rendering white lights " and the manufacturing costs should n't increase , he said .
" We have a patent on a device that will provide these two colors , as one unit , to industry , " Mascarenhas said .
" They will arrange them like the mosaic in a fly 's eye — our units side by side with the blue and deep green combination , alternating in a pattern . "
" From afar , it will look like white .
You wo n't be able to see the individual colors of the mosaic structure . "
" We have full confidence that this is achievable , " Mascarenhas said .
" The technical things will be solved , " he said .
" This is practical science , not pie - in - the - sky science . "
The resulting white light LED will be intelligent .
" We 'll be able to electronically control the hue of the lamp , " he said .
" We can vary the combination of intensities of these four colors on an electronic circuit .
By slightly increasing the blue , we can make it more suitable for daylight .
By turning down the blue and increasing the reddish yellow , we can make it softer , more suitable for night .
We can smoothly control the hue throughout the day like nobody has imagined . "
And , by the way , the move toward all LEDs all the time will save some $ 120 billion in electricity between now and 2030 , the Department of Energy forecasts .
Not to mention tens of millions of tons of greenhouse gases .
" This is reality , " Mascarenhas said .
" This is going to happen . "
Provided by National Renewable Energy Laboratory
Upgrading applications is good sport and all , but everyone knows that greenfielding is where the real fun is .
At least , I love greenfielding stuff a lot more than dealing with old ghetto cruft that has 1,900 test failures ( and 300 errors ) , 20,000 line controllers , and code that I ’m pretty sure is actually a demon - brand of PHP .
Building a totally new app in Rails 3 is relatively simple ( especially if you ’ve done it in previous Rails versions ) , but there a few changes that can trip you up .
In the interest of not missing a step someone may need , this post is a simple walkthrough of building a new app with Rails 3 .
I would have simply posted about the Rails 3 version of the Getting Started guide , but it ’s actually a bit out of date now .
I ’ve committed each step in its own commit on Github so you can step through it ( the repository is here : http://github.com/jm/rails3_blog)
An aside : Installing the Rails 3 beta
Installing the Rails 3 beta can be sort of tricky since there are dependencies , it ’s a prerelease gem , and RubyGems basically poops the bed when those two scenarios collide .
Hopefully that ’ll be fixed soon , but the mean time , install Rails ’ dependencies like so :
gem install rails3b gem install arel -- pre # or if that gives you hassle ... gem install i18n tzinfo builder memcache - client rack \ rack - test rack - mount erubis mail text - format thor bundler
Once all those lovely gems are installed ( add -- no - ri and - - no - rdoc if you want to skip those / speed up your install ) , then install the prerelease version of Rails :
gem install rails -- pre
Now you ’re ready to roll on with the Rails beta !
Using the new generator
The application generator is basically the same with two key differences :
The parameter that was formerly the app name is now the app path .
You can still give it a “ name , ” and it will create the folder like normal .
But you can also give it a full path ( e.g. , ~ code / my_application rather than just my_application ) and it will create the application there .
rather than just ) and it will create the application there .
All parameters for the generator must go after the app path .
So , previously one could do rails -d mysql test_app , but now that has to be rails test_app -d mysql .
This change is largely due to the major refactoring of the Rails generators , so even though it ’s somewhat of a temporary annoyance , it ’s definitely worth it for the flexibility and power that the new generators bring ( more on that soon ) .
So , let ’s generate a blog application ( really original , I know , right ? ) :
rails rails3_blog -d mysql
If you get an error like “ no value provided for required arguments ‘ app_path ’ ” , then you ’ve gotten your parameters out of order .
If you ’d like to use another database driver , you can provide postgresql or sqlite ( or nothing , since sqlite is the default ) .
You ’ll see a lot of text scroll by , and now we have a nice , fresh Rails 3 application to play with [ 4b6b763ac9378c6cde95b0815d2a4c2619a0e403 ] .
Let ’s crank up the server ( note that it ’s different now ! ) …
rails server
Rails went the “ Merb way ” and has consolidated its many script /* commands into the rails binscript .
So things like generate , server , plugin , etc. are now rails generate and so on .
Once the server ’s booted , navigate over to http://localhost:3000
and you should see a familiar friend :
Click on “ About your application ’s environment ” to see more information about the app you ’ve generated .
Configuring an app
Now comes the task of configuration .
Again , not a whole ton of changes from previous versions , but navigating them can trip up the novice and journey ( wo ) man alike .
First , setup all your database settings in database .
yml ; it ’s just like previous versions of Rails , so no surprises there ( and plenty of information abounds if you ’re new to it ) .
Next , pop open config/ application.rb .
This is where much of the configuration information that once lived in config / environment.rb now lives .
The portion you probably want to pay attention to most when making a new application is the block that defines your options for ORM , template engine , etc .
Here ’s the default :
config.generators do |g| g.orm :active_record g.template_engine :erb g.test_framework : test_unit , : fixture => true end
I ’m going to stick with the defaults , but you could substitute in something like : datamapper or : sequel for :active_record , : haml for :erb , or : rspec for : test_unit ( once they get it working with Rails 3 ) .
Doing so will set the generators for models , views , etc. to use your tool of choice ( remember that whole technology agnosticism thing ? ) ;
I do n’t know if all these generators are available yet , but there are some available here .
The config / application.rb file also houses some configuration for other things .
If you need to configure internationalization , it ’s been moved to application.rb .
Rails 3 comes equipped with a really powerful i18n toolkit ; if you have n’t seen it , you can learn a little more about it here .
The defaults that Rails sets up will work for most people ( default locale is en and all translations in the default directory are automatically imported ) , so you may not need to touch anything , but if you need to customize , this is the place to do it .
. Rails 3 comes equipped with a really powerful i18n toolkit ; if you have n’t seen it , you can learn a little more about it here .
The defaults that Rails sets up will work for most people ( default locale is and all translations in the default directory are automatically imported ) , so you may not need to touch anything , but if you need to customize , this is the place to do it .
You may want to set a default timezone .
I usually stick with UTC since it ’s easy to convert on a per-user basis to their desired timezone , but you might want to set it your timezone or the server ’s timezone .
Your favorite old haunts from config / environment.rb such as config.
plugins , config.load_paths , etc. are still there ( even though config. gems is not ) .
Other configuration bits like custom inflections , mime types , and so on have been moved out into their own initializers that you can find under config / initializers .
[ b613cef6f92ff7d3304da84dba530196ba51371d ]
The last big piece of configuration you ’ll need to add is a Gemfile for bundler ( get more information on Gemfiles and bundler here and here ) .
We already have a basic Gemfile that has the following :
# Edit this Gemfile to bundle your application 's dependencies .
source ' http://gemcutter.org' gem " rails " , " 3.0.0.beta " ##
Bundle edge rails : # gem " rails " , : git => " git://github.com/rails/rails.git " gem " mysql " ##
Bundle the gems you use : # gem " bj " # gem " hpricot " , " 0.6 " # gem " sqlite3-ruby " , : require => " sqlite3 " # gem " aws- s3 " , : require => " aws/s3 " ##
Bundle gems used only in certain environments : # gem " rspec " , : group => : test # group : test do # gem " webrat " # end
Notice that it has added mysql as a dependency since that ’s what we set as the database ( or whatever driver you selected , for example , pg or sqlite ) .
Since I want to write blog entries in Markdown , I ’m going to add rdiscount as a dependency .
To do so , I simply have to add this :
gem " rdiscount "
As I ’ve said before , bundler is much more powerful than config.gem , and one of the great features it adds is the concept of a gem “ group . ”
For example , let ’s say I want to use mocha , but only when testing ( obviously ) .
You would add this to your Gemfile :
group : test do gem " mocha " end
Now this gem will only be added in when testing .
This will also be useful for production only gems related to caching and what not .
[ 598652fa49634eaa9d23ab8df652faf73dfd07f4 ]
Next , run bundle pack if you want to vendor everything or bundle install to install the gems to system gems .
After you ’ve combed through this stuff and set whatever you need , you ’re done configuring your application .
Now on to actually building something .
Building it out
So , we ’re going to build a very simple blog ( and expand it later ) .
First , let ’s generate a scaffold for posts , since that ’ll generate a lot of boilerplate code that we ’ll go back and tweak :
rails generate scaffold post title : string body : text invoke active_record create db / migrate / 20100202054755_create_posts.rb create app/models/post.rb invoke test_unit create test/unit/post_test.rb create test/ fixtures/posts.yml route resources : posts invoke scaffold_controller create app/controllers/posts_controller.rb invoke erb create app/ views / posts create app/ views / posts/index.html.erb create app/views/posts/edit.html.erb
create app/views/posts/show.html.erb
create app/views/posts/new.html.erb
create app/views/posts/_form.html.erb
create app/views/layouts/posts.html.erb invoke test_unit create test / functional/posts_controller_test.rb invoke helper create app / helpers/posts_helper.rb invoke test_unit create test/unit/helpers/posts_helper_test.rb invoke stylesheets create public / stylesheets/scaffold.css
Next , run rake db: migrate to create the database table for Post .
Now if you go to http://localhost:3000/posts , you should see the standard scaffold interface .
[ 8f27fe53282de70343afadaedd583ecc279d535d ]
Let ’s a take a look at the controller code ; you ’ll see a lot of actions that look sort of like this :
def show @post = Post. find ( params [ : id ] ) respond_to do |format| format.html # show.html.erb format.xml { render : xml => @post } end end
That ’s some clean code , but in Rails 3 , we can compress down even further with the Responder .
This class wraps very common rendering logic up into some really clean helpers .
To use it , you ’ll need to add what formats your actions respond with to the class :
class PostsController < ApplicationController respond_to : html , :xml . . .
end
So your show action goes from the above to this :
def show @post = Post. find ( params [ : id ] ) respond_with ( @post ) end
Now the action will automatically look at the state of the object , the format requested , and respond accordingly .
So , for example , if you successfully create an object in create , it will redirect to show ; if it fails , it will render new ( this is assuming , of course , you ’re requesting HTML ) .
Of course , if you need custom logic , you ’ll want to do something else , but these helpers make already clean , RESTful code even easier and cleaner .
Make sure to rake to make sure you refactored it right !
[ 53846f92393e10146fbf2d9b43b530a244d0137e ]
Next , open up config / routes.rb .
It should look something like this ( with oodles of extra commented out routes ) :
Rails3Blog :: Application.routes.draw do |map| resources : posts end
To set PostController 's index action to the root , we need to do two things .
First , remove public / index .html otherwise it ’ll always overtake any root route you set .
Next , add a root route to config / routes.rb like this :
Rails3Blog :: Application.routes.draw do |map| resources : posts root : to => " posts#index " end
Now going to http://localhost:3000 should show the posts index page .
[ 120c377c8ec1c138d600f9b9bc39bedf1d43afd4 ]
OK , so now that most of the functionality is in place , let ’s make it look presentable ; here ’s my version of the index template :
<% @posts.each do | post| %> < h2 ><%= link_to post.title , post %></h2 > < p>posted at <% = post.created_at.strftime ( ' %D ') %></p> < p><%= post.body %></p> <% end %> <%= link_to ' New post ' , new_post_path %>
You can see what other design edits I made in this commit [ 03b2c39d65331f7dfeb4ada89cf65604f7130e2d ] .
Now we need to add the Markdown functionality to the Post model .
First , let ’s generate a migration [ 2cbb0b04411ac1712a4f5039ed93bdad0cb6e76e ] :
rails generate migration AddRenderedBodyToPosts rendered_body : text
Migrate your database , and now we ’re ready to move on to testing .
Write a simple test to make sure it renders the body after a save [ af83a5a2e85a1679896e989f6828d1f5ee4aa7d3 ] :
require ' test_helper ' class PostTest < ActiveSupport :: TestCase test " renders Markdown after save " do post = Post.create ( : title =>
" This post rocks . " , : body =>
" Now * this * is an awesome post . " ) assert_equal " < p > Now < em > this < / em > is an awesome post .
</p > " , post.rendered_body.chomp end end
If you rake now , that test should fail .
So , let ’s make it pass :
class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base before_save : render_body def render_body self.rendered_body = RDiscount.new(self.body ) .
to_html end end
You should be all green [ 4730cd4e8601c74a05b9763d307b462f76e44b26 ] !
Now we ’ll need to go back and change the instances of body to rendered_body on the index and show views .
That ’s pretty standard Rails stuff , so let ’s do something Rails 3 - specific now .
First , let ’s add some validations ; we ’ll want to make sure that every post has a title and a body .
test " requires title " do post = Post.create ( : body =>
" Now * this * is an awesome post . " ) assert !post.valid? assert post.errors [ : title ] end test " requires body " do post = Post.create ( : title =>
" This post rocks . " ) assert !post.valid? assert post.errors [ : body ]
end
Note the new API for Active Record errors ( i.e. , [ ] rather then on ) [ 930e8868b0e4d8904d6f5090f6b445b0c428f71f ] .
Now , of course , we have to make them pass …
class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base before_save : render_body validates : title , : presence => true validates : body , : presence => true def render_body self.rendered_body = RDiscount.new(self.body ) .
to_html end end
As you probably noticed , the API for Active Record validations I ’ve used here is different ( the validations shown are equivalent to a validates_presence_of validation , which are still around ) [ 178bb06839bb44978f42c922c9348bfe783da8b1 ] .
You can read a little more about the new style of validations here .
So , now if you try to create a post without a title or body , it ’ll reject it .
More later …
I realize this introduction is extremely simple , but I ’ll expand on it very soon ( including authentication , commenting , post drafts , an API , spam protection , feeds , caching , etc. with a separate entry after it on deployment ) .
I ’ll get to that sort of stuff very soon , but my next post is going to be a walkthrough of upgrading an app step by step ( very similar to this entry ) .
Look for it in a few days !
permalink
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The United States Grand Prix will return to the Formula 1 calendar in 2012 after a deal was struck for a race to be held in Austin , Texas .
Following weeks of speculation about the potential return of a race in America , F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone announced on Tuesday night that the event will take place from 2012 to 2021 on a new purpose - built facility in Austin .
Ecclestone said : " For the first time in the history of Formula 1 in the United States , a world - class facility will be purpose - built to host the event .
" It was thirty years ago that the Formula 1 United States Grand Prix was last held on a purpose - built permanent road course circuit in Watkins Glen , NY ( 1961 - 1980 ) , which enjoyed great success .
" Since then , F1 has been hosted by Long Beach , Las Vegas , Detroit , Dallas and Phoenix all on temporary street circuits .
Indianapolis joined the ranks of host cities in 2000 when they added a road course inside the famed oval .
" Lewis Hamilton won the last F1 United States Grand Prix in 2007 , signalling the end to eight years at Indianapolis Motor Speedway .
This however , will be the first time a facility is constructed from the ground up specifically for F1 in the US . "
The deal with Ecclestone has been put together by promoters Full Throttle Productions , and its managing partner Tavo Hellmund .
Speaking about the deal , which comes after speculation of events in New Jersey and New York State , Hellmund said : " This is a case of the right timing in the right place .
As many Americans know , Austin has earned a reputation as one of the ' it ' cities in the United States .
" We are extremely honoured and proud to reach an agreement with the F1 Commercial Rights Holder .
We have been diligently working together for several years to bring this great event to Austin , the State of Texas and back to the United States .
All parties involved have a great amount of trust and confidence in each other and are committed to establishing the Formula 1 United States Grand Prix in Austin , Texas as a prestigious global event . "
No details have yet emerged about the track layout , or whereabouts in Austin the venue will be built .
In crisis , the saying goes , lies opportunity .
And that ’s Ontario ’s approach toward the looming worldwide shortage of water .
In its recent Speech from the Throne , Premier Dalton McGuinty ’s government declared it would make the province “ the clean water capital of North America . ”
The speech promised a Water Opportunities Act “ would lay the foundation for new Ontario jobs and make our province the North American leader in the development and sale of new technologies and services for water conservation and treatment . ”
There ’s no doubt we face a global water crisis .
Nearly a billion people lack an “ adequate ” supply of drinking water and 2.6 billion do n’t have it for sanitation .
In developing countries , 90 per cent of sewage and 80 per cent of industrial waste goes into rivers , lakes or oceans untreated .
Some 2.2 million people die very year from diarrhea , mainly from bad water , and a child under 5 succumbs to a water - borne disease , on average , every 20 seconds .
Climate change and pollution are reducing the water supply in many parts of the world , and growing populations are placing increasing demands on that shrinking pool .
People are flocking to cities where water and sewage treatment systems do n’t exist or are decrepit and overwhelmed .
The human toll is heartbreaking .
Imagine your life if every day you had to line up for water at a dribbling tap in a filthy slum or spend hours fetching water from a polluted pond and sticks of wood to boil it to something less than lethal .
What if you could only defecate in a ditch or lived on streets flowing with sewage ?
The perceived opportunities riding on this mess are estimated at $ 400 billion a year , and rising fast .
So it makes sense for Ontario to try to help out abroad and create jobs here — but only if it ’s done right , and that remains to be seen .
In an interview this week , Environment Minister John Gerretsen said the legislation is based on two ideas :
l Efforts to improve the Great Lakes and prevent another Walkerton tragedy have given Ontario expertise in managing and treating water .
Some companies are already working in developed and developing countries .
This business can and should be expanded .
l We ca n’t expect the rest of the world to take us seriously unless we “ walk the talk , ” taking much better care of a resource that we now use , and abuse , more than almost anywhere else in the world .
As is often the case with this government , announcement came before plan .
“ We ’re still at the exploratory stage , ” Gerretsen said .
The legislation , to be ready this spring , might include higher prices for water here , or measures to promote or require water - saving technologies such as low - flow toilets and efficient washing machines .
There could be subsidies to develop water - treatment technologies , or some other export aid .
Or not .
“ We ’re working ..... to see the possibilities , ” Gerretsen said .
The scheme will only succeed , however , if the view extends beyond jobs and profits to what ’s really required .
That starts with thinking about how water is used , and why .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
One example : About 70 per cent of water consumption is for agriculture .
Much of it evaporates or , laden with nutrients and pesticides , flows into lakes or rivers , making them unfit for other potential users .
How can it be managed so less is required in the first place , and the run -off can be captured and cleaned , with the nutrients and chemicals available for reuse ?
Is the solution a high - tech fix , or education and new management methods ?
I ’m not sure this is what the province has in mind .
It should be , to truly turn crisis into opportunity .
Twitter ’s Free Love Era Comes to an End : Time for Developers and Publishers to Pay Up
Twitter is n’t just booting other ad networks out of its stream .
It now plans to tax some start - ups and publishers that are making money from the service .
That ’s a pretty significant change for the company , which has previously allowed anyone to do just about anything with its data , without asking for a cent .
But that ’s over , based on the new terms of service the company released today .
The relevant excerpt :
In cases where Twitter content is the basis ( in whole or in part ) of the advertising sale , we require you to compensate us ( recoupable against any fees payable to Twitter for data licensing ) .
That ’s potentially a big deal .
It ’s also quite vague .
And after talking to Twitter COO Dick Costolo this afternoon , I ’m pretty sure that vagueness is intentional .
Because I ’m not sure Twitter knows exactly how it wants to proceed .
But I did extract some specifics from Costolo :
Twitter is only focused on sites and services that sell ads against its stream .
So if your service does n’t generate revenue , or does so using something other than ads ( i.e. , subscriptions , analytics packages , etc. ) , you ’re fine .
If you do have to pay up , there are a couple of different ways to do it :
You could cut Twitter in via a revenue split or agree to license its data stream , which has generally been free up until now .
Or you could agree to use Twitter ’s own “ Promoted Tweets ” ad service .
Or some combination of the above .
Costolo says the company has n’t established a minimum fee , revenue split or another metric for payments .
So a lot of this is going to get hammered out case by case .
Okay .
But who , exactly , is going to have to pay up ?
Twitter ’s terms are n’t clear , and while I went around and around with Costolo about this over the phone , I ’m still not sure .
Because I do n’t think Twitter is sure .
Start with the easy stuff :
If there ’s nothing else in your service beyond tweets and you ’re selling ads against those tweets , you could be paying .
“ When we ’re talking about cases where Twitter is clearly a key component of how a page is monetized , we need to have a commercial relationship , ” Costolo said .
That sure sounds like TweetUp , the new “ AdSense for Tweets ” product that launched today , despite what CEO Bill Gross told me this morning .
And it does n’t sound like Muck Rack , a Twitter aggregation site owned by Sawhorse Media–because there are n’t any ads on Muck Rack .
But if owner Greg Galant decided to start running Google ( GOOG ) AdSense ads on his pages , he might end up paying .
Except that Twitter says it ’s not looking to find all the developers and publishers out there selling ads against the Twitter stream and tax them .
Size matters , for one thing .
“ We ’re not trying to prevent people from building businesses , ” says Tony Wang , a Twitter business development executive who joined my call with Costolo today .
“ We ’re saying if there ’s this thing you ’re doing , and you ’re selling ads against it , and it ’s really big , we want to participate in that . ”
So is Twitter only interested in really big publishers who use Twitter ?
Not necessarily .
I asked Costolo about the Huffington Post , which has prominently embraced Twitter and uses it frequently to fill out its pages .
Like this Twitter widget under a grisly story about a gored bullfighter ( careful ! ) .
That ’s probably fine , Costolo said .
But what about Huffpo ’s “ Twitter editions , ” which are primarily made up of tweets ?
I ’ve asked Costolo about those in a follow - up email , but have n’t heard back yet .
My gut :
He ’s not sure yet .
Which is going to make for lots of interesting conversations in the coming weeks and months .
UPDATE : Here ’s Costolo ’s response , via e-mail , on the Huffpo question .
Not surprisingly , he heaps praise on a big Web site that helps Twitter increase its distribution .
Though note he does mention plans to “ monetize … together ” :
HuffPo ’s Twitter Edition pages are an awesome example of why those guys are one of our most innovative partners .
We actively support and encourage those efforts , and look forward to working with them to monetize these opportunities together .
In fact , I think they will play an important role in helping define smart approaches to advertising around Twitter - driven content .
It ’s reasonable enough for Twitter to start trying to make money via companies that are making money via Twitter–it ’s a move many outsiders have been calling for the company to make for some time .
But it would n’t be Twitter if this was a straightforward process .
Get ready for a bumpy ride .
UPDATE 2 : After a day of discussion , Twitter has tweaked its language in its terms of service , swapping out “ In cases where Twitter content is the basis ( in whole or in part ) of the advertising sale ” with “ In cases where Twitter content is the primary basis of the advertising sale ” .
What does that mean ?
Here ’s Costolo , via email : “ The policy remains the same — if Twitter content is the primary basis of the advertising sale , we require a commercial relationship .
It ’s important to note that just because there is Twitter content on a site , for example a Twitter widget , that does not mean we will require a commercial relationship .
We encourage folks to find innovative ways to display Twitter content , and we are n’t interested in tracking down each and every implementation in order to be compensated . ”
Here’s
See full bio » Born in Rhinebeck , New York , he got into acting when he was 5 years old , after his sister had appeared in 30 - odd commercials .
Since then he has acted opposite some of the best actors in Hollywood as a bright , expressive actor with complexity , sensitivity , and emotion .
He attended film school at USC and got a degree in cinema and television ...
Born : September 21 , 1983 in in Rhinebeck , New York , USA
Ninety percent of all spacecraft ever launched do not explore space but play vital roles in our life , such as communications , surveillance , weather observation , and navigation .
They are the unknown heroes of the Space Age . ( credit : NASA ) Spacecraft stats and insights
Piloted spaceships , planetary probes , and space telescopes fascinate people .
That ’s easy to understand since these spacecraft make the discoveries of our time .
Nevertheless , this is only the proverbial “ tip of the iceberg ” since they account for less than 10 % of all spacecraft ever launched .
What are the other 90 % for ?
Who launched them and for what purpose ?
It ’s worth noting that it is impossible to establish a definitive number of spacecraft launched since it depends of how you count them .
Answering these questions tells us a lot about what ’s going on in space .
For example , more than a quarter of all spacecraft launched are used for communications , both civil and military .
The country that launched the greatest number of spacecraft is by far Russia , with 57 % of the total .
And while in the first three decades of the Space Age two - thirds of all spacecraft were launched for military purposes , it ’s been the opposite since 1995 .
Another interesting topic is rockets : what is the risk of flying anyone of them , and which country had the best ones ?
Such an overview also gives us a look at what the future can bring , specially for China .
What the last forty years of Chinese ’s space activities tell us about the future of this country ?
Here is an overview of space activities from the standpoint of spacecraft launched .
( All data are as of December 31 , 2009 and are available on my Spacecraft Encyclopedia . )
How many spacecraft should we count for an Apollo mission ?
Only one , if we consider Apollo as one - piece spacecraft ( upper left ) , or three if we counted the Lunar Module , the rover , and the Apollo command module ?
( credit : Grumman )
Who launches what ?
First of all , how many spacecraft have been launched since Sputnik in 1957 ?
It ’s worth noting that it is impossible to establish a definitive number of spacecraft launched since it depends of how you count them .
Take , for example , an Apollo lunar mission : do you count this as one spacecraft or should the Apollo command module and the lunar module be counted as two spacecraft ?
( I consider them as two . )
And when Apollo astronauts used a lunar rover , does it count as a third spacecraft ?
( Yes . )
Do the scientific instruments they placed on the Moon also count as spacecraft ?
( No . )
Separately , I counted as two spacecraft a Space Shuttle orbiter that delivers a payload into orbit .
However , what about a orbiter carrying a Spacelab module inside its payload bay , or another one which delivers a module to be added to the International Space Station ?
( I considered that as long as a payload stay inside a spacecraft , it is n’t counted , but it is when a shuttle delivers a complete module to ISS . )
Obviously , there are many other cases like these one .
So , I ’ve developed a logic to count the number of spacecraft , but whatever logic you could design , there ’ll always be some exceptions .
However , I consider that whatever logic you could use , it will probably give the same number as mine , give or take 0.5 % .
Also , I use the word spacecraft to include piloted spaceships , Earth - orbiting satellites , and planetary probes .
Now the answer : as of December 31 , 2009 , there were 6,854 spacecraft launched .
This is an average of 132 spacecraft a year over the last 52 years .
This number varied from 180 in 1965 to only 77 in 2004 ( see Table 1 ) .
Of those spacecraft , 3,543 are Russian and 1,811 are American .
All other countries ( including Europe , Japan , China , and India ) had sponsored only 808 spacecraft .
There are also 580 commercial spacecraft and 112 built by amateurs and students .
Some 6,854 spacecraft were launched between 1957 and 2009 , 52 % of them for Russia ( in red ) , 26 % for the United States ( blue ) , 12 % for other countries ( yellow ) and 10 % for corporations and amateurs ( green ) .
Of all these spacecrafts , 55 % were for military purposes and 45 % for civilian ones .
Note that the military trend is on a sharp decline since it peaked in the mid-1980s at around 66 % , and fall at only 20 % today .
Thus , space is not a military zone as it once was .
( See Table 4 . )
We could classify the civilian spacecraft in three broad categories : space exploration ( which include piloted spaceflight , earth / space science , planetary exploration , and astronomy ) , applications ( communications , meteorology , and remote sensing ) , and research and development ( technology and amateur / student - built satellite ) .
Of the 3,099 civilian spacecraft launched , 40 % were for exploration , 48 % for applications , and 12 % for R&D. ( See Table 10 . )
The military spacecraft could be classed in three broad categories : applications ( earth surveillance and electronic intelligence ) , services ( communications , navigation , and meteorology ) , and research and development ( including “ space defense ” , antisatellite , and other technology developments ) .
Of the 3,755 military spacecraft launched , 48 % are for applications , 36 % for services , and 16 % for R&D .
Of the commercially available launchers , the Russian Semyorka ( aka Soyuz ) is number one in many ways .
First , it is by far the most used : 1,698 Semyorka have been launched in 52 years — one every 11 days !
Now , we have to make a distinction between the number of spacecraft launched by a country and the number it sponsored , considering that Russia , the United States , and Europe launch commercial satellites and spacecraft for other countries .
Thus , while 52 % of all spacecraft are Russian , this country has launched 57 % of the total .
As for the United States , it owns 26 % of all spacecraft but has launched 33 % of the total .
( See Table 12 . )
Come fly with … whom ?
Say you want to fly onboard a rocket , or that you have a $ 100 - million satellite to put into orbit .
Which one should you use ?
Since the dawn of the Space Age , some 5,038 rockets have been launched , mainly by six countries : Russia , United States , Europe , China , Japan , and India .
There are 47 families of launchers , 26 of which have flown at least ten times .
( See Table 11 . )
Of those 26 launchers , the most successful is the Saturn family ; it recorded 28 successes in 28 launches .
It is followed by the Space Shuttle , with 128 launch success in 129 flights .
( The loss of Columbia is not counted since it occurred at reentry . )
Even so , you could n’t fly onboard those government rockets .
Of the commercially available launchers , the Russian Semyorka ( aka Soyuz ) is number one in many ways .
First , it is by far the most used : 1,698 Semyorka have been launched in 52 years — one every 11 days !
It is also the most successful .
In the last 18 years ( since the demise of the Soviet Union ) , 252 Semyorka were launched with only 4 failures , for a success rate of 98 % .
Compare this to : Delta : 347 launches with a 96 % success rate ,
Ariane : 193 launches with a 95 % success rate ,
Proton : 351 launches with a 89 % success rate , and
Atlas : 347 launches with a 88 % success rate .
( See the scores for all launchers in Table 11 . )
Another way to compare space launchers is to consider all the ones launched by each country .
Russian launched 60.5 % of the 5,038 rockets , the United States 30 % , and the rest of the world less than 10 % .
As for the overall success rate , Russian launchers scored 93 % , United States 90 % , Europe 92 % , China 89 % , Japan 84 % , and India 71 % .
( See Table 12 . )
Of all the 5,038 rockets launched to date , some 4,621 accomplished their mission , with a success rate of 92 % .
This means that if ever you have to fly anyone of them , you have 11 chances in 12 of getting into space .
And your best hopes are onboard a Russian rocket : 15 chances in 16 .
Here are the twelve rockets that have been launched at least 100 times .
This graph shows that the Russian Semyorka has been launched 1,698 times ( with 88 failures , in black ) , followed by the Kosmos C launcher ( with 461 launches and 24 failures ) , then by the Proton ( 351 launches , with 38 failures ) , and by the Atlas ( 347 launches and 40 failures ) .
The Chinese myth
These days there is a lot of talk about China becoming the space power of this century .
However , in this essay , we have n’t mentioned China a lot .
Why ?
Because it has n’t accomplished a lot compare to Russia and the United States .
For instance , in 40 years of space activities ( 1970 - 2009 ) , China launched only 132 rockets and 166 spacecraft .
That is far less than what the Soviet Union and the United States had done in the first decade of the Space Age .
During this decade , those countries had not only launched communications , weather , spy , and navigation satellites ( as China did later ) , but also they had explored many times the Moon , Mars , and Venus .
China , in contrast , has only launched one lunar probe .
China is frequently presented as the space power that will soon rival , if not surpass , the United States .
Some say it even could put a man on the Moon before the US tries again !
Could China be on the Moon in the 2020s ?
At the pace they are progressing , it will take them decades to do so .
However , what have the Chinese done since the launch of their first unmanned Shenzhou capsule in 1999 ?
They only flew six more Shenzhou , three of them piloted by a total six taikonauts who spent nine days in space .
In comparison , during the first ten years of their piloted programs ( 1960 –1969 ) , the Soviet Union and the United States each flew three dozen such spacecraft ( manned and unmanned ) .
Twenty - four Soviet cosmonauts spent 42 days in space , and 44 American astronauts spent 96 days .
And during these years , the United States even walked on the Moon twice !
Do n’t forget also that many argue that the Chinese did n’t develop their own piloted capsule , but instead acquired Soyuz blueprints from Russia .
During the decade the US took to go to the Moon , it launched some 600 rockets and 800 spacecraft , in comparison to China ’s 132 rockets and 166 satellites in 40 years .
These numbers are not simply rhetoric : they show that , in the process , the US learns how to deal with the unexpected .
As far as we know , the Chinese have n’t been confronted with any emergencies .
In 40 years of space activities , they have n’t even experienced the pace of space operations needed to conquer the Moon .
As the American experience shows , you do n’t have to learn only how to fly in space , but also how to react in face of the unexpected and at life - threatening emergencies .
You have to prove that you ’ve got the “ right stuff . ”
After 40 years of space activities , the Chinese are far from that .
Could they be on the Moon in the 2020s ?
At the pace they are progressing , it will take them decades to do so .
The fact is : we have plenty of time before China becomes a space power able to rival Russia and the United States .
Home
ROME , Italy —
Is it an insult to call somebody gay ?
That is the question Italians are pondering as they await a pivotal court decision on gay marriage expected this week .
Last week , in an unrelated case , one of Italy 's highest courts issued a ruling that states calling someone gay can be an insult if it ’s done with the intention to denigrate .
The ruling sparked a debate among the country ’s homosexual community :
Will the decision , which aimed to protect gay rights , hurt not help ?
“ It risks reinforcing the idea that if you call somebody gay , they should feel offended , ” said Aurelio Mancuso , ” one of the country ’s leading activists on the issue .
“ For us to be called gay is to be serene and comfortable . ”
The case concerned a letter written by a policeman , named in the court documents as Dante S. , to a colleague , Luciano T. , in 2002 .
The two men had a long - standing rivalry and were competing to become the chief of police .
In addition to describing his competitor as “ gay , ” Dante noted that Luciano had gone on a mountain holiday in the company of a sailor and accused him of having been expelled from a sports club frequented by young men .
In Italy , insulting somebody is a fineable offense , and Luciano took his rival to court , sparking a long process that concluded on March 17 .
Though Dante insisted he had not meant to be judgmental , the court found otherwise and ordered him to pay Luciano 400 euros ( $ 540 ) , plus 4,000 euros ( $ 5,400 ) in fines and court fees .
Generally , the decision has been warmly received by a homosexual community frustrated by a lack of progress in gay rights when compared with other European countries .
“ The fact that the word is neutral does n’t mean it ca n’t be used to offend , ” said Paolo Patane , president of Arcigay , Italy ’s leading homosexual advocacy group .
“ If the intention is to hurt , to humiliate , and in doing so I add actions or other words , then it ’s an offense . ”
In October , the Italian parliament rejected a law that would have made violence against homosexuals a hate crime .
The court decision is seen as the first — albeit tiny — step toward putting homophobia legally off - limits .
“ It ’s not because the word ‘ gay ’ itself caused the injury , but it was the context that caused the offense , ” said Franco Grillini , a politician and director of gaynews .
it , a news site .
“ A stick by itself is n’t offensive .
But if I hit you with it , it hurts . ”
“ It ’s the association between being gay and being a pedophile that ’s inacceptable , ” said Patane .
But others , like Mancuso , see the court ’s decisions as reflecting a larger discomfort in Italy 's predominantly Catholic society .
“ I ’d like to understand why being called gay is so offensive in this country , ” Mancuso said .
After the verdict was announced , Luciano ’s lawyer , Michele Brunetti , took pains to point out his client was n’t homosexual .
“ Certainly , he goes on vacation with male friends and he ’s never been married , ” he told the Italian daily La Repubblica .
“ But I never had the impression that he had those tendencies . ”
According to University of Bologna sociologist Luca Pietrantoni , gay rights in Italy remain behind other European countries .
Homosexuals are much less likely to be open about their sexual preference , especially in the work place .
As is often the case in Italy , when it comes to homosexuality , people are generally tolerant in the public sphere — the country elected the first transgendered parliamentarian in Europe — but conservative at home .
“ Gay people are n’t totally rejected by their families , ” said Pietrantoni .
“ There ’s a kind of negotiations of do n’t ask do n’t tell . ”
According to a 2006 poll , 31 percent of Italians favored of gay marriage , compared to 42 percent in the Europe Union as a whole and 82 percent in the Netherlands .
Only 24 percent of Italians agreed that homosexuals should be allowed to adopt , compared to 31 percent in the EU and 69 percent in the Netherlands .
The word “ gay ” is considered shameful , said Pietrantoni .
Politicians tend to use synonyms : " different , ” “ those people . ”
When Bologna hosted a Gay Pride parade in 2008 , the permit forbid the demonstrators from entering the city center or passing in front of churches .
“ There ’s a culture of avoidance , ” said Pietrantoni .
“ As if gay identity is embarrassing , shameful . ”
Carl Macek , one of the creators of the popular anime series “ RoboTech , ” has passed away at the age of 58 .
Macek ’s began his work in the field in 1985 , when he produced the 85 - episode sci- fi epic “ Robotech , ” a sprawling saga in which humanity must fend off three successive alien invasions that threaten to destroy the Earth .
Macek created “ Robotech ” by combing three unrelated Japanese series , rewriting each so that it became one chapter in a multi-generational story .
He edited out the brief nudity and mild profanity that was fine by Japanese standards but would never fly for a cartoon on American broadcast television .
But what he did n’t do was tone down the story .
As a result , “ Robotech ” was , at the time , unique among animated programs on American TV .
Major characters aged over time , learned from their experiences and sometimes even died defending their home planet .
“ Robotech ” was a cartoon in which war was real and violence had consequences .
As a result , it gained a strong cult following that continues today .
Even so , “ Robotech ” was n’t quite popular enough for Macek to find stable financial backing for his proposed sequel series , “ Robotech II : The Sentinels . ”
So he moved on , co-founding Streamline Pictures along with animation historian Jerry Beck .
He later went on to found Streamline Pictures , which was known for releasing major anime titles such as “ Akira ” and “ Vampire Hunter D ” .
He was also directly involved in the first English adaptations of many of Hayao Miyazake ’s classics such as “ Laputa : Castle in the Sky ” , “ Lupin III : Castle of Cagliostro ” , “ My Neighbor Totoro . ”
Reagan ’s Prayer Ritual Finally Ruled Unconstitutional
On Thursday , April 15 , 2010 , SR U.S. District Court Judge Barbara B. Crabb ruled that the National Day of Prayer Proclamation , instituted by Ronald Reagan in 1988 , is unconstitutional .
Freedom From Religion Foundation v George W. Bush was filed in Wisconsin in 2008 and has been progressing through the courts since that time .
The subsequent ruling in the case was filed as Freedom From Religion Foundation v Barrack Obama & Robert Gibbs to reflect the change in administration after the 2008 elections .
Judge Crabb explained her decision by stating that “ … [ the National Day of Prayer ’s ] goes beyond mere ‘ acknowledgement ’ of religion because its sole purpose is to encourage citizens to engage in prayer , an inherently religious exercise that serves no secular function in this context . ”
She continued , “ In fact , it is because the nature of prayer is so personal and can have such a powerful effect on a community that the government may not use its authority to try to influence an individual ’s decision whether and when to pray . ”
Although prayer is common among various religious sects , it is not practiced by all and is viewed as offensive by other belief systems and world views .
Ronald Reagan ’s 1988 Proclamation , # 5767 , was specific in its religious bias , including a quote from the book of Leviticus in the Christian Bible http://www.reagan.utexas.edu/archives/speeches/1988/020388d.htm .
Reagan ’s proclamation includes the phrase , “ I call upon the citizens of our great Nation to gather together on that day in homes and places of worship to pray , each after his or her own manner , for unity in the hearts of all mankind . ”
Many feel that the words ‘ after his or her own manner ’ prove a universal inclusiveness .
Within the context of this very Christian and very monotheistic proclamation , this qualification clearly refers to differing Christian denominations and perhaps other Abrahamic or messianic religions .
This deliberately narrow focus within a pluralistic society reflects the exclusivity of the governments endorsement of a religious ritual to the exclusion of all other religions , belief systems and world views .
Therefore , under the First Amendment , as ruled by Judge Crabb , the National Day of Prayer contravenes the Constitution .
The First Amendment states that Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof .
The establishment of not only a theistic or monotheistic day of prayer , but of a specifically Christian National Day of Prayer is a flagrant violation .
The constitutional guarantees to all Americans are subverted when privilege is claimed by , or extended to , an exclusive group .
Neither the joint resolution by congress in 1952 nor the subsequent 1988 proclamation by Ronald Reagan were constitutionally sound in either their intent or application .
Judge Crabb ’s decision effectively corrected a fifty eight year old error .
While greeted with overwhelming support from members of other religious and nonreligious communities , this judgement against state sponsored religious rituals has created a firestorm of condemnation from the Christian community who view this judgement as a direct attack on their religion and their personal freedom of religious expression .
Immediately following the announcement of the decision , internet blogs and forums began registering the discontent of disgruntled Christians , convinced that they are being deliberately persecuted by what they characterize as an evil and Un - American government .
Fox News picked up the gauntlet of piety and immediately had Judge Crabb declared unequivocally wrong .
Their purported expert in constitutional law , Kelly Saindon , offered poorly constructed arguments that attempt to redefine the National Day of Prayer as a day “ that allows for people to say , that if you have religious beliefs , today is the day , go ahead and recognize those ” .
Ms. Saindon ’s apparent argument for government rationing of religion seems to propose that if the government does n’t proclaim an official day for the exercise of this particular ritual , it is tantamount to refusing individuals their right to perform this ritual on their own or with others who share their belief .
Not only does this reaction reflect a misunderstanding of the Constitution , but it also demonstrates the continued willingness to reject and subvert principles of equality .
This ruling does nothing to limit or curtail any religious freedoms whatsoever .
The ruling simply states that there is to be no government sponsorship or endorsement of this particular religious ritual .
The Judges ruling does not ban prayer .
The judges ruling does not say that Christians are not allowed to pray on that day , or any other .
The Judges ruling does not say that every Christians in America cannot agree to pray in concert on that day .
The ruling simply removes the unconstitutionally preferred status of one religion over others by official government proclamation in order to protect the equal freedoms and liberties of all .
Judge Crabb ’s ruling respects all religions , belief systems and world views by ending State sponsorship of a Christian ritual .
The only message to be inferred by Christians is that they have all the same rights and privileges of all other religions and belief systems and are fortunate enough to live in a country where that principle is upheld in the courts .
Judge Crabb included in her decision “ .. that the government can no more enact laws supporting a day of prayer than it can encourage citizens to fast during Ramadan , attend a synagogue or practice magic . ”
Christians have not had their rights limited , violated , curtailed , impeached or denied .
Crabb stipulated that her decision should not yet be considered a ban to any ‘ prayer days ’ until the appeals process has been fully exhausted .
According to Charles Miller , spokesperson for the U.S. Justice Department , attorneys who represented the federal government in this case were reviewing the ruling Thursday afternoon .
Mr. Miller declined further comment .
White House spokesperson Matt Lehrich stated in an e-mail to The Associated Press that President Obama still plans to issue a proclamation for the next prayer day .
“ As he did last year , President Obama intends to recognize a National Day of Prayer , ” Lehrich said .
So , despite the judges ruling , Christians can take comfort in the knowledge that due process of the law will be fully applied and honored in order to maintain the integrity of the system , the veracity of the final ruling , and the adherence to the constitution .
The freedoms enshrined in the constitution have once again been affirmed in the face of a challenge .
Christians should celebrate this as a victory along with the rest of the country .
In this case , it was Christian privilege that was corrected in order to assure the ongoing freedom and equality of all , but it is the principle that an imbalance favoring any exclusive group will not be tolerated that should provide them with security , solace , and a real reason to rejoice .
Today I headed down to Betsy 's place ( part of my second team of wedding photographers ) for a test engagement shoot .
This entire photoshoot was her fantastic , creative idea ..... to turn a bride - to - be into an actual wedding cake .
Complete with a fondant bodice and icing skirt , icing headband and much more .
I still smell like a cake !
Here are some shots I took from our day together -
Imagine having one of these framed and on display at your wedding .... something the guests could sign .
Its not only a conversational art piece , its also a memory you 'll never forget .
I 'll be posting more from this shoot to my facebook fan page .
Enjoy !!
Ms Moore is preparing for her baby son to be much taller than her Britain 's smallest mother has described the difficulties of caring for a baby son who is almost as tall as her .
Amanda Moore , 25 , of Hinckley , Leicestershire , risked her life to give birth to Aidan , now aged 14 months .
She has a rare bone disease which stunted her growth at 3ft 1in ( 0.9 m ) and left her unable to stand .
At 2ft 6in ( 0.7 m ) , Aidan is taller than his mother when she is seated .
Ms Moore said : " Now he 's walking he 's more than a handful for someone my size . "
She said she believes Aidan could end up being as tall as his father , Steven Fyfe , 20 , who is 6ft 1ins ( 1.8 m ) .
Most boys are bigger than their mums but not after a year
Amanda Moore Ms Moore added : " When I sit on the floor to play with him , he is taller than me already and he 's only 14 months old .
" He 's getting so big and strong that soon we 'll have to tell him to be gentle with Mummy .
" It 's been a struggle because he 's been running rings around me since he was crawling .
" Most boys are bigger than their mums but not after a year . "
Ms Moore suffers from osteogenesis imperfecta - commonly known as brittle bone disorder .
' Very lucky family '
Born with 14 broken bones herself , she said doctors warned her becoming pregnant could prove fatal .
But Aidan was born in February 2009 weighing 5lbs 5 oz and had not inherited his mother 's bone condition .
He now weighs 22lbs ( 9.9kg ) - almost half his mother 's four stones ( 25.4kg ) .
Ms Moore said : " Soon Aidan will be bigger than me and we are working out how I can move him around the house in my chair while Steven is at work . "
The couple said they have not ruled out having another child .
Mr Fyfe said : " It 's been a struggle but Aidan is doing so well .
" He 's a big boy and will soon be much bigger than his mother .
" When Amanda became pregnant doctors told us she or the baby could die , or even both of them .
" But they are both fighting fit and we are a very lucky family . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many developers are up in arms about a new policy from Apple that mandates all iOS applications to be written in either a flavor of C or JavaScript .
It ’s original motivation is apparently to prevent Adobe ’s imminent Flash - to - iOS compiler in CS5 from working , but the collateral damage is much greater than that .
There ’s a wealth of cross-compilers in the wild that looks to be outlawed by the same provision .
Titanium , Gambit Scheme , MonoTouch , and Unity3D are a few of the bigger ones .
These layers allow you to write applications in programming languages like Scheme or C# and compile that into a native iOS applications ( as well as other platforms like Android ) .
Lots of developers , me included , have had such a gut - turning reaction to Apple ’s new policy that we have a hard time thinking and speaking rationally .
The emotions take over and we start screaming “ fascists ! ” , which is n’t very persuasive to non-developers who do n’t have the same instinctual reaction .
So instead , allow me to go through five ( mostly ) rational arguments for why this is a bad idea .
1 . The App Store is not a carefully curated gallery
Some have argued that if Apple lets Flash developers compile their applications to iOS , the App Store is going to be overrun by shitty applications and regular folks wo n’t be able to find anything .
The barbarians are at the gate !
The problem with that argument is that the App Store already has some 180,000 apps listed .
I assure you that they are not all cream puffs .
I also assure you that there is no way that the best flash application is worse than the worst native app currently in the App Store .
This argument would have worked if the App Store was a carefully curated gallery of perhaps 1,000 applications .
But it is not , which , btw , is totally fine .
The web is not a carefully curated gallery of web pages and yet we ’re still able to find the good stuff all the time thanks to intermediaries of discovery .
2. Changing your license in - flight makes developers nervous
This issue is exactly why developers fear being sharecroppers .
One day you ’re happily developing an application for Apple ’s platform and dreaming of big things to come , the next Apple kills you dead with the stroke of a pen .
It ’s hard to build a business on a platform where you feel like you cannot trust the men in power .
If they can take down Adobe a few days before the launch of their flagship product , what hope do smaller players hold ?
If you view the economy as the App Store , Apple can be viewed as Venezuela where the rules of commerce are constantly changed and investors start fleeing for the fear that they ’re next .
They may not leave today because of vested interests , but you ’re scaring good people away and driving them to alternative platforms .
But since the effects wo n’t be felt tomorrow , it does n’t appear nearly as dangerous as it really is .
3. Enforcing public APIs does not make Apple beholden to Adobe
Louis Gerbarg argues that Apple will be beholden to Adobe if they allow Flash as a cross-compilation layer because of backwards compatibility concerns .
I do n’t think that ’s true .
First of all , Apple already has a policy against use of private APIs .
They can reject applications from the App Store if they find them in violation , Flash - compiled or not .
Second , imagine if you have 1,000 applications done against the native APIs .
What ’s the likelihood that some of them will be using private calls ?
Given the debacles we ’ve seen so far over this , I ’d say that a fair number of them will .
Thus , these applications might potentially break when Apple updates iOS .
Now imagine the same 1,000 applications written in the sandbox of Flash .
Is it easier or harder to ensure that the Flash compiler does n’t tab into private APIs than it would be with 1,000 independent apps written straight to the metal ?
I ’d say easier .
Also , who stands to lose more if all these applications break : Apple or Adobe ?
Adobe would screw over their entire base of developers and Apple would lose 1,000 applications .
I ’d say Adobe would be in more hot water and given all the hoopla , I think they ’re going to be extra diligent to not step over the public / private API lines .
4. Selective enforcement is unfair and unsettling
The App Store review process has long been under fire for being fraught with selective enforcement .
Some apps get rejected for the doing things already - confirmed apps did n’t get questioned about .
This is especially true when Tier A developers like EA gets away with things that Tier C developers in their basement do n’t .
It breeds an air of aristocracy where the lords can roam as they please but the peasants are kept on a tight leash .
This selective enforcement is already happening with built - in interpreters .
Apple ’s rule 3.3.2 reads :
An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means , including without limitation through the use of a plug - in architecture , calling other frameworks , other APIs or otherwise .
No interpreted code may be downloaded or used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple ’s Documented APIs and built - in interpreter (s ) .
This means no Java or Flash apps that just run within an interpreter .
But it ’s also supposed to mean that game developers like EA and others can’t use languages like Lua to program gameplay , yet that is n’t happening .
The lords are free to roam indeed .
5 . For developers it ’s about more than just business
“ But hey , if you do n’t like it , why do n’t you just go somewhere else ? ” .
Developers are indeed free to vote with their feet .
Take their code to more open platforms and stop complaining about Apple .
Some already have .
But remember that many developers came to Apple in the first place to escape these kind of antics from the big man of the day , Microsoft .
Apple has benefitted big by appealing to developers on more than just business .
Many developers switched to Apple long before it was economically a good idea just so they could get away from Microsoft .
Look at the number of great free , ad - less applications in the App Store .
Programmed by developers who did it for fun and love .
Because they could and they wanted to .
Not just because Apple had the biggest market share of smart phones .
Apple benefits from that .
It ’s better to be loved than to be feared .
It ’s only when you ca n’t make them love you that you want them to fear you .
Apple has jumped the gun .
We were n’t done loving you before you made us fear you .
Cheyenne Williams , 18 , of McKee , signed a sworn criminal complaint Monday , saying she was abducted on Friday by Corinne M. Schwab , 18 , of Sandgap ; Ashley N. Sams , 18 , of Annville ; and a 17 - year - old girl who was not identified because she is a juvenile .
Williams told police she was attacked as a result of her sexual orientation , state police Detective Joie Peters said .
The criminal complaint says the girls unlawfully restrained and tried to cause Williams ' death .
The intent was to " accomplish or advance the commission of a felony and to inflict bodily injury or to terrorize " Williams .
The complaint , which was signed by George Hays , the Jackson County attorney , does not provide any other details .
Hays declined to comment .
State police issued a news release Tuesday that says Williams was " taken against her will to the Flat Lick Falls area " where she was assaulted and that the other three girls " attempted to push her over a cliff , which could have resulted in serious physical injury or death . "
Williams was able to escape and get to safety , the report says .
State police Detective Joie Peters , who is investigating , said it appears the incident began as a practical joke but got out of hand , escalating to the point that Williams sustained minor injuries .
Peters said he was not minimizing the incident but has not uncovered evidence it constituted a hate crime .
Peters said he would present evidence to a grand jury for a decision on what charge correctly fits the facts of the case .
The grand jury could indict the girls on the same charges , a lesser charge such as assault or decline to indict them .
Johnson said she has no clue why the other girls would try to hurt her daughter .
As for the timing , however , she noted that the alleged attack happened Friday , the day of a national observance for people who have faced bullying or harassment because of their sexual orientation .
The attack stemmed from that , Johnson said .
Crawford said he understood some students were wearing tags or stickers in support of the observance , while others were wearing stickers in opposition that said something like " Gay is not the way . "
Superintendent Ralph Hoskins directed that students in both groups not to display the stickers because he did n't want the situation to escalate , Crawford said .
exactly
enabled and encouraged
Labels : Day Of Silence , education , gay youth , hate crimes , Kentucky
Interview : Fethullah Gülen
When Foreign Policy and Prospect magazine asked readers to vote for the world ’s top public intellectual , one man won in a landslide : Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen , an inspirational leader to millions of followers around the world and persona non grata to many in his native Turkey , where some consider him a threat to the country ’s secular order .
In a rare interview , Gülen speaks to FP about terrorism , political ambitions , and why his movement is so misunderstood .
Foreign Policy :
How do you feel about being named the world ’s top public intellectual ?
Fethullah Gülen : I have never imagined being or wished to be chosen as something important in the world .
I have always tried to be a humble servant of God and a humble member of humanity .
The Koran says that humanity has been created to recognize and worship God and , as a dimension of this worship , to improve the world in strict avoidance of corruption and bloodshed .
It requires treating all things and beings with deep compassion .
This is my philosophy , which obliges me to remain aloof from all worldly titles and ranks .
However , I am not indifferent to the appreciation of kind people .
[ The voters were ] extremely kind in naming me the world ’s top public intellectual , a title to which I can never see myself as entitled .
FP : Do you harbor any political ambitions ?
FG : I have never had , nor will I ever have , any [ political ] ambitions .
The only thing on which I have always set my heart is being able to gain God ’s good pleasure and , therefore , trying to make him known correctly and loved by humanity .
FP : Where does Islam fit in a Muslim ’s political life ?
FG : Islam as a religion focuses primarily on the immutable aspects of life and existence , whereas a political system concerns only social aspects of our worldly life .
Islam ’s basic principles of belief , worship , morality , and behavior are not affected by changing times .
Islam does not propose a certain unchangeable form of government or attempt to shape it .
Islam has never offered nor established a theocracy in its name .
Instead , Islam establishes fundamental principles that orient a government ’s general character .
So , politics can be a factor neither in shaping Islam nor directing Muslims ’ acts and attitudes in Islam ’s name .
FP : Why do you believe your movement is suspected by so many Turks ?
FG : I do not believe so many Turks suspect my activities .
The idea that this movement of volunteers is suspected by many Turks arises in the same way and for the same reasons that the world hears more about those Muslims whom the media call radicals .
Since those who give this impression are extremely loud , some observers can be deceived .
FP : Hundreds of schools have been opened around the world based on a model you pioneered , blending science and religion .
How centrally controlled are the schools run by the Gülenist movement ?
FG : My only role in the opening of the schools has been to suggest and encourage opening them .
But it is impossible for there to be a [ central authority ] controlling the schools .
They are in more than 100 countries , and there must be many different companies that have opened and run them .
Some of them may have closer relations or interactions .
Some may be sharing their experiences with others .
FP : What is the most misunderstood thing about the Gülenist movement ?
FG : I cannot accept concepts such as Gülenism or Gülenist .
I was only a writer and an official preacher among people .
I can have no direct influence on any person or activity .
It is inconceivable that I can exert pressure on anybody .
But some people may regard my views well and show respect to me , and I hope they have not deceived themselves in doing so .
Some people think that I am a leader of a movement .
Some think that there is a central organization responsible for all the institutions they wrongly think affiliated with me .
They ignore the zeal of many to serve humanity and to gain God ’s good pleasure in doing so .
They ignore people ’s generosity .
Such misunderstandings may lead others to have suspicions about the financial resources of the schools .
A small minority in Turkey even accuses me of having political ambitions , when in fact I have been struggling with various illnesses for many years .
FP : You preach a moderate , tolerant Islam .
What do you think causes terrorism ?.
FG : Islam abhors and absolutely condemns terrorism and any terrorist activity .
I have repeatedly declared that it is impossible for a true Muslim to be a terrorist , nor can a terrorist be regarded as a true Muslim .
Terrorism is one of the cardinal sins that the Koran threatens with hellfire .
It is a fact that Muslims have lagged behind in science and technology for the last few centuries .
The Muslim world suffers from internal divisions , antidemocratic practices , and the violation of fundamental human rights and freedoms .
But Muslims have never been and never can be so base as to expect any solutions to their problems through terror .
[ Terrorism ] is formed of certain fundamental problems , [ including ] ignorance , poverty , and fear of others .
Some people take advantage of the young and foolish .
They are manipulated , abused , and even drugged to such an extent that they can be used as murderers on the pretext of some crazy ideals or goals .
To defeat terrorism , we must acknowledge that we are all human beings .
It is not our choice to belong to a particular race or family .
We should be freed from fear of the other and enjoy diversity within democracy .
I believe that dialogue and education are the most effective means to surpass our differences .
FP : Would you like to return to Turkey someday ?
FG : I certainly long for my country and my friends there .
However , I have submitted myself to my fate and am willingly resigned to however it judges .
Illustration : Lara Tomlin for FP
It makes me sick that 4,266 Americans ( as of April 2009 so even more now ) , 31,102 wounded American ( as of April 2009 ) and a countless number of Iraqi and Afghanistan Citizens have died because we believed the Vichy Government and Vichy Media that the Iraqis had weapons of mass destruction or WMD's and Afghanistan somehow supported the terrorists .
And now we are on the verge of getting entangled in Iraq again , when will it end ?
None of these countries declared war on the United States or attacked us .
In fact , if you believe the the governments explanation for 9/11 ( which I do n't , for the record ) all of the attackers were from Saudi Arabia , a country considered an ally .
A country that we have never sanctioned , nor attacked for their supposed attack against us .
We 've been there for 10 long years now , when will it end ?
Now , we have the same Vichy Government and the same Vichy Media hyping up the supposed nuclear weapons capability of Iran and now we are in Libya .
Are you going to fall for the same lies that the same liars fed us only a few years ago ?
Has Libya attacked us , has Libya declared war on us ?
NO .
It used to be that the Congress had to give permission for any war that was started , now it seems that they can go to war for any reason at all .
All they have to do is spread out some BS message that the other side is just thinking of attacking us or that we are helping in some supposed humanitarian relief .
I believe that there are reasons to go to war .
If a country threatens us , attacks us or attacks one of our allies then war may be justified .
But , if a war is declared I think the acid test is whether that conflict warrants your son or your daughter 's life .
It 's always easy to send someone else ' son or daughter to a foreign land to be killed , when it is your own flesh and blood it is a whole other story !
In addition , any congressman or congresswoman who votes for war , their children should be put on the front lines .
I 'm tired of seeing innocent men and women killed based on lies .
I 'm tired of seeing the poor who have fewer options than the rich paying the price of our apathy and ignorance .
Oh , I am sure some of you will argue that we have a voluntary draft so no one is being forced to sign up for the military but when we have a high unemployment rate and even higher unemployment rate for minorities , little or no money for advanced education and few other options then the military starts looking pretty good .
In the end , we have to ask ourselves ; is it the moral thing , is it the right thing to participate either through sending our sons and daughters to die overseas for lies , or by supporting the war machine , is that what God would have us do ?
Whatever happened to THOU SHALT NOT MURDER ?
For some strange reason a lot of people think that war is exempt .
That to support an illegal , immoral war is OK with God ...NO , it 's still MURDER when it is not in self defense .
I know of so many Christians who support these wars without much thought to what it is they are supporting , they are willfully ignorant .
Will God just look the other way ?
Are you exempt from his laws ?
If we lived in Nazi Germany would it be honorable to sign up to serve the Nazi regime ?
How about the Roman Empire ?
If not , why not ?
Even if your children are not fighting in these wars , your money is supporting them .
How long will we be used by the military industrial complex for their own agenda ?
It 's time that we as Christians stop allowing the powers that be to manipulate us into supporting every conflict they present to us .
It 's time that we stop sending our sons and daughters into these unethical , immoral wars .
It 's time to say enough is enough .
Dive into our endangered oceans with these photos of the smallest shrimps to the largest whales .
Despite the threats , no marine species received additional protection by the recent United Nations CITES convention .
1.Bluefin Tuna
Why bluefin tuna are in trouble :
The greatest enemy of tuna is overfishing , overfishing , overfishing , as well as tuna ranching ( when tuna are caught alive and fed for months before being exported ) and loss of prey .
Take action : Visit
The greatest enemy of tuna is overfishing , overfishing , overfishing , as well as tuna ranching ( when tuna are caught alive and fed for months before being exported ) and loss of prey .
Visit Oceana and learn more about bluefin tuna and other sea creatures .
2.Cape Penguin
Why are cape penguins and other sea birds in danger ?
Loss of nesting sites , oil spills and food loss due to overfishing are a major threat to sea birds .
Take action : Visit Cape penguins are also called jackass penguins , because of their call , which sounds like a donkey neighing .
This penguin breeds only in Africa .
Loss of nesting sites , oil spills and food loss due to overfishing are a major threat to sea birds .
Visit Oceana and learn more about cape penguins and other sea birds .
3.Coral
image link
Do n't forget , coral is a sea animal too .
In fact they are an important part of the ocean 's ecosystem .
Coral gives other sea creatures protection and a place to breed and spawn .
Coral also helps people out too -- coral has many pharmaceutical properties .
Why coral is in trouble :
This fundamental part of the ocean is incredibly sensitive ; ocean acidification and bottom trawling commercial fishing are its major threats .
Take action : Visit Don't forget , coral is a sea animal too .
In fact they are an important part of the ocean 's ecosystem .
Coral gives other sea creatures protection and a place to breed and spawn .
Coral also helps people out too -- coral has many pharmaceutical properties .
This fundamental part of the ocean is incredibly sensitive ; ocean acidification and bottom trawling commercial fishing are its major threats .
Visit Oceana and learn more about coral and its vital role in the ocean 's ecosystem .
4. Gray Whale
image link
Unique among whales for their dorsal humps ( instead of fins ) , these 50 - foot whales are also notable for their moans , growls , knocks and other distinctive vocalizations .
While gray whales near Baja California are thought to be friendly , the species is known worldwide for the fierceness with which mothers defend their calves .
Why gray whales are in trouble : Centuries of overfishing have left one population extinct ( North Atlantic ) and one critically endangered ( Western North Pacific ) .
The good news is that fishing restrictions have allowed the third population , in the Eastern North Pacific , to rebound to the point that it was removed from the U.S. Endangered Species List in 1994 .
Take action : Visit Unique among whales for their dorsal humps ( instead of fins ) , these 50 - foot whales are also notable for their moans , growls , knocks and other distinctive vocalizations .
While gray whales near Baja California are thought to be friendly , the species is known worldwide for the fierceness with which mothers defend their calves .
Centuries of overfishing have left one population extinct ( North Atlantic ) and one critically endangered ( Western North Pacific ) .
The good news is that fishing restrictions have allowed the third population , in the Eastern North Pacific , to rebound to the point that it was removed from the U.S. Endangered Species List in 1994 .
Visit WWF and learn more about gray whales and other endangered sea creatures .
5. Hector 's Dolphin
image link
With just 7,400 individuals believed to be alive in the coastal waters off New Zealand , Hector 's dolphin is listed by the IUCN as a " red list " endangered species .
Why Hector 's dolphins are in trouble : Bycatch , pollutants and boat disturbance .
Take action : Visit With just 7,400 individuals believed to be alive in the coastal waters off New Zealand , Hector 's dolphin is listed by the IUCN as a " red list " endangered species .
Bycatch , pollutants and boat disturbance .
Visit WWF and learn more about dolphins and other endangered sea creatures .
6.Humphead Wrasse
image link
While it is also known as the Napolean fish , the Humphead wrasse gets its name from an obvious anatomic feature .
It 's one of the largest coral reef fishes and can be found on reefs throughout the islands of the Pacific and parts of the Indian Ocean .
Oh , and it 's hermaphroditic , changing from one sex to the other during the course of its maturation .
Why Humphead wrasses are in trouble : Because the fish takes a long time to mature , it 's relatively rare to begin with , and it 's easy for fishermen to predict where it spawns , overfishing has been a problem for generations .
Take action : Visit
While it is also known as the Napolean fish , the Humphead wrasse gets its name from an obvious anatomic feature .
It 's one of the largest coral reef fishes and can be found on reefs throughout the islands of the Pacific and parts of the Indian Ocean .
Oh , and it 's hermaphroditic , changing from one sex to the other during the course of its maturation .
Because the fish takes a long time to mature , it 's relatively rare to begin with , and it 's easy for fishermen to predict where it spawns , overfishing has been a problem for generations .
Visit WWF and learn more about the Humphead Wrasse and other endangered sea creatures .
7.Krill
image link
This tiny creature plays an important role in the ocean 's ecosystem .
Krill is the main food source for many marine animals , from salmon to blue whales .
Why krill is in trouble :
Because krill are a food source for so many marine animals , they are harvested to feed farmed fish .
Take action : Visit
This tiny creature plays an important role in the ocean 's ecosystem .
Krill is the main food source for many marine animals , from salmon to blue whales .
Because krill are a food source for so many marine animals , they are harvested to feed farmed fish .
Visit Oceana and learn more about krill and their vital role in the ocean 's food web .
8.Loggerhead Sea Turtle
image link
Loggerhead sea turtles , like all six types of sea turtles , are listed as threatened with extinction under the
Why turtles are in trouble : Fishing gear is the sea turtles ' worst enemy , but loss of habitat and climate change also play a role in putting these species in jeopardy .
Take action : Visit Loggerhead sea turtles , like all six types of sea turtles , are listed as threatened with extinction under the Endangered Species Act. : Fishing gear is the sea turtles ' worst enemy , but loss of habitat and climate change also play a role in putting these species in jeopardy .
Visit Oceana and learn more about sea turtles and other sea creatures .
9. Manatees
image link
Resembling land mammals as much as any sea creature , the manatee is a gentle giant vegetarian .
The world 's largest population of manatee is in Florida , but even there , fewer than 3,000 individuals are in existence .
Why manatees are in trouble :
In addition to passing problems like the 2010 winter freeze that harmed manatees and other sea creatures in Florida , toxic algae ( caused by human pollution ) , loss of habitat and boating collisions .
Take action : Visit Resembling land mammals as much as any sea creature , the manatee is a gentle giant vegetarian .
The world 's largest population of manatee is in Florida , but even there , fewer than 3,000 individuals are in existence . :
In addition to passing problems like the 2010 winter freeze that harmed manatees and other sea creatures in Florida , toxic algae ( caused by human pollution ) , loss of habitat and boating collisions .
Visit Defenders of Wildlife and learn more about manatees and other endangered sea creatures .
10 .Mediterranean Monk Seal
image link
One of the six most endangered mammals in the world , according to WWF , the Mediterranean Monk Seal once ranged from Portugal to Senegal .
Today just 500 remain in isolated clusters .
Why seals are in trouble : Hunting , habitat destruction , pollution , depletion of fish stocks and competition with fishermen all factored into the decline of the Mediterranean Monk Seal .
Other seals , however , may be threatened by global warming , as Arctic and Antarctic habitats change rapidly .
Take action : Visit
One of the six most endangered mammals in the world , according to WWF , the Mediterranean Monk Seal once ranged from Portugal to Senegal .
Today just 500 remain in isolated clusters . :
Hunting , habitat destruction , pollution , depletion of fish stocks and competition with fishermen all factored into the decline of the Mediterranean Monk Seal .
Other seals , however , may be threatened by global warming , as Arctic and Antarctic habitats change rapidly .
Visit WWF and learn more about seals and other endangered sea creatures .
11.Chinook Salmon
image link
Salmon , the most popular seafood and sport fish in the world , are in danger .
Wild salmon sales support many communities around the world , but these fish need clean rivers and oceans to survive .
Why are Chinook salmon in trouble ?
Chinook salmon from Alaska to California are in decline and pollution , global warming and bycatch are to blame .
Take action : Visit Salmon , the most popular seafood and sport fish in the world , are in danger .
Wild salmon sales support many communities around the world , but these fish need clean rivers and oceans to survive .
Chinook salmon from Alaska to California are in decline and pollution , global warming and bycatch are to blame .
Visit Oceana and learn more about Chinook salmon and other salmon species .
Why Vaquitas are in trouble : Already in decline because the damming of the Colorado River has destroyed parts of their habitat , Vaquitas are also threatened by the gill nets used to catch fish .
They are often killed unintentionally as bycatch .
Take action : Visit
This small porpoise is one of the most endangered marine mammals , with fewer than 600 individuals left in Mexico 's Gulf of California .
Already in decline because the damming of the Colorado River has destroyed parts of their habitat , Vaquitas are also threatened by the gill nets used to catch fish .
They are often killed unintentionally as bycatch .
Visit WWF and learn more about porpoises and other endangered sea creatures .
13 . Southern Sea Otter
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee { AIPAC ] has launched a drive to take over student government at the University of California at Berkeley , the organization ’s Leadership Development Director announced at last week ’s annual conference in Washington .
Here ’s the money quote from Jonathan Kessler , made to student leaders drawn fom 370 campuses , including representatives from all 50 states :
How are we going to beat back the anti-Israel divestment resolution at Berkeley ?
We ’re going to make certain that pro-Israel students take over the student government and reverse the vote .
That is how AIPAC operates in our nation ’s capitol .
This is how AIPAC must operate on our nation ’s campuses .
Also included among those chosen to address the students was attorney and militant Zionist Alan Dershowitz , who , reports JTA reporter Ben Harris , was “ greeted like a rock star . ”
Here ’s Harris ’s report [ HT to Pulse ] :
Kessler ’s remarks were aimed at the March 18 16 - 4 vote by the Associated Students of the University of California Berkeley Senate to support a resolution calling for the university to divest from investment in companies providing military support to Israel .
The resolution was vetoed by ASUC president Will Smelko on March 24 .
Man Comics mixes the modern sensibility of a gentleman 's men's magazine with the high - adventure of a classic comic book .
If you 're not a woman , it has everything you could possibly want .
And if you are a woman , it 's got your favorite thing of all : a reason to complain .
While I 'm on the subject , you ladies get all the hottest body parts and now you want a comic book of your own too ?
How about you let us have just this one thing ?
Alright , fellas , now that they 're gone we can all practice kissing .
Related :
” Child pornography is great , ” the speaker at the podium declared enthusiastically .
” It is great because politicians understand child pornography .
By playing that card , we can get them to act , and start blocking sites .
And once they have done that , we can get them to start blocking file sharing sites ” .
The venue was a seminar organized by the American Chamber of Commerce in Stockholm on May 27 , 2007 , under the title ” Sweden — A Safe Haven for Pirates ? ” .
The speaker was Johan Schlüter from the Danish Anti-Piracy Group , a lobby organization for the music and film industry associations , like IFPI and others .
I was there together with two other pirates , Pirate Party leader Rick Falkvinge , and veteran Internet activist Oscar Swartz .
Oscar wrote a column about the seminar in Computer Sweden just after it had happened .
Rick blogged about it later , and so did I .
( All links in Swedish . )
” One day we will have a giant filter that we develop in close cooperation with IFPI and MPA .
We continuously monitor the child porn on the net , to show the politicians that filtering works .
Child porn is an issue they understand , ” Johan Schlüter said with a grin , his whole being radiating pride and enthusiasm from the podium .
And seen from the perspective of IFPI and the rest of the copyright lobby , he of course had every reason to feel both proud and enthusiastic , after the success he had had with this strategy in Denmark .
Today , the file sharing site The Pirate Bay is blocked by all major Internet service providers in Denmark .
The strategy explained by Mr. Schlüter worked like clockwork .
Start with child porn , which everybody agrees is revolting , and find some politicians who want to appear like they are doing something .
Never mind that the blocking as such is ridiculously easy to circumvent in less than 10 seconds .
The purpose at this stage is only to get the politicians and the general public to accept the principle that censorship in the form of ” filters ” is okay .
Once that principle has been established , it is easy to extend it to other areas , such as illegal file sharing .
And once censorship of the Internet has been accepted in principle , they can start looking at ways to make it more technically difficult to circumvent .
In Sweden , the copyright lobby tried exactly the same tactic a couple of months after the seminar where Johan Schlüter had been speaking .
In July 2007 , the Swedish police was planning to add The Pirate Bay to the Swedish list of alleged child pornography sites , that are blocked by most major Swedish ISPs .
The police made no attempt whatsoever at contacting anybody from The Pirate Bay , which they of course should have done if they had actually found any links to illegal pictures of sexual child abuse .
The plan was to just censor the site , and at the same time create a guilt - by - association link between file sharing and child porn .
In the Swedish case , the plan backfired when the updated censorship list leaked before it was put into effect .
After an uproar in the bloggosphere , the Swedish police was eventually forced to back down from the claim that they had found illegal child abuse pictures , or had any other legal basis for censoring the file sharing site .
Unlike in Denmark , The Pirate Bay is not censored in Sweden today .
But the copyright lobby never gives up .
If they are unable to get what they want on the national level , they will try through the EU , and vice versa .
The big film and record companies want censorship of the net , and they are perfectly willing to cynically use child porn as an excuse to get it .
All they needed was a politician who was prepared to do their bidding , without spending too much effort on checking facts , or reflecting on the wisdom of introducing censorship on the net .
Unfortunately they found one in the newly appointed Swedish EU commissioner Cecilia Malmström .
In March 2010 she presented an EU directive to introduce filtering of the net , exactly along to the lines that Johan Schlüter was advocating in his speech at the seminar in 2007 .
I assume that commissioner Malmströms ’s motives are honourable , and that she genuinely believes she is doing something good that will prevent sexual child abuse .
But sweeping a problem under the carpet , or hiding it behind filters , can never be the proper solution .
If there actually are sites distributing pictures of sexual child abuse openly on the net , the sites should be shut down and the people behind them should be put in prison ( after a proper trial ) .
But Cecilia Malmström ‘s
Internet censorship directive will have no effect at all on sexual child abuse in the world .
All she will have achieved if she is successful with this directive , will be to legitimize the principle of Internet censorship in Europe , just like the copyright lobby wanted her to .
It would be very sad if she succeeds .
…………
Also in English :
Andra bloggar om : piratpartiet , eu , politik , informationspolitik
19 May 2010 Wikileaks website reopens : http://www.wikileaks.org/wiki/Wikileaks
19 April 2010 Wikileaks Insider Messages : http://cryptome.org/0001/wikileaks-mess.htm
FORWARDED BY pgpboard[at]yahoogroups.com MSG 034 18.14GMT WIKILEAKS ..SNAKE OIL or JUST A HACKERS WET DREAM ??
------------------------------------------------
Its interesting to note that WIKILEAKS is floundering somewhat from a lack of funds ..
The Daily Telegraph reports that the majority of the funds raised will go towards paying the website 's hosting costs , which are widely distributed across several countries and are heavily secured against attack .
In an interview joint founder Assange brags that WikiLeaks has no headquarters , no office , no formal structure other than the name and the truth - seeking ideology attached to it .
Co -founder or not , Assange is clear about who holds power at Wikileaks .
Who gets the final call in a dispute ?
" Me , actually , " Assange ( former hacker ) says .
" I 'm the final decision if the document is legit . "
( This is not reassuring ) ..
Assange brags about how lean the organisation is with no premises etc ...
Then one assumes he would fully disclose his operating costs .
Detailing just why he is looking for a cool $ 600 K for such a low overhead operation .
( $ 600 K overall budget and just $ 200 K to keep the lights on . )
Existing donors are somewhat concerned , and have refused to bankroll Assange without acceptable accounting and audit procedures , including past expenditures .
This is the reason why WIKILEAKS is spinning its wheels .
Its an issue of Assanges credibility , and NOT the philosophy behind WIKILEAKS .
No transparency or audit trails concerning operating procedures , or a technical review of security and technology issues which are supposed to protect whistleblowers ;
Very lax procedures concerning the use encryption technology and document verification using digital signatures .
WIKILEAKS is a very serious accident just waiting to happen , they convince the whistle blower that their anonimity is protected , and their data is secured .
NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH .
Unfortunately someone in an oppressive third world environment is going to suffer the consequences of Julian Assange 's security assurance snake oil pitch .
What we have here is a high profile ex-hacker trawling for $ 600 K operating expenses .
Anyone with a few bucks can buy into Assange 's snake oil , including fronts for any government agency anywhere .
From that moment on audited accounts do n't seem to be available .
A WIKILEAKS Insider .... eof .. return path pgpboard@gmail.com PGPBOARD PUBLIC KEY
------------------- mQGQBEuOo5UBDBi7WvcyDSMmhxHddabFzwzD8ugyFCFjm20imrLZ7m3W8uxQX9KP
FVgXQ1olqwiZplLBVFuXaSnBpHmBO+UHnRewRY87fe3wDT0kIS7aya5p37ogMNzo iFzkK2Cl9rXmCCb/v/37QlIpNuPUF6BOpTY7YyRXwvAsaOTTp5AW9HYWxh3gQsAt
KrHD2 jHXQ5m60/1BGzLRHSaMkthpiiaznbH4d8bp2dQet4u7EzU9aBoMJthfjd1d LkTkchsBC8f3PXbLvbawRclNvXPiihto/VzN402Q8Mt0SSBMpn70EGwa6Z8/hxsV
6EGvS8ntzj4zYxyZmvO4LFwQF28deSOa/m2YJ93L7BdXQDgvo/NESZbsuGfjylf8 hOK26nC3BBUHzEO9raXvm+qsYi90w2y0fM48mym9B+flvyJ8 sPauiHXBEXLIZU9D f05ndOw0/DZbxziqz7+eP3aGcZGWOTpcDrsIKAkCvTXaXKXvbovgad+IAj8bvMLg awpqTyyvQ8bD642l4oUAEQEAAbQrV2Fsc2hpbmdoYW0yMDAwIDx3YWxzaGluZ2hh bTIwMDBAeWFob28uY29tPokCDwQQAQIAdgUCS4+FPTAUgAAAAAAgAAdwcmVmZXJy
ZWQtZW1haWwtZW5jb2RpbmdAcGdwLmNvbXBncG1pbWUICwIJCAcDAQoCGQEZGGxk YXA6Ly9rZXlzZXJ2ZXIucGdwLmNvbQUbAwAAAAUWAgADAQUeAQAAAAYVCggJAwIA
CgkQGGKZqTdU70 jHRAwVGQxdEaq1Ama2g0NviLjGMBVXl2SRuhiztyMR0t6A/cUd CCAZHp1iknDzNxrMsPz6FhQMsVVPwPdASuFPII17p3CanhV1x+DSjVKWL9JTMfg8 ozzq4OkjsCEA7G2Lg4F8Us8hwxPBCXiDqeFZtRFhjh8MX/vuhklsdiTpOAMRf1BK +mFdWhntGatfQqHZNyrkjV1O+0t2am44eXVrFGb5/cgkeKq763NNrC9rpxkrWaS2 kfOkdl5lTZ5kJI2IGbOFdLoa+Flm9/+cUuDhl35h5ruxIY/FbU6B+tWih/KZ+uG9 e0wNRF4+v772sb7UwVWRkbHIzmXd9FWnJIdS0
QUxmc9rUdnRr5b7USqEXjcPAcUL
FayZSCcwz6wydZ6MM2h1NJ7ilFulv2D/PQvkhsEUx5+7Rh276+iCVMS0c/xsO6Ya gIeAo8 jCjqXIuPkFTi/D7knI2GnQ3kzB4fL8zV2bWO7vxQs37LPA0TZZrtJinqVt GLR9foouab6QIiNdhyAosaduiQEVAwUQS53ottRxwDYVZv9RAQL3Mwf/URSvXI0d APBZXaFC4U5YLQINtj+sIKZOurouNoIyb2YctcoW/q2/Egyguq1FIhDkaN03s2XX u1fn9braRRAkJAqQnFUhuvpNTujOYx7O6YiCLh8A43Z1Ndg3HLhwj0kxo5Iu98ZX zf8nkPzoUXn+GR4Qr6yTWA8zM/btJU+P/QwCeUEmP6yLGmFgX80xtuqczJEo3RO9
Ur9f5cCxdrD+/eKkWcDsUV/OPujtgLzIGolsDsniNyk42qnrklPWpaWnMrOoLNtu xfUXLlN2uCDzb5WgzglBDSTXOdVifrdPHHPKAMk9cvPaoEcfW9cpoVeIWXDIrTTI 7WUWcZONL2t1arkBDQRLjqOWAQgAo7cgfAcLBMBgrclXYOj64vMuOwy42plXiij9 jmIREF6zLIBMQoTSztkz3zq7cNAkL5ut+2zfti+pr2ejldmStlpzIcTFVL1thq5l EVLOFx2WlwPnVEHZy+Xretqz8aGVIJTV9j0yUePbm4kF4oHu50QoPWVcjL/FOPzV
GqC2Qho8h58uGzMZGetgbffBS82lxIQyPsA23iN7IgHWUlh1BElRr7cB/Th/LJqW
xgTRMDGbYdQXr+51P/leBkLydsc//z2h2UxofJrgogUzM6RSDr6CVx1rfzSdk0
CM ueZi6VyJ/89uw7+zKXJsD6XKGwBBRLGVPoY4Vl8sY6gI1qUmswARAQABiQLEBBgB
AgErBQJLjqOXBRsMAAAAwF0gBBkBCAAGBQJLjqOWAAoJEIN3
+WUxOZ0DABcH/3DD
mRu9mLtlnfJSMaloZEEtoLCYUKelIj5YceDt8Z+kkT1X89jqsYIXe+lgmxo89Kxi tu+FMYyIfATJKuV0on4FQv6t0759WNA1r4Rb+UsviaNXC6IYS1hK8Xzou6XWjKJr szVjftfbH6bsV0EBsuZoqwXD4mehsotkazL58/mMBpsNclZ+hENMISrGO85lizob 61Do5Lqp4fL+3nJClzI+3OVMcryWObKq9DG3zrjT6F1T5FU7uD/73uR6OWNDHdsf y7hBQmtFVaxzOg10kiBmwTft5jKh4dULXJJwBeR+faU4BOGkKH6XW6GrsjkX39B8 9/TMv+KXOF37WzVQhTUACgkQGGKZqTdU70hXTwwXWw4tCwEZwtbyR0IkNn2rXFUW
mq7/QwxQtAsFRpGn2USSJWOXb9PSfpAJ4ZryaD1aildSNfMh6gbymi4XXbp3Q5z9 atBWy9KK5kvmFY48Gd33oJiRdQ4A0p7dlOVpQxaE+y93ZbGGd55K7ingGkncDxJW
gxaLJKroi4k2uDv5jiiJgXkD9ocAAPNIz7cEtuQ3jXfu7pYfzRSobwC9/1GGjwIg mtxMG4115OtCdXjLUdREYHO/yWcQwPk9BzMwfqCl7ZU7apma8J1iEMnSyaZiEgMt 1kc+oCxagrYB1YIMlfCixXinl+okUGRzVTE/cAxOYCQiFkbaBu3lgiWJCsbD3oCx
ExNGPSuYsE7cFPnkqjqmNFEQwe9WhrTECfesVSZm2zy8oxQArSwvzLPM945EjAi6
aEeK7G3/lIfqtHlrDyhT0
GkmtLnaWhPxWBzWMncXPvxJS66jWkUE0M6fp5pSAMoM
BOkrIvxEoR/DxrlZfkeQ3tUTHVabZ3SMKfiQ1J9yn6GJuQGQBEuOo5cBDBjCUIi5 xnn0yM+6eNixud69TDx1uK2m4/xv8yAUNG3B1WgquDCDIeK9KtjjpuJRBy4G7l/T
Oxl30F1YiqCbHAmEeDFVAEqw63E9dsF7GEpL7crJhiqeRSkGQcOz7+wgsHtYkjyi u1Ca/ZBKw1h4lXWtnbaiFrIXU9UAppK3Wzt5EMkWgXJ2+zPKWfa84n7XvvH/dTrz 6KhrwZ49Ma0qxJ2V6U4GU+tRbY9JZh01TuE+yObs3Ea80da/JDn5AWkgaS95gMXw
UwSdrIoCj7dsJsjShxIyTnrshDyWykpVvSnGCBnVuH/5HB7mCvS+2RYOHpqjHbL0 iyfszbl5WRs3CzeFUBP1RXSfzcRkb2gq14M4RLjqWqC8m5MRa6Z/E75Vdqwtd3Qa 2yEPNpSZVHa9JVANkVvbufHlHXMiu5tO1MChVev49d/Wu0uRaz9/vdD6SeYu8yIv qdXoDquYsuuG/Iu/sZFZqFbhK30dkLov3uw8oD4ISJjdJ+O03BwneXl9a9LXrKMA
EQEAAYkDRwQYAQIBrgUCS46jmQUbAgAAAMDgIAQZAQgABgUCS46jmAAKCRCNBdtD
TZvjevunDBdJnxdGyYPP0KtXgkpvMDAG+3YJjIvpi0wl/SrMPH4P0
pBnTGpOTQM+
TP1wcrkSNYpotY5qmDtXK2pCOkB2NtXVMouwayjVUMg7Nt/3j5hQy7mHiw+JgH2y
PjQeBUaxFwWnD1CDWsjkUQonrx6NV0Dhp7TkbGfqang2VUfy0OSUZ3ZhjzLSzIAK
Psb4L9AoFfg0BYUKFgoN3mtA3y7iwN0/582JP0AGRlGPgLEalKRs+aZxm2fa816 m /b3/gbRoXTJfpH8tUi4bd0rOdSbJQOqFtByq8v+0aZVgImMF0if6ciiIuRwCFe/E rQC7gIQB/Hdpd6/2WvnDQkdacrAo2G8YcjrTxLnwKb5ExhINizdYTvy1knBkSe4e kDufmi20VSt2A2yCShoPOiYhXAZ2XWi2J75K569bZ4P/jD05/1WY0Qm26RE7o/LJ
oG2DQZmxOUgx80shxmTmuQxISOfMbJVE2/5p4CQfa2iAokD6hCfv8swpqjiTdWEH
Wpu13kJ8XUtJB1gACgkQGGKZqTdU70joKQwYgC4gzgZG/4YMWIACQO9k33KiSqTW
BcsNwGD /IoH1VWKCkpiFT7l+0gZkLy9hG6OvPBsoE9QdAnKbuV9O1mWEZd1IL6bW pqrkAEFvPweXGwHC3huFkmE+G7CNN0F+ZCIBdBoeAwgV1tFdAbsPcNkUw7IQUJFc
+2oiqH6eDs93joIV6cKwN98IjwhHBuWEoXjpS56ujbsTClshnuv9NsTNZJUV6FKS
uq3A0eTvMEs9FD+tTESV5H6tdsXnkRiliOSiuKcT8xcXBtccLjqi7O+fhq3lsqkn zx7mAay3Y8abarUoictnKB3gT5Tgb/1u5MM+x33HpA67EWqPmEEyMt4u+bW48Qyf 9ALM+vWVTayOKdmiCtqNoBTS+mFsYrZhASjgXXdSjBY98HR5jpXtGJM1f7hfof3 F ze8+zMNGLDOJsy9UYiobp6TnblJJb2G75PC1h9YFd2BEXJwh2vpas0DIdT+Ww08R 9LMXpjPI3axmeJpXutOZgzi1ZMV3cq1TsOvqsL1Y
=FjVu -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK -----
This is a eulogy for ACORN as we knew it .
Our premier anti-poverty organization has been forced into a massive reorganization , and its future is unclear .
If we care about democracy , we should study the story of what happened to ACORN , or the Assn. of Community Organizations for Reform Now .
It is true that in its rush to recruit people and build its organization , ACORN was sometimes sloppy and should have supervised its people more closely .
But those faults could have been corrected and ACORN ’s singular contributions to our polity sustained .
More than any other national organization , ACORN succeeded in bringing the voices of the poor into domestic politics .
The group had its roots in the welfare rights movement of the mid-1960s , when impoverished Americans joined together to demand benefits they were entitled to but often denied .
By 1966 , these small local groups had banded together to become the National Welfare Rights Organization .
Their campaign attracted young activists who called themselves community organizers , and in 1970 the movement gave birth to ACORN , which set out to organize a broader swath of low - income Americans .
Sarah Palin and her ilk mock the term “ community organizer ” because they are blind to the vision of an inclusive democracy that lies behind it .
The community organizers at ACORN were deeply committed to expanding our democracy to include people whose interests and needs otherwise get short shrift .
They were highly effective in reaching out to people in poor and working - class neighborhoods , identifying their concerns and fashioning strategies to resolve them .
Their small victories built community organizations , ultimately making the group a force not only in local politics but in state and national politics as well .
ACORN held a profoundly optimistic view of democratic possibility in America , and those who ridicule that vision do our country a serious disservice .
ACORN ’s most extreme critics have attacked the group as a tool of some Marxist cabal intent on overthrowing American democracy .
There is irony in this .
ACORN ’s campaigns were inspired by nothing so much as faith in the potential of American democracy .
As far back as 1972 , ACORN ’s neighborhood organizations in Arkansas campaigned for more parks and better schools , for fair distribution of community development funds and for an end to racially discriminatory real estate practices .
And through it all , the group registered voters as part of a goal to increase participation in government by low - income citizens .
The political climate of the Reagan era was hostile to an organization devoted to building power among working and poor people .
ACORN nevertheless persevered , launching campaigns against predatory lending and for low - cost housing , environmental justice , a living wage and school reform .
One study by an independent analyst put the monetary value of legislative and other victories won by ACORN in behalf of its constituents at $ 1.5 billion a year between 1995 and 2005 .
Meanwhile , ACORN campaigns nurtured an amazing cadre of proud local leaders , most of them African American women .
In 2004 , in the battleground state of Florida , ACORN developed a strategy to increase the electoral participation of poor Floridians by helping put a referendum on the ballot to raise the state ’s minimum wage , which at the time was $ 5.15 an hour .
Organizers hoped the lure of a ballot referendum to raise wages would mobilize more liberal voters , who would also then cast a vote in the presidential race .
In the end , George W. Bush beat John Kerry by 381,000 votes in Florida , but 3.1 million voters , or 71 % of the electorate , voted for the minimum - wage increase .
ACORN ’s success in the Florida minimum - wage fight came at a cost .
Conservatives and business leaders who opposed the initiative took aim at the organization in hopes of discrediting a political enemy .
An alleged whistle - blower claimed knowledge of an ACORN conspiracy to fraudulently register voters ; a major Republican law firm with ties to the Chamber of Commerce and other business interests launched lawsuits ; and government investigations ensued .
But while there were lapses on the part of some of the people ACORN paid to register voters , the organization was not found to have deliberately done anything wrong .
Having Barack Obama in office does not negate the need for an organization like ACORN .
A progressive president needs a mobilized base , and ACORN knew how to mobilize a base .
Today , the circumstances of low - income Americans are worsening , and public policies or their absence are a large part of the reason .
As in the Depression , and again in the 1960s , we once more need wide - scale protest movements to save American democracy .
It ’s a shame ACORN wo n’t be around to help organize them .
Frances Fox Piven is on the political science and sociology faculty at the Graduate Center of City University of New York .
Lorraine C. Minnite is the author of “ The Myth of Voter Fraud . ”
The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment .
The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment , Nintendo Co. , Ltd. , of Kyoto , Japan , manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Wii U™ and Wii™ home consoles , Nintendo 3DS ™ and Nintendo DS™ family of portable systems .
Since 1983 , when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System™ , Nintendo has sold more than 4.3 billion video games and more than 680 million hardware units globally , including the current - generation Wii U , Wii , Nintendo 3DS , Nintendo DS , Nintendo DSi™ and Nintendo DSi XL™ , as well as the Game Boy™ , Game Boy Advance™ , Super NES™ , Nintendo 64 ™ and Nintendo GameCube™ systems .
It has also created industry icons that have become well - known , household names such as Mario™ , Donkey Kong™ , Metroid™ , Zelda™ and Pokémon™ .
A wholly owned subsidiary , Nintendo of Europe , based in Grossostheim , Germany , was established in 1990 and serves as headquarters for Nintendo 's operations in Europe .
Using the River for Transportation
» Can ferries play a useful role in the broader public transportation system ?
Most major cities are situated along some body of water — usually a river or two , often a lake or the ocean .
There ’s a good reason for this : waterways played an important role historically as transportation links for people and freight .
They also allowed connections across barriers insurmountable by ground - based transportation ; in the early 1900s , for example , ferries were the only mode of transport between Manhattan and Northern New Jersey .
But new technologies allowing the construction of underwater road and rail tunnels and the general improvement of ground - based transportation systems have reduced the importance of boats for the average commuter in the urban environment .
In some cities , of course , the ferry never died out as a transportation mode — Venice ’s Vaporetto water bus continues to be the primary mode of transit in that pedestrian city ; in North America , both Seattle and Vancouver have extensive operations because of their water - bound geography .
But for the most part , cities that grew up around their respective rivers have come to ignore them as potential corridors for transit service , citing the slow speed of water - bound travel and the difficulty of getting from the waterfront to business or residential districts .
Yet the transformation of many inner-city waterfronts from industrial zones to parks surrounded by walkable dense neighborhoods has reawakened an interest in using boats for transportation operations .
With water views and fresh air , water taxis could be an appealing alternative to more mainstream forms of transit .
The news this week that a company called American River Taxi plans to begin transit operations later this year between several of Washington , D.C. ’s major waterfront zones is only the latest example of such an initiative .
The Potomac Riverboat Company currently operates a route between Alexandria and National Harbor .
Boats provide a unique opportunity to improve urban transportation because their use requires very little construction spending : unlike trains or buses , they can take advantage of a natural resource to move about , rather than having to rely on a built rail or road route .
The only capital expenses required are in the erection of ferry terminals and the purchase of the boats themselves .
Replacing some ferry routes with bridges or tunnels for ground - based transportation would cost billions of dollars .
From this perspective , the investment in new boat routes between Georgetown , the Southwest Waterfront , the Navy Yard , Alexandria , and National Harbor could provide significant new connections to areas of the Washington region that do n’t have direct transit links today .
Each of these neighborhoods has seen significant redevelopment over the past decade , already features a ferry dock , and may be able to attract enough traffic for the service provider to stay afloat .
On the other hand , urban water taxi operations typically have higher operations costs than equivalent trains or buses because they carry a relatively small number of people per vehicle and they consume large amounts of diesel fuel per mile .
The ferry between New York ’s Rockaway Peninsula and Lower Manhattan costs a total of $ 26 to operate per passenger trip , of which passengers are charged $ 6 — all for a trip that takes longer than an equivalent subway ride .
In terms of ecological consequences , the high energy consumption levels of boats do n’t make them particularly environmentally friendly , either .
These efficiencies improve significantly when passenger demand is higher and the size of boats increase .
New York ’s free Staten Island Ferry carries about 60,000 passengers a day on a 5 - mile route and has operating costs per passenger trip of about six dollars .
The city ’s subway system , on the other hand , costs about $ 2 per passenger trip to operate , mostly covered by fares .
Thus even busy ferries suffer from relatively high operations costs .
But these expenses are easier to bear than would be the construction of new routes for ground - based transportation , frequently extraordinarily costly .
If capital and operations costs were put into the same pot , ferries would come out looking more economical than buses or trains .
Nonetheless , water taxis face a fundamental challenge resulting from the fact that most people are n’t interested in traveling from one waterfront to another , which is really all that a boat can do .
Indeed , ferries work best in cities like Hong Kong where the city ’s core is directly adjacent to the water .
Companies like New York Waterway operate connecting bus shuttles between ferry docks and surrounding neighborhoods to make up for the problem , but this required connection increases overall travel time and reduces the appeal of the ferry , no matter how nice the ride across the river may be .
In most American cities , where business centers are separated from the water ( often by large highways ) , it is unclear whether water taxis will ever produce significant ridership .
Serving similar routes between Manhattan and New Jersey , New York Waterway carries about 30,000 daily passengers , compared to 250,000 on the PATH railway .
Of course , part of the difference is that while PATH is subsidized , the Waterway is not and therefore charges much higher fares necessary to make up operations costs .
Should the government agree to subsidize operations costs for ferries , just as they do for trains and buses ?
Is there a good reason why ferries are not incorporated into the broader public transportation systems of most cities ?
If the routes proposed for Washington turn out to be a financial bust , should the city step in to ensure that the people using the boats continue to receive services at a reasonable fare ?
The answer largely depends on whether the city wants to use transportation as a tool to develop land near the waterfront , since the ferries are probably not going to play a significant role as transit .
Water taxi service could help Washington encourage new construction along its rivers ; a high operations subsidy may be the price to pay to attract private investors onto once inhospitable sites .
Image above : New York Water Taxi , from Flickr user WEST - ULTRA ( cc )
He did it again , and with his usual style we ’ve gotten used to .
Steve Jobs has replied to a customer mail regarding the future support for the iPhone 2G ( do you even remember it ? ) and clearly said :
“ Sorry , no .
Sent from my iPhone ”
So , the first generation iPhone wo n’t be supported anymore from Apple .
And this is quite fair , as technology moves forward and old models are left behind .
We did n’t get any confirmation about this at the latest Apple event , except that iPhone OS 4.0 is n’t entirely compatible with the iPhone 3G and old iPod Touch .
But now , Steve himself that not only the iPhone 2G wo n’t run OS 4.0 as it should , but that Apple is officially dropping support for it .
You should upgrade your phone , folks .
Check out the mail screenshot after the break .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group
Inc ’s top executive boasted in late 2007 about the money the investment bank was making from betting against risky mortgages , according to a collection of e-mails released by a Senate panel on Saturday .
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein attends a speech by U.S. President Barack Obama about financial regulation at Cooper Union in New York April 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Natalie Behring
The emails were released ahead of a hearing on Tuesday by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations into the origins of the financial crisis and come as the bank battles a fraud suit by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The emails could also help bolster support for financial regulation legislation that is due to come to the floor of the Senate on Monday .
“ Of course we did n’t dodge the mortgage mess .
We lost money , then made more than we lost because of shorts , ” Goldman Sachs Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an e-mail dating from November 2007 .
“ Sounds like we will make some serious money , ” said Goldman Sachs executive Donald Mullen in a separate group of e-mails from October 2007 about the performance of deteriorating second - lien positions in a collateralized debt obligation , or CDO .
The SEC suit charges Goldman hid vital information from investors about a subprime mortgage - linked security .
The subcommittee is due to hear from Blankfein and other Goldman executives about the role of investment banks in the financial crisis .
Senator Carl Levin , the chairman of the subcommittee , said the emails showed Goldman “ made a lot of money by betting against the mortgage market . ”
“ Investment banks such as Goldman Sachs were not simply market - makers , they were self - interested promoters of risky and complicated financial schemes that helped trigger the crisis , ” Levin said in a statement .
Lucas van Praag , a spokesman for Goldman , said Levin ’s subcommittee had “ cherry - picked just four e-mails from almost 20 million pages of documents and e-mails provided to it by Goldman Sachs .
It is concerning that the subcommittee seems to have reached its conclusion even before holding a hearing . ”
Van Praag said that Goldman ’s profit and loss statements for 2007 and 2008 demonstrated “ conclusively ” that the firm did not make a “ significant amount of money ” in the mortgage market .
“ What it does show , ” he said , “ is that we had net losses of over $ 1.2 billion in residential mortgage - related products in the period .
As a firm , we obviously could not have been significantly net short since we lost money in a declining housing market . ”
FORETELLING THE CRASH
Goldman says it did not act against its clients ’ interests .
An internal briefing paper prepared by Goldman for Tuesday ’s hearing says there was debate among Goldman executives in the spring of 2007 about the direction of the subprime residential market .
But some at Goldman were certain the subprime mortgage market was going to crash .
The Wall Street Journal quoted a March 2007 email from Fabrice Tourre , a bond trader and the only individual defendant in the SEC suit , as saying subprime borrowers would not last long .
“ According to Sparks , that business is totally dead , and the poor little subprime borrowers will not last so long !!! ”
Tourre wrote to his girlfriend , the journal said .
Daniel Sparks , a former head of the mortgages department at Goldman , and Tourre , are among those due to testify to Levin ’s subcommittee .
The SEC’s April 16 lawsuit accuses Goldman of fraud for failing to tell clients that the debt securities they were buying had input from hedge fund Paulson & Co , which stood to benefit if the securities lost value .
John Paulson said his firm , not investors , will pay any legal fees related to the SEC lawsuit , the journal reported .
Five senior executives at Goldman sold company stock after the firm received notice from the SEC in July of possible fraud charges , the journal also reported .
The sales , totaling $ 65.4 million between October 2009 and February 2010 , were made by co-general counsel Esta Stecher , vice chairmen Michael Evans and Michael Sherwood , principal accounting officer Sarah Smith and board member John Bryan , it said .
Sparking imperatives
Here is a fun hack I came up with while working on vector and repa .
One way to express parallelism in Haskell is to write x `par` y ( this comes from package parallel ) .
This is equivalent to y but tells the compiler that it might be a good idea to start evaluating x in parallel with y .
For example , this code says that the two expensive computations should be executed concurrently :
let x = expensive computation 1 y = expensive computation 2 in ( x `par` y ) `pseq` ( x+y )
The pseq is necessary because we have to tell the compiler to evaluate x `par` y before x+y .
This is all explained in Algorithm + Strategy = Parallelism .
Internally , when x `par` y is evaluated the runtime system creates a spark for x .
A spark is a bit like a thread but cheaper .
The RTS maintains a queue of sparks and evaluates them whenever it has a spare CPU or core .
The scheduling algorithm is based on work stealing and is really quite sophisticated .
A detailed description of the RTS is given in Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell .
Let ’s try to abuse this mechanism a bit by sparking ST computations rather than pure ones .
Here is how :
parST :: ST s a ->
ST s a parST m = x `par` return x where x = runST ( unsafeIOToST noDuplicate >> unsafeCoerce m)
First , we create a thunk x which , when evaluated , runs the ST computation m .
The parallel RTS will sometimes evaluate thunks twice which is fine for pure computations ( it just duplicates work ) but could be disastrous for stateful ones since it could duplicate side effects .
The call to noDuplicate ( from GHC.IO ) ensures that this does n’t happen .
Then , we spark x and return it .
Note that return is lazy and does n’t evaluate x .
This is absolutely crucial .
It is quite possible to implement parST in terms of forkIO .
However , sparks are much cheaper than threads ( yes , even than GHC threads ) which means that this implementation ought to support much more fine - grained parallelism .
So how do we use parST ?
The basic idea is to spark computations , do something else for a while and then synchronise by demanding the results :
do x <- parST $ foo bar x `seq` return ()
The last line ensures that foo is executed one way or another : either in parallel to bar or after bar when its result is demanded by seq .
We can capture an instance of this pattern in a combinator :
( | || ) :: ST s ( ) -> ST s ( ) -> ST s ( ) p ||| q = do u <- runST p q u `seq` return ()
This is quite straightforward to use .
Here is a rather simple - minded version of in - place Quicksort :
qsort :: ( MVector v a , Ord a ) => v s a -> ST s ( ) qsort v | n < 2 = return ( ) | otherwise = do x <- unsafeRead v ( n `div` 2 ) i <- unstablePartition ( < x ) v qsort ( unsafeSlice 0 i v ) | || qsort ( unsafeSlice ( max i 1 ) ( n - i ) v ) where n = length v
This looks just like sequential Quicksort except that the two recursive calls are potentially executed in parallel .
Interestingly , the programming model that parST gives us is very well known ( e.g. , as lazy threads ) .
In particular , Cilk , which I rather like , is based on a very similar approach .
It is quite amazing that we can get this with basically 2 lines of Haskell code .
This leaves two questions .
Firstly : is it safe ?
I think ( but I ’m not sure ) that the answer is yes for IO ( we can define parIO similarly to parST ) but it is definitely not safe for ST .
Here is an example that produces different results depending on scheduling and compiler optimisations :
let x = runST ( do { r <- newSTRef 0 ; writeSTRef r 1 ||| writeSTRef r 2 ; readSTRef r } ) y = runST ( do { r <- newSTRef 0 ; writeSTRef r 1 | || writeSTRef r 2 ; readSTRef r } ) in x == y
It ought to be possible to build a safe library on top of it , though .
So what about performance ?
Alas , I do n’t have time to pursue this at the moment so I have absolutely no idea .
The only real benchmark I tried is Introsort from Dan Doel ’s vector - algorithms which I parallelised like Quicksort above ( that is , I changed exactly one line ) .
The chart below shows the running times for sorting 10 M random elements ( in seconds ) vs. the number of cores on an 8 - core XServe .
Clearly , it does things in parallel but it does n’t really scale .
I have my suspicions as to why this is the case ( I blame noDuplicate ) but I need to investigate more .
It is quite encouraging , however , that the very naive parallel algorithm is barely slower than the sequential one on 1 core ( 1.98s vs. 2.08s ) .
Walking , talking embodiment of the slap - bass Bootsy Collins has declared , “ The state of funk today is kind of funked up ” — and while that 's something we say around the A.V.
Club offices , like , every single day , Collins has announced that he plans to do something about it by establishing his own Funk University .
Sort of a University of Phoenix for people who hang out at Guitar Center a lot , the web - only Funk U. — a partnership between Collins and former child actor Cory Danziger — will feature exclusive video lectures from Collins and guest teachers such as Flea , Les Claypool , John B. Williams , and Victor Wooten on funk history and how to make the funky most of your bass , with funky periodic staff reviews of student performances .
Classes begin July 1 , and you can pre-enroll now ( at $ 34.99 a month or $ 349.99 a year ) at the school ’s website , where you ’ll also find a few preliminary warm - up lessons and a sneak peek at everything the university has to offer , from audio resources to bass tabs to places where students can upload their original music and have it chewed over by Collins himself .
Unfortunately , there ’s no price structure in place for anyone who wants to audit the school first with an individual lesson , but hey , if you ca n’t trust Bootsy Collins to bring the funk , you should probably just stop trusting other people with your funk - bringing in the first place .
From Workday
As credit unions explore how to best utilize their troves of member data , back - office access to this data has remained limited .
Learn how to streamline access to and management of this valuable data that will power the back office into the future .
Download Resource ›
This is an anecdote describing the process of creating a patch I came up with for the python - dateutil module which resulted in significant performance gains .
It ’s a good demonstration of the heapq module included with Python .
For the new version of my RTA bus schedule app , I decided to use the dateutil module for all my time calculations .
This is a fantastic module that makes finding things like “ the 3rd instance into the month of one of Tuesday , Wednesday or Thursday , for the next 3 months ” easy .
Since bus schedules repeat weekly — with special schedules for weekends , from the schedule ’s effective date until the next effective date , with exceptions for holidays — I figured this would make my job much , much easier .
And for the most part , I was right .
Each time listed in a bus schedule ’s time table can be represented as a recurrence rule , and the resulting set of rrules can be combined into an rruleset which defines the whole bus schedule .
But after asking for the next bus time from one of my rrulesets , I was a bit surprised to be waiting more than ten minutes for the result .
In fact one particular query on a rruleset still had n’t terminated even after 40 minutes .
I tried looping over the individual rrules myself to get the answer I wanted , instead of using the rruleset , and that worked in under a minute .
Obviously dateutil ’s rruleset implementation was doing something silly .
So I profiled it .
I queried a rruleset with about 700 rrules starting in June 2006 by asking for the next time in the recurrence after today ( in December 2007 ) .
These were the most expensive calls reported by cProfile1 ( output trimmed to points of interest ) :
261917242 function calls in 686.251 CPU seconds ncalls tottime filename: lineno ( function ) 152824 513.894 { method ' sort ' of ' list ' objects} 129590630 83.894 rrule.py:842( __cmp__ ) 129590630 82.439 {cmp} 153900 1.296 rrule.py :399 ( _iter ) 304393/151570 0.963 rrule.py :102( _iter_cached ) 57358 0.630 rrule . py :780 ( wdayset ) 151570 0.510 rrule.py : 864 ( _iter ) 152127 0.232 rrule.py : 836( next )
That pretty much says it all .
Of the 686 seconds ( 11 ½ minutes ) it spent finding the right time , 513 seconds ( 8½ minutes ) were spent calling list .
sort more than 150,000 times .
The remaining time was mostly spent performing comparisons , presumably for all that sorting .
Now , timsort may be good , but that amount of sorting is just excessive .
Let ’s look at the code calling list .
sort .
The relevant portion of rruleset . _iter looks like this :
lastdt =
None total = 0 while rlist : ritem = rlist [ 0 ] if not lastdt or lastdt != ritem.dt : while exlist and exlist [ 0 ] < ritem : exlist [ 0 ] . next ( ) exlist.sort ( ) if not exlist or ritem != exlist [ 0 ] : total += 1 yield ritem.dt lastdt = ritem.dt ritem.next ( ) rlist.sort ( )
What ’s going on here ?
This code yields each date generated by all the rrules in order , the earliest date being first , after checking that it has not been excluded by another rrule ( one that generates holidays , for instance ) .
rlist and exlist are both Python lists consisting of iterators that provide dates on behalf of the rrules via next ( ) .
Both lists operate in this way : each iterator in the list uses its own last retrieved date as its comparison key , which changes on every call to next ( ) , which is why sort ( ) is called again on every iteration — note where these calls are in the code , for later .
The lists start out sorted ( before the while loop ) .
The iterators take care of removing themselves from the list when they are exhausted :
def next ( self ) : try : self .dt = self.gen ( ) except StopIteration : self.genlist.remove( self )
Clearly we can do better than sorting the list on every iteration .
One approach would be to start out sorting the list in O( n log n ) time , then when one of the iterators is advanced ( changing its comparison key ) , remove it from the list and put it back with an insertion sort in O ( n ) time .
It turns out we can do better than that .
You may recall that one of many batteries Python includes is the heapq module , which implements what is also known as a priority queue .
This gives us the following properties : the list can be “ heapified ” in linear time , the first item in the list will always be the smallest , and items can be replaced in near - constant time .
This is a perfect fit for the code above : we only ever care about the smallest item ( the earliest date ) , and it may need to adjust its position in the list after every iteration .
What follows are the very simple changes I made to the code to use heap queues .
First , import it :
import heapq
Then , starting before the while loop over rlist , heapify the lists :
heapq.heapify( rlist ) heapq.heapify( exlist )
Then , wherever the list is sorted after calling next ( ) , instead check to see if the item has removed itself ( recall that this is the responsibility of the iterator ) , and if it ’s still there , use heapreplace to replace the item with itself — in effect , moving it to the correct position given its new comparison key .
In the new while loop , just the calls to sort ( ) have been changed :
while rlist : ritem = rlist [ 0 ] if not lastdt or lastdt != ritem.dt : while exlist and exlist [ 0 ] < ritem : exitem = exlist [ 0 ] exitem.next ( ) if exlist and exlist [ 0 ] is exitem : heapq.heapreplace( exlist , exitem ) if not exlist or ritem != exlist [ 0 ] : total += 1 yield ritem.dt lastdt = ritem.dt ritem.next ( ) if rlist and rlist [ 0 ] is ritem : heapq.heapreplace( rlist , ritem )
There ’s one other place where the lists are modified : where the iterators remove themselves .
This needs to be updated too , since it could mess up the properties of the heap if they just go modifying it in arbitrary places :
def next ( self ) : try : self .dt = self.gen ( ) except StopIteration : if self.genlist [ 0 ] is self : heapq.heappop(self.genlist ) else : self.genlist.remove(self ) heapq.heapify(self.genlist )
In this case , we can use the constant - time heappop if the exhausted item is the smallest , otherwise the list will need to be reheapified after removing it in the same way as the old version .
So what does performance look like now for exactly the same operation ?
5765127 function calls in 13.211 CPU seconds ncalls tottime filename: lineno ( function ) 152137 5.911 { _heapq.heapreplace} 154000 1.226 rrule.py:400 ( _iter ) 1514270 1.021 rrule.py :847( __cmp__ ) 1514270 0.860 {cmp} 304414/151581 0.743 rrule.py :103 ( _iter_cached ) 57378 0.601 rrule .py :781( wdayset ) 151580 0.440 rrule.py : 869 ( _iter )
Yup , thirteen seconds — more than a 52X speedup .
Not bad for a net growth of 8 lines of code .
DATA STRUCTURES :
They work !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
South Dakota may soon make climate - change denial the law of the land , if an effort underway in the state legislature is successful .
Via Brad Johnson , we learn that the state House of Representatives recently passed a new law calling for “ balanced teaching of global warming in the public schools of South Dakota . ”
The resolution , approved by a vote of 36 - 30 , states that public schools should be required to teach students that “ global warming is a scientific theory rather than a proven fact ” and that a variety of “ climatological , meteorological , astrological , thermological , cosmological , and ecological dynamics ” could be changing the weather .
Yes , that ’s astrological , as in horoscopes .
And as Brad Plumer points out , thermology involves the science of infrared body imaging .
Not quite clear what role that might play in global warming .
The state Senate approved an amended version of the resolution that is slightly less kooky , dropping the “ astrological ” and “ thermological ” causes but still asserting that the “ global warming debate ” has “ prejudiced the scientific investigation of global climatic change phenomena . ”
Now the House will decide whether to adopt the amended version .
No matter which version they adopt , it looks like South Dakota could soon be the first state to sign climate change confusion into law .
Electronic
Arts studio DICE , the developers behind Battlefield : Bad Company 2 , has not been shy about calling out fellow first - person shooter Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , published by rival Activision .
The latest shots fired arrive in the form of a DICE blog post announcing their second package of maps for Bad Company 2's multiplayer .
The post is titled : " How to avoid ' mapathy ' without paying , " a dig at Infinity Ward 's viral campaign touting their downloadable content " Stimulus Package . "
" We 're dedicated to taking care of this product for a long time -- helping you avoid ' mapathy ' without getting nickel - and - dimed , " says Karl Magnus Troedsson , the executive producer for Bad Company 2 , in the blog post .
The second piece of Bad Company 2 DLC features two maps , one each for the multiplayer 's Rush and Conquest modes .
The maps are available to players who downloaded VIP codes found in new PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 copies of the game .
According to Troedsson 's
Twitter feed , PC players wo n't need one .
The map pack will launch March 30 , the same day the Modern Warfare 2 DLC arrives .
This is not the first time DICE has lashed out against its competition .
Following a blog post from Infinity Ward community manager Robert Bowling explaining why the PC version of Modern Warfare 2 would drop dedicated servers for its IWNet infrastructure , DICE issued an update stating Bad Company 2 would retain the servers in a post titled " Dedicated to our PC players . "
The single - player campaign of Bad Company 2 also adds a couple quips about the popular Activision shooter , including comments on snowmobiles being " for sissies , " which references a snowmobile chase scene in Modern Warfare 2's solo adventure .
Readers , which game do you prefer , Modern Warfare 2 or Battlefield ?
By Brett Molina
Premier Anna
Bligh says she is open to holding a referendum on daylight saving for the state 's south - east corner .
Through her Twitter account , Ms Bligh appeared to support the idea of Queenslanders once again going to the polls on the issue , after the idea was rejected in a 1992 referendum .
Making the most of the fading sun ...
An independent Queensland MP wants a referendum on introducing daylight saving to South - East Queensland .
Credit : Erin Jonasson
" I'm wondering - after 18 yrs [ sic ] , is it time to give people another say ? " she said .
" Qldrs [ sic ] have never had a say on daylight saving in SEQ only , a split time zone , maybe we should consider - what do you think ? "
Two heavyweights of the Colorado legal community faced off today at the University of Denver law school in a bare - knuckled debate over medical marijuana .
The bout pitted attorney Rob Corry , one of the state ’s most fiery medical - marijuana advocates , against state Attorney General John Suthers , a staunch critic of the current medical - marijuana system .
Think of it as a rhetorical cannabis cage match — a Lincoln - Douglas for legalized dope — held in a packed lecture hall before an audience that was a 2 - 1 mixture of law students and marijuana activists .
Corry , in particular , seemed to figuratively lick his canines in anticipation of the battle .
“ I ’ve been looking forward to this debate for a number of years , ” he said .
Questions and responses in the debate veered from the densely legal to the broadly philosophical to the cautiously predictive , but the lead - off question was a simple one :
Do you believe Colorado ’s medical - marijuana system , approved at the polls in 2000 , is currently what the voters wanted it to be ?
Suthers said it is n’t , arguing that the system is rife with fraud and that proliferation of retail marijuana dispensaries far exceeds the limited criminal - law exemption and small - scale patient - and - caregiver model voters were sold .
Voters should be asked whether they want dispensaries , he said .
“ It creates an affirmative ( criminal ) defense , ” Suthers said of the state ’s medical marijuana constitutional provision .
“ It does n’t create an industry . ”
Corry , naturally , disagreed , saying it was a “ canard ” that voters did n’t realize where the constitutional measure would lead .
“ It does much more than create an affirmative defense , ” Corry said of the law ’s language . “…
It mentions ‘ dispensing . ’
So if dispensing is OK , how can a dispensary not be OK ? ”
And it … was … on .
This being a debate at a law school , a good bit of discussion ventured deep into the stuff of leatherbound books .
There was debate over the Supremacy Clause , the Commerce Clause and the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution — all pillars in the bridge between state and federal laws .
The two lawyers sparred over the details of a state appeals court decision , a U.S. Supreme Court decision and a U.S. Justice Department memo that offers guidance to federal prosecutors in medical - marijuana states .
As a sign of his eager preparation , Corry repeatedly tried to sting Suthers with his own words , quoting passages from one of Suthers ’ books and mentioning a lawsuit Suthers is a part of over federal health care legislation that argues the legislation violates states ’ rights .
“ The federal government needs to leave us alone and let us comply with our constitution , ” Corry said .
Corry said it was illogical for the federal government to “ ban a plant , an herb , a harmless herb . ”
Suthers , though , said his previous words lost their context when applied to medical marijuana .
Particular to the health care lawsuit , Suthers said he is seeking to block further expansion of federal power and said the Supreme Court has already ruled the federal government can regulate marijuana as interstate commerce even if that marijuana is grown and consumed entirely within a medical - marijuana state .
When a student pressed Corry more on that point , Suthers said , “ I appreciate very much a law student bringing some legal realism to the discussion here today . ”
Suthers also disputed Corry ’s characterization of marijuana as harmless , saying he worries about an increase in adolescent marijuana use with attendant negative consequences .
Things grew tense toward the end of the debate — during the questions - from - the - audience portion — when several marijuana activists at different times began screaming at Suthers .
Suthers remained stoic but had a security escort when he left the room following the debate .
“ When we were talking about the issues , I thought it went fine , ” Suthers said later .
Afterward , Corry said , “ There ’s nothing wrong with passion , ” and said he thought the debate went well .
“ I never miss a chance to try to hold a fellow Republican to the principles of limited government and freedom when it comes to drug prohibition , ” Corry said .
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com .
When the Kentucky legislature adjourned sine die on April 15 , 2010 , House Bill 397 , the Kentucky Science Education and Intellectual Freedom Act , died in committee .
Modeled on the Louisiana Science Education Act ( Louisiana Revised Statutes 17:285.1 ) , HB 397 would , if enacted , have allowed teachers to " use , as permitted by the local school board , other instructional materials to help students understand , analyze , critique , and review scientific theories in an objective manner , including but not limited to the study of evolution , the origins of life , global warming , and human cloning . "
A minor novelty in the bill was the phrase " advantages and disadvantages of scientific theories , " a variation on the familiar " strengths and weaknesses " and " evidence for and evidence against " rhetoric .
Kentucky is apparently unique in having a statute ( PDF ; Kentucky Revised Statutes 158.177 ) on the books that authorizes teachers to teach " the theory of creation as presented in the Bible " and to " read such passages in the Bible as are deemed necessary for instruction on the theory of creation . "
Artist Bio
Alex S. MacLean ( born 1947 ) is an American photographic artist who ’s best known for his spectacular aerial photographs .
MacLean graduated as a BA in 1969 from Harvard .
He continued his studies to become an architect in 1973 .
He became interested in aerial scenery while he studied community planning and got a flight permit in 1975 .
Since then he has flown around America and the world in his Cessna 182 taking pictures and he has become a renowned aerial photographer .
His pictures that portray both natural and man-made landscapes have been on display in numerous exhibitions and books .
( wikipedia )
Alex MacLean ’s Website
Bob Chapman
The International Forecaster
April 19 , 2010
One of the reasons for less bank lending is the almost non-existent market for securitized bonds .
Investors have so many bad loans on their books that they refuse to commit to further risky investments .
This means banks are forced to hold this toxic paper on their books and that inhibits them from lending at higher levels .
If the Fed had not purchased $ 1.7 trillion of this toxic junk many banks would currently be in bankruptcy .
Thus , there still are trillions in these bad loans on the books of many financial institutions and they cannot be sold and they are clogging up the system , and there is no end in sight for the problem .
If the Fed is not disbanded it will be part of a move to world control banking that will rob all countries of their sovereignty .
At the same time there is no effort to reduce federal debt , because if government does so it will absorb more funds needed for investment and to fund newly occurring debt .
This reduces money supply and further crowds out business investment .
This is truly being in a box with no way out .
The Fed has been accommodating via monetization and will have to continue to do so , but the result of that is inflation and perhaps hyperinflation .
As you can see this is a never - ending debt trap , and nothing that has been done is permanently solving the problem .
Business understands .
They are raising as much money as possible at the lowest rates since the 1930s .
They may be flush with cash , but can they employ it .
Unemployment at 22 - 1/8 % means less buyers for their products .
They cannot expand because the demand is n’t there .
They can not invest because they are unsure of recovery and they continue to lay off to cut their biggest cost , labor , and remain profitable .
You could call this a vicious circle .
The transfer of fiscal control is passing from the individual to the state in a true corporatist , fascist fashion .
These are the same kind of programs that were forced upon the citizens of Italy and Germany in the 1930s .
Now you can better understand why the Illuminists in NYC , London and Paris brought Hitler and Mussolini to power and helped finance their rise to power .
Part of this plan is to transfer taxpayer revenues into elitist hands , giving them more power over the citizenry .
Unfortunately , Americans do n’t have a clue to what is being done to them .
They do not even know what fascism is .
These elitists are so brazen that they are trying to convenience the public that America ’s problems are the result of their financial foolishness .
In fact , Americans need a forced savings plan to return them to solvency , when in fact the savings are needed by government to fund its burgeoning debt .
The world is being forced into austerity .
Next comes poverty .
The key to this enforced servitude is the borrowing of money , which enriches the lender , usually private banks , that in the fractional banking system creates money .
Historically it is averaged about 9 to 1 .
Nine dollars are created for every one - dollar on deposit .
In fact currently that figure is 40 to 1 , as a result of imprudent lending over the past several years .
Government also increases money supply by creating deficits and borrowing money to do so .
The government borrows and you get to pay the interest and to repay the debt .
Currently money is getting more difficult to come by due to the voracious needs of government , which is crowding out other borrowers .
The bulk of the money lent by banks has gone into the financial sector leaving very little for individuals and small to medium sized businesses .
Government is currently borrowing at very low interest rates .
The problem is interest rates are rising .
As time goes on the interest on the debt grows more onerous .
In this process the privately owned Federal Reserve is buying government debt , usually secretly , so that government can continue to spend more money than it takes in , which is in the form of tax revenues .
This is called monetization , because the Fed creates the money it lends out of thin air .
The alternative to using the Fed would be to end the Fed and have the Treasury simply create the money .
The bankers do not want that because that control of printing of money and credit puts the Fed and banking in control of government .
Thus , the Fed is unnecessary .
It does n’t really directly profit from its function ; it protects the banks , which own the Fed and allows the Fed to pass inside information to its fellow elitists , who profit from this information in a major way .
The Fed and its friends have a license to steal .
This is why the Fed should cease to function and their duties taken over by the US Treasury , a job it was mandated to do by our Constitution .
If the Fed is not disbanded it will be part of a move to world control banking that will rob all countries of their sovereignty .
Once in place these financial mavens will form a World Government and dictate to the world .
This is why Ron Paul ’s legislation HR - 1207 is so important to the future of America .
It will expose what the Fed is really up too .
That discovery would lead to the end of the Fed .
This November we have a unique opportunity to vote out of office almost all incumbents .
That clean slate will give us an opportunity to take back our country .
If we are not successful the game is over and Americans will pay a terrible price .
Just to give you an idea of the power and arrogance of the Fed , this past week saw a gain of $ 421.8 billion of outstanding loans and leases .
The Fed is secret so they do not have to tell us what is going on .
Who received the loans and leases and what was the collateral received for such loans ?
Our suspicion is that Greece is being bailed out by the Fed or institutions in Europe holding Greek debt are being bailed out .
This is the sort of thing that has to be stopped .
We know the Fed posts their financials , but many things the Fed is involved in are not posted .
We still await an execution of an appeal judgment by the Federal District Court regarding who received $ 112.4 billion in loans directed secretly through AIG and what collateral was received against such loans .
The Fed still refuses to respond .
The Fed and the Treasury are well aware that America is bankrupt and the only way it can continue to function is via the Fed ’s ability to create endless amounts of money and credit .
That is why credit spreads are at records .
As of late this year an additional $ 420 billion in additional interest expense will be added for this year and every other year , plus we are facing another $ 1.8 trillion deficit .
Worse yet , the official projection is for an additional $ 1 trillion deficit annually for the next ten years .
Presently , as a result of policies of the Treasury and the Fed , real inflation is 8 % , not the official number of 2.5 % to 3 % .
All these parties , which include Wall Street , have no intention of allowing the reduction of spending and government .
As a result of wanton lending by the Fed into the banking system we are facing , by the end of 2010 , an inventory of homes for sale of a 3 - year supply , when that number officially , currently is 8.6 - months , when normal is 4 - months .
Housing is still in a bubble .
Five to seven million families will lose their homes this year .
Even now there is a supply of expensive homes that reaches out five years .
Those mortgages containing CDOs , ABSs and MBS held by lenders , the Fed and the FDIC are near worthless .
Half the banks in America face insolvency .
Of 750,000 mortgage holders under trial modification only about 30,000 have been converted to permanent payment changes .
Thee are millions of homeowners who have not made a payment for a year or two ready to come out of the pipeline .
The government has been holding prices up three years disregarding the huge distortions they had created in the market .
This was done not for the benefit of the homeowners , but to bail out the lenders .
They left people in their homes for two years and they paid nothing to stay there .
These are mostly people who should have never had a home in the first place .
Not only will millions of homeowners be on the street , but lenders books will be flooded with assets worth far less then they are carrying them at .
Those homes are about to fall again in value .
Instead of cleaning up the books over the last few years management has been busy serving up bonuses for themselves .
The result of the foregoing will be 2,800 banks going under .
As we told you before the FDIC wo n’t be able to handle the depositor ’s financial demands .
The TARP Oversight Committee says it has been stonewalled by the Fed .
As a result only the banks and the Fed know what is really going on .
How will banks raise money to offset lending losses ?
Will government allow them to stay in business in a bankrupt state and merge them ?
Of course they ’ll continue to function , but FDIC insurance will end .
The toxic assets will still be there for what is left of the solvent middle class to pay for .
The Natural Bureau of Economic Research says the recession is not over .
We believe that the consumer ’s lack of income and the absence of credit growth needed for a recovery is absent .
Inflation is 8 % and wages are falling at a 3 % level .
The jobless numbers are again worsening and without major stimulus they will get worse .
The raw unadjusted numbers total 514,742 and increase of 99,730 week - on - week .
Extended claims jumped 261,817 to 5,555,301 .
These are the people on the 2 - 1/ 2 year jobless payroll .
The Commercial Paper market fell for the 5th week in a row off $ 15.4 billion to $ 1.074 trillion .
Asset backed paper rose by $ 200 million after falling by $ 7.2 billion the prior week .
The NAHB / Wells Fargo Housing Market Index rose 4 points to 19 .
What can they be thinking of ?
RealtyTrac says foreclosures rose 7 % y-o -y in the first quarter .
Foreclosures were 367 in March , up 19 % m- o-m .
The highest rates were in Nevada , Arizona and Florida .
By totals , California , Florida and Arizona led the pack .
Goldman Sachs director Rajat Gupta may have given inside information about Goldman to Galleon Group hedge fund founder Raj Rajaratnam says prosecutors .
Consumer confidence figures from ABC News showed the weekly consumer confidence index fell to minus 47 from minus 43 .
Worse yet , 8 % of those polled rated the national economy as excellent or good while 92 % rated it good or even poor , 25 % said it was a good time to buy while 75 % said it is n’t .
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday charged Goldman Sachs & Co. and one of its vice presidents for defrauding investors by misstating and omitting key facts about a financial product related to subprime mortgages .
The SEC alleged in a lawsuit that Goldman ( GS 161.60 , - 22.67 , - 12.30 % ) structured and marketed a collateralized debt obligation that hinged on the performance of subprime residential mortgage - backed securities .
However , it failed to disclose the role that a major hedge fund , Paulson & Co. , played in the portfolio selection process as well as the fact that the hedge fund had taken a short position against the CDO .
“ Goldman wrongly permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio , while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent , objective third party , ” said Robert Khuzami , director of the division of enforcement , in a statement .
Business Inventories have increased at a 0.5 % pace in February , following a flat performance in January , although they dropped 7.7 % in year of year terms , according to data released by the US Census Bureau .
The combined value of distributive trade sales and manufacturers ’ shipments have posted a 0.3 % increment in February , while they fell at a 6.8 % pace from February 2009 .
The inventory to sales ratio , the amount of time needed to empty inventories at the current sales rate , has dropped to 1.27 months in February from 1.46 months in February last year
Retail sales grew 1.6 % in March , up from a 0.5 % increase in February .
This jump betters market predictions of a more modest rise of 1.0 % .
US retail sales ex-autos increased 0.6 % in March compared to a 0.8 % boost in February .
March ’s result also exceeds analysts ’ predictions of a greater slowdown to reach a growth rate of 0.4 % .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. , the second - biggest U.S. bank by assets , beat analysts ’ estimates as first - quarter earnings rose 55 percent on record fixed - income trading revenue and a reduction in provisions for credit losses .
Net income climbed to $ 3.33 billion , or 74 cents a share , from $ 2.14 billion , or 40 cents , in the same period a year earlier and from $ 3.28 billion in the fourth quarter , the New York - based bank said today in a statement .
The per-share earnings compared with a 64 - cent average estimate of 21 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg .
( Courtesy of the US tax payer ) .
Morgan Stanley , which once ran the biggest property - investment arm among Wall Street banks , expects to lose $ 5.4 billion , or 61 percent , of its $ 8.8 billion global fund from 2007 , said a person familiar with the situation .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The firm sent a fourth - quarter update to investors in recent weeks showing the fund was likely to recover $ 3.4 billion of the investment , said the person , who declined to be identified because the information was n’t public .
A spokesman for New York - based Morgan Stanley declined to comment .
The mortgage chief of the United States ’ second largest bank was mobbed by angry borrowers on Tuesday after he invited customers to speak to him if they feared foreclosure of their homes .
The JPMorgan Chase &
Co executive was at a congressional hearing in Washington when a lawmaker asked him who mortgage borrowers could turn to if they felt his bank ’s employees were not helping them hold onto their homes .
“ Come to me , ” said David Lowman , chief executive for JPMorgan Chase & Co ’s home mortgage business in response to the question from Massachusetts Democrat Barney Frank .
Minutes later , around 50 borrowers burst from the audience and presented Lowman with a 6 - page document alleging his bank reneged on a pledge to help struggling homeowners .
The activist who organized the protest said Lowman did not want to talk and left the hearing .
“ He ran .
He ran like a dog with its tail between his legs , ” said Bruce Marks of the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ( NACA ) , which helps homeowners avoid foreclosure .
“ He was scared to death because he does n’t really want to talk to homeowners . ”
The incident is symptomatic of frustrations among U.S. homeowners as defaults and foreclosure filings dominate the housing sector more than three years after the property bubble began to deflate .
NACA organizes events where borrowers try to get loan modifications with lenders .
The group says JPMorgan signed up to the NACA program but dropped out in December .
A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment on the complaint .
( Reporting by Corbett Daly , additional reporting by Al Yoon ; writing by Andrew Hay )
The cost of living in the U.S. rose in March , while prices excluding food and energy were unexpectedly unchanged , indicating tame inflation is accompanying the economic recovery .
The 0.1 percent gain in the consumer price index was in line with expectations and followed no change in February , the Labor Department reported today in Washington .
Excluding food and fuel , the so - called core rate held steady after rising 0.1 percent in February , reflecting cheaper rents and clothing .
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. may have grounds to sue Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Barclays Plc after they demanded $ 1.2 billion in additional margin to assume trading positions auctioned by a Chicago exchange , bankruptcy examiner Anton Valukas said .
Goldman Sachs was the high bidder for Lehman ’s equity derivatives at options and futures exchange CME Group Inc. , and took $ 445 million of those assets at a private auction in September 2008 , according to previously censored details of Valukas ’s March 11 report .
Barclays was the high bidder for Lehman ’s energy derivatives and took $ 707 million in assets from CME .
DRW Trading was the highest bidder for Lehman ’s foreign exchange , agricultural and interest - rate derivatives , Valukas said .
The transfer of $ 2 billion in Lehman deposits for its proprietary trades at the CME cost the defunct investment bank $ 1.2 billion , Valukas said , adding that CME also may be sued .
“ The examiner concludes that an argument can be made that the transfers at issue were fraudulent transfers , ” Valukas said in the report , released in its unredacted form yesterday .
Under bankruptcy law , Lehman may be able to undo the auction , he said .
Part of Valukas ’s job was to explore Lehman ’s grounds for suing companies that contributed to , or benefitted unfairly from , the demise of the investment bank and its affiliates including the brokerage Lehman Brothers Inc. , and to say which kinds of lawsuits are most likely to succeed and what the possible defenses are .
Yahoo is heading for a legal battle with the US government over the monitoring of email accounts .
The company is involved in a federal court case in which the government is demanding access to email archives which include messages that the account owner has already read .
Yahoo argues that the messages fall under the protection of the US Stored Communications
Act , which requires law enforcement groups to obtain a search warrant before accessing electronic data archives .
The government contends that the data should not fall under protections because the messages have already been read .
The case could have significant ramifications for the industry in terms of government access to private electronic data , and Yahoo has received backing from several organisations .
A coalition ranging from traditional advocacy groups the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and the Center for Democracy in Technology , to Yahoo ’s long - time rival Google , is lobbying the court to uphold Yahoo ’s right to protect the data .
“ This court must protect the user ’s privacy in these emails by requiring the government to seek and obtain a search warrant based on probable cause , ” the groups said in a court filing .
The EFF argued that the government is attempting to find a workaround to constitutional protections that have long limited law enforcement ’s ability to conduct search and seizure .
“ Just as your postal letters and packages are private even though the carrier could open them , so your email and other information is protected even if it is stored on a third party ’s server , ” said EFF civil liberties director Jennifer Granick .
Not everyone in the current majority party is satisfied with how House Democrats are handling the budget .
On Tuesday , Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad , North Dakota Democrat , said , “ I think it is very important to have a budget blueprint to outline priorities where the country is going to spend its money , how we ’re going to bring the deficit down . ”
House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer , Maryland Democrat , justifies not passing a budget resolution .
He claims Democratic inaction is the fault of “ deep debt ” caused by the George W. Bush administration .
This business of blaming President Bush for today ’s deficit crisis does n’t work 15 months into the Obama presidency .
Mr. Obama ’s $ 862 billion stimulus package and more than $ 400 billion supplemental spending bill had more than a little to do with the 2009 budget deficit of $ 1.4 trillion .
Mr. Obama ’s planned 2010 budget deficit is expected to surpass this record and hit $ 1.6 trillion .
By comparison , all of Mr. Bush ’s deficits from 2002 to 2008 – giving him no credit for the 2001 surplus – produced a combined deficit of $ 2.1 trillion .
The November elections are seven long months away .
The skyrocketing deficit cannot be hidden under a barrel that long .
But out of desperation to spare themselves embarrassment at the polls , Democrats are avoiding a vote on the budget resolution to stall bad news .
Although politically expedient , this lack of leadership will make deficits larger in the future .
A Goldman Sachs director , Rajat Gupta , is now under investigation for passing inside info to Galleon head Raj Rajaratnam , says the WSJ .
Gupta is also a board member of Procter & Gamble and American Airlines parent , AMR .
He is the ex-head of consulting firm McKinsey & Co .
There may not be anything here other than that Gupta and Raj were good buddies and Raj was frantically trading Goldman stock during the financial crisis .
( Though that in itself is something . )
But the mere suggestion that Gupta passed confidential information to Raj about Goldman Sachs would be devastating to Gupta ’s reputation .
Goldman ’s name emerged in a government letter listing companies whose trading , by Mr. Rajaratnam and others in the Galleon case , the U.S. is investigating .
The March 22 letter said the government is scrutinizing trades by Mr. Rajaratnam and others in Goldman Sachs from June 2008 through October 2008 , a time when Goldman shares gyrated amid the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings and concerns about the future of all major investment banks .
As part of that focus , the government is examining whether Rajat Gupta — a current Goldman director , former head of McKinsey & Co. and close associate of Mr. Rajaratnam ’s — shared inside information about Goldman , the people close to the situation say .
No criminal charges or other allegations have been filed against Mr. Gupta , nor is there any indication that investigators are looking at his own stock trading .
A spokesman for Mr. Gupta said , “ Mr. Gupta is unaware of any examination of any such issue and has done nothing wrong . ” …
Messrs .
Rajaratnam and Gupta spoke frequently , and Mr. Gupta was invited to attend parties hosted by Galleon , an individual close to the situation says .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Submitted by cpowell on Wed , 2010-04-28 01:48 .
Could Make Prosecution Difficult , Experts Say
By Andy Borowitz
The Borowitz Report
Sunday , April 25 , 2010
http://www.borowitzreport.com/
NORFOLK , Virginia -- Eleven indicted Somali pirates dropped a bombshell in a U.S. court today , revealing that their entire piracy operation is a subsidiary of banking giant Goldman Sachs .
There was an audible gasp in the courtroom when the leader of the pirates announced , " We are doing God 's work .
We work for Lloyd Blankfein . "
The pirate , who said he earned a bonus of $ 48 million in dubloons last year , elaborated on the nature of the Somalis ' work for Goldman , explaining that the pirates attacked ships that Goldman had already shorted .
" We were functioning as investment bankers , only every day was casual Friday , " the pirate said .
The pirate acknowledged that they merged their operations with Goldman in late 2008 to take advantage of the more relaxed regulations governing bankers as opposed to pirates , " plus to get our share of the bailout money . "
In the aftermath of the shocking revelations , government prosecutors were scrambling to see if they still had a case against the Somali pirates , who would now be treated as bankers in the eyes of the law .
" There are lots of laws that could bring these guys down if they were , in fact , pirates , " one government source said .
" But if they ’re bankers , our hands are tied . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Prophecy Resource Corp. Appoints Rob McEwen to Advisory Board
Prophecy Resource Corp. ( TSX.V : PCY , OTC : PCYRF ) is pleased to announce the appointment of Rob McEwen to the company 's Advisory Board .
McEwen is a leading Canadian mining industry entrepreneur .
He is the chairman and CEO of U.S. Gold Corp. and Minera Andes Inc. McEwen was the founder and former chairman and CEO of Goldcorp Inc. , whose Red Lake Mine in northwestern Ontario , Canada , is considered to be the richest gold mine in the world .
During his tenure at Goldcorp , McEwen transformed the company from a collection of small companies into a mining powerhouse , growing its market capitalization from $ 50 million to approximately $ 8 billion .
For Prophecy Resource Corp.'s complete statement :
http://www.prophecyresource.com/news_2010_mar11b.php
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://gata.org/node/wallstreetjournal
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
ADVERTISEMENT
Preliminary Feasibility Study Completed for Seabridge Gold's KSM Project Study Reports Reserves of 30.2 Million Oz. Gold , 7 Billion Lbs. Copper ,
133 Million Oz Silver , 210 Million Lbs. Molybdenum Base Case Life of Mine Cash Operating Costs Estimated at $ 144 / oz .
Gold Produced
( Net of Base Metal Credits )
Toronto -- Seabridge Gold Inc. has announced results from a National Instrument 43 -101 compliant preliminary feasibility study of its 100 - percent owned KSM project in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The study was prepared by Wardrop , a Tetra Tech company , a major international engineering and consulting firm .
Seabridge President and CEO Rudi Fronk says , " The study confirms that the KSM project now hosts the largest gold reserve in Canada and one of the largest in the world .
KSM is projected to provide an extraordinary mine life of more than 35 years with estimated cash operating costs well below the current average of the major gold producers .
Estimated capital costs are in line with those of comparable , large - scale , undeveloped gold - copper projects and KSM has the advantage of being located in a low - risk jurisdiction . "
For the complete Seabridge Gold statement :
http://www.seabridgegold.net/readmore.php?newsid=283
This domain is expired .
the - rock - of - gibraltar.com is registered at Porkbun .
It has expired and will likely be deleting soon .
If this is your domain , you can renew it by logging into your account .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US
President Barack Obama has said that dealing with Tuesday 's oil rig disaster in the Gulf of Mexico is a " number one priority " .
The government was providing " all assistance needed " in the rescue effort off Louisiana , and in mitigating any environmental impact , he said .
The Deepwater Horizon sank after a blast , leaving 11 workers missing .
There are fears of a major spill , with the coastguards saying the rig may be leaking 8,000 barrels of oil per day .
' Assumed dead '
The rig was carrying out exploratory drilling 84 km ( 52 miles ) south - east of the Louisiana port of Venice when the blast occurred .
Seventeen workers were injured and more than 100 were evacuated .
The rig had been burning for 36 hours when it sank on Thursday in 5,000 ft ( 1,500 m ) of water , despite efforts to control the flames .
There has been no sign of the 11 missing workers , despite rescue efforts by patrol boats and an aerial search .
Adrian Rose , from Transocean , which owns the rig , said those unaccounted for may have been close to the blast and unable to escape .
Carolyn Kemp , whose 27 - year old grandson is missing , said that families had been told that it was unlikely any more had survived .
" They 're assuming all those men who were on the platform are dead , " Ms Kemp told Associated Press .
" That 's the last we 've heard . "
Leak fears
Rescue crews had covered the expanse of the rig 12 times by air and five times by boat before it sank .
Seventeen of the 126 workers were evacuated by air and sea for treatment on Wednesday .
DEEPWATER HORIZON
Designated a semi- submersible drilling unit Built in 2001 by South Korea 's Hyundai Heavy Industries Shipyard Size : 396ft ( 120 m ) long by 256ft ( 78 m ) wide Designed to operate in water depths of up to 8,000ft
In pictures : Oil rig blaze
Those injured had suffered burns , smoke inhalation and broken bones .
Four were critically injured .
Another 100 were later taken by boat to Port Fourchon where they were checked by doctors .
They were then taken to a hotel in New Orleans to be reunited with their families .
Meanwhile , there are worries that the now submerged rig is leaking large volumes of oil into the Gulf .
Before the explosion , the rig carried 2.6 m litres of diesel fuel and was pumping 8,000 barrels ( 1.27 m litres ) of crude oil a day - a volume which may still be leaking from the well into the Gulf of Mexico .
Rear Adm Mary Landry said crews saw an area measuring one mile by five miles ( 1.5 k m by 8 km ) of what appeared to be oil on the surface of the water .
Officials say the environmental damage would be worst if any spill reached the Louisiana shore , 50 miles away .
An operation was being mounted to contain and clean - up the spill , including skimmers , booms to contain the oil and aeroplanes to drop dispersants on it .
A remote - controlled submarine has been deployed to find the exact location of the sunken rig and the condition of the well .
Deepwater Horizon was drilling for BP on part of the Mississippi Canyon Block 252 known as the Macondo prospect , in 1,500 m ( 5,000 ft ) of water .
Built in 2001 by South Korea 's Hyundai , the semi- submersible rig is 120 m ( 396ft ) long and 78 m ( 256ft ) wide , according to Transocean .
It said there had been no signs of trouble before the explosion and crews had been doing routine work .
The dangers of working on an oil rig have declined in recent decades , but the job can still be risky .
Since 2001 , there have been 858 fires and explosions in the Gulf , according to the federal Minerals Management Service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Storms swept through western Europe at the weekend , killing up to 50 people in France and threatening further damage as powerful winds and torrential rains moved north , officials said .
The storms ripped through cities , uprooting trees and street signs , wreaking havoc on rail networks and forcing hundreds of flights to be cancelled at airports like Paris and Frankfurt .
Three people were killed in Spain , two in Germnay and one in Portugal , but France was the worst hit as heavy rains , strong gusts of wind and high tides destroyed Atlantic coast sea walls , killing 25 people in the town of l’Aiguillon sur Mer alone , the mayor told French television .
“ It is a natural catastrophe , ” French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux told BFM TV , estimating the total death toll in France at between 45 and 50 and warning that high tides could cause further damage .
Hortefeux said the French government had set aside 1 million euros in immediate relief aid and Budget Minister Eric Woerth issued a statement saying victims could seek tax relief .
The French regions of Vendee and Charente Maritime bore the brunt of the storm and were placed on flood alert along with parts of Brittany .
But centuries - old trees were also uprooted in the gardens of the Versailles palace near Paris , according to France Info radio .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Weather forecasters said the storm , named Xynthia , had moved up to northeast France and Belgium and would hit Denmark next .
Meteo France said the storms seemed less fierce than those that battered France in December 1999 , killing 92 people .
SEEKING REFUGE ON ROOF
“ Policemen are currently touring flooded houses and some of their inhabitants were found drowned , ” said Frederic Rose , cabinet head of the Vendee Prefect .
A woman in l ’Aiguillon sur Mer in Vendee , where a sea wall collapsed , told France ’s M6 television she swam out of her house through the bathroom in the middle of the night to join neighbours on their roof .
A man in Loire - Atlantique , who spent the night on the roof of his restaurant , said : “ It was as if we were on an island . ”
Two people were killed near the northern Spanish city of Burgos when their car hit a fallen tree and a woman died when a wall fell on her in northwestern Spain , authorities said .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Unusually strong winds also uprooted trees in many parts of Portugal and heavy rain swelled rivers , prompting flood warnings in low - lying parts of Porto along the Douro River estuary .
A girl of 10 died when she was hit by a falling tree .
In Germany , authorities said a 69 - year - old man was killed by a falling tree while hiking in the state of Hesse .
A 74 - year - old man was killed and his wife critically injured in the southwestern state of Baden - Wuerttemberg when a tree fell on their car , according to media reports .
Rail travel was severely disrupted in the three western states of Hesse , Rhineland - Palatinate and Saarland due to trees falling on overhead power lines .
PLANES , TRAINS DELAYED
Frankfurt airport was forced to cancel about 10 percent of its flights , an airport spokesman said .
Air France said it had cancelled more than 100 flights on Sunday and more than half of all flights departing from Paris were significantly delayed , Aeroports de Paris said , while high - speed TGV train service was severely delayed due to branches and other debris obstructing the rail network .
By late Sunday , some 500,000 people in France were without electricity , said ErDF , the distribution arm of French energy group EDF , with Brittany and central France the hardest hit .
Much of England and Wales was on flood alert on Sunday , with further prolonged heavy rain and strong winds expected after torrential downpours overnight .
Biwu Ma , a staff scientist with the Molecular Foundry , was part of a research team that found a new way to process white OLEDs for solid state lighting .
( Photo by Roy Kaltschmidt , Berkeley Lab Public Affairs )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Light - emitting diodes , which employ semiconductors to produce artificial light , could reduce electricity consumption and lighten the impact of greenhouse gas emissions .
However , moving this technology beyond traffic signals and laser pointers to illumination for office buildings and homes -- the single largest use of electricity -- requires materials that emit bright , white light cheaply and efficiently .
White light is the mix of all the colors , or wavelengths , in the visible spectrum .
Organic light - emitting diodes ( OLEDs ) , based on organic and / or polymer semiconductor materials , are promising candidates for general lighting applications , as they can cover large - area displays or panels using low - cost processing techniques .
Indeed , single - color OLED displays are already available commercially .
A mix of red- , green - and blue - emitting materials can be used to generate white light , but these bands of color often interact with one another , degrading device performance and reducing color quality .
Using polymer nanoparticles to house light - emitting ‘ inks ’ , scientists at the Molecular Foundry , a U.S. Department of Energy nanoscience center located at Berkeley Lab , and the University of California , Berkeley , have made a thin film OLED using iridium - based guest molecules to emit various colors of visible light .
The polymer nanoparticle surrounding a guest light - emitter serves as a ‘ do not disturb ’ sign , isolating guest molecules from one another .
Each guest can then emit light without pesky interactions with neighboring nanoparticles , resulting in white luminescence .
“ This simple and bright approach to achieving nanoscale site isolation of phosphors opens a new door for facile processing of white OLEDs for solid state lighting , ” said Biwu Ma , a staff scientist with the Molecular Foundry ’s Organic Nanostructures Facility who contributed to this study .
With this proof - of - concept device under their belts , Ma and his colleagues plan to vary the ratio of each color nanoparticle in the OLED to enhance efficiency and brightness .
White light from OLEDs can be adjusted from cooler to warmer whites , making these materials easy to use in office or home environments .
Buildings account for more than 40 percent of carbon emissions in the United States , so replacing even a fraction of conventional lighting with OLEDs could result in a significant reduction in electricity use .
A paper reporting this research titled , “ Site isolation of emitters within cross - linked polymer nanoparticles for white electroluminescence , ” appears in the journal Nano Letters .
Explore further High - brightness breakthrough
Poll : Most oppose Reagan on the $ 50 bill
By Ed O'Keefe
The day after officials unveiled a redesign of the $ 100 bill , new polling suggests most Americans do n't want to see changes made to the $ 50 note .
Rep. Patrick McHenry ( R - N.C. ) last month proposed putting Ronald Reagan on the $ 50 bill instead of former president Ulysses S. Grant , arguing that the " last great president " of the 20th century deserved the honor .
But 79 percent of Americans oppose the idea , according to a Marist Poll released Thursday .
Only 12 percent support McHenry 's idea while 9 percent are unsure .
Perhaps most notably , 71 percent of Republicans oppose the idea , an interesting statistic considering the Gipper 's GOP hero status .
Among Democrats , 83 percent do n't want Grant replaced and 79 percent of independents agree .
Republicans have tried and failed for years to memorialize Reagan ( well , except for what was National Airport in Washington . )
Some lawmakers once tried getting Reagan on the $ 20 bill , but Tennessee pols blocked the move in favor of native son Andrew Jackson .
McHenry 's office had no comment on the poll .
He 's pushing the measure because Reagan usually outranks Grant on surveys of the best American presidents .
But Grant backers called McHenry " an absolute idiot and a moron , " reminding doubters that Grant 's military efforts saved the Union .
What do you think ?
The comments section awaits your thoughts .
( CNN ) -- Every 140 - character snippet of info you 've ever shared publicly on Twitter will soon have a home next to the Declaration of Independence .
Twitter and the Library of Congress announced Wednesday that every public tweet posted since Twitter started in 2006 will be archived digitally by the federal library .
The purpose , according to a blog post by Library of Congress communications director Matt Raymond , is to document " important tweets " as well as gather information about the way we live through the sheer masses of tweets on the site .
" I 'm no Ph.D. , but it boggles my mind to think what we might be able to learn about ourselves and the world around us from this wealth of data , " Raymond said in the post .
And I 'm certain we 'll learn things that none of us now can even possibly conceive . "
Twitter says it receives about 55 million tweets every day -- amounting to billions of them since its inception .
Only tweets from public
Twitter feeds will be included , not those that have been set as private .
For that reason , one expert did n't think the move would raise huge concerns among privacy activists .
" Twitter was always designed to be public , " said John Verdi , senior counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington .
" And I think folks understand that whatever they post on Twitter is meant to be searchable .
So I do n't see a big issue here . "
Verdi said he would feel differently if the federal government seeks to identify users through their tweets or to match Twitter users with other information about citizens that is stored in federal databases .
Examples of notable tweets the library cited Wednesday include the first - ever tweet from Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , the tweet on Barack Obama 's account after he won the 2008 election and a pair of tweets from a photojournalist who was arrested in Egypt , then freed after a series of events stemming from his use of the micro- blogging site .
" It 's very exciting that tweets are becoming part of history , " Twitter said Wednesday on its official blog .
" The open exchange of information can have a positive global impact .
This is something we firmly believe and it has driven many of our decisions regarding openness . "
The announcement came during Twitter 's first Chirp conference for developers .
It 's a busy news time for the site , which saw massive growth in early 2009 and , according to co-founder Biz Stone , now has more than 105 million registered accounts .
Also Wednesday , Google announced it will soon allow users to search Twitter 's entire database , pulling up what was being said about a particular topic at a particular time .
And Tuesday , Twitter rolled out its much - anticipated advertising platform , a plan that will let advertisers pay to have their tweets appear at the top of searches .
Far from being just a depository for old paper documents -- like a rough draft of the Declaration of Independence and a Gutenberg Bible -- the Library of Congress has been compiling information from the Internet for years .
According to Raymond , the library houses more than 167 terabytes of Web - based information , including legal blogs , Web sites of candidates for national office , and Web sites of members of Congress , collected since 2000 .
On Wednesday afternoon Twitter users already were responding , sometimes comedically , to the news .
" I 'd like to thank the Library of Congress for proving my graduating class wrong when they said I was least likely to ever be found in one , " wrote blogger Ruth Akers .
CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .
NEW YORK —
In his novel , “ A Single Man , ” Christopher Isherwood writes of “ that marvelous minority , The Living . ”
Yes , memento mori , we are a minority .
Isherwood continues : “ They do n’t know their luck , these people on the sidewalk , but George knows his — for a little while at least — because he is freshly returned from the icy presence of The Majority , which Doris is about to join . ”
Doris lies dying in a hospital bed .
On leaving her , Isherwood ’s protagonist is seized with euphoria .
“ I am alive , he says to himself , I am alive !
And life - energy surges hotly through him , and delight , and appetite . ”
It comes down to this in the end — the minority of the living , a mere 6.7 billion people on a fragile planet , and the majority of the dead , numberless and stretching back over an expanse vaster than the iciest steppe .
Do you choose the minority or the majority ?
For whose account do you labor ?
Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement he released late Thursday that portions of Arizona 's tough immigration law concern him and that “ it would not be the right direction for Texas . ”
The governor did not say whether he would veto similar legislation .
When asked about the controversial Arizona law earlier in the week , Perry , through a spokesman , simply called immigration policy a federal responsibility .
The Arizona law has provoked protests amid questions about its constitutionality .
The recently signed law , which does not take effect for 90 days , would require local and state officers to check immigration status if they suspect someone is unlawfully in the United States .
The measure would make it a crime under Arizona state law if immigrants lack registration documents .
They could face arrest , a jail term of up to six months and a fine .
Supporters say extreme action is needed to ensure the safety and security of U.S. citizens given the federal government 's inability to control the nation 's southern border with Mexico .
Critics say it 's mean - spirited and hateful and will unfairly turn people with brown skin into suspects .
In his statement , Perry said some aspects of the law will turn law enforcement officers into immigration officials .
Requiring them to determine immigration status during any lawful contact with a suspected unauthorized immigrant , he said , will turn “ them away from their existing law enforcement duties , which are critical to keeping citizens safe . ”
Securing the border should be a top priority , Perry said , noting that he has a standing request for 1,000 National Guard troops to support civilian law enforcement efforts to keep the border secure .
“ Our focus must continue to be on the criminal elements involved with conducting criminal acts against Texans and their property .
I will continue to work with the legislative leadership to develop strategies that are appropriate for Texas , ” Perry said .
“ Until the federal government brings the necessary resources to bear , we will continue to commit state funding and resources for additional border security efforts in order to protect our communities and legitimate cross - border trade and travel , while enforcing the laws already on the books . ”
Although Perry says he does not support the Arizona law , the governor last week stood on stage with state Rep. Leo Berman , R - Tyler , to present an “ honorary Texan ” award to Glenn Beck , noted Phillip Martin , spokesman for the Texas Democratic Trust .
Berman favors an Arizona - styled law for Texas , and conservative TV and radio host Beck has defended the immigration law in recent days .
“ As the debate on immigration reform intensifies , the focus must remain on border security and the federal government 's failure to adequately protect our borders .
Securing our border is a federal responsibility , but it is a Texas problem , and it must be addressed before comprehensive immigration reform is discussed , ” Perry said in the statement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Twenty - five miners are now known to have died and four are missing in an accident at a West Virginia coal mine .
The worst mine disaster in the US since 1984 was caused by an underground explosion at Upper Big Branch , about 30 miles ( 50 km ) south of Charleston .
It happened at about 1500 ( 1900 GMT ) in a chamber 330 m ( 1,000 ft ) below ground , mine owner Massey Energy Company said .
The rescue operation has been suspended because rising methane gas levels have heightened the risk of another blast .
The operation will resume as soon as conditions allow , Massey Energy said .
There are plans to drill boreholes from the surface to monitor gas levels and attempt to ventilate the mine chamber .
A mine safety official said rescue teams had reached one of the mine 's airtight chambers stocked with food , water and oxygen but found no - one there .
US President Barack Obama offered his " deepest condolences " to the families and friends of those who had died .
" The federal government stands ready to offer whatever assistance is needed in this rescue effort , " he said at a White House Easter prayer breakfast .
' Dire situation ' Monday 's explosion happened as 29 workers were in a vehicle transporting them out of the mine during a shift change .
Miners in a vehicle ahead felt a blast of air and went back to find out what happened , finding several people dead and two injured .
The farther we got down the track , the more the wind picked up and ... before you knew it , it 's like your ears stopped up , you could n't hear and the next thing you know , you 're in the middle of a tornado
Steve Smith , miner
Mine safety under the spotlight Rescuers had been trying to reach trapped miners further into the mine , but some of them also appear to have been found dead .
Four miners remain unaccounted for , but officials said there was not much hope of finding them alive because none had reached a rescue chamber .
" The situation is dire , " Kevin Stricklin , an administrator for the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration , told a news conference .
Steve Smith , who was entering another part of the mine several miles away at the time of the blast , said dust was lingering in the air .
" The farther we got down the track the more the wind picked up and ... before you knew it , it 's like your ears stopped up , you could n't hear , and the next thing you know , you 're in the middle of a tornado , " he told MetroNews .
" Since we were n't that far underground ... we just hurried up and high - tailed it back to the outside . "
US MINE DISASTERS Jan 2006 - 12 killed in methane explosion at Sago mine , Tallmansville , West Virginia 2001 - 13 dead in explosions in mine at Brookwood , Alabama 1989 - 10 killed in explosion at Wheatcroft , Kentucky 1984 - 27 killed in fire at Orangeville , Utah 1970 - 38 killed in explosion at Hyden , Kentucky 1968 - 78 killed in explosion at Farmington , West Virginia 1907 - 362 killed in explosion at Monongah , West Virginia
In pictures : US mine explosion Battle raging in US mining country
One of those killed , Benny Willingham , was 62 years old and only five weeks away from retiring , his sister - in - law Sheila Prillaman said .
The mother of another miner described how she had first heard about the accident .
" I just started getting all these phone calls .
They asked me if Kevin was working the evening or day , that 's all they said .
When I told him ' evening '... they told me there had been an explosion , " Jenny Waycaster told the Associated Press .
Gov Manchin told reporters overnight that seven bodies had so far been recovered and identified , but the other 18 had not .
" The families want closure .
They want names .
They understand the challenges .
Right now I told them to do what they do best .
Love each other and come together as a family , " he added .
Sheri McGraw of the American Red Cross said the gathering of families awaiting news was " the most horrifying thing I 've ever seen " .
Safety record Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
State mining director Ron Wooten said that although the situation did not seem promising , rescuers had not " given up hope at all " .
Earlier reports suggested that some of the miners may have survived , evoking memories of the Sago mine disaster in the same state in 2006 when 13 miners trapped for 42 hours were declared to be still alive , only for 12 of them to be found dead .
Massey Energy says on its website that it has a safety record that is above the national average , with three fatalities in the last 12 years .
But federal inspectors have fined the company more than $ 382,000 ( £ 251,700 ) for serious violations at the mine over the past year .
There have been three fatalities there since 1998 - two from roof collapses and one from electrocution - according to the Associated Press .
Last year , 34 miners were killed in accidents across the US , the lowest on record .
But Monday 's accident is the deadliest since 1984 , when 27 people were killed by a fire at Emery Mining Corp 's mine in Orangeville , Utah .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has backed President Robert Mugabe ’s stance against including gay rights in a new constitution , state media reported on Friday .
The two were speaking at a belated celebration in a Harare suburb on Thursday of International Women ’s Day , which was on March 8 .
Mugabe reiterated his opposition to rights for gay people , whom he has described as “ worse than pigs and dogs ” .
“ I heard the issue was being raised at the constitution - making process , ” Mugabe said .
“ Those who do it , we will say , they are wayward .
It is just madness , insanity . ”
“ That is not what we can allow , ” Mugabe said , according to the state - run news agency , New Ziana .
Tsvangirai said he agreed with the president ’s stance .
“ Why should a man seek to have a relationship with another man when women make up 52 % of the population ?
In fact , men are fewer than women , ” he said .
Homosexuality is illegal in Zimbabwe , where Mugabe has railed against the gay community for more than a decade , although the group Gays and Lesbians of Zimbabwe is allowed to operate .
Neighbouring South Africa is the only nation on the continent that gives equal rights to gay people .
In nearby Malawi , a couple has been jailed since December after holding the country ’s first same - sex wedding .
Kenyan police last month arrested five people who were apparently guests at a planned gay wedding .
In Uganda a lawmaker has proposed a Bill that would impose tough penalties for homosexuality , including the death sentence in certain cases .
Zimbabwe is meant to write a new constitution this year to pave the way for new elections , after disputed polls in 2008 that led to the creation of the unity government between rivals Mugabe and Tsvangirai .
But the constitution - making process has made little headway since it began last year .
— Sapa-AFP
A seven - mile lake formed by a massive landslide in north - east Pakistan is threatening to burst its banks and sweep through a valley , wiping out villages and endangering 45,000 people who live downstream .
Engineers are racing to build a channel at the top of the natural dam , formed by a landslide in early January which killed 19 people and blocked the Hunza River .
This would let the water drain from the lake gradually .
But they do not have much time .
The water , which only a week or so ago was rising at a rate of 45 cm a day , is now going up by a daily 30 cm .
Its growth is sure to accelerate as glaciers and snow caps in the nearby mountains start to melt .
The swelling waters of this huge lake – about as long as Ullswater , the Lake District 's second - largest body of water – are now just 30 metres from the top .
Professor David Petley , of the International Landslide Centre at Durham University , warns there is " substantive risk of an outburst " as the water level approaches the top of the dam , with " the potential for a large flood wave to travel downstream as far as Tarbela Dam " , 50 km northwest of Islamabad .
He says : " When the water reaches the top there are two scenarios .
One , water goes into the channel that the army are cutting and there 's no flood .
It sounds like an attractive prospect but you have a huge body of water behind a landslide dam .
Two , if the water goes , it would be caught by the Tarbela dam downstream – and the reservoir there is low because of the drought in Pakistan – but as many as 45,000 people are in danger of a flood wave .
A wave could be 40 metres high , or even more , as it goes down the valley . "
The dammed river , from which the lake has formed , runs through the fertile Hunza Valley , the former mountain kingdom renowned as the fabled Shangri - La , and feeds into the mighty Indus river on which the Tarbela dam lies .
The expanding lake has already displaced more than 1,600 people in surrounding villages and the waters are encroaching on several more villages .
People now watch helplessly as the waters rise .
Shah Makeen , a fruit seller from Shiskat , a village a few kilometres east of the landslide , closer to the Chinese border , said at the end of March , when I visited the area , that his home is slowly being engulfed by the massive lake .
At that point , the waters were lapping at the village of Gulmit , and had already flooded the orchards of tourist hotels located near the river .
Makeen said : " I would say that in another two weeks most of Ayeenabad will be flooded .
The water has even reached Gulmit now .
People are very upset . "
Focus Humanitarian Assistance , a charity affiliated with the Aga Khan Development Network , is setting up an early - warning system to alert villagers downstream in case the dam shows signs of collapse .
They have built a monitoring camp above the lake to check for cracks and have installed CCTV and night lights to monitor seepage or any unusual activity in the dam .
Professor Petley says more needs to be done .
In his report he writes : " While constructing the spillway is undoubtedly an appropriate first step , a great deal more work is urgently required in terms of management of the hazard ...
The downstream communities are facing a risk that is not tolerable – immediate action is required at a national level to protect the population between Attabad and Tarbela Dam . "
But for people such as Afsar Jan from Shiskat , who is watching the waters submerge his home , the authorities have done too little too late .
" They should have done more sooner , " he says .
" Our future is being destroyed in front of our very eyes . "
The villagers , mostly Ismaili Muslims whose spiritual leader is the Aga Khan , are losing their homes , orchards and fields as the waters rise .
And the lake has not only taken people 's land away , it has also cut off the 25,000 population living in the Gojal region of Hunza from the rest of the country and severed a vital trading route with China .
Submerged beneath the icy water is a vital 10 km stretch of the famous Karakoram Highway ( KKH ) , the highest road in the world which snakes through the mountain ranges of the Hindu Kush , the Karakorams and the Himalayas , linking China and Pakistan .
The route is not expected to reopen for months .
Professor Petley says : " The 25,000 or so people on the north side of the blockage are stranded .
They have no access to the road but for the rickety old boats that are taking them across the lake to the dam .
Without them , they'd be cut off from the outside world .
There is a serious problem supplying them with food and medicine .
People on the north side of the barrier are suffering badly .
The boats are totally inadequate .
There does need to be some more assistance . "
The only way for people to get to the KKH from upstream of the landslide is a one - hour journey across the lake by boat and then over the 1.5 km landslide on foot .
The journey takes a whole day as there are not many boats and they operate only in daylight .
The people complain there are insufficient boats , although the army plans to start operating large rafts which can transport more goods and even small jeeps .
There are no food shortages but people are relying on aid .
Bibi Shawar , who is currently living in a makeshift camp in Ayeenabad , said : " In the beginning there were only around two boats .
I know of a woman and her new - born baby who both died because there was no boat to take them to a hospital in time .
" In the Punjab [ a southern state in Pakistan ] , a woman delivered a baby in a rickshaw and the media made such a fuss that she was compensated 500,000 rupees ( £ 7,350 ) .
Here , even the boats they give us are leaky and unsafe . "
More than 100,000 cubic metres of debris have already been moved by the bulldozers but a further 112,500 cubic metres still need to be lifted .
At the site of the landslide , four large diggers , borrowed from the Chinese contractors who were working on widening the Karakoram Highway , are lifting clay , rocks and soil from the landslide to build the spillway channel .
The work is being carried out by engineers from the Frontier Works Organisation , which built and maintains the Karakoram Highway .
Farooq Ahmad Khan , a retired major general who chairs Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority , said : " The landslide occurred on 4 January this year and on 5 January I was at the site along with my team .
We led the rescue operation in the area .
To date , the Pakistani army has flown 635 helicopter sorties to the affected area , dropping off 153 tons of food items and 438 cartons of medicines . "
In his view , the work to open the spillway is on track , given the scale of the landslide , and it should be completed by 15 April unless the boulders are so big they require blasting .
" In the beginning it was very tricky work .
We first had to make an access path for the bulldozers over all the slush , which took time , " he said .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Do n’t spend money on marketing , do offer flexibility and data exporting to eliminate buyers ’ regret , make sure to capitalize on and value goodwill , and only charge for things that are hard to do .
That ’s what some startups say is the key to success in the freemium business .
But the biggest reason the five presenters this morning at the Freemium Summit in San Francisco — Pandora , Dropbox , Evernote , Automattic ( see disclosure at the bottom ) and MailChimp — are doing well is because they have great products that people want .
They ’ve been able to get those products to a broad audience by using the freemium model — that is , offering a free service with the option to upgrade .
It ’s an increasingly important business model , but one that ’s hard to navigate , so their anecdotes , open sharing of data , and lessons learned were really valuable .
Pandora ’s reverse - freemium approach : Pandora first launched in August 2005 with something that sounds quite similar to freemium : users got 10 hours of free online radio at signup , after which they were asked to pay $ 36 per year .
“ In the first couple weeks we had 100,000 people come through and the vast majority listened to every last minute of their free ten hours , ” said CTO Tom Conrad .
“ Then we asked them for their credit card and they would wander off into the wilderness . ”
That November , Pandora switched on an “ ad - supported ” option .
It was ad - supported in name only , however , because they had no ad server , no ad staff — not even a place on their page to put ads .
But growth quadrupled overnight , and within three days , Apple called and asked to buy out ad inventory through December .
Conrad and his team of course said yes , arriving at the price of $ 10,000 for the month .
“ We literally hard - coded the ads on the page , ” he said .
“ We did n’t want them to know , but every time they changed their creative we ’d have to relaunch the entire site . ”
Pandora now has 20 million uniques and took in $ 50 million in revenue last year .
Subscription rates had dropped to well below 1 percent of users .
But 1 percent of a large number is still a large number , so last year the company launched Pandora One , a new take on premium with higher quality streams , a desktop app and fewer usage limits .
It now has 300,000 subscribers , accounts for 1.6 or 1.7 percent of monthly uniques , and is expected to bring in 15 percent of 2010 revenue .
Dropbox ’s numbers game : Dropbox CEO Drew Houston says you should know one thing about freemium : “ It is a numbers game , so bust out your Excel spreadsheet .
It ’s all about finding things in the margins — lots of little things rather than one key thing . ”
Houston went into detail about the backup service ’s attempts to recruit users through search marketing .
The company found that obvious keywords like “ online storage ” were bid up , and the long tail of search terms had low volume .
Then , people coming from search who actually signed up might not even pick the paid version ( which has more storage and features ) .
Ultimately that meant “ our cost per effective acquisition per paid user was thousands of dollars for a hundred - dollar product . ”
So for a time , Dropbox went to great lengths to hide the free option to users coming in through search , and as a result confused users and felt terrible .
“ So the big lesson there is if you adopt a freemium business model your marketing cost is the free users . ”
The fact was that Dropbox was offering a product that people did n’t know they needed until they tried , and “ search is great for harvesting demand , not creating it , ” Houston said .
Having dropped search marketing as a strategy , Dropbox has actually grown incredibly fast .
At some point , the company realized that user referrals were its biggest source of growth , so now it encourages referrals with an incentive program .
That increased signups by 60 percent , said Houston , and it now drives 30 percent of total signups .
The company now devotes 30 percent of its engineering to acquiring active users .
Houston also told a second story about Dropbox ’s realization that its unlimited undo history — available to free and paying users — was responsible for a huge and growing share of its costs .
And further , few customers actually used the feature .
“ We said ‘ holy sh*t ! ’
More than half of our hosting costs are going to deleted , not restored prior versions of files , ” said Houston .
The company was wary of rolling back a free feature , but was able to manage the transition without too much fuss by telling customers about it openly , and giving existing users the option to keep the feature if they liked .
Evernote ’s key metric : Evernote , the personal note - taking service , faces a challenge to spreading virally in that it ’s not at all a social product , said CEO Phil Libin .
But what Evernote can focus on is deriving maximum value from the users it does have .
The company , which launched in June 2008 , has 2.7 million users , with 7,000 new users per day ( mostly through word of mouth , despite the lack of social features , said Libin ) , and 50,000 paying users ( who convert in order to use the service on multiple platforms and for other premium features ) .
The thing is , over time inactive users drop off , and active users start paying .
Once Evernote finally figured that dynamic out and started talking about it , term sheets and partnerships requests started flowing in , Libin said .
“ Our key insight is users are growing really fast , but revenue is growing faster . ”
Currently , users are growing 10 percent per month and revenue is growing 18 percent .
“ It ’s like our users are a fine stinky cheese or wine — it gets better with age , ” said Libin .
“ More and more people who are n’t going to pay just leave , and more who stay pay . ”
So 0.5 percent of people who sign up in a given month go premium , but 2 percent of people who signed up a year ago are now paying Evernote .
Libin ’s key metric is comparing revenue per active user with variable expenses .
At this point , the company makes $ 0.25 per month per active user , and spends $ 0.09 on variable expenses like infrastructure , customers service and network operations .
He said freemium can work for any business if you have 1 ) a great long - term retention rate , 2 ) a product that increases in value over time and 3 ) variable costs .
Automattic CEO Toni Schneider and MailChimp CEO
Ben Chestnut added a few more key lessons in their talks .
Schneider talked about the blogging - software company ’s decision to offer a - la - carte freemium services instead of tiered levels , giving both his team and users more flexibility .
His company now makes 40 percent of its revenue from premium services like domain mapping , with the remainder from ad sales and enterprise products .
But he said the problem with this approach is customers may not know of services they could receive , because it ’s harder to market them individually .
Chestnut talked about the fact that free products are ripe for abuse .
His 10 - year - old email marketing company started offering a free version seven months ago , and has seen 240 percent user growth , a 225 percent increase in email delivery volume from 200 to 450 million , and a 200 percent projected revenue increase .
But the biggest bumps of all ?
A 354 percent increase in abuse - related issues like spamming , followed by a 245 percent increase in legal costs dealing people trying to game the system .
Luckily , MailChimp was able to develop automated ways to discover and deal with some of these issues , but even as an anticipated side effect the increase in abuse from going freemium has been huge .
Photos courtesy of Flickr users Hillary H , gaborcselle and hzeller , respectively .
Disclosure : Automattic , maker of WordPress.com , is backed by True Ventures , a venture capital firm that is an investor in the parent company of this blog , Giga Omni Media .
Om Malik , founder of Giga Omni Media , is also a venture partner at True .
Some believe that the entire point of a new Arizona immigration law is to drive Latinos from the state but a controversial sheriff believes that the law will actually cause an increase in population .
Police are now required to ask for residency papers from any person they have a “ reasonable suspicion ” of not being in the country legally .
Critics say the law will almost certainly lead to civil rights violations .
ADVERTISEMENT
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio told NBC ’s Matt Lauer that his officers are trained in questioning suspects without racial profiling .
“ 60 days into the Obama administration , [ Obama ] sent his Justice Department down to the Phoenix area to investigate me for alleged racial profiling .
It ’s been a year and a half and nothing has happened .
So , we know how to enforce the illegal immigration laws without racial profiling , ” Arpaio said Monday .
Jennifer Allen , Director of the Border Action Network , believes the law is designed to make people leave the state and the country .
“ Tire people .
Hit them left , hit them right , from in the front and from the back until people are literally exhausted , and run out of the state and run out of the country , ” she said .
The law is “ an affront to the basic rights and dignities every person has in the State of Arizona , in the United States and around the world , ” said Allen .
Reverend Al Sharpton sees the law as an obvious attack on Latinos .
“ This law is anti-American , it ’s anti-Latino , it ’s anti-immigrant , it is unconstitutional , ” Sharpton told WABC .
The civil rights advocate plans a “ freedom walkers ” march to protest the law .
Isabel Garcia , an attorney in Arizona , told ABC News that the bill was causing people to want to move away from the state .
“ We have not seen this kind of legislation since the Jim Crow laws , ” according to Garcia .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arpaio does n’t deny that the law will prompt Latinos to leave the state but believes the net effect will be an increase in population .
“ I think more people will move here since when we raid private businesses and arrest illegal aliens working there with the majority with phony identification , we ’re making more job openings by getting rid of those that are here illegally and maybe people here that are here that are legal will be able to find a job , ” he argued .
Even if Arpaio is right , Arizona may never have the chance to see its population surge .
Many experts agree that the law will eventually be stayed in court .
“ As an expression of constitutionally permissible law , it is thoroughly flawed , ” according to Andrew Cohen , former chief legal analyst for CBS News .
“ [ I ] n a few weeks , or maybe even a few days , the effect of the state law is likely to be stayed by the federal courts , ” writes Cohen .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from NBC ’s Today Show , broadcast April 26 , 2010 .
The constitutional challenges to ObamaCare have come quickly , and the media are portraying them mostly as hopeless gestures — the political equivalent of Civil War re-enactors .
Discussion over :
You lost , deal with it .
Where will the cloud go ?
Nobody seems to have a handle on it .
And so the agony of hundreds of thousands of stranded air travelers will continue at least throughout this weekend .
British Airways is n’t flying into or out of any London airports Saturday .
Ryanair , the Irish budget airline , is n’t expecting to fly anywhere in northern Europe until Monday .
And today President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel canceled flights to Poland to attend the funeral of the country 's president .
From Singapore to Johannesburg , Los Angeles to Buenos Aires , hundreds of airplanes are stuck in the wrong place .
The behavior of the cloud poses a problem that most Americans will find it hard to understand .
Weather forecasting in the U.S. is so refined that you can usually get at least three days ’ warning of when it will rain , snow , or cook .
Our weather more or less always tracks west to east .
Forecasters can see it through every minute of its development .
So why ca n’t the Met Office , Britain ’s meteorological headquarters , tell us with more confidence when that cloud is going to move , and where ?
They have powerful computers and some of finest weather - system modeling in the world , but no country has a harder time predicting its day - to - day weather than the United Kingdom .
The island is a complex arrangement of hundreds of micro-climates famous for their whimsy .
As Sinatra said about London , “ If you do n’t like the climate , wait five minutes . ”
Which is why the enormous trans -Atlantic cloud 's path over London creates the perfect storm , so to speak .
The 21st century has just met the 19th century , and the 19th century is winning — so far .
The last time the Icelandic volcano erupted was in 1821 , and it continued spouting until 1823 .
This historical detail seemed too distant to consider as we built the modern airways over the Atlantic and Europe .
Now we realize how vulnerable we are to what was , literally , a sleeper .
Today , anyone trying to guess when normal jet service will return to Europe ’s skies has about as much chance of being right as the forecasters .
The cloud has not only affected flights to and from Europe , but the world over .
U.S. travel agents , trying to help clients stranded in , say , South America , are unable to provide back - up itineraries because airline schedules have suddenly been rendered meaningless .
From Singapore to Johannesburg , Los Angeles to Buenos Aires , hundreds of airplanes are stuck in the wrong place .
As soon as the cloud allows , airlines will begin improvising schedules , making it up as they go along to clear the accumulated passenger lists .
It will take as long as a week to see anything approaching normal .
People who have invested a lot of money in their dream vacation have missed their dates .
And since no travel insurance covers acts of nature like this — whom do you sue ?— it will be left to the mercy of the companies to resolve the issues .
Meanwhile , some of the numbers are staggering : 46,500 people using the Eurostar trains between London and Paris in a day ; 600,000 people per day unable to fly out of London ’s airports ; and $ 5,100 for a taxi ride from Oslo , Norway to Brussels , Belgium .
The passenger ?
John Cleese , surrealist comedian and one of the creators of the absurdist Monty Python — the perfect posterboy for the present situation .
Clive Irving is senior consulting editor at Conde Nast Traveler , specializing in aviation — find his blog , Clive Alive , at CliveAlive .
Truth .
Travel .
Wall Street 's best friends , the Republican Senate , are stepping up to protect Wall Street from the mean Democrats .
Mitch McConnell and John Cornyn , still not fessing up on what they promised Wall Street execs in their backroom meeting are making no secret of their intent to obstruct reform .
Even Susan Collins is going to filibuster .
But it takes some chutzpah to suggest that maybe the case against Goldman Sachs is n't really about the massive fraud they committed on investors , but perhaps about politics .
I give Orrin Hatch :
" This whole Goldman Sachs thing , is n't that a little odd that all of a sudden , right at the height of this legislative period , we suddenly have the SEC filing suit against Goldman Sachs ? "
Hatch asked .
" I think the timing is very suspect , " he said ....
" There 's something terribly wrong here and I do n't know what it is , but to do that right at this particular time , you know , the timing is very suspect in my eyes . "
Leave Goldman Sachs alloooooonnnnne !!!!
This is pretty astounding .
Republicans did n't even stand up to defend WellPoint when they chose to raise premiums through the roof in the middle of the health insurance reform debate , so that they 're throwing their lot in with Wall Street now is baffling .
But more of this , please .
The more blatant Republicans are about which side of this fight their on -- Wall Street 's or Main Street 's -- the better .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A domestic extremist group has sent letters to more than 30 U.S. governors demanding they resign , the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI said in an intelligence note .
The note , dated Monday , said the letters told the governors to vacate their posts within three days .
The FBI and DHS said there do not appear to be credible or immediate threats of violence attached to the letters .
The group behind the letters has a " Restore America Plan " that calls for the removal of any governor who fails to comply , the intelligence note said .
While DHS has no information that the removal refers to a specific plan for violence , " law enforcement should be aware that this could be interpreted as a justification for violence or other criminal actions , " the note said .
Other steps in the group 's plan include " establishing bogus courts , calling of ' de jure ' grand juries , and issuing so - called ' legal orders ' to gain control of the state , " the note said .
States that have acknowledged receiving the letters include Wisconsin , Oklahoma , Utah , Arkansas , Maine , Colorado , Rhode Island , Michigan , Georgia , Virginia , Louisiana , North Carolina , South Carolina , Texas , Minnesota , Iowa , Ohio , Nevada , Pennsylvania , West Virginia , New Jersey , Missouri , Montana and Hawaii , officials in those states told CNN or its affiliates .
Officials in Illinois would not say whether they had received a letter .
Officials in Maryland and Idaho said the governors ' offices there had not received such a letter .
Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons received one letter Monday and three more Wednesday , including one by fax , said his chief of staff , Robin Reedy .
The group behind the letters does not believe there should be a federal government , Reedy said .
The letters were not handwritten but did have some handwritten signatures , Reedy said Thursday .
The office had been warned in advance to be on the lookout for the letter , she said .
Gibbons ' office stepped up security at the Nevada Capitol in Carson City after receiving the letters .
Everyone had to enter through one entrance , and an X - ray machine and metal detector were brought in .
Boulders were placed in front of the Capitol so vehicles could not drive close to the building .
The governor had n't seen the letters because he had been in Las Vegas for a few days , Reedy said .
About the Author
Rabbi Ephraim Shore
Rabbi Ephraim Shore is the Director of Development of Aish New York .
Ephraim has worked with Aish HaTorah for 40 years , serving as Executive Director of Aish Jerusalem , Aish Toronto and Aish Miami , as well as HonestReporting .
He is the co-Founder of Jerusalem Fellowships , Hasbara Fellowships , and Discovery Seminars .
He lives in Jerusalem with his wife Esther , their 9 children and assorted grandchildren .
He is an avid mountain biker , swimmer and yoga enthusiast .
News Fallout From the Spring Storm • March 24 , 2010
The slushy spring storm has brought more than a foot of snow to most places along the Front Range ( and is still falling in places this morning ) , crippling cities , closing schools , causing power outages and a slew of accidents , and prompting long , ongoing delays at Denver International Airport .
“ The FAA has imposed a ground hold on flights arriving into DIA , so right now nothing is arriving so we can clean the backlog of departures , ” DIA spokesperson Chuck Cannon tells 9 News .
Tom Henley of Xcel Energy tells 7 News thousands customers in the Denver metro area lost power last night .
This morning , many are still without , according to Xcel ’s Electric Outage Map , which highlights multiple outages .
Thankfully , school buses and minivans are n’t part of the commute this morning along highways that have been clogged with accidents .
A long list of schools are closed or will open late ( via The Denver Post ) .
The storm is expected to move out of the Denver area later today , notes 9 News .
So much deflection , so little time .
First group from State Department FOIA document dump contains some of the contacts Giuliani was making , as the walls close in on Rudy .
Remember that these are documents that the State Department refuses to release to Congress .
This group includes documentation for the smear campaign against the US Ambassador to Ukraine promoted by the Shreks .
The Mafia could n’t kill me so NO , I am not worried about the swamp press ! — Rudy W. Giuliani ( @RudyGiuliani ) November 23 , 2019
Giuliani in interview on Fox News says he is n’t afraid of getting indicted then adds , “ I did the right thing .
I represented my client in a very very effective way . ” — Shimon Prokupecz ( @ShimonPro ) November 23 , 2019
.@RudyGiuliani : " I 'm also going to bring out a pay - for - play scheme in the Obama Administration that will be devastating to the Democrat Party . "
pic.twitter.com/a3UGfRVYWG — M3thods ( @M2 Madness ) November 23 , 2019
Scott Dworkin @funder “ BREAKING : Rep Adam Smith says it ’s “ quite likely ” there will be an ethics investigation into Devin Nunes for his ties to indicted Giuliani associate Lev Parnas .
We filed a House Ethics complaint on Nunes related to this last night .
We are almost certain a probe will be opened . ”
What Blackmail ?
WOW : @RudyGiuliani seems to suggest he has dirt that would prevent TRUMP from turning on him : “ I ’ve seen things written like ‘he is going to throw me under the bus . ’
When they say that , I say ‘he is n’t , but I have insurance . ”
Asserts he as a “ very good relationship ” with Trump .
pic.twitter.com/cD70LM5EJq — Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) November 23 , 2019
RUDY GIULIANI also accuses LEV PARNAS of lying about his interactions with TRUMP , his work for Rudy & whether @ DevinNunes met with SHOKIN , suggesting he 's trying to get a deal .
Parnas " could make himself into another MICHAEL COHEN … I do n’t know what he ’s doing to himself . "
pic.twitter.com/fXuNxas6nm — Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) November 23 , 2019
Giuliani and Pompeo spoke in March after Trump ’s personal assistant put Giuliani ’s assistant in touch with the State Department , documents released late last night show .
https://t.co/aOtrYidVzM
— Rebecca Ballhaus ( @rebeccaballhaus ) November 23 , 2019
Page 45 March 28th Pompeo requests to speak to Giuliani .
What happened that day if anything ?
He 's also talking to Nunes on the same day .
Pg 47 Page 61 - 77 is the mysterious hand delivered packet with the all the Soloman conspiracy theories , along with Shoken and Lutsenko — 🍿 Justice is Served ( @pleasesaveour ) November 23 , 2019
This round of impeachment hearings is over .
What did we learn , and what happens next ?
https://t.co/MU0eSmxH10 pic.twitter.com/uKC5KpZ6Ea — CBS News ( @CBSNews ) November 23 , 2019
Still , questions linger .
There are facts not contested by Republicans or Democrats :
The Trump administration never contacted Interpol about any issue regarding corruption at Burisma generally or Hunter Biden specifically .
The Trump administration never initiated a Justice Department investigation of this matter .
The pre-Zelensky Prosecutor General in Ukraine , Yuriy Lutsenko , was corrupt .
Trump ’s personal attorney , Rudy Giuliani , peddled falsehoods from Lutsenko to smear the U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , Marie Yovanovitch .
Trump - appointed officials tried to impress on Trump that the incoming Zelensky administration was not corrupt and faced persistent resistance .
Portions of congressionally appropriated military aid totaling $ 391 million are suspended , and no one in Trump ’s national security / diplomatic universe could find out why – except officials from the Office of Management and Budget who said the order came from Trump via acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney .
Zelensky “ desperately ” wanted an Oval Office meeting with Trump .
Still does .
In two calls with Zelensky , Trump never mentioned long - standing U.S. efforts to reduce corruption in Ukraine . www.cbsnews.com/…
SCOOP : The head of Naftogaz , Ukraine ’s state gas firm , told me he is ready to testify against Rudy Giuliani in a federal investigation in New York .
https://t.co/U1MJT6Hs7P
My impression from our interview :
He was practically giddy at the chance .
More details next week @TIME — Simon Shuster ( @shustry ) November 23 , 2019
The popular stereotype of the Tea Parties is that they represent the conservative fringe of the Republican Party mixed in with extreme right - wing independents and consist overwhelmingly of angry white men given to violent rhetoric and displays of firearms .
According to CNN , however , nothing could be further from the truth .
The Tea Partiers are just regular folks — people from all walks of life , warm and friendly and accepting of diversity .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When it comes to the Tea Party movement , the stereotypes do n’t tell the whole story , ” CNN ’s Shannon Travis writes .
“ Here ’s what you do n’t often see .
… Patriotic signs professing a love for country ; mothers and fathers with their children ; African - Americans proudly participating ; and senior citizens bopping to a hip - hop rapper . ”
Even more startling than this image of wholesome family outings , however , is Travis ’s claim that he has seen no signs of racism at the rallies .
“ There were a few signs that could be seen as offensive to African - Americans , ” he writes .
“ But by and large , no one I spoke with or I heard from on stage said anything that was approaching racist .
Almost everyone I met was welcoming to this African - American television news producer . ”
Travis is embedded with the Tea Party Express tour , which kicked off last month with a “ conservative Woodstock ” in Harry Reid ’s home town and which CNN has been covering heavily .
“ Being at a Tea Party rally is not quite like seeing it on TV , in newspapers or online , ” Travis explains .
“ That ’s the reason CNN is covering this political movement — and doing so in ways few others can or choose to do .
…
It is important to show the colorful anger Americans might have against elected leaders and Washington . …
But people should also see the orange - vested Tea Party hospitality handlers who welcome you with colorful smiles . ”
Critics of the Tea Parties have been skeptical of both Travis ’s claims and CNN ’s heavy promotion of the latest tour .
In a post last week titled , “ CNN pimps Great American Tea Party Express PR and Propaganda Tour , ” Crooks and Liars suggested that “ CNN is serving as a built - in PR machine for the Tea Party Express .
… CNN has embedded a small press corps in their custom - painted ‘ CNN Express ’ press bus for the sole purpose of following teabaggers around the country , reporting 3 - 4 times daily on the activities of the corporate - funded , RNC - connected Tea Party Express . ”
Dave Weigel , who is now the Washington Post ’s resident expert on the right , adds that CNN ’s decision has “ befuddled the right and left alike .
He suggests that CNN is attempting to assuage the anger of the Tea Parties last year when “ CNN ’s Susan Roesgen became tea party public enemy No. 1 for a combative segment she filmed at an event in Chicago . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mediaite ’s Tommy Christopher , on the other hand , is dismissive of the entire notion that CNN is “ pimping ” for the Tea Parties .
He believes the network does n’t really care about making the Tea Parties look good but is only trying to maintaining a colorful story that would otherwise be running out of steam as people notice that the latest rallies have been “ drawing smaller crowds than the aftermath of a chili cookoff . ”
Christopher is more critical of CNN for claiming that “ disgruntled Democrats ” are now gravitating towards the Tea Parties , even though its own polls show no such thing .
A recent CNN article came up with two “ lifelong Democrats ” at a Tea Party Express rally who parroted the Tea Party line that they ’re worried about government “ doing too much ” and the Obama administration “ spreading the wealth . ”
“ Again , the motivation for this is to keep the story interesting , ” Christopher suggests , “ and not to necessarily shill for the Tea Party .
As reporter after reporter has told me , if thereÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a bias in the mainstream media , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s in the direction of laziness . ”
Smoked salmon should be one of the wonders of the world .
I often refer to this recipe as “ salmon bacon ” because that is close to what you will be making .
Smoky , salty , intensely rich and complex , this salmon does n’t last long in my house ( even my picky children ca n’t get enough ) .
It may be a little more time consuming that some of the other Gatehouse Gourmet recipes , but it is well worth the effort .
I generally make a lot of this at once and eat it over the next few days ( it should last 10 days in the refrigerator , or 6 months if frozen ) .
The Brine
The process begins with creating the brine in which the salmon will marinate for about a day ( a minimum of 8 hours , and no longer than two days if you really want , however overnight is usually perfect ) .
Ingredients for the brine
6 cups water
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/3 cup kosher salt ( kosher salt dissolves much more easily than table salt )
4 bay leaves
1/2 a medium sized onion , chopped
3 garlic cloves , pressed ( crushed )
1/2 cup fennel , chopped
1 stalk of celery
You will need :
2 lbs salmon fillet ( s ) , pin bones removed
Mix all the above ingredients together and marinate the fish in a non-reactive container ( glass , Tupperware , etc ) for at least 8 hours in the refrigerator .
Overnight seems to work best .
The fish will cure in the brine , which will draw out some of the moisture , concentrating the flavor .
It will also allow salt to penetrate the meat , which will also enhance the flavor of the fish .
Drying the Fish
Remove the fish from the brine and lay it on a rack in a cool area , allowing air to circulate over the top and bottom if the fish .
Allow the fish to dry for 2 - 3 hours , and the fish will form what is called a ‘ pellicle ’ on its surface , which is a thin , hard layer of protein that will both seal the fish , and allow the smoky flavor to adhere later .
Smoking the Fish
This dish calls for “ hot smoking ” which is smoking in a heated environment , rather than a cool one , which will also somewhat cook the fish .
In your smoker , feel free to add any type of wood that you prefer , Apple , Oak , Hickory , etc .
The fish should be smoked at about 140 degrees for approximately 2 hours , more or less depending on the thickness of the fillets ( tail sections may take as little as 1 hour , while the thickest fillets should n’t take much longer than 2.5 hours ) .
When the internal temperature of the fish reaches 140 degrees , it is done ( a meat thermometer is very handy here ) .
You can also tell it is done by checking to see when the meat flakes easily .
The more you do this , the better your instincts will be to determine doneness .
I will often double this recipe and make up to 5 pounds of salmon at a time since I can’t keep it around long enough to enjoy it .
My suggestion …
Hide it so you do n’t have to share .
The 5 steps to buying a house
Like any area of personal finance , there ’s no big secret to buying a house — but it does involve thinking differently than most people .
I ’m talking about the folks who make the biggest purchase of their lives without fully understanding the true costs .
That ’s why I decided to update my article on buying a house to help you understand those costs … and show you exactly how to go about doing it .
Note : I ’ve distilled these lessons from my friend Owen Johnson ’s 7 - part primer on real estate investment .
If you want even more detailed lessons on purchasing real estate , be sure to check out his posts .
The steps are :
Step 1 : Obtain your credit reports
If you plan to buy a house in full with cash , you can just skip this part ( and also , you must be a student of mine ! ) .
However , if you ’re within the majority of people who do n’t have the funds to do that , you ’re going to need to get a mortgage .
And to get a mortgage , you ’re going to need to get your credit score and report .
Credit score vs credit report
Though your credit score and credit report have a lot in common , you need to know that they are NOT the same thing .
Many people conflate the two , and though they are very similar in a lot of respects , they ’ll tell you different information .
Here ’s a description of both as well as how exactly you can obtain them :
Credit report
This is an all - inclusive report detailing your credit history .
It ’ll include information such as your :
Loan history
Accounts opened and closed
Payment history
Credit balance
You ’re entitled to a free credit report each year , per the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
Credit score
Your credit score is an actual number — the same number that renters and lenders will utilize in order to assess how safe it is to have you as a customer .
A strong credit score will save you a lot of money and give you a position of strength to negotiate from .
A weak credit score may be a reason to rent for a few more years .
When you ’re attempting to get a good rate from a lender , you ’re going to want a good credit score .
In fact , a good credit score can be worth tens of thousands of dollars to you .
( This is the kind of Big Win we should focus on , rather than cutting back lattes . )
For example , imagine there are two home buyers :
Kyra , who has great credit ( 760 )
Dakota , who has poor credit ( 620 )
In their 30s , they decide to buy houses of similar prices .
How much do you think they each pay ?
Spoiler alert :
Not the same amount .
Check out the graph below :
Source : MyFico.com .
Data calculated in June 2017 .
Because Dakota has poor credit , he ’ll end up paying over $ 67,000 more in interest than Kyra — whose credit is awesome .
If your credit is n’t the best though , you might still be able to get an okay down payment request on the loan .
However , if you want a standard FHA loan ( the best loan for first - time buyers ) , you should n’t go below 580 .
If you do , you ’re probably going to end up with a loan that requires a 10 % down payment and a terrible interest rate .
If your credit score is bad ( below 620 ) , you ’ll want to improve it .
Here are a few resources from IWT that ’ll help you do just that .
Action item :
Get your credit score and report
To get a free credit report , there are three major companies that will provide them for you :
It does n’t matter which one you use , they ’ll all be able to provide you the same information .
The report is the data used to calculate your credit score .
Checking your credit score is also incredibly simple .
There is a seemingly endless amount of sites and services out there that ’ll provide you your credit score , but here are a few notable ones that will provide you your score for free :
Step 2 : Find out “ how much house ” you can afford
Unfortunately , finding out how much you can afford is a bit complicated — involving intense algorithms , big mathematical equations drawn on chalkboards , and an abacus .
Just kidding !
You can easily find out how much you can afford using the 28/36 rule .
This is a rule of thumb used by creditors to determine roughly how much they ’re willing to lend to you .
Here ’s how it works .
Household expenses should not exceed 28 % of your gross monthly income .
Household debt should not exceed 36 % of your gross monthly income .
This is also known as your debt - to - income ratio .
Let ’s take a look at those areas more deeply to understand why it matters to you and the creditors .
Household expenses
These expenses are also known as the PITI — and they are :
Principal .
This is the part of the payment that goes towards paying down the amount you borrowed to purchase the house .
This is the part of the payment that goes towards paying down the amount you borrowed to purchase the house .
Interest .
This is the rate creditors charge for lending you the principal .
This is the rate creditors charge for lending you the principal .
Taxes .
This is your property tax .
This is your property tax .
Insurance .
This is your homeowner ’s insurance .
When you calculate your PITI compared to your income , you arrive at your “ front - end ratio ” aka the number creditors use to determine how much house you can afford .
Here ’s how to calculate it :
Dollar amount of your PITI ÷ Dollar amount of your gross monthly income = Front - end ratio
And then :
Front - end ratio x 100 = Front - end ratio percentage
You ’ll want your PITI number to be less than 28 % of your gross monthly income .
For example , if your gross monthly income amounts to $ 4,000 / month , the best mortgage you ’re likely to attain would amount to no more than $ 1,120 / month , since that ’s 28 % of your income .
Household debt
This number compares your income to your debt — and it determines how risky it is to lend to you .
The riskier you are , the smaller chance you have of attaining a home loan , or at least a home loan with a good interest rate .
Here ’s the calculation for it :
Dollar amount of monthly debt you owe ÷
Dollar amount of your gross monthly income = Debt - to - income ratio
And then :
Debt - to - income ratio x 100 = Debt - to - income ratio percentage
Say you owe about $ 1,000 in debt month to month and make $ 75,000 a year ( $ 6,250 / month ) .
We ’d then take 1,000 divided by 6,250 to get your debt - to - income ratio , like so :
1,000 ÷ 6,250 = .16
Multiply .16 by 100 and you have 16 % for your debt - to - income ratio .
The lower the number is , the better .
While the 28/36 rule of thumb says that you should ideally have no more than 36 % for your debt - to - income ratio , most lenders will provide you a mortgage up to 49 % .
So if your debt - to - income ratio amounted to 16 % like in the example above , you ’d be in good shape for a loan .
Once you know roughly how much you can afford , it ’s time to find someone who ’ll help you find a perfect house : Your Realtor .
Step 3 : Meet with a Realtor
Much like a good lender , a good Realtor will be an agent who is going to represent you and your interests .
Unfortunately , there are a lot of real estate agents out there who just want to make a buck and keep their companies afloat .
This means it ’s going to be a little bit of work on your part to find a trustworthy real estate agent — but it ’s absolutely worth it .
In general , there are two types of real estate agencies out there :
Seller ’s agency .
These agencies represent the person selling the actual house .
They are there to protect the interests of only the seller .
You ’re not looking for a seller ’s agent .
Buyer ’s agency .
Like the seller ’s agent but … well , for buyers .
These agencies represent you and want to protect your interests .
You want to find a buyer ’s agent .
Go check your state board of Realtors in order to find a reputable buyer ’s agent .
They ’ll be able to connect you with someone who ’ll be able to find you a good house at a solid price point .
You can find your state board ’s information through Google or this website here .
For the most part , you wo n’t have to pay for the buyer ’s agent service — but this changes from place to place .
Just make sure you do your research .
NOTE : Never sign a buyer ’s agency contract !
According to Owen , “ a good buyer ’s agent is forming a long - term relationship with you and you should n’t need a contract to keep you with them . ”
Once you find a good real estate agent , you ’ll be able to start looking for houses .
Luckily , it ’s a buyer ’s market out there .
As a result , there are a huge variety of places you can start looking for homes , such as :
Newspaper ads .
Yeah , yeah .
I know .
“ Get with the times ! ” Fact is , the way your parents found and bought a house is still in use and you can find plenty of good information on open houses in newspapers .
Yeah , yeah .
I know .
“ Get with the times ! ” Fact is , the way your parents found and bought a house is still in use and you can find plenty of good information on open houses in newspapers .
The internet .
Websites like Realtor.com or Zillow.com will be able to provide you with solid home listings in your town .
Websites like or will be able to provide you with solid home listings in your town .
Ask your Realtor .
Once you find your Realtor , they will be able to set you up with some private open houses .
They have access to something called the Multiple Listing Service .
This is a comprehensive online resource that has listings of the vast majority of properties in the country — and it ’s a resource many American households turn to when searching for new homes .
Once you find your Realtor , they will be able to set you up with some private open houses .
They have access to something called the Multiple Listing Service .
This is a comprehensive online resource that has listings of the vast majority of properties in the country — and it ’s a resource many American households turn to when searching for new homes .
Neighbors .
If you like your neighborhood or know which one you like , go ask people if any houses are for sale .
It ’s also worthwhile to meet people before you ’re stuck living near them for years .
Action item : Find a Realtor
Contact your state board of Realtors and ask them to put you in contact with a good buyer ’s agent in your area .
Be sure to treat all agents with respect .
Even when you ’re looking at houses with another agent showing you the listing , make it clear with them that you are working through your very own buyer ’s agent .
This just makes the whole process much more transparent and thus easier for everyone involved .
When you find the house you want , it ’s time to …
Step 4 : Find a direct lender
Lenders are the actual institutions that will be providing a mortgage for buying your home .
They include companies like banks and mortgage banks .
When it comes to finding a lender , direct and correspondent lenders will typically be able to provide you with solid rates and low closing costs .
Here ’s a more detailed description of the two :
Correspondent lender .
This is a lender who provides the money for your mortgage but sells it to you through a direct lender such as a bank .
Direct lender .
These lenders will provide you with a mortgage directly with no additional fees .
I suggest going with a direct lender and cutting out the middleman .
From here , you ’re going to want to do a bit of research into lenders that ’ll provide you the best rates .
A few options on that end :
Ask a friend .
If you have friends or relatives who already own property , call them up and ask them if they know of a good , reputable lender .
If you have friends or relatives who already own property , call them up and ask them if they know of a good , reputable lender .
Call up the bank .
Since most banks provide mortgage lending , you should call up any and all major banks in your town and ask to talk to someone about getting a mortgage .
Since most banks provide mortgage lending , you should call up any and all major banks in your town and ask to talk to someone about getting a mortgage .
Check online .
The internet is a vast resource at your disposal .
Be sure to leverage it then by visiting sites like BankRate.com to see if you can get a good deal .
REMEMBER : Your lender is an integral part of you buying a house .
To that end , you ’re going to want to make sure you have someone who you like and is honest with you .
As my friend Owen Johnson says , “ A good lender representative pays attention to their clients through closing , and makes sure the deal happens .
Be open and honest with your lender … and triple check everything your lender sends you . ”
Action item : Call three lenders and ask about their rates
Call up three lenders , whether they be through your bank , your friend , or online .
Ask them about their rates and compare your results .
Once you ’re ready , choose one of them and say you ’re interested in getting a mortgage .
They ’re going to give you a pre-approval letter , which you ’ll need to have in order to actually purchase the house — more on that later .
Step 5 : Make an offer
When you find a house that you like and want to make an offer , your next step to buying the house is to find out what the property is actually worth .
Though it might be tempting ( read : incredibly stupid ) to just throw out a ballpark number , do the smart thing and research the ever loving crap out of this house .
To do that , I suggest a number of tactics :
Hire an outside property inspector .
These inspectors are third - party professionals who will go through your home and examine it for structural flaws , damages , and repair suggestions .
When they ’re finished , they ’ll provide you a full report of the house and you can use this as leverage in your negotiations .
They ’re allowed to go through the house as long as you ask the real estate agent for permission , so be sure to ask permission .
Here ’s an incredibly handy tool from CertifiedHomeInspector.org to help you find one in your area .
These inspectors are third - party professionals who will go through your home and examine it for structural flaws , damages , and repair suggestions .
When they ’re finished , they ’ll provide you a full report of the house and you can use this as leverage in your negotiations .
Ask your lender for a home appraisal .
When your loan is approved , you ’ll be able to attain an appraisal from your lender on the house .
That means that your lender will take into account a number of factors regarding the house including price of houses surrounding it , number of rooms , how large it is , whether or not it has a swimming pool , etc .
Depending on where you are , the appraisal might take a little while — though no more than one to four weeks .
The appraisal will not only give you a good idea of what a fair asking price for the house is , but it will also protect your lender from overpaying for a house .
When your loan is approved , you ’ll be able to attain an appraisal from your lender on the house .
That means that your lender will take into account a number of factors regarding the house including price of houses surrounding it , number of rooms , how large it is , whether or not it has a swimming pool , etc .
Look at things other than money .
Remember :
There ’s much more to life than money — and that sentiment is very true when it comes to buying a house .
When you ’re negotiating , remember that you can always ask for other perks such as a washer and dryer , a sprinkler system , or even things like new windows or paint .
You do n’t have to just focus on money .
During this time , you ’ll be able to negotiate on things like property repairs if the inspector found something , as well as plan your move .
Once you get the appraisal , your loan is approved , and everything is inspected , you ’ll be ready to close the offer .
On the day of closing , the seller will typically allow you to walk through and inspect your property .
As Owen says ,
“ If anything seems different at this point than what you expect , bring it up , because you are n’t going to have much recourse after the closing .
Things to watch out for range from tenants still living in the house when you agreed to have the building delivered vacant to a window being broken that was n’t broken at inspection . ”
You ’re also going to want to have your lawyer send you a copy of the settlement statement so you can review it before closing the deal .
This statement provides a breakdown of all the costs on your end and the seller ’s end .
Unfortunately , the settlement statement is often an incredibly bizarre and Kafkaesque document with myriad fees , charges , and funds .
Make sure that you ask your lawyer any questions you have regarding the statement so you ’re clear on everything .
Seriously .
A small error in your settlement can mean a huge amount of money lost on your end , so be attentive .
Action item : Call your parents ( or anyone you know who owns a house )
Ask them if they could walk you through their settlement statement with them in order to help you research and prep for the closing process .
These statements are financially sensitive materials so make sure you ask someone who will be fine with you reading their settlement .
( Bonus ) Step 6 : Move into your new home !
Now it ’s just time to move into your new home .
Call up three to five of your best buds , and lure them in with lofty promises of pizza and beer so you do n’t have to lug all your stuff in yourself .
There you have it .
The steps you need to take in order to buy a house .
After you move in and get settled , start basking in the fact that you ’ve finally reached the American Dream® … but is it really all that it ’s cracked up to be ?
If you ’re reading this before you ’ve bought a house , I ’m glad I caught you .
Over the years , I ’ve talked about how much I absolutely hate with every fiber of my being generally dislike investing in real estate .
After all , it ’s easily the biggest purchase many of us will ever make in our entire lives .
Yet the large majority of people are willing to rush into it without any research or consideration to alternatives ( i.e. , not purchasing a house at all and putting lots of money into an index fund ) .
And … why ?
Why do we choose to dive right into the biggest commitment of our lives ?
The fact is , buying a house is an ever - pervasive invisible script that we blindly follow without a second thought .
You know what they are .
Invisible scripts are those guiding beliefs so deeply embedded in our day - to - day lives that we do n’t even realize that they ’re present .
For example , all our lives we ’re told things like :
First , you need to get good grades to go to a good university .
Then , you need to get a college degree .
After you graduate , you need to get married .
Eventually , you need to have kids .
You should buy a house in the suburbs .
And the compulsion to eventually buy a house is one of those scripts that fits right in there , despite the fact that it ’s one of the biggest , life - altering decisions you can make .
Do n’t get me wrong :
You can and should buy a house eventually — but only if it ’s right for YOU .
If it ’s not , you might find yourself strapped to a money sink you did n’t even know was there .
I ’ve talked before about the myths surrounding real estate .
They include things like :
“ I ’m throwing away my money if I keep renting ! ” WRONG .
People who say things like this do n’t take into account the “ phantom costs ” of owning a home .
Those are things like home maintenance and repairs , property taxes , insurance , HOA fees , and utilities that fall on YOUR shoulders to address when you own .
Home values may also not rise enough to give you the equity you expect .
WRONG .
People who say things like this do n’t take into account the “ phantom costs ” of owning a home .
Those are things like home maintenance and repairs , property taxes , insurance , HOA fees , and utilities that fall on YOUR shoulders to address when you own .
Home values may also not rise enough to give you the equity you expect .
“ I can take advantage of the tax savings ! ”
This does n’t even make any sense .
Even if you deduct a good amount of your mortgage interest from your taxes , you ’d be deducting money you ’d ordinarily never spend .
This does n’t even make any sense .
Even if you deduct a good amount of your mortgage interest from your taxes , you ’d be deducting money you ’d ordinarily never spend .
“ If I cut back on avocado toast , I ’ll be able to afford a — ” Stop it .
Just .
Stop .
Of course , I do n’t think that buying a house is always a bad decision .
The majority of the time though , people just jump into it for the wrong reasons .
If a house is a part of your idea of a Rich Life , then I want to help you pay for it the smart way .
That ’s why I ’m offering you a gift : A chapter from my NYT ’s bestseller I Will Teach You to Be Rich , for FREE .
This chapter goes into the nuts and bolts of creating your own Conscious Spending Plan .
It ’s an automated way to help you spend , save , and invest without the pain of managing your money each week .
Just click on the link here and you can download the chapter for free .
Enjoy !
And it 's the Philosophy Department .
What could be the explanation for this bizarre decision ?
Thoughts from readers .
Signed comments strongly preferred .
UPDATE : This blog has a series of posts with information about protests , administrators involved in this fiasco , and other pertinent links .
The pseudo - business blather from the Dean noted here might suggest why he would be unsympathetic to a department with a strong commitment to Marxist and critical theory .
' We knew there was going to have to be a statement , ' Gang Starr MC 's associate says .
On a tremendously tough day for Gang Starr fans , the death of the duo's MC , Guru ( real name : Keith Elam ) , from cancer was announced by his associate Solar early Tuesday ( April 20 ) , and included a long " farewell " letter that Solar said was written by Guru in the weeks before his death .
The tone of the letter was harsh toward DJ Premier , Guru 's former partner in Gang Starr .
" I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name , likeness , events , tributes etc. connected in anyway to my situation including any use of my name or circumstance for any reason and I have instructed my lawyers to enforce this , " the letter reads in part .
" I had nothing to do with him in life for over seven years and want nothing to do with him in death .
Solar has my life story and is well informed on my family situation , as well as the real reason for separating from my ex-DJ. ...
" The work I have done with Solar represents a legacy far beyond its time .
And we as a team were not afraid to push the envelope .
To me this is what true artists do !
As men of honor we stood tall in the face of small - mindedness , greed , and ignorance .
As we fought for music and integrity at the cost of not earning millions and for this I will always be happy and proud , and would like to thank the million fans who have seen us perform over the years from all over the world .
The work I have done with Solar represents a legacy far beyond its time and is my most creative and experimental to date .
I hope that our music will receive the attention it deserves as it is some of the best work I have done and represents some of the best years of my life . "
In the wake of the letter , fans , journalists and even some of Guru 's peers took to the Internet to question its authenticity .
People close to Guru said it just did n't sound like him , and many questioned how he could write a letter in such a weakened medical condition .
Rapper Bumpy Knuckles ( also known as Freddie Foxx ) , who worked extensively with Gang Starr , fumed on his Twitter page :
" It 's an insult that websites would post a letter from a man who has been in a coma since Feb . R U serious ?
Do ur homework , journalist !
Please , " he wrote in part .
" Guru& DJ Premier made real hip - hop 2 gether .
No1 will ever be able to cloud that with fake letters and phony statements .
Sites shld know better . "
The Roots ' ? uestlove took to Twitter as well , referencing French MC Solaar , who worked with Guru on the Jazzmatazz project .
" Only Solaar I wanna hear w / Guru is the remix Primo did from France 's MC Solaar back in 92 when he KILT ( flipped ) Miles ' ' So What . ' ...
Not trying to bring negativity into the situation .
But I do NOT believe he wrote that letter .
1 ) he was in a coma .
2 ) HE WAS IN A COMA ! "
" Just confused , " radio personality Miss Info wrote on Tuesday .
" If Solar wrote this letter in Guru 's name to push agenda , it does Guru 's legacy a disservice ( and their friendship too ) .
All that Solar did in life for Guru , he undid in his passing if the words ' I , Guru , am writing this letter ' are untrue ... "
Reader Rob sounded off on MTVNews.com on Tuesday : " The Guru ' farewell ' letter reeks of fakeness . "
On Tuesday afternoon , Solar spoke with MTV News about the controversy , saying that he and Guru had prepared the statement quite some time ago .
" In some ways , I 've been prepared for this , " Solar said about Guru 's death .
" We got the news that it was terminal at the beginning of the year , that the cancer was n't turning around .
So we knew .
" He died yesterday .
We both had hoped he would beat it , " Solar added .
" It was a very inspirational , inspiring fight we fought . "
He vehemently denied that the letter was not written by Guru .
" I mean , it 's ridiculous , " he said .
" Guru knew this time would come .
The great artist he is , us being intelligent people , we knew there was going to have to be a statement relating to this .
Unfortunately , there are those who have the wicked agenda , and just can't accept that Guru and I have handled this thing as men and not children , and this is how men of honor handle their business .
He arranged his press release .
I 'm the repository of Guru 's life story .
I recorded his life story for book and for movies .
We 're not foolish .
He was diagnosed with cancer well over a year ago .
It 's been operations and so forth .
It would be ridiculous for him to not be prepared . "
At press time , representatives for DJ Premier and Guru 's family had not responded to MTV News ' requests for comment .
Share your memories of Guru and Gang Starr in the comments below .
Michael Chertoff , the former homeland security chief who ’s not been shy about exploiting terrorist threats for the benefit of his clients , has decided to join a top defense contractor that defrauded the U.S. government .
The one - time head of the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) under President George W. Bush is now a board member of BAE Systems , the United Kingdom - based defense corporation that agreed to pay $ 447 million in fines to the American and British governments to settle allegations of corruption , including bribing a top Saudi Arabian official .
BAE is the eighth - largest contractor doing business with Washington , having received $ 7.1 billion in government contracts in 2009 alone .
It also has received more than $ 200 million from DHS since 2005 .
Following the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight on Christmas Day , Chertoff was seen on television calling for the government to buy full - body scanners for airport checkpoints .
Chertoff failed to mention in numerous interviews that his consulting business represented the company , Rapiscan Systems , that makes the scanners .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Are Economists Influential Enough ?
There ’s no doubt in my mind that economics is currently the queen of the social sciences .
Economists have invaded intellectual territory that was previously the exclusive domain of our friends in sociology , political science , criminology , geography and , to a degree , history .
While the President regularly consults his Council of Economic Advisers , I ’m not aware of him seeking the counsel of parallel councils of sociological , historical , or psychological advisers .
( I will concede that he consults political advisers , although I suspect that they are only tenuously connected to scholarship in modern political science . )
Popular discussion of economics trumps that of the other social sciences .
Newsweek even declared economics “ the sexiest trade alive . ”
But it turns out that economists are terrible book writers , and have had almost no influence on the humanities .
The evidence ?
Thomson Reuters has compiled a list of the books most often cited in scholarly journals , and it is pretty compelling stuff .
The list is filled with folks who are commonly cited in the humanities , with Michael Foucault at the top .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , philosophers dominate , winning eighteen of the top thirty - seven slots .
But our sister social sciences also do pretty well , with eleven sociologists , and three psychologists ( plus two psychoanalysts ) , two political theorists , and two anthropologists .
But economics ?
Well , way down , second - last on the list , there ’s one economist .
Sort of .
It ’s Karl Marx , who is correctly also identified as a sociologist and a political theorist .
What explains the poor showing of economists ?
It ca n’t be that we do n’t write books .
Indeed , the movement of economic scholarship from books to journals is relatively recent .
Nearly all of the most important works in economics are , in fact , books .
Think about : Smith‘s Wealth of Nations ( and his Theory of Moral Sentiments ) ; Ricardo‘s Political Economy ; Marshall ‘s Principles ; Keynes ‘s General Theory ; Von Neumann and Morgenstern ‘s Games and Economic Behavior ; Samuelson ‘s Foundations ; Friedman and Schwarz ‘s Monetary History ; or , more recently , Becker ‘s Economics of Discrimination , Human Capital and his Treatise on the Family .
But apparently there ’s not enough here to be as influential as , say , a post - structuralist philosopher like Judith Butler .
My guess is that the absence of any economics book from the Thomson Reuters list reflects the fact that economics has had no influence on the humanities .
I ’m not sure why .
Political perceptions may be part of the story :
For some reason , economics is perceived to be a somewhat right - wing discipline .
But that ca n’t be the whole story .
So I ’m interested : Do you have any other explanations ?
( HT : Marginal Revolution )
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
lol
This is great .
Fact . ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 18:57 , archived ) ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 18:57 ,
one reply and an fp ?
bizzaro !
anyway , i lol'd .
( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 22:28 , archived ) ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 22:28 ,
FP ? Seriously ?
I 'm definitely calling me mum now .
She 's going to want to put the whole internet on the fridge ... ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 23:02 , archived ) ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 23:02 ,
You are
Paul Copperwaite AICMFP archived ) ( , Thu 22 Apr 2010 , 23:28 ,
Best thing
for a long time ( , Fri 23 Apr 2010 , 0:55 , archived ) ( , Fri 23 Apr 2010 , 0:55 ,
I can't hide my pleasure at this
* fap * fap * fap ( , Fri 23 Apr 2010 , 13:54 , archived ) ( , Fri 23 Apr 2010 , 13:54 ,
Greece crisis :
Fears grow that it could spread
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The head of the International Monetary Fund has warned that the crisis in Greece could spread throughout Europe .
Dominique Strauss - Kahn said that every day lost in resolving Greece 's problems risks spreading the impact " far away " .
World financial markets , recovering slightly on Wednesday , have been badly hit by fears of contagion from Greece .
Mr Strauss - Kahn was speaking at a news conference in Berlin after trying to persuade reluctant German politicians to back the terms of a rescue deal .
But even as politicians were trying to resolve the crisis , Europe 's debt problems were flaring elsewhere .
We now enter an uncertain period .
Will the financial markets test Portugal or Spain ?
The Spanish economy is five times the size of Greece .
Will other bail - outs be needed and would the German taxpayer revolt against helping out others ?
Gavin Hewitt , BBC europe editor
Read Gavin 's blog in full The Standard & Poor 's ratings agency delivered more bad news by downgrading Spain 's debt to AA from AA +.
The agency said Spain 's growth prospects were weak after the collapse of a credit - fuelled housing and construction bubble .
Mr Strauss - Kahn 's comments foreshadowed S&P 's news .
" What is at stake today is the economic situation of Greece .
But it 's more than that .
" We also need to restore confidence ...
I 'm confident that the problem will be fixed .
But if we do n't fix it in Greece , it may have a lot of consequences on the European Union , " Mr Strauss - Kahn said .
Mr Strauss - Kahn , and European Central Bank president Jean - Claude Trichet , were in Berlin to urge German MPs to agree to a rescue deal under which Greece would get billions of euros in loans .
Deeply unpopular
For me personally , it 's getting to be a real possibility that I may need to leave this country .
We may see a new wave of people leaving , particularly young people , especially if our salaries decrease .
Ioannis Matzavrakos , Athens
Eurozone crisis : Readers ' reaction Greece faces ' death spiral ' German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that talks on the bail - out package must be sped up .
" It is perfectly clear that the negotiations with the Greek government , the European Commission and the IMF need to be accelerated , " she said after meeting Mr Strauss - Kahn .
" We hope they can be wrapped up in the coming days , " she said .
But many German politicians are opposed to the bail - out of Greece , and Mrs Merkel has herself been accused of offering only qualified support .
Germany is facing elections , and with public opinion against giving billions of euros to Greece , Mrs Merkel must tread a fine line .
As Europe 's largest economy , Germany would provide the biggest single loan to Greece among the eurozone nations .
The aid package being offered by the EU and IMF is currently 45bn euros ( $ 59bn ; £ 39bn ) .
But support for the bail - out in Germany will not be helped by claims that the total cost of the proposed package could be up to 120bn euros over three years .
After meeting Mr Strauss - Kahn on Wednesday , the leader of Germany 's Green Party , Juergen Trittin , said the aid could total " between 100bn and 120bn euros " .
Risk fears Financial markets continued to be hit , following credit rating agency Standard and Poor 's downgrade of Greek debt to " junk " on Tuesday .
The message that has been emerging from the markets this week is that a resolution to the Greek crisis needs to be found in the next few days .
A failure to resolve the issue runs the risk of sparking contagion through Southern Europe
Simon Derrick , Senior currency strategist , BNY Mellon
Q&A : Greece 's economic woes Greece crisis :
What can be done ?
Could UK face same fate ?
Portugal hopes not to be next
This means the rating agency views Greece as a much riskier place to invest , and increases the interest rate investors will charge the Greek government to borrow much - needed money on the open market .
On Wednesday , that interest rate hit 11.3 % for 10 - year Greek bonds - another all - time high for a eurozone country .
Interest rates on two - year bonds hit a new high of almost 19 % , later falling back to 16 % .
The euro hit a one - year low against the dollar of $ 1.3146 .
European stocks also fell sharply on Wednesday , although they recovered some of their losses in afternoon trading .
Overnight Japan 's leading share index , the Nikkei 225 , closed down more than 2.5 % .
The turmoil forced Greece 's stock market regulators to impose a ban on short - selling , amid concerns that bank shares are being undermined by speculators .
Contagion concerns Concerns about the Spanish and Portuguese economies also intensified following the downgrade by S&P .
Spain 's deputy prime minister , Maria Teresa de la Vega , appealed for market calm , telling reporters : " We have a very serious plan of ... deficit reduction .
We have adopted an austerity programme .
" We are adopting all the measures needed to meet our commitments .
So I want to send a message of confidence to the population and of calm to the markets , " she said .
PROBABILITY OF COUNTRIES BEING UNABLE TO PAY BACK DEBT
With any debtor , there is a chance they will not be able to repay their debts .
These figures in the above graph express the likelihood as a percentage called the Cumulative Probability of Default ( CPD )
The figures express the probability of a country defaulting sometime over the next five years
Mr Strauss - Kahn also urged caution in the face of the downgrade .
Ratings agencies " are reflecting what they are collecting in the market ....
One should not believe too much what they say , even if they are useful , " he said .
But even before the downgrade investors were turning negative on Spain .
Yields on Spanish 10 - year bonds reached their highest level - 4.27 % - since the euro was launched .
Meanwhile , investors are demanding an interest rate of close to 6 % from Portugal .
" If yields rise much further Portugal may , like Greece , be in a position where [ borrowing ] on the open market becomes just too expensive , " warned Jane Foley , research director at currency trader Forex.com .
Portugal 's Prime Minister Jose Socrates spoke of " a speculative attack on the euro and Portuguese debt " .
He said he would work with the opposition party to restore economic confidence in the country which also had its credit rating downgraded on Tuesday .
Time running out HAVE YOUR SAY
The Greeks need to accept the pain that is the inevitable and foreseeable consequence MarkGE According to Simon Derrick , from Bank of New York Mellon , time is now running out for Greece to secure a deal .
" The message that has been emerging from the markets this week is that a resolution to the Greek crisis needs to be found in the next few days , " he said , warning that delays risk " sparking contagion through southern Europe " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welp , it ’s over .
And I survived .
We ’ll see in about 10 weeks if it was worth it .
Overall , it was an interesting experience .
The test itself was very stringently administered .
Imagine going to an airport .
You stand in line for a long time .
You get through the door .
You make sure you have your ticket and your government issued ID out and ready to be checked .
“ Walk through the door please ! ” , they say .
Hold up your belongings .
Are they all in a clear ziplock bag ?
They ’d better be , otherwise they take them away .
No cellphones during liftoff .
No cellphones at all , you ’ll get kicked off the plane in a second .
Once you ’re ready to disembark you need to wait for the attendants to finish checking .
Everything .
Thoroughly .
So what did I really learn ?
Something quite interesting :
I no longer plan to go to graduate school .
( I had talked about possibly going back in a previous post )
That ’s not really the subject of this post , I ’d like to focus on that later , if at all .
The short version is that I do n’t think I am capable of the things that graduate school demands , at least from students who also work full time .
Studying on a nightly basis , giving up all hobbies and time with loved ones ; all of these things drive me away from the idea of getting an advanced degree .
It ’s not that I believe it would n’t help my career ; I really just am not willing to give up my quality of life in order to get that particular piece of paper at this point in my life .
Who knows ?
Perhaps there will be a time when it is truly required of me to have an advanced degree .
However , from a learning perspective I feel that I would be forced to learn just as much–if not more–starting a company ; plus that would be much more fulfilling in terms of having a similar time commitment and potential payoff ( i.e. if I ’m going to spend all that time , why not have a company instead of a piece of paper ?
Both look good on a resume , right ? ) .
So back to the test .
I had been studying for a month or so , perhaps a little bit longer in name only .
I borrowed a used review book from a friend :
Everyone uses it , as I ’m pretty sure it ’s the only one out there .
Want to know my personal / ( possibly ) professional ( engineer ) opinion ?
It was way overkill .
40 some odd chapters on every section that could possibly covered by the test .
It went pretty deep about each and every topic , to the point that you might see the hardest question on the afternoon general section ( the same range of topics as in the morning session , just more difficult ) .
I think it ’s important to note that depending on the year the testing board might throw one curveball after another your way or they might just keep lobbing softballs in your direction .
Either way , you probably wo n’t need to learn ( or re-learn ) all of the material in the depth each chapter goes into with rigor .
Me ?
Well , I ’m not allowed to tell you any details about the test itself .
Our flight / test attendants were very sure to remind us over and over again that we were under non-disclosure agreements not to even talk about the test questions amongst our friends .
What I believe I can say is that I enjoyed the afternoon section much more than the morning session .
If you do n’t know about the FE , the morning is 120 multiple choice questions spanning all of the knowledge that an engineer is expected to know after four years of engineering school .
I would disagree .
I would counter that the morning session is 120 questions for the mechanical and civil engineers .
Now , it could be they have greater breadth in their respective disciplines , and even some crossover .
It could be that being an engineer other than an electrical engineer requires greater cognitive capacity .
Hell , it could be that I just did n’t study enough .
But I ’ll tell you , an electrical engineer such as myself has never known that much about beams , trusses or adiabatic systems … and never will !
To add insult to injury , I think the EE questions were some of the softball - like questions on the exam .
Let ’s just say I probably had a much harder time with the mechanical / static stuff than the mechanical engineers had with electricity .
Or maybe I just do n’t care when a beam is going to start deforming irreversibly .
The afternoon session is 60 questions in your discipline , unless you decide you enjoyed the breadth of topics covered in the morning session or your particular discipline is n’t tested ( BME for example ) .
The section I decided to take was based upon electrical engineering topics , even expanding away from the typical circuits / power / E&M type questions into the DSP / communication / control disciplines ( to all the NCEES people out there , this is n’t information that is n’t available in your lovely handbook ) .
I definitely had to stretch my mind around some of the questions and even learn some before unseen topics while in the session .
But that ’s what engineering is really all about , right ?
In the end , if I passed the FE exam , I feel like these questions were much more in the direction I would have to take for the PE exam ( to get final certification ) .
Would I do it again ?
Well , no , I do n’t plan to ( if I did n’t pass ) .
I ’m glad I tried it at least once .
Does that make me sound like a quitter ?
Maybe .
But I justify it as me not needing to be certified by a board that requires such stringent knowledge of beams .
Ugh.
Beams .
Thank goodness there are people out there that enjoy studying and working with them .
And that they ’re certified to sign off that the beams wo n’t in fact bend .
Volcanoes have elicited religious veneration for thousands of years , but talk show host Rush Limbaugh may be among the first to ascribe a political agenda to one , Think Progress reported .
After an Icelandic volcano continued to spew ash into the sky Saturday , halting President Obama ’s planned flight to Poland , conservative icon Limbaugh said the surprising strength and timing of the eruption suggests a God displeased with the passage of health care reform .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You know , a couple of days after the health care bill had been signed into law Obama ran around all over the country saying , ‘ Hey , you know , IÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢m looking around .
The earth had nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t opened up .
ThereÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s no Armageddon out there .
The birds are still chirping . ’
I think the earth has opened up .
God may have replied , ” he said on his radio show Friday .
The volcano ’s activity halted many travel plans Friday and Saturday as the volcano continued to erupt longer than scientists anticipated .
President Obama was forced to cancel his plans to fly to Poland for a memorial in honor of Polish leaders , including the country ’s president , that were killed in a plane crash last week .
Aviation experts say the volcanic plume has caused the worst travel disruption Europe Ã¢â‚¬â€ and the world Ã¢â‚¬â€ has ever seen .
“ I ’ve been flying for 40 years but I ’ve never seen anything like this in Europe , ” said Swedish pilot Axel Alegren , after landing his flight from Kabul , Afghanistan , at Munich Airport ; he had been due to land at Frankfurt but was diverted .
“ The activity has been quite vigorous overnight , causing the eruption column to grow , ” Icelandic geologist Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson told The Associated Press on Saturday .
“ It ’s the magma mixing with the water that creates the explosivity .
Unfortunately , there does n’t seem to be an end in sight . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
One Christian blog post suggested the volcanic eruption was a sign from God that the End Times are near .
Limbaugh was quick to capitalize on the unexpected drama .
“ Earth has opened up , ” he said .
“ I donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t know whether itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a rebirth or Armageddon .
Hopefully itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a rebirth , God speaking . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The talk show host also made headlines earlier this week for his reaction to President Clinton ’s remarks during the 15th anniversary of the Oklahoma city bombings .
Limbaugh said a future bombing in Oklahoma City should be blamed on President Clinton and President Obama .
“ Clinton says that right - wing talk radio has made money off of anger , aided by the Internet , ” Limbaugh stated .
“ They just ca n’t get away from it .
We are living in their heads rent free .
We are in their heads and on their minds .
They — and I ’m going to throw the in there — are out to destroy western civilization , folks .
Why do you think the tea party people are so reviled ?
Why is it that we can sit there and accuse nonviolent tea party people of committing terrorist acts ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
wisconsin d.a. tries to outlaw sex ed
According to Scott Southworth , teaching teenagers how to use birth control is essentially the same crime as showing pornography to a minor .
Are you a teacher in Wisconsin ?
Do you teach sex ed classes ?
Then you should be aware that according to a rather dimwitted DA who sent warnings to school districts in his jurisdiction that teaching kids how to use birth control will land you in jail and $ 10,000 in fine under the same law generally used against pedophiles who try to show porn to their potential victims .
I know what you ’re thinking and yes , the DA is a fundamentalist abusing his office to protest the governor ’s law requiring comprehensive sex ed in schools .
And yes , he ’s using the old canard that teaching kids about how to have safer sex if they choose to do it is really just encouraging them to have sex .
Juneau County , you need a new DA .
Really .
Preferably one who actually persecutes actual criminals rather than threaten teachers trying to do their jobs and keep sexually maturing teenagers a little safer with classes intended to show them how to effectively defend themselves from the risks of unprotected sex .
Scott Southworth ’s excuse for logic is the kind of ridiculous stubbornness that actually boosts STD infections and pregnancy rates in schools , so if his goal is to make sure that even more teenagers end up pregnant or with some sort of virus , he ’s definitely on the right track .
Does there even need to be an explanation why lying to raging whirlwinds of hormones and suspended logic that birth control does n’t work or that if they dare to be with more than one partner , they ’re going to end up with STDs , will only contribute to a reduction in the use of condoms and birth control pills ?
Oh , sure we could say that good little boys and girls should n’t have sex until a wedding ring is involved but then again we could also pretend that we ’re all millionaires who own three banks and a fleet of exotic cars .
See , is n’t life fun in Fantasy Land™ ?
We could all just see things as we believe they should be rather than how they really are and argue about the color of the tutu worn by the pink elephant in the corner instead of admitting that teenagers were having sex for thousands of years and nothing has stopped it so far , then coming up with way to keep them healthy and in schools .
The states ignoring tangible reality tend to have the highest rates of both pregnancies and STDs according to virtually every study on the subject .
Of course Southworth , a passport carrying resident of Fantasy Land , is telling schools not to teach any sex ed classes until the law requiring comprehensive education is repealed and a new one is adopted to his liking , probably requiring school districts to teach kids how to use chastity belts and libido - lowering drugs instead .
In his own words , he ’s just warning teachers about the consequences of a law he could use as a bludgeon and he really does n’t want a fight or haul anyone to court .
In fact , he says that “ the Legislature just dumped ” the big problem on his lap .
Which is , of course , nonsense .
He heard of a law with which he disagrees and instead of doing his job as an enforcement officer , he ’s trying to change it by digging out an anti-pedophile statute to use as a threat for anyone who dares to teach kids about sex in a way that violates his religious beliefs .
He did n’t just pick a fight , he ’s just begging to haul someone to court so he can use the courtroom as a bully pulpit .
You would think that he ’s either an ignorant moral crusader wildly tilting at windmills , or a cartoon villain with a plan to contribute to pregnancy and STD rates in his state .
Either way , his ridiculous posturing on the matter is only going to make things worse for the teenagers who need to learn how to keep themselves safe and who wo n’t choose abstinence no matter how hard we push them towards it .
Even worse , Southworth is also set against a comprehensive curriculum because it may cover the sexualities of gay and transgendered people .
Because as we all know , if we do n’t tell teenagers about homosexuality or the transgendered , they ’ll never find out about them .
And if they do , they could just be taught to hate them , find them immoral , repugnant and less worthy as human beings by religious fundamentalists .
Really , who is this guy fooling but himself in telling the media that he does n’t want politics in the classroom ?
Of course he does .
It ’s just that he wants his politics taught instead of a more moderate , realistic viewpoint which focuses on just the facts .
God forbid that teenagers are empowered to make educated choices and form opinions based on more than just one source of information .
Why that would make for a world where teenagers deal with sexual maturity in constructive ways , without fundamentalists ’ indoctrination and ranting .
And Southworth and all his likeminded friends and allies certainly can’t have that happen on their watch …
( CNN ) -- Police in Trenton , New Jersey , on Saturday announced more arrests in the case of a 15 - year - old girl who allegedly allowed men to have sex with her and her 7 - year - old stepsister for money .
Two men and three boys , ranging in age from 13 to 20 , have been charged with aggravated sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a child , Trenton Police Director Irving Bradley said at a news conference Saturday evening .
Gregory Joseph Leary , 20 , was arrested and charged Thursday .
Police announced the arrest and charges against Tiemear Lewis , 19 , on Saturday .
Both men are from Trenton .
Police also announced charges against the juveniles , ages 13 , 14 and 17 on Saturday .
Their names are being withheld .
More arrests are expected in the case , authorities said .
Police say they believe as many as seven men and boys paid for sex with the two girls during a party Sunday night .
" We 're not finished because everyone that is responsible is still not arrested , " Trenton Mayor Douglas Palmer said .
" The police will not rest until we get every individual who was involved in this , "
Officials say the 15 - year - old was baby - sitting her stepsister on the afternoon of March 28 when she encountered two males who invited her to " hang out " with them .
She agreed and brought the 7 - year - old along to an apartment .
The 15 - year - old first agreed to have sex with the men for money , Trenton police Capt .
Joseph Juniak said .
She then gave the men permission to " touch " the 7 - year - old , he said , adding that it 's likely the 15 - year - old gave the 7 - year - old some of the money she had received .
Molestation of the 7 - year - old " quickly escalated to rape , " Juniak said .
The men held her down and said they would kill her if she screamed , he said .
The 7 - year - old was found after she left the building by two women who escorted her home , according to police .
The older girl is charged with aggravated sexual assault , criminal restraint , endangering the welfare of a child , and promoting prostitution , police said .
The case outraged the Trenton community and put authorities under immense pressure to make arrests .
Early Thursday morning , police conducted a raid at Rowan Towers , the public housing apartments where the assault occurred , and arrested 27 men and women on outstanding warrants from unrelated cases .
Some residents said they were upset and frightened by the raid , but that it was time police started paying attention to the building .
Several Rowan
Towers residents said the empty apartment where the attack occurred was known as a place " where trouble happened . "
One elderly female resident said groups of young men and women would go there and hold drug - and alcohol - fueled parties " at all hours of the night . "
Trenton authorities said Saturday that the cooperation of community members was key to making the arrests .
" People came forward to get justice for this innocent 7 - year - old angel who was brutally gang - raped by a bunch of pedophile animals , " Palmer said .
CNN 's Cameo George and Nicole Bliman contributed to this report .
File Photo : Sherdog.com
Time magazine on Thursday announced the 200 finalists for the “ Time 100 , ” an annual list of the world ’s most influential people .
Included among them was UFC President Dana White , the polarizing chief of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
The 2010 list includes Pres. Barack Obama , Sec. of State Hillary Clinton , “ Avatar , ” “ Titanic ” and “ Terminator ” director James Cameron , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , Tiger Woods , Oprah Winfrey , evangelist Billy Graham and American Idol judge Simon Cowell , among othersWhite , who turns 41 in July , pulled the UFC out of the gutter in 2001 when , with the backing of Station Casinos executives Lorenzo and Frank Fertitta , he helped orchestrate the purchase of the hemorrhaging promotion for a mere $ 2 million .
In less than a decade , it was transformed into a monstrous billion dollar juggernaut with a worldwide reach .
As of 3:41 p.m. ET ,
White was ranked number one on the list and had received 3,357 votes , eight times as many as Obama and more than double the votes garnered by the second - place Robert Pattinson , star of the “ Twilight ” movie franchise .
I guess they 're already over 9/11 .
Ailing Sept. 11 responders do n’t deserve a permanent , guaranteed program to ensure they get health care , and giving it to them could wreck the country , Republicans in Congress argued today .
Calling the Sept. 11 Health and Compensation
Act a new “ entitlement program ” like Medicare , members of the GOP on the House Energy and Commerce Committee argued the nation already has too much that it must pay for , and making the care of tens of thousands of 9/11 responders mandatory was too much of a burden .
“ By making this a new mandatory program , you jeopardize the financial health of the United States of America , ” said Rep. Mike Rogers ( R - Mich . ) ....
Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - Ga. ) argued New York was trying to dump its responsibility for caring for victims of the terrorist attacks on the feds .
“ Our support for them ( responders ) should not be a vehicle for cost - shifting , ” he said , pointing to the lengthy approval process of the workers ’ compensation system that generally helps people injured on the job .
“ In all your Amours you should prefer old Women to young ones .
You call this a Paradox , and demand my Reasons .
They are these :
1. Because as they have more Knowledge of the World and their Minds are better stor ’d with Observations , their Conversation is more improving and more lastingly agreable .
2 . Because when Women cease to be handsome , they study to be good .
To maintain their Influence over Men , they supply the Diminution of Beauty by an Augmentation of Utility .
They learn to do a 1000 Services small and great , and are the most tender and useful of all Friends when you are sick .
Thus they continue amiable .
And hence there is hardly such a thing to be found as an old Woman who is not a good Woman .
3 . Because there is no hazard of Children , which irregularly produc ’d may be attended with much Inconvenience .
4 . Because thro ’ more Experience , they are more prudent and discreet in conducting an Intrigue to prevent Suspicion .
The Commerce with them is therefore safer with regard to your Reputation .
And with regard to theirs , if the Affair should happen to be known , considerate People might be rather inclin’d to excuse an old Woman who would kindly take care of a young Man , form his Manners by her good Counsels , and prevent his ruining his Health and Fortune among mercenary Prostitutes .
5 . Because in every Animal that walks upright , the Deficiency of the Fluids that fill the Muscles appears first in the highest Part : The Face first grows lank and wrinkled ; then the Neck ; then the Breast and Arms ; the lower Parts continuing to the last as plump as ever :
So that covering all above with a Basket , and regarding only what is below the Girdle , it is impossible of two Women to know an old from a young one .
And as in the dark all Cats are grey , the Pleasure of corporal Enjoyment with an old Woman is at least equal , and frequently superior , every Knack being by Practice capable of Improvement .
6 . Because the Sin is less .
The debauching a Virgin may be her Ruin , and make her for Life unhappy .
7. Because the Compunction is less .
The having made a young Girl miserable may give you frequent bitter Reflections ; none of which can attend the making an old Woman happy .
8thly and Lastly They are so grateful !! ”
― Benjamin Franklin
About
Brother Sharp ( 犀利哥 ) is the nickname given to Chen Guorong , a homeless man from the streets of Ningbo in China 's Zhejiang province .
The man became a national celebrity for his undoubtedly handsome face in February 2010 after a photograph of him wandering the streets was uploaded online .
Eventually , the Chinese netizens tracked down and located the man through the means of Human Flesh Search Engine .
Origin
On the morning of January 30th , 2010 , a photographer took his new Sony video camcorder to Tian Yi Square and decided to try out the new lens by shooting street scenes for the photography community forum Fengniao .
The photographer , Mr. Tu , captured a few shots of a homeless man , who he said was " bearing dignification " as he walked down the busy streets .
" He has a very special temperament , " stated Mr. Tu , " so I could n't help but pick up the camera and take a few shots . "
Later that day , Mr. Tu went home and sent his photos to the website , but did not expect to receive any significant attention .
Spread
On February 21st , 2010 , a Tianya Club forum user posted a thread titled " 秒杀宇内究极华丽第一极品路人帅哥！帅到刺瞎你的狗眼！求亲们人肉详细资料 , " roughly translated as " Behold the number one ultimate , gorgeous , handsome passer - by !
Blind your dog eyes !
Seeking detailed information on his flesh . "
" … a starkly handsome Chinese man walking with a model 's measured gait , and wearing a rag - tag but well coordinated overcoat on top of a leather jacket .
His eyes peer into the middle distance , in what one fan described as ' a deep and penetrating way ' , and he strides confidently forward . "
Soon , other members of Tianya Club followed up with similar compliments noting his handsome facial features , such as his " sharp , penetrating eyes " and eclectic sense of fashion , and dubbed the homeless man " Brother Sharp . "
Forum users immediately started posting their own take on Brother Sharp .
By February 26th , the original Tianya post accumulated millions of pageviews and Google search for " 犀利哥 ( Brother Sharp ) " yielded more than 463,000 search results .
By March 5th , Google search for the same term yielded more than 15 million search results .
The man quickly rose to the status of a fashion icon on the Chinese web , as well as in Hong Kong , Taiwan , Korea and Japan .
Human Flesh Search Engine
While many netizens found it hard to believe that such a handsome man could be homeless , some Chinese netizens began organizing search parties to locate this mysterious man .
The Tianya Club vigilante group " Human Flesh Search Engine " also launched an investigative campaign to find Brother Sharp and more information about him .
Some netizens even visited the city of Ningbo in search of the now - famous panhandler .
One of the visitors found him near the East entrance of the Xinhua Bookstore and he was able to confirm that Brother Sharp is a genuine beggar and not an actor or a model .
In addition , the netizen noted that the man appeared to be " mentally disturbed . "
Amidst the growing attention from the Chinese web and the news media , the Ningbo government released a public statement :
" It 's the local government 's responsibility for everyone to experience the kindness of the people in this city .
We will continue to care for the homeless guys .
This is an essential part of the development of a civilized city . "
Upon hearing the news of the famous vagabond , some local residents complained about his unwanted presence on the street and suggested he should be sent to a homeless shelter .
However , many netizens opposed to this idea and others even criticized the mainstream media 's overwhelming scrutiny of the man as " harassment . "
Officials in Ningbo were eventually able to find and contact a close friend of Brother Sharp known as " Cat , " who said he began taking care of the man in 2008 .
Media Appearances
Brother Sharp made his first appearance in public on March 2nd , 2010 .
Due to Brother Sharp 's heavy accent and ailing mental health , Cat provided translations of his words to the locals .
In the interviews , he persistently refused to take help from the Ningbo shelter .
According to Cat , Brother Sharp expressed feelings of confusion with the sudden , overnight internet fame and did not understand why they kept " visiting " and taking his picture .
Respecting Brother Sharp 's wishes , Cat also advised against admitting him into a homeless shelter .
The Story of Cat
Meanwhile on the Chinese forums , Cat shared the story of how Brother Sharp lived when they had first met in 2008 .
Cat said he had first asked Brother Sharp if he was hungry .
Replying only with " hungry " , Cat wanted to test his extent of self - care and gave him 10 yuan to let him buy food from a nearby store .
Unexpectedly , he took the money and bought a pack of cigarettes .
Cat asked him why he did n't buy food .
Brother Sharp pointed to a trash can , and after a while , Cat finally understood what he meant : you can pick up and eat from the trash .
Cat also recounted how Brother Sharp was longing for a companion .
HIs stories were immediately met by sympathetic responses from the readers , who pleaded the officials not to " cage this free bird " and demanded " please do n't mess with his peaceful life ! "
" He wanted to have a wife and a home .
So , he puts on woman 's clothing and imagine himself as a woman .
That way , combined , he would have both happiness and a home .
Some people may laugh him , some people would make fun of him .
But who will go to help him ? to understand him ? "
Identity Revealed
On the morning of March 5th , a reporter received an update that the relatives of the Ningbo street beggar were contacted and they arrived in Ningbo to visit the man at the Ningbo City mental hospital .
His younger brother met him in the hospital and recognized him as his long lost brother .
Brother Sharp 's real name was revealed as Chen Guorong , who was born on October 10th , 1975 and raised in the Boyang County , Jangxi province .
According to his younger brother , Guorong left his hometown in 1999 with others to find work before losing contact with family in 2003 .
The family members explained they had been searching for his whereabouts as recently as in 2008 .
It was also reported that Guorong suffered heavy losses in 2009 when his wife and father were killed in a car accident .
On March 8th , 2010 , it was reported that Brother Sharp returned to his home in Poyang with his family .
Locals and authorities supported his homecoming by sending the family food and supplies .
One local logistics company offered to donate 2000 yuan , while the local government helped the family apply for subsistence allowances .
Film Adaptation
In August 2010 , Chinese film producer Deng Jianguo announced the launch of a biographic film about Mr. Cheng 's life starring Hong Kong actor / model Carl Ng. According to the Telegraph , Mr. Cheng 's relatives rejected the offer at first , but ultimately caved into producer Deng 's persistent efforts :
" Deng Jianguo called and at first we told him we had no intention of making a movie , " said the relative .
" Brother Sharp then travelled to Beijing to do a job for a company and Deng followed him up there to ask again .
Finally we went to Shanghai to do an interview for Shanghai television and Deng came there too . "
" It will be a sad story , but at the end there will be the happiness of a family reunion , " said the relative .
The script will be adapted from a book written by Mr. Cheng 's cousin and the film is scheduled to begin shoot in September 2011 .
Peasant Chic Fashion Line
On January 1st , 2011 , fashion entrepreneur Zhuang Weiguo announced the launch of China 's very first " peasant chic " fashion brand , a luxury men's clothing line entirely inspired by the vagabond style of Brother Sharp .
At the press conference , Mr. Zhuang revealed that he had raised over 10 million RMB ( roughly 1.5 million USD ) in order to start up the line and renowned Italian designer Francesco Fiordeli had been hired to contribute in the designing process .
The announcement of Brother Sharp 's fashion line instantly spread across the Chinese web , rendering " Brother Sharp " the third most searched keyword on Baidu portal site at the beginning of 2011 .
Search Interest
Know Your Meme Store
External References
The Daily Mail turns its guns on Nick Clegg .
The Liberal Democrats must be doing something right
You know you 've arrived as a political force when the Daily Mail turns its full , furious firepower in your direction .
So perhaps this page devoted to virulently attacking Nick Clegg and the Liberal Democrats on the Daily Mail 's website is n't all bad news for a party more used to being studiously ignored by much of the media .
Underneath the strapline " The great Liberal deception " , the Mail sets its finest writers to work demolishing every aspect of Clegg 's party and programme .
" How the Lib Dems would release 60,000 convicts " is the main headline , while other articles attack the party 's stance on immigration and define the Lib Dems as " a party full of shadow lobbyists " .
Quentin Letts , the paper 's sketchwriter , crows " So much for Mr Persil White ! " in a piece drawing attention to Clegg 's expenses claims , while columnist Peter Oborne informs his readers that the Lib Dems are " just as dishonest as the other parties " .
His colleague Harry Phibbs predicts hopefully that " Clegg 's ratings boost is a bubble waiting to burst " .
Today 's Mail leader column is also included , its headline a brisk admonishment to any readers tempted to stray from the fold : " It 's time for voters to wake up and get real . "
Columnist Melanie Phillips takes a more despairing tone , bemoaning the fact that nowadays an election " can turn on 90 minutes of Britain 's Got Politics " .
So what is this page exactly ?
Some news websites use tags to group a collection of stories about the same issue in one place ( here 's our Liberal Democrat keyword page ) .
But this is not the Mail 's version of that .
Take a look at the top - right corner : it 's actually the " Debate " page , the equivalent of the comment and analysis section in a newspaper .
The Mail seems to have decided that pretty much the only issue worth debating is Clegg 's suitability for power .
As backhanded compliments go , it 's a pretty spectacular one .
Clare Short , the former international development secretary , today accused Tony Blair of lying to her and misleading parliament in the build - up to the Iraq invasion .
Short , giving evidence to the Chilcot inquiry into the war , also said that the 2003 conflict had put the world in greater danger of international terrorism .
Declassified letters between Short and Blair released today show she believed that invading Iraq without a second UN resolution would be illegal and there was a significant risk of a humanitarian catastrophe .
She told the inquiry that she had a conversation with Blair in 2002 .
He told her that he was not planning for war against Iraq and that the evidence has since revealed that he was not telling the truth at that point , she said .
She also said she was " stunned " when she read the 337 - word legal advice on the war written by the then - attorney general Lord Goldsmith during a cabinet meeting on 17 March 2003 , three days before the war began .
She was forbidden by Blair from discussing it during the meeting .
" I said , ' That is extraordinary . '
I was jeered at to be quiet .
If the prime minister says be quiet there is only so much you can do .
" I think for the attorney general to come and say there 's unequivocal legal authority to go to war was misleading . "
Short , who was applauded by some audience members in public seats at the end of her evidence , said the ministerial code was broken as cabinet colleagues were not aware of Goldsmith 's modifications to his legal advice over the previous weeks .
The inquiry has already heard how Goldsmith changed his mind over the need for a second resolution after visiting the US the month before the war .
Short said cabinet colleagues were unaware of the legal advice given by the most senior Foreign Office lawyers , Sir Michael Wood and Elizabeth Wilmshurst , which called for a second UN resolution .
" The ministerial code said legal advice should be circulated and it was n't .
We only had the answer to the parliamentary question [ Goldsmith 's short ruling ] .
There was a lot of misleading of parliament too by the prime minister of the day .
" The ministerial code is unsafe because it is enforced by the prime minister and if he 's in on the tricks then that 's it .
When I found out what went into it I think we were misled . "
She added that she had " various cups of coffee " with Gordon Brown , at that time the chancellor , who " was very unhappy and marginalised [ in the run up to war ] " .
He was disillusioned about a number of issues , not specifically Iraq , and felt Blair was " obsessed with his legacy " .
Later ,
Short added that after the war " Gordon was back in with Tony and not having cups of coffee with me any more " .
Asked about the cabinet meetings in the run-up to the war , Short told the inquiry that the cabinet did not operate in the manner it was required to constitutionally .
" It was not a decision - making body .
I do n't think there was ever a substantive discussion about anything in cabinet .
If you ever raised an issue with Tony Blair he would cut it off .
He did that in July 2002 when I said I wanted to talk about Iraq .
He said he did not want it leaking into the press . "
Short described cabinet meetings as " little chats " rather than decision - making opportunities .
" There was never a meeting … that said : ' What is the problem ?
What are we trying to achieve ?
What are our options ? ' "
The declassified documents showed that Short believed the situation in Iraq to be " fragile " before hostilities began .
In one , written on 14 February 2003 , she wrote : " Any disruption could lead to a humanitarian catastrophe .
With some more time , sensible measures can be taken to reduce these risks and improve people 's prospect of stability after the conflict . "
Short told the panel that both the British and US armies failed to honour their Geneva convention responsibilities to keep order , describing the situation in the post - invasion aftermath as " mad " , with food for refugees only being ordered at the last minute .
Short said Blair persuaded her against resigning on the same day as Cook by assuring her that the UN would have the lead role in reconstructing Iraq and that George Bush would support the creation of an independent Palestinian state .
Asked why she did n't resign earlier , she said : " If I knew then what I know now , I would have . "
As for the pronouncements that the French would not back a second resolution , it was one of the " big deceits " of the British , Short said .
The French president , Jacques Chirac , could have supported military action but not while UN weapons inspectors wanted more time and it should have been given .
" There was no emergency .
No one had attacked anyone .
There was n't any new WMD .
We could have taken the time and got it right .
The forces were n't ready to go in .
They have said that themselves . "
Short ended her evidence by calling for a serious debate about the " special relationship " with the US , calling the current one " poodle - like " .
Short stood down from the cabinet on 12 May 2003 , nearly eight weeks after the invasion .
• Letter from Clare Short to Tony Blair on humanitarian planning and the role of the UN , 14 February 2003 ( pdf ) .
• Letter from Short to Blair on the UN and US roles in post - conflict Iraq , 5 March 2003 ( pdf ) .
My thoughts on tackling IT complexity by breaking it into atomic components .
and I term it lego oriented solution , LOS for short .
The Dutch navy released a video Friday of its recent storming of a German ship and the capture of a band of pirates on board .
The ship , the MS Taipan , was rescued April 5 by the Dutch , and 10 pirates were arrested and jailed in the Netherlands .
The gripping video shows the operation from the point of view of one of the military men .
Dutch naval captain Col .
Hans Lodder has said that , after ascertaining that the Taipan 's crew was safe , he launched his ship 's Lynx helicopter with a team of six special - forces marines .
With troops providing covering fire from the helicopter , the marines landed onto the ship 's deck of the MV Taipan , meeting no resistance from the pirates .
" The pirates surrendered the moment they saw the marines , " Col . Lodder told the Associated Press .
Military officials have said the Dutch frigate sidestepped the European Union 's antipiracy task force to free the German cargo ship from Somali pirates .
It was the first time a Dutch ship involved in the EU mission had used force to recapture a hijacked ship .
An EU spokesman could n't immediately recall any incident when troops under EU command had boarded a seized ship under the threat of fire .
Col .
Lodder said he decided to seek permission from his own command for an " opposed boarding " — one in which pirates may resist — rather than act under procedures laid down by Brussels .
" We just told my force commander we would operate under national command until after the boarding , " he added .
" We kept everyone in the EU informed of everything we did . "
Cmdr . John Harbour , U.K. - based spokesman for the European Union Naval Force Somalia said the Dutch action avoided a delay and was legitimate .
" For speed of reaction , if you 're on the spot ... [ and ] dispatched at haste to react to something immediately , the best thing to do is to go under national command , " he said .
We fully expect the amount of E Ink - based ereaders to dwindle in the coming years now that the iPad has been introduced , bringing full - color reading and 10 + hours of battery life to reality .
But we 're not quite there yet , and the ultra - cheap ereader market is still thriving .
With Amazon 's Kindle setting the bar at around $ 259 , other companies with less marketing dollars are having to approach things differently , mostly by hacking prices and trying not to hack too many features in the process .
ViewSonic is a name not normally associated with the ereader market , but that very company has just introduced a new pair of them to compete the barebones reader space .
The VEB620 and VEB625 both have 6 " 800x600 E
Ink displays , 2GB of storage space , an SD expansion slot , native support for PDF / ePUB / RTF / TXT files , and the latter even has Wi -Fi built - in .
Both are available now in Europe , but there 's no clear word on when they will ship to America .
As for pricing ?
The 620 is £ 175 , while the 625 is listed at £ 205 .
We must say , both are styled fairly nicely for ereaders , and while they wo n't check your e-mail , they 'll definitely let you get a lot of reading done ; ViewSonic says that the Li-ion battery will last for 6500 page turns , or enough to read around 20 books straight .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Australian Grand Prix boss Ron Walker has slammed Formula 1 drivers for their complaints about the lack of visibility during this year 's race .
Some drivers said it was too dark by the time the race was reaching its end , after the start of the event was moved to a later hour in order to be at a more friendly time for European viewers .
AUTOSPORT learned last week that the start time of next year 's race is to be brought forward , after FIA carried out a light test that deemed it was too dark .
" By the end of the race it was certainly too dark and I understand the FIA has measured this and will take action for next year , " said Michael Schumacher after the race .
" But at least there seem to be some guidelines now as to what light conditions you have to have as a minimum for the future . "
Walker , however , said there was no danger in the lighting conditions and slammed drivers as " prima donnas " .
" It 's clearly not dangerous , " Walker was quoted as saying by the Herald Sun newspaper .
" You can't please these drivers , they are a bunch of lazy people who wo n't do anything to help the sport , except for two or three .
" A lot of drivers are prima donnas .
They are never happy , " he added .
Situs Agen Judi Online Poker Domino QQ dari Pkv Games Terpercaya
AMANQQ merupakan agen judi poker indonesia yang menyajikan pilihan permainan terlengkap .
Disini anda dapat bermain 8 pkv games terbaik hanya menggunakan 1ID kapan dan dimanapun anda berada mulai dari poker online , dominoqq , bandarq / bandarqq , sakong , aduqq , bandar poker qq , bandar66 dan capsa susun uang asli .
Tentu saja situs perjudian dengan brand AMAN ini memberikan jaminan keamanan mencapai 100 % kesetiap member setianya , maka dari itu , tidak perlu ragu lagi untuk gabung bersama amanqq untuk mengisi waktu luang anda setiap harinya dalam bermain judi kartu poker online terpercaya .
Daftar Situs Judi Poker Online Resmi Indonesia
Dijaman modern saat ini tentu saja untuk mendapatkan situs poker online resmi yang benar - benar aman itu pasti tidaklah mudah , oleh karena itu amanqq hadir untuk memberikan jawaban itu , jika anda bermain judi online bersama agen judi poker aman qq , dapat dipastikan keaslian playernya , karena kami tidak pernah menggunakan unsur kecurangan apapun didalam meja permainan anda , tidak ada admin maupun robot apalagi hacker !!
Karena amanqq sebagai situs poker online terpercaya menggunakan sistem masa kini dalam menangani masalah tersebut .
Login Domino QQ Online di Agen Poker Terpercaya
Saat ini anda berada ditempat yang tepat jika mencari situs judi domino qq dan poker qq online dengan modal terjangkau , Gimana tidak ?
Bersama agen poker terpopuler amanqq , anda cukup mengeluarkan modal 15.000 saja sudah bisa bermain poker online dan judi domino qq sepuasnya bersama teman untuk menambah penghasilan sampingan setiap harinya di situs judi online terbaik .
Bonus Poker QQ Online dan Situs Judi QQ Terbaik
Bonus bermain poker online di amanqq adalah salah satu yang terbesar di asia dan semua itu dapat diraih dengan cara yang mudah , cukup dengan aktif bermain judi poker qq dan terus tingkatkan total turnover , maka anda berhak mendapatkan cashback 0.5 % yang akan dibagikan setipa hari jumat , lalu ada bonus referral hingga 20 % dengan cara mendaftarka rekan untuk join bersama situs judi online permainan poker online dan domino qq online terpercaya di indonesia .
Pendaftaran akun poker online dapat dilakukan dengan cari klik menu daftar disebelah kanan atas , lalu lengkapi semua data diri anda dengan benar , atau dapat dibantu melalui cusctomer service baik dan ramah yang selalu online 24 jam nonstop siap memberikan pelayanan terbaik dalam memberikan bantuan pendaftaran akun baru untuk menikmati serunya bermain judi online dengan server terpercaya yaitu pkv games online kapan dan dimanapun anda berada .
Seems like we’ve
been waiting for these new GeForces for a long time now .
Nvidia gave us a first glimpse at its latest GPU architecture about half a year ago , right around the time that AMD was introducing its Radeon HD 5870 .
In the intervening six months , AMD has fleshed out its Radeon HD 5000 series with a full suite of DirectX 11 - class GPUs and graphics cards .
Meanwhile , Nvidia ’s GF100 chip is later than a stoner to study hall .
Fortunately , our wait is coming to an end .
The GeForce GTX 470 and 480 are expected to be available soon , and we ’ve wrangled several of them for testing .
We can say with confidence that the GF100 is nothing if not fascinating , regardless of whether it succeeds or fails .
A pair of GeForce GTX 480 cards
Fermi is GF100 is GTX 480
We ’ve already covered the GF100 graphics chip and its architecture rather extensively here at TR , so we wo n’t cover the same ground again in any great detail here .
There is much to know about this three - billion - transistor behemoth , though , so we ’ll try to bring you up to speed in brief .
Our first look at the GF100 was focused solely on the GPU architecture , dubbed Fermi , and how that architecture has been adapted to serve the needs of the nascent market for GPU - based computing devices .
Nvidia intends this chip to serve multiple markets , from consumer gaming cards to high - performance computing clusters , and the firm has committed an awful lot of time , treasure , and transistors toward making the GF100 well suited for GPU computing .
Thus , the GF100 has a number of compute - centric capabilities that no other GPU can match .
The highlights include improved scheduling with the ability to execute multiple , concurrent kernels ; a real , fully coherent L2 cache ; robust support for double - precision floating - point math ; ECC - protected memories throughout the hierarchy ; and a large , unified address space with support for C++- style pointers .
Some of these provisions better scheduling and caching , for instance may have side benefits for consumers , whose GeForce cards have the potential to be especially good at GPU - based video transcoding or in - game physics simulations .
Most of them , however , will be practically useless in a desktop PC , particularly since they have no utility in real - time graphics .
After we considered the compute - focused parts of the Fermi architecture , Rys reminded us all that the GF100 is still very much a graphics chip by offering his informed speculation about the specifics of its graphics hardware .
Nvidia eventually confirmed many of his hunches when it revealed the details of the GF100 ’s graphics architecture to us just after CES .
As expected , the move to a DX11 feature set means the GF100 adopts nearly every major graphics feature its competitor has , but we were thrown for a loop by how extensively Nvidia ’s architects chose to overhaul the GF100 ’s geometry processing capabilities .
Not only does Fermi support DirectX 11 ’s hardware tessellation by means of which the GPU can amplify the polygon detail in a scene dramatically but Nvidia believes it is the world ’s first parallel architecture for geometry processing .
With quad rasterizers and a host of geometry processing engines distributed across the chip , the GF100 has the potential nearly to quadruple the number of polygons possible in real - time graphics compared to even its fastest contemporaries ( GT200 and AMD ’s Cypress ) .
In this way , the GF100 is just as audacious an attempt at advancing the state of the art in graphics as it is in computing .
The trouble is that ambitious architectures and major technological advances are n’t easy to achieve .
New capabilities add time to the design cycle and complexity to the design itself .
Nvidia may well have had both eyes on the potential competition from Intel and its vaunted Larrabee project when conceiving the GF100 , with too little focus on the more immediate threat from AMD .
Now that the first - generation Larrabee has failed to materialize as a consumer product , the GF100 must face its sole rival in the form of the lean , efficient , and much smaller Cypress chip in AMD ’s new Radeons .
With a 50 % wider path to memory and roughly half again as many transistors as Cypress , the GF100 ought to have no trouble capturing the overall graphics performance title .
Yet the GF100 project has been dogged by delays and the inevitable rumors about the problems that have caused them , among them the time - honored classics of chip yield , heat , and power issues .
In this context , we ’ve made several attempts at handicapping the key throughput rates of GF100 - based products , and we ’ve constantly had to revise our expectations downward with each trickle of new information .
Now that the flagship GeForce GTX 480 is set to ship soon , we can make one more downward revision that brings us to the final numbers .
Nvidia has elected to disable one of the GF100 ’s 16 shader multiprocessor groups even in the top - of - the - line GTX 480 .
That fact suggests some yield issues with this very large chip , and indeed , the company says the concession was needed in order to ensure sufficient initial supplies of the GTX 480 .
This change reduces the number of ALUs or “ CUDA cores ” by 32 in the final product , along with one texture unit that would have been good for sampling and filtering four texels per clock .
With this modification and the settling of the base GPU clock at 700MHz , the shader ALUs at twice that , and the memory clock at 924MHz , the GTX 480 ’s key rates become apparent .
GeForce
GTX 285 GeForce
GTX 480 Radeon
HD 5870 Transistor count 1.4B 3.0B 2.15B
Process node 55 nm @ TSMC 40 nm @ TSMC 40 nm @ TSMC Core clock 648 MHz 700 MHz 850 MHz “ Hot ” ( shader ) clock 1476 MHz 1401 MHz — Memory clock 1300 MHz 924 MHz 1200 MHz Memory transfer rate 2600 MT/s 3696 MT/s 4800 MT/s Memory bus width 512 bits 384 bits 256 bits Memory bandwidth 166.4 GB / s 177.4 GB /s 153.6 GB/s ALUs 240 480 1600 Peak single - precision arithmetic rate 0.708 Tflops 1.35 Tflops 2.72 Tflops Peak double - precision arithmetic rate 88.5 Gflops 168 Gflops 544 Gflops ROPs 32 48 32 ROP rate 21.4 Gpixels / s 33.6 Gpixels / s 27.2 Gpixels / s INT8 bilinear texel rate ( Half rate for FP16 ) 51.8 Gtexels / s 42.0 Gtexels / s 68.0 Gtexels / s
The GTX 480 is a straightforward near - doubling of peak shader arithmetic and ROP throughput rates versus the GeForce GTX 285 , but memory bandwidth is only marginally higher .
In theory , the GTX 480 is , amazingly , slower at texturing than the GTX 285 , but Nvidia expects the GF100 to deliver higher real - world texturing performance thanks to some texture cache optimizations that should reduce conflicts during sampling .
( Those of you familiar with the Fermi architecture may wonder why double - precision math performance is only doubled versus the GTX 285 .
In theory , GF100 does DP math at half the single - precision rate .
However , Nvidia has elected to reserve all of that double - precision power for its professional - level Tesla products .
GeForce cards will get only a quarter of the DP math rate . )
More troubling are the comparisons to the Radeon HD 5870 .
Yes , the GTX 480 is badly beaten in the FLOPS numbers by the 5870 .
That was also true of the comparison between the GTX 280 and Radeon HD 4870 in the prior generation , yet it was never a real problem , because Nvidia ’s scheduling methods are more efficient than AMD’s .
The sheer magnitude of the gap in FLOPS here is unsettling , but the areas of potentially greater concern include memory bandwidth , ROP rate , and texturing .
Theoretically , the GTX 480 is only slightly quicker in the former two categories , since relatively low GDDR5 clock rates look to have hampered its memory bandwidth .
And it ’s substantially slower than the 5870 at texturing .
As we ’ve said before , the GF100 will have to make up in efficiency what it lacks in brute - force capacity , assuming the competition leaves room for that .
Clearly , the GF100 missed its targets on a number of fronts .
The fact that it ’s still tops in memory bandwidth and ROP rate illustrates how Nvidia ’s strategy of building a very large chip mitigates risk , in a sense .
Even when dialed back , the GF100 is in running for the performance title .
The question is whether capturing that title will be worth it to Nvidia in terms of manufacturing costs and delays , and to the consumer in terms of power draw , heat , and noise .
Last time around , the GT200 was n’t really a paragon of architectural efficiency , but Nvidia was able to reach some fairly satisfactory compromises on clock speed , power , and performance .
GeForce GTX 480 : The big daddy warms up his pipes
The GeForce GTX 480
For what it is , the GeForce GTX 480 is a rather impressive specimen .
At first glance , it looks like any other high - end graphics card .
Take stock , though , and several items stand out .
The four heatpipes menacingly snaking up and back down into its cooling shroud suggest serious cooling horsepower and the need for it .
The plated metal grooves on the side of the card are handsome and a heatsink surface .
Above the dual DVI ports is a rather unusual Mini HDMI connector , surely chosen because it ’s compact enough not to impinge on the venting area in the adjacent slot cover .
( Nvidia expects cards to ship with adapters to regular - sized HDMI connectors , of course . )
In all of these ways , the GTX 480 looks to be designed to expel and radiate heat as efficiently as any video card we can recall .
From left to right : Radeon HD 5850 , GeForce GTX 470 , GeForce GTX 480 , Radeon HD 5870 , Radeon HD 5970
In spite of those omens , the GTX 480 is pretty much exactly 10.5 ″ long , or ever - so - slightly shorter than a Radeon HD 5870 .
Unlike the 5870 , though , the GTX 480 requires both a six - pin auxiliary power connector and an eight - pin one , because the 250W max power rating of the board exceeds the limits of two six - pin connectors .
Remove the cooler , and you can see the source of all of the commotion : the GF100 chip under its expansive metal cap .
Nvidia remains mum on the GF100 ’s exact die area , but it ’s gotta be roughly the size of a TARP loan .
Flanking the GF100 are 12 pieces of GDDR5 memory , totaling 1536MB .
The GTX 480 ’s cooler is a nifty bit of engineering in its own right , with five heatpipes that come into direct contact with the metal cap atop the GPU .
Hint : do not touch said heatpipes .
I measured one at 141° F with an IR thermometer .
Moreover , at one point as I was uninstalling a card from our test system , I personally confirmed , with my fingertip , that this temperature is above the threshold of pain .
Nvidia expects the GeForce GTX 480 to sell for $ 499 at online retailers .
That price positions the GTX 480 a step above the Radeon HD 5870 , whose list price was supposed to be $ 399 until the reality of 40 - nm supply problems intruded ; the 5870 ’s prevailing street price now looks to be about $ 419 .
The closest competition for the GTX 480 may come in the form of upcoming 2GB variants of the Radeon HD 5870 , such as the Eyefinity6 edition that ’s likely to be priced at $ 499 or the Asus Matrix card we ’ll show you on the next page .
Speaking of supply problems , AMD ’s fastest graphics card , of course , is the dual - GPU Radeon HD 5970 .
That is if you can find one .
They ’re currently out of stock at Newegg , with stated prices ranging from $ 699 to $ 739 , well above the card ’s initially projected $ 599 price tag .
Product availability is one of the big questions about the GeForce GTX 400 series , as well .
When Nvidia first briefed us on the GTX 470 and 480 , we were told to expect to see cards selling at online retailers within a week after last Friday ’s official product announcement .
Late last week , that time frame changed to the week of April 12 .
That ’s well past the self - imposed first - quarter ship date Nvidia had pledged for the GF100 - based cards at CES , which does n’t inspire loads of confidence .
Still , Nvidia ’s Nick Stam told us last week that the firm is “ building tens of thousands of units for initial availability . ”
Whether that many cards will truly be available in mid-Apriland whether that supply will be sufficient to meet demand is anyone ’s guess .
We ’ll just have to wait and see .
GeForce GTX 470 : Fermi attenuated
Ultimately , the card that may arouse more interest in the buying public is the GeForce GTX 470 , another GF100 variant that ’s been detuned a bit .
For this product , Nvidia disables a second SM unit , along with a ROP partition and its associated memory controller .
The resulting specs line : 448 ALUs , 56 texture units , 40 ROPs , and a 320 - bit path to memory .
The GTX 470 ’s core clock speed is 607MHz , and its 1280 MB of GDDR5 memory ticks along at 837MHzor 3348 MT/s .
This is a smaller , 9.5 ″ - long card with a 215W max power rating and only two six - pin aux power plugs .
With an expected e-tail price of $ 349 , the GTX 470 should probably slot in between the Radeon HD 5850 and the 5870 .
However , the 5850 long ago left its initial list price of $ 259 in the dust and has climbed into the $ 299-329 range , not far from where the GTX 470 is expected to land .
Surround Fermi ?
The GTX 470 sports the same set of display outputs as the GTX 480 : two DVI ports and a Mini HDMI connector .
We should note , though , that the GF100 ’s display block can only drive two outputs at a time .
Nvidia announced plans at CES to counter AMD ’s Eyefinity feature with a triple - monitor Surround Gaming capability , along with 3D Vision Surround , which will incorporate support for 3D glasses to add the impression of depth .
Thanks to the GF100 ’s display output limitations , you ’ll need a pair of GTX - 400 - series graphics cards in SLI in order to drive three monitors .
That ’s a shame , since a card like this is easily powerful enough to drive at least three multi-megapixel displays competently in modern games , as AMD ’s Eyefinity initiative has proven .
On the flip side , given our experiences with 3D Vision , we expect you ’d need two very fast GPUs in order to get decent performance across three displays with it .
Driver support for both Surround Gaming and 3D Vision Surround is still pending .
Nvidia tells us it will add these features in its 256 driver release , slated for “ early April . ”
This driver will purportedly come out of the gate with bezel compensation a capability AMD has only recently added to its Catalyst drivers .
Still , given the fact that AMD has a broad lineup of Radeon HD 5000 - series cards capable of supporting three monitors and a six - monitor Eyefinity6 card whose release is imminent , Nvidia has miles to go to catch up on the multi-monitor front .
Team AMD ’s new ringer
Since it ’s had Radeon HD 5870 cards in the market for half a year , AMD has the luxury of meeting the new GeForces with some specially tailored competition .
The card pictured above arrived in Damage Labs just as the GF100 cards did , and it ’s a Radeon HD 5870 that ’s hopped up on Adderall .
Part of Asus’ Matrix series , this 5870 has a custom cooler and a pair of eight - pin power connectors .
Together , those things should allow a fair bit of additional overclocking headroom .
Also , right out of the box , the Matrix card should be a little faster than a vanilla 5870 thanks to its 894M Hz core clock 44MHz above stock and 2GB of onboard RAM .
Cards like this one should be available for purchase in early April .
We do n’t have pricing yet , but I ’d expect them to be priced at or below the GeForce GTX 480 ’s $ 499 mark .
We ’ve included the Matrix 5870 2GB in our tests , alongside a regular Radeon HD 5870 .
The Matrix card is labeled as “ Radeon HD 5870 2GB , ” but keep in mind that its performance may be more influenced by its bumped - up core clock speed than by the additional video RAM .
In fact , memory may be a limiting factor in this card ’s performance , since its clock speed has n’t budged from the usual 1200MHz .
Test notes
We ’ve concentrated our tests of these new GeForces primarily on games this time around , rather than delving into the specifics of the GPU architecture .
That ’s due in part to limited time with the cards prior to publication , and in part to my dissatisfaction with the current state of the tools we have to measure these things .
With luck , we should be able to go back and take a closer look at some architectural specifics at a later date .
For now , in order to give you the broadest comparisons possible , we ’ve broken our testing into two rounds .
Round one incorporates test data from our Radeon HD 5830 review , which includes results from 13 different graphics cards dating back to the Radeon HD 3870 and the GeForce 7900 GTX .
To those results , we ’ve added the GeForce GTX 470 , 480 , and the Matrix 5870 .
In round two , we ’ve concentrated our attention on newer games , higher quality settings , DirectX 11 , and a few directed tests .
This round includes some higher - end hardware , including dual GTX 480 cards in SLI , 5870s in Cross Fire , and some single - card multi-GPU solutions .
You can see our basic test configurations for round one in the testing methods section of our 5830 review .
Our test config for the newer cards was the same , with the sole exception of video drivers .
We tested the GTX 470/480 with the ForceWare 197.17 drivers and the Matrix 5870 with the Catalyst 10.3a preview drivers complete with the latest profile update for both rounds .
The other cards in round one used slightly older drivers .
That may be notable because AMD says it ’s delivered some general performance improvements for all Radeon HD 4000 - and 5000 - series GPUs in its latest public driver release .
However , I suspect the pre-release drivers we used for the 5830 review already incorporated many of those optimizations , and our results would seem to bear that out .
For round two , our test systems were configured per the information below .
Our testing methods
As ever , we did our best to deliver clean benchmark numbers .
Tests were run at least three times , and we ’ve reported the median result .
Our test systems were configured like so :
Processor Core i7 -965 Extreme 3.2GHz Motherboard Gigabyte EX58 - UD5
North bridge X58 IOH South bridge ICH10R Memory size 12GB
( 6 DIMMs ) Memory type Corsair Dominator
CMD12GX3M6A1600C8 DDR3 SDRAM at 1333MHz Memory
timings 8-8-8-24 2T
Chipset drivers INF update 9.1.1.1015 Rapid Storage Technology 9.6.0.1014 Audio Integrated ICH10R/ALC889A with Realtek 6.0.1.6069 drivers Graphics Radeon HD
5850 1GB with Catalyst 8.712-100313a-097309E ( 10.3a preview ) drivers Profile update 1.0 Asus
EAH5870 Radeon HD 5870 1GB with Catalyst 8.712-100313a-097309E ( 10.3a preview ) drivers Profile update 1.0 Dual
Radeon HD 5870 1GB with Catalyst 8.712-100313a-097309E ( 10.3a preview ) drivers Profile update 1.0 Asus
Matrix Radeon HD 5870 2GB with Catalyst 8.712-100313a-097309E ( 10.3a preview ) drivers Profile update 1.0 Radeon HD
5970 2GB with Catalyst 8.712-100313a-097309E ( 10.3a preview ) driver Profile update 1.0 Asus
ENGTX285 TOP GeForce GTX 285 1GB with ForceWare 197.13 drivers Asus ENGTX295 GeForce GTX
295 2GB with ForceWare 197.13 drivers GeForce GTX
470 1280 MB with ForceWare 197.17 drivers GeForce GTX
480 1536 MB with ForceWare 197.17 drivers Dual GeForce
GTX 480 1536 MB with ForceWare 197.17 drivers Hard drive WD Caviar SE16 320 GB SATA Power supply PC Power & Cooling Silencer 750 Watt OS Windows 7 Ultimate x64 Edition DirectX runtime update February 2010
Thanks to Intel , Corsair , Gigabyte , and PC Power & Cooling for helping to outfit our test rigs with some of the finest hardware available .
AMD , Nvidia , XFX , Asus , Diamond , and Gigabyte supplied the graphics cards for testing , as well .
Unless otherwise specified , image quality settings for the graphics cards were left at the control panel defaults .
Vertical refresh sync ( vsync ) was disabled for all tests .
We used the following test applications :
The tests and methods we employ are generally publicly available and reproducible .
If you have questions about our methods , hit our forums to talk with us about them .
Round 1 : Running the numbers
Peak
pixel
fill rate
( Gpixels / s )
Peak bilinear INT8 texel
filtering
rate
( Gtexels / s ) Peak bilinear FP16 texel
filtering
rate
( Gtexels / s )
Peak
memory
bandwidth
( GB/s ) Peak shader
arithmetic ( GFLOPS ) Single - issue Dual - issue GeForce 8800 GT 11.2 39.2 19.6 64.6 392 588 GeForce 9800 GTX 10.8 43.2 21.6 70.4 432 648 Ge
Force GTS 250 12.3 49.3 24.6 71.9 484 726 Ge
Force GTX 260 ( 216 SPs ) 18.2 46.8 23.4 128.8 605 907 Ge
Force GTX 275 17.7 50.6 25.3 127.0 674 1011 GeForce GTX 285 21.4 53.6 26.8 166.4 744 1116 Ge
Force GTX 470 24.3 34.0 17.0 133.9 1089 – GeForce GTX 480 33.6 42.0 21.0 177.4 1345 – Radeon HD 3870 13.6 13.6 13.6 73.2 544 – Radeon HD 4850 11.2 28.0 14.0 63.6 1120 – Radeon HD 4870 12.0 30.0 15.0 115.2 1200 – Radeon HD 4890 14.4 36.0 18.0 124.8 1440 – Radeon HD 5750 11.2 25.2 12.6 73.6 1008 – Radeon HD 5770 13.6 34.0 17.0 76.8 1360 – Radeon HD 5830 12.8 44.8 22.4 128.0 1792 – Radeon HD 5850 23.2 52.2 26.1 128.0 2088 – Radeon HD 5870 27.2 68.0 34.0 153.6 2720 –
We ’ve already looked at the GTX 480 ’s theoretical capacities in some detail , but the table above gives us a wider view and includes the GeForce GTX 470 , as well .
These numbers are instructive and sometimes helpful for handicapping things , but delivered performance is what matters most , so we wo n’t fixate on them too much .
For instance , note how the GeForce GTX 470 ’s basic specs compare to its likely chief rival , the Radeon HD 5850 .
The pixel fill rate and memory bandwidth of the two cards are comparable , with a slight edge to the GeForce in both categories .
The 5850 has almost double the peak texturing and shader arithmetic rates , though .
The balances here are very different in theory , but I doubt the real - world performance will diverge nearly that dramatically .
We can use some synthetic tests to give us a better sense of things .
We ’re not especially enamored with 3DMark Vantage overall , but its directed benchmarks will have to do for now .
The results of this test tend to track pretty closely with theoretical memory bandwidth numbers , and the new GeForces appear to follow suit .
That puts the GTX 480 at the top of the heap , with the GTX 470 settling in just below the Radeon HD 5850 .
Of course , ROP rates are crucial for things other than just raw pixel fill rates , most notably for antialiasing performance .
We ’ll look at that aspect of things in the following pages .
We learned in the process of putting together our Radeon HD 5830 review that 3D Mark ’s texture fill rate test really is just that and nothing more textures are n’t even sampled bilinearly .
The test does employ FP16 texture formats , but the result is to put GeForce GTX 200 - series GPUs ( and older Nvidia parts ) at a disadvantage , since they can only sample FP16 textures at the rate they filter them , while newer Radeons can sample FP16 textures at full speed .
Fortunately , the GF100 can also sample FP16 formats at full speed , so it ’s not handicapped by the peculiarities of this test .
In fact , both GF100 cards prove to be quite efficient here , coming close to their projected peak rates .
Then again , the Radeons look to be similarly efficient , with markedly higher peak throughput .
These directed shader tests have long been a study in contrasts , with the architectures from rival camps showing their relative strengths on different workloads .
If anything , that contrast is heightened by the arrival of the GF100 .
The Radeons rule the Perlin noise and parallax occlusion mapping tests , while the new GeForces dominate the GPU cloth and particle simulations .
If we can learn anything from these results , I ’d say the lesson is that the Radeon HD 5870 ’s gaudy advantage in peak FLOPS rate on paper does n’t necessarily translate into superior shader performance .
Round 1 : DiRT 2
This excellent racer packs a nicely scriptable performance test .
For round one , we tested at the game ’s “ high ” quality presets with 4X antialiasing in DirectX 9 mode .
( We ’ll look at DX11 in round two . )
Because this automated test uses computer A.I. and involves some variance , we tested five times at each resolution and have reported the median results .
Our first game test does not produce a happy outcome for the new GeForces .
At the highest resolution , the GeForce GTX 480 ties the Radeon HD 5870 .
The GeForce GTX 470 is in a dead heat with the Radeon HD 5850 , too .
Round 1 : Borderlands
We tested Gearbox ’s post - apocalyptic role - playing shooter by using the game ’s built - in performance test .
We tested with all of the in - game quality options at their max .
We could n’t enable antialiasing , because the game ’s Unreal Engine does n’t support it .
This sort of result may be what Nvidia was counting on when it set the prices for its new graphics cards .
The GTX 480 and 470 take the top two spots at the highest resolution , followed surprisingly enough by the GTX 285 .
I ’m not entirely sure what to make of the minimum frame rates reported by the Borderlands performance test .
I would n’t put too much stock into them , though , when the GTX 470 has a higher minimum in a couple of cases than the GTX 480 .
Round 1 : Left 4 Dead 2
In Left 4 Dead 2 , we got our data by recording and playing back a custom timedemo comprised of several minutes of gameplay .
We had L4D2 ‘s image quality settings maxed out , with multi-core rendering enabled , along with 4X AA and 16X anisotropic filtering .
The Radeons are faster at lower resolutions , but as the display resolution climbs and the GPU becomes unquestionably the primary performance constraint , the GTX 480 rises to the top spotonly by a paltry two frames per second , though .
The GTX 470 does n’t appreciably outperform the Radeon HD 5850 , either .
Round 1 : Modern Warfare 2
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 generally runs pretty well on most modern PC hardware , but it does have some parts where lots of activity and heavy use of shader effects can slow it down .
We chose to test performance in one such area , where you ’re in a firefight inside of an office building .
This close - quarters fight involves lots of flying debris , smoke , and a whole mess of enemy soldiers cooped up with your squad in close proximity .
To test , we played through this scene for 60 seconds while recording frame rates with FRAPS .
This firefight is chaotic enough that there ’s really no hope of playing through it exactly the same way each time , although we did try the best we could .
We conducted five play - throughs on each card and then reported the median of the average and minimum frame rate values from all five runs .
The frame - by - frame results come from a single , representative test session .
We had all of MW2 ’s image quality settings maxed out , with 4X antialiasing enabled , as well .
We could only include a subset of the cards at this resolution , since the slower ones could n’t produce playable frame rates .
The trend we ’ve established in our prior round - one tests continues here : the new GeForces just are n’t appreciably faster than their closest Radeon competitors even though they cost more .
Disappointingly , the GeForce GTX 480 really is n’t that much faster than the GeForce GTX 285 , either .
Round 2 : Unigine Heaven demo
And now we begin round two , with a little more focus on high - end solutions and DirectX 11 .
As you have hopefully gathered by now , one of the distinguishing characteristics of the Fermi architecture is its potential for geometry processing throughput .
Nvidia has made a big bet here on the usage model for real - time graphics shifting in the direction of much , much more geometric detail .
Generally speaking , the Radeon HD 5870 seems to be quite good at tessellation , although once you get to a certain point with a very large number of triangles in a scene , the GF100 ought to outperform the 5870 thanks to its quad rasterizers and the like .
Few current games ( and quite likely , not many in the near future ) will really push on this point .
Even if they do use tessellation , they ’re not likely to put an inordinate strain on the geometry processing throughput of Radeon HD 5000 - series GPUs .
To do that , we ’ll turn to a synthetic benchmark : Unigine ’s Heaven 2.0 demo .
This DirectX 11 demo looks pretty nice , overall .
One of the major highlights of the demo is its use of tessellation , and the new 2.0 release takes that even further than earlier versions .
I think this demo presents us with a nice opportunity peek into the Fermi architecture ’s geometry processing abilities , but I do have some reservations to note .
Although the Heaven demo does push through a lot of triangles , it ’s apparently not especially smart about how it does so .
To my eye , the three levels of tessellation available in the demo , “ moderate , ” “ normal , ” and “ extreme , ” are visually indistinguishable unless you switch to a wireframe view .
That suggests , well , that one should n’t use the higher levels of geometry subdivision , since they ’re not really helping .
Once you do switch into wireframe view , you can begin to see the problem .
Here ’s an example from the demo .
That ’s a tremendous amount of detail large portions of the screen are just white with polygon edges .
Nifty , right ?
But look at the close - up of the hull of the ship , and you can see that its silhouette is n’t a smooth curve as one would expect with a nicely tessellated object .
Instead , major transitions between large polygons create visible seams , while all of the detail goes toward subdividing the geometry inside of those large , essentially flat triangles , where it ’s pretty much useless .
Toggling tessellation on and off for this object reveals that tessellation imparts a kind of “ inflated ” look to it , where the white areas covered by lots of detail tend to swell as if they ’d been exposed to a Joe Biden speech .
This is one use of tessellation , I suppose , but it does n’t seem to be a very good one .
One hopes Nvidia wo n’t be tempted to persuade game developers to make inappropriate use of tessellation just so it can demonstrate the hidden virtues of the Fermi architecture .
True progress on this front will require perceptible and unequivocal visual improvements , not just … inflation .
Nevertheless , we do have a heaping load of triangles , and we can see how the GF100 handles them compared to the competition .
The GF100 cards perform quite well in the Heaven demo , and they become relatively stronger when we move from the “ normal ” tessellation level to “ extreme . ”
It is nice to see that this attribute of the Fermi architecture pays off in a measurable way .
Of course , whether or not that will translate into higher image quality and better performance in real games any time soon is another question , one whose answer may not be so positive .
Round 2 : Antialiasing scaling with Far Cry 2
My thought here was to show you how performance scaled at different antialiasing levels , because this has been a point of distinction between AMD and Nvidia GPUs in recent years .
Starting with the 4000 series , Radeons have handled 8X multisampled AA with a fairly small performance hit compared to 4X AA .
Meanwhile , the GeForce GTX 200 series has seen a steeper drop in frame rates when going from 4X to 8X MSAA .
( The obvious solution with GeForce cards has been to use one of Nvidia ’s coverage - sampled AA modes , which achieve similar image quality with less of a performance hit .
However , doing so complicated direct comparisons between GPU brands , since AMD has no direct analog to CSAA . )
Nvidia expects the GF100 to remedy that problem thanks to improved color compression in its ROPs .
Trouble is , I ’m not sure these results show us what we expected to see .
The GeForce GTX 285 does n’t slow down inordinately when asked to run in 8X MSAA mode , upending our expectations .
The contest between the Radeon HD 5870 2GB and the GeForce GTX 470 may be instructive , though .
The 5870 2GB churns out more frames per second without antialiasing and with 2X AA enabled .
At 4X and 8X , the GTX 470 proves quicker .
I ’d like to confirm this with a similar set of directed tests using another game , but perhaps the GF100 ’s ROPs have been brought up to snuff in this respect .
Round 2 : DiRT 2
Our second round of DiRT 2 tests raises the ante by switching to DirectX 11 and cranking up the in - game visual quality settings to the “ Ultra ” preset .
We ’re also using a newer version of DiRT 2 with some graphical tweaks , so these results truly are n’t comparable to our round - one set .
In DX11 , this game tessellates the surfaces of the water puddles on the track so they behave more realistically .
Tessellation is also used to increase the detail of the characters in the crowd beside the track .
Once we get to the highest resolution , the GTX 480 once again is no faster than the Radeon HD 5870 in this game , although the GTX 480 SLI config scales better than two 5870s in a Cross Fire pairing .
Round 2 : Battlefield : Bad Company 2
I considered getting Crysis Warhead into the mix of games we ’d test for this reviewuntil I got a good look at Bad Company 2 .
I think we have a new winner in the ongoing sweeps for best - looking PC game .
BC2 looks how the Crysis games wanted to look , before they got sidetracked by all of that on - screen high - frequency noise .
BC2 uses DirectX 11 , but according to this interview , DX11 is mainly used to speed up soft shadow filtering .
The DirectX 10 rendering path produces the same images .
Since these are all relatively fast graphics cards , we turned up all of the image quality settings in the game .
Our test sessions took place in the first 60 seconds of the “ Heart of Darkness ” level .
Here we are again , with a major new game that really takes good advantage of a modern PC ’s capabilities , and the new GeForces are no faster than their less - expensive rivals from AMD .
Heck , the GTX 470 performs almost exactly like the GeForce GTX 285 .
Contrary to appearances , though , Nvidia gets points for a better multi-GPU implementation in BC2 .
Although the CrossFire solutions produce higher performance numbers , both the 5970 and the dual 5870s exhibited image quality issues in this game , even with the latest profile update from AMD .
Incidentally , the average frame rates you ’re seeing in the graph above may seem relatively low for the slower cards , but notice that the minimum frame rates are fairly high .
All of these cards delivered a fluid , playable experience during our testing .
Our frame - by - frame plots illustrate that fact visually .
Round 2 : Metro 2033
If Bad Company 2 has a rival for the title of best - looking game , it ’s gotta be Metro 2033 .
This game uses DX10 and DX11 to create some of the best visuals on the PC today .
You can get essentially the same visuals using either version of DirectX , but with DirectX 11 , Metro 2033 offers a couple of additional options : tessellation and a DirectCompute - based depth of field shader .
If you have a GeForce card , Metro 2033 will use it to accelerate some types of in - game physics calculations , since it uses the PhysX API .
We did n’t enable advanced PhysX effects in our tests , though , since we wanted to do a direct comparison to the new Radeons .
Perhaps next time .
See here for more on this game ’s exhaustively state - of - the - art technology .
If it was capable , we tested each card three ways : with DX10 , DX11 , and DX11 with tessellation and the advanced depth - of - field shader activated .
Also , out of curiosity , I made a late addition , testing the GTX 480 and the 5870 2GB with only tessellation enabled , without the advanced depth - of - field shader .
Otherwise , we had Metro 2033 ‘s best visual quality settings selected , along with the game engine ’s built - in adaptive antialiasing scheme .
To get repeatable results with FRAPS , we decided to test this game a little bit differently .
We stood in one spot , in the scene shown above , and captured frame rates over a 20 - second period .
This scene is packed with non-player characters and is relatively intensive compared to many areas in the game , so consider these frame rates more of a likely minimum .
Many areas of the game will run faster than this particular spot does .
Without the advanced features enabled , this game runs at about the same speed with DX10 and DX11 , and the new GeForces are a smidgen quicker than the closest competing Radeons .
Enabling both tessellation and advanced depth of field exacts a hefty performance penalty from every solution we tested , and frankly , the visual differences are tough to detect .
I would n’t bother with those features .
As I said , out of curiosity , I tried using just tessellation on a couple of cards .
In that configuration , only three frames per second separate the GTX 480 from the Radeon HD 5870 2GB , and neither card really manages acceptable frame rates .
Power consumption
We measured total system power consumption at the wall socket using an our fancy new Yokogawa WT210 digital power meter .
The monitor was plugged into a separate outlet , so its power draw was not part of our measurement .
The cards were plugged into a motherboard on an open test bench .
The idle measurements were taken at the Windows desktop with the Aero theme enabled .
The cards were tested under load running Left 4 Dead at a 2560 ×1600 resolution with 4X AA and 16X anisotropic filtering .
We test power with Left 4 Dead because we ’ve found that this game ’s fairly simple shaders tend to cause GPUs to draw quite a bit of power , so we think it ’s a solidly representative peak gaming workload .
Well , that ’s not very good .
At idle , the GTX 470 ’s power draw is n’t too scary , but the GTX 480 pulls more juice than the dual - GPU Radeon HD 5970 .
Two idle GTX 480s in SLI draw just 20W less than a Radeon HD 5850 does while running a game .
The new GeForces draw substantially more power when running a game , too , than the competing Radeons .
You ’ve gotta take power circuitry inefficiencies into account , of course , but our GTX 480 system pulls 105W more under load than the same system with a Radeon HD 5870 installed .
Wow .
Noise levels
We measured noise levels on our test system , sitting on an open test bench , using an Extech model 407738 digital sound level meter .
The meter was mounted on a tripod approximately 8 ″ from the test system at a height even with the top of the video card .
We used the OSHA - standard weighting and speed for these measurements .
You can think of these noise level measurements much like our system power consumption tests , because the entire systems ’ noise levels were measured .
Of course , noise levels will vary greatly in the real world along with the acoustic properties of the PC enclosure used , whether the enclosure provides adequate cooling to avoid a card ’s highest fan speeds , placement of the enclosure in the room , and a whole range of other variables .
These results should give a reasonably good picture of comparative fan noise , though .
The GF100 cards ’ higher power draw numbers translate pretty directly into higher noise level readings on our meter .
In spite of some slick engineering in the GTX 480 ’s cooler , the card is quite a bit noisier than a stock Radeon HD 5870 .
The only single - GPU solution that ’s louder is Asus ’ overclocking - oriented Matrix 5870 2GB , which is tuned to keep temperatures down .
I should note that I did all of my GTX 480 SLI testing with the cards installed together in adjacent PCIe x16 slots .
Nvidia ’s reviewer ’s guide suggests separating the cards if possible by installing them spaced apart , but doing so would have sacrificed eight lanes of PCIe connectivity on our X58 motherboard and possibly some performance .
The GTX 480 SLI config might have been quieter and slower if I had taken Nvidia ’s advice .
For what it ’s worth , in case the graphs do n’t really convey this , two GTX 480s in SLI are really frickin’ loud .
GPU temperatures
We used GPU - Z to log temperatures during our load testing .
In the case of multi-GPU setups , we recorded temperatures on the primary card .
Looks like Nvidia has tuned its fan control profiles to achieve lower noise levels at the cost of higher GPU temperatures .
The GTX 480 runs 12° hotter than the GTX 285 , and the GTX 470 is a tick hotter still .
With that said , Nvidia has n’t really forged any new territory .
The Radeon HD 5870 runs at similar temperatures , and it gets even warmer in a Cross Fire team .
We do n’t usually report idle GPU temperatures because they can vary quite a bit , depending on the conditions , and are n’t always primarily determined by fan speed control profiles .
I should point out , though , that both our GTX 470 and 480 cards tended to drop back to much lower temperatures as they idled on our open - air test bench .
We did n’t see the sort of constant 90° temperatures that we saw from , say , the first wave of Radeon HD 4850s .
Marilyn Monroe & Truman Capote dance at El Morocco in New York ( 1955 , via Bettmann / Corbis )
Monroe & Capote were good friends and drinking buddies during the last decade of her life .
In 1980 , Capote released Music for Chameleons , a collection of short works that included an account of an afternoon he spent with Monroe in 1955 .
We ’ll never know if and how their conversations were embellished by Capote ( who claimed to have transcribed his talk with Monroe in his diaries later that same afternoon ) , but they certainly make for entertaining reading .
An excerpt from the piece , which was titled A Beautiful Child :
TC : Now do you think we can get the hell out of here ?
You promised me champagne , remember ?
MARILYN : I remember .
But I do n’t have any money .
TC : You ’re always late and you never have any money .
By any chance are you under the delusion that you ’re Queen Elizabeth ?
MARILYN : Who ?
TC : Queen Elizabeth .
The Queen of England .
MARILYN : ( frowning )
What ’s that cunt got to do with it ?
TC : Queen Elizabeth never carries money either .
She ’s not allowed to .
Filthy lucre must not stain the royal palm .
It ’s a law or something .
MARILYN : I wish they ’d pass a law like that for me .
TC : Keep going the way you are and maybe they will .
MARILYN : Well , gosh .
How does she pay for anything ?
Like when she goes shopping ?
TC : Her lady - in - waiting trots along with a bag full of farthings .
MARILYN : You know what ?
I ’ll bet she gets everything free .
In return for endorsements .
TC : Very possible .
I would n’t be a bit surprised .
By Appointment to Her Majesty .
Corgi dogs .
All those Fortnum & Mason goodies .
Pot. Condoms .
MARILYN : What would she want with condoms ?
TC : Not her , dopey .
For that chump who walks two steps behind .
Prince Philip .
MARILYN : Him .
Oh , yeah .
He ’s cute .
He looks like he might have a nice prick .
Did I ever tell you about the time I saw Errol Flynn whip out his prick and play the piano with it ?
Oh well , it was a hundred years ago , I ’d just got into modeling , and I went to this half - ass party , and Errol Flynn , so pleased with himself , he was there and he took out his prick and played the piano with it .
Thumped the keys .
He played You Are My Sunshine .
Christ !
Everybody says Milton Berle has the biggest schlong in Hollywood .
But who cares ?
Look , do n’t you have any money ?
TC : Maybe about fifty bucks .
MARILYN : Well , that ought to buy us some bubbly .
( Outside , Lexington Avenue was empty of all but harmless pedestrians .
It was around two , and as nice an April afternoon as one could wish : ideal strolling weather .
So we moseyed toward Third Avenue .
A few gawkers spun their heads , not because they recognized Marilyn as the Marilyn , but because of her funeral finery ; she giggled her special little giggle , a sound as tempting as the jingling bells on a Good Humor wagon , and said : “ Maybe I should always dress this way .
Real anonymous . ”
As we neared P.J. Clarke ’s saloon , I suggested P.J. ’s might be a good place to refresh ourselves , but she vetoed that : “ It ’s full of those advertising creeps .
And that bitch Dorothy Kilgallen , she ’s always in there getting bombed .
What is it with these micks ?
The way they booze , they ’re worse than Indians . ”
I felt called upon to defend Kilgallen , who was a friend , somewhat , and I allowed as to how she could upon occasion be a clever funny woman .
She said : “ Be that as it may , she ’s written some bitchy stuff about me .
But all those cunts hate me .
Hedda .
Louella .
I know you ’re supposed to get used to it , but I just can ’t .
It really hurts .
What did I ever do to those hags ?
The only one who writes a decent word about me is Sidney Skolsky .
But he ’s a guy .
The guys treat me okay .
Just like maybe I was a human person .
At least they give me the benefit of the doubt .
And Bob Thomas is a gentleman .
And Jack O’Brian . ”
We looked in the windows of antique shops ; one contained a tray of old rings , and Marilyn said : “ That ’s pretty .
The garnet with the seed pearls .
I wish I could wear rings , but I hate people to notice my hands .
They ’re too fat .
Elizabeth Taylor has fat hands .
But with those eyes , who ’s looking at her hands ?
I like to dance naked in front of mirrors and watch my tits jump around .
There ’s nothing wrong with them .
But I wish my hands were n’t so fat . ”
Another window displayed a handsome grandfather clock , which prompted her to observe : “ I ’ve never had a home .
Not a real one with all my own furniture .
But if I ever get married again , and make a lot of money , I ’m going to hire a couple of trucks and ride down Third Avenue buying every damn kind of crazy thing .
I ’m going to get a dozen grandfather clocks and line them all up in one room and have them all ticking away at the same time .
That would be real homey , do n’t you think ? ” )
(…)
MARILYN : Remember , I said if anybody ever asked you what I was like , what Marilyn Monroe was really like — well , how would you answer them ?
( Her tone was teaseful , mocking , yet earnest , too : she wanted an honest reply . )
I bet you ’d tell them I was a slob .
A banana split .
TC : Of course .
But I ’d also say …
( The light was leaving .
She seemed to fade with it , blend with the sky and clouds , recede beyond them .
I wanted to lift my voice louder than the seagulls ’ cries and call her back : “ Marilyn !
Marilyn , why did everything have to turn out the way it did ?
Why does life have to be so rotten ? ” )
TC : I ’d say …
MARILYN : I ca n’t hear you .
TC : I ’d say you are a beautiful child .
***
A full - ish version of the piece was published in People in 1980 & can be read here ( “ full-ish ” because in a concession to propriety , People excised , among other things , Monroe ’s colorful nickname for Queen Elizabeth and any references to Errol Flynn ’s piano - playing penis ) .
Incidentally , Capote had actually wanted Monroe to play the part of Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany ’s .
Capote : “ Marilyn would have been absolutely marvelous in it .
She wanted to play it too , to the extent that she worked up two whole scenes all by herself and did them for me .
She was terrifically good , but Paramount double - crossed me in every way and cast Audrey .
Audrey is an old friend and one of my favorite people , but she was just wrong for that part . ”
=encoding utf -8
TITLE
Apocalypse 5 : Pattern Matching
AUTHOR
Larry Wall < [ email protected ] >
VERSION
Maintainer : Larry Wall < [ email protected ] > Date : 4 Jun 2002 Last Modified : 18 May 2006 Number : 5 Version : 7
This is the Apocalypse on Pattern Matching , generally having to do with what we call " regular expressions " , which are only marginally related to real regular expressions .
Nevertheless , the term has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines , so I 'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here .
I will , however , generally call them " regexes " ( or " regexen " , when I 'm in an Anglo - Saxon mood ) .
Here are the RFCs covered in this Apocalypse .
PSA stands for " problem , solution , acceptance " , my private rating of how this RFC will fit into Perl 6 .
Doubtless I have misclassified your RFC , though the other ratings are pretty accurate . :-)
RFC PSA Title --- --- ----- 072 aaa Variable - length lookbehind .
093 abb Regex : Support for incremental pattern matching 110 bbb counting matches 112 acc Assignment within a regex 135 acr Require explicit m on matches , even with ?? and // as delimiters .
144 aaa Behavior of empty regex should be simple 145 acr Brace - matching for Perl Regular Expressions 150 acc Extend regex syntax to provide for return of a hash of matched subpatterns 156 aaa Replace first match function ( C < ?...?>) with a flag to the match command .
164 ccr Replace =~ , !~ , m// , s/// , and tr// with match ( ) , subst ( ) , and trade ( ) 165 acc Allow Variables in tr/// 166 abc
Alternative lists and quoting of things 191 bbc smart container slicing 197 cdr Numeric Value Ranges In Regular Expressions 198 adr Boolean Regexes 261 dbr Pattern matching on perl values 274 acc Generalised Additions to Regexs 276 aaa Localising Paren Counts in qr ( ) s. 308 dar Ban Perl hooks into regexes 316 bcr Regex modifier for support of chunk processing and prefix matching 317 aaa Access to optimisation information for regular expressions 331 acc Consolidate the $ 1 and \ 1 notations 332 abc Regex : Make / $/ equivalent to /\z / under the ' / s ' modifier 348 bcc Regex assertions in plain Perl code 360 acb Allow multiply matched groups in regexes to return a listref of all matches 361 abb Simplifying split ( )
Interestingly , there were no withdrawn RFCs for pattern matching .
That means either that there were no cork - brained ideas proposed , or that regex culture is so cork - brained already that the cork - brained ideas blend right in .
I know where my money is ... :-)
In fact , regular expression culture is a mess , and I share some of the blame for making it that way .
Since my mother always told me to clean up my own messes , I suppose I 'll have to do just that .
For prior Apocalypses , I 've used the RFCs as a springboard for discussion of my thinking , but this one is special , because none of the RFCs were courageous enough ( or foolhardy enough ) to look at the big picture and propose radical change where it 's needed .
But Perl has often been tagged as a language in which it 's easy to write programs that are difficult to read , and it's no secret that regular expression syntax that has been the chief culprit .
Funny that other languages have been borrowing Perl 's regular expressions as fast as they can ...
That 's primarily because we took several large steps in Perl 5 to enhance regex capabilities .
We took one large step forwards with the /x option , which allowed whitespace between regex tokens .
But we also took several large steps sideways with the ( ?...) extension syntax .
I call them steps sideways , but they were simultaneously steps forward in terms of functionality and steps backwards in terms of readability .
At the time , I rationalized it all in the name of backward compatibility , and perhaps that approach was correct for that time and place .
It 's not correct now , since the Perl 6 approach is to break everything that needs breaking all at once .
And unfortunately , there 's a lot of regex culture that needs breaking .
Regex culture has gone wrong in a variety of ways , but it 's not my intent to assign blame -- there 's plenty of blame to go around , and plenty of things that have gone wrong that are nobody 's fault in particular .
For example , it 's nobody 's fault that you can't realistically complement a character set anymore .
It 's just an accident of the way Unicode defines combining characters .
The whole notion of character classes is mutating , and that will have some bearing on the future of regular expression syntax .
Given all this , I need to warn you that this Apocalypse is going to be somewhat radical .
We 'll be proposing changes to certain " sacred " features of regex culture , and this is guaranteed to result in future shock for some of our more conservative citizens .
Do not be alarmed .
We will provide ways for you to continue programming in old - fashioned regular expressions if you desire .
But I hope that once you 've thought about it a little and worked through some examples , you 'll like most of the changes we 're proposing here .
So although the RFCs did contribute greatly to my thinking for this Apocalypse , I 'm going to present my own vision first for where regex culture should go , and then analyze the RFCs with respect to that vision .
First , let me enumerate some of the things that are wrong with current regex culture .
Too much history
Too compact and " cute "
Poor Huffman coding
Too much reliance on too few metacharacters
Different things look too similar
Poor end - weight design
Too much reliance on modifiers
Too many special rules and boobytraps
Backreferences not useful enough
Too hard to match a literal string
Two - level interpretation is problematic
Too little abstraction
Little support for named captures
Difficult to use nested patterns
Little support for grammars
Inability to define variants
Poor integration with " real " language
Missing backtracking controls
Difficult to define assertions
I 'm sure there are other problems , but that 'll do for starters .
Let 's look at each of these in more detail .
Too much history
Most of the other problems stem from trying to deal with a rich history .
Now there 's nothing wrong with history per se , but those of us who are doomed to repeat it find that many parts of history are suboptimal and contradictory .
Perl has always tried to err on the side of incorporating as much history as possible , and sometimes Perl has succeeded in that endeavor .
Cultural continuity has much to be said for it , but what can you do when the culture you 're trying to be continuous with is itself discontinuous ?
As it says in Ecclesiastes , there 's a time to build up , and a time to tear down .
The first five versions of Perl mostly built up without tearing down , so now we 're trying to redress that omission .
Too compact and " cute "
Regular expressions were invented by computational linguists who love to write examples like / aa *b *( cd ) *ee / .
While these are conducive to reasoning about pattern matching in the abstract , they are n't so good for pattern matching in the concrete .
In real life , most atoms are longer than " a " or " b " .
In real life , tokens are more recognizable if they are separated by whitespace .
In the abstract , /a+/ is reducible to / aa*/ .
In real life , nobody wants to repeat a 15 character token merely to satisfy somebody 's idea of theoretical purity .
So we have shortcuts like the + quantifier to say " one or more " .
Now , you may rightly point out that + is something we already have , and we already introduced / x to allow whitespace , so why is this bullet point here ?
Well , there 's a lot of inertia in culture , and the problem with /x is that it's not the default , so people do n't think to turn it on when it would probably do a lot of good .
The culture is biased in the wrong direction .
Whitespace around tokens should be the norm , not the exception .
It should be acceptable to use whitespace to separate tokens that could be confused .
It should not be considered acceptable to define new constructs that contain a plethora of punctuation , but we 've become accustomed to constructs like ( ?<=...) and ( ??{...} ) and [ \r
\ck\p{Zl}\p{Zp} ] , so we do n't complain .
We 're frogs who are getting boiled in a pot full of single - character morphemes , and we do n't notice .
Poor Huffman coding
Huffman invented a method of data compaction in which common characters are represented by a small number of bits , and rarer characters are represented by more bits .
The principle is more general , however , and language designers would do well to pay attention to the " other " Perl slogan :
Easy things should be easy , and hard things should be possible .
However , we have n't always taken our own advice .
Consider those two regex constructs we just saw :
(?<=... ) (??{...})
Which one do you think is likely to be the most common in everyday use ?
Guess which one is longer ...
There are many examples of poor Huffman coding in current regexes .
Consider these :
(... ) (?:...)
Is it really the case that grouping is rarer than capturing ?
And by two gobbledygooky character 's worth ?
Likewise there are many constructs that are the same length that should n't be :
( ?:... ) (?#...)
Grouping is much more important than the ability to embed a comment .
Yet they 're the same length currently .
Too much reliance on too few metacharacters
A lot of our Huffman troubles came about because we were trying to shoehorn new capabilities into an old syntax without breaking anything .
The ( ?...) construct succeeded at that goal , but it was new wine in old wineskins , as they say .
More successful was the *?
minimal matching hack , but it 's still symptomatic of the problem that we only had three characters to choose from that would have worked at that point in the grammar .
We 've pretty nearly exhausted the available backslash sequences .
The waterbed theory of linguistic complexity says that if you push down one place , it goes up somewhere else .
If you arbitrarily limit yourself to too few metacharacters , the complexity comes out somewhere else .
So it seems obvious to me that the way out of this mess is to grab a few more metacharacters .
And the metacharacters I want to grab are ... well , we 'll see in a moment .
Different things look too similar
Consider these constructs :
(??{...} ) (?{...} ) (?#... ) (?:... ) (?i:... ) (?=... ) (?!... ) (?<=... ) (?<!... ) (?>... ) (?(...)...|...)
These all look quite similar , but some of them do radically different things .
In particular , the ( ?<...) does not mean the opposite of the ( ?>...) .
The underlying visual problem is the overuse of parentheses , as in Lisp .
Programs are more readable if different things look different .
Poor end - weight design
In linguistics , the notion of end - weight is the idea that people tend to prefer sentences where the short things come first and the long things come last .
That minimizes the amount of stuff you have to remember while you 're reading or listening .
Perl violates this with regex modifiers .
It 's okay when you say something short like this :
s/foo/bar/g
But when you say something like we find in RFC 360 :
it 's not until you read the / sigx at the end that you know how to read the regex .
This actually causes problems for the Perl 5 parser , which has to defer parsing the regular expression till it sees the /x , because that changes how whitespace and comments work .
Too much reliance on modifiers
The /s modifier in the previous example changes the meaning of the .
metacharacter .
We could , in fact , do away with the /s modifier entirely if we only had two different representations for " any character " , one of which matched a newline , and one which did n't .
A similar argument applies to the /m modifier .
The whole notion of something outside the regex changing the meaning of the regex is just a bit bogus , not because we 're afraid of context sensitivity , but because we need to have better control within the regex of what we mean , and in this case the context supplied outside the regex is not precise enough .
( Perl 5 has a way to control the inner contexts , but it uses the self - obfuscating ( ?...) notation . )
Modifiers that control how the regex is used as a whole do make some sense outside the regex .
But they still have the end - weight problem .
Too many special rules and boobytraps
Without knowing the context , you cannot know what the pattern // will do .
It might match a null string , or it might match the previously successful match .
The local operator behaves differently inside regular expressions than it does outside .
It 's too easy to write a null pattern accidentally .
For instance , the following will never match anything but the null string :
/ | foo | bar | baz /x
Even when it 's intentional , it may not look intentional :
( a|b|c | )
That 's hard to read because it 's difficult to make the absence of something visible .
It 's too easy to confuse the multiple meanings of dot .
Or the multiple meanings of ^ , and $ .
And the opposite of \ A is frequently not \Z , but \z .
Tell me again , when do I say \1 , and when do I say $ 1 ?
Why are they different ?
Backreferences not useful enough
Speaking of \ 1 , backreferences have a number of shortcomings .
The first is actually getting ahold of the right backreference .
Since captures are numbered from the beginning , you have to count , and you can easily count wrong .
For many purposes it would be better if you could ask for the last capture , or the one before that .
Or perhaps if there were a way to restart the numbering part way through ...
Another major problem with backreferences is that you can't easily modify one to search for a variant .
Suppose you match an opening parenthesis , bracket , or curly .
You 'll like to search for everything up to the corresponding closing parenthesis , bracket , or curly , but there 's no way to transmogrify the opening version to the closing version , because the backref search is hardwired independently of ordinary variable matching .
And that 's because Perl does n't instantiate $ 1 soon enough .
And that 's because Perl relies on variable interpolation to get subexpressions into regexes .
Which leads us to ...
Too hard to match a literal string
Since regexes undergo an interpolation pass before they 're compiled , anything you interpolate is forced to be treated as a regular expression .
Often that 's not what you want , so we have the klunky \ Q$ string \E mechanism to hide regex metacharacters .
And that 's because ...
Two - level interpretation is problematic
The problem with \ Q$ string \E arises because of the fundamental mistake of using interpolation to build regexes instead of letting the regex control how it treats the variables it references .
Regexes are n't strings , they 're programs .
Or , rather , they 're strings only in the sense that any piece of program is a string .
Just as you have to work to eval a string as a program , you should have to work to eval a string as a regular expression .
Most people tend to expect a variable in a regular expression to match its contents literally .
Perl violates that expectation .
And because it violates that expectation , we can't make $ 1 synonymous with \ 1 .
And interpolated parentheses throw off the capture count , so you can't easily use interpolation to call subrules , so we invented ( ??{ $ var} ) to get around that .
But then you can't actually get at the parentheses captured by the subrule .
The ramifications go on and on .
Too little abstraction
Historically , regular expressions were considered a very low - level language , a kind of glorified assembly language for the regex engine .
When you 're only dealing with ASCII , there is little need for abstraction , since the shortest way to say [ a - z ] is just that .
With the advent of the eighth bit , we started getting into a little bit of trouble , and POSIX started thinking about names like [ : alpha : ] to deal with locale difficulties .
But as with the problem of conciseness , the culture was still biased away from naming abstractly anything that could be expressed concretely .
However , it 's almost impossible to write a parser without naming things , because you have to be able to name the separate grammar rules so that the various rules can refer to each other .
It 's difficult to deal with any subset of Unicode without naming it .
These days , if you see [ a - z ] in a program , it 's probably an outright bug .
It 's much better to use a named character property so that your program will work right in areas that do n't just use ASCII .
Even where we do allow names , it tends to be awkward because of the cultural bias against it .
To call a subrule by name in Perl 5 you have to say this :
(??{$ rule} )
That has 4 or 5 more characters than it ought to .
Dearth of abstraction produces bad Huffman coding .
Little support for named captures
Make that " no support " in Perl , unless you include assignment to a list .
This is just a part of the bias against naming things .
Instead we are forced to number our capturing parens and count .
That works okay for the top - level regular expression , when we can do list assignment or assign $ 1 to $ foo .
But it breaks down as soon as you start trying to use nested regexes .
It also breaks down when the capturing parentheses match more than once .
Perl handles this currently by returning only the last match .
This is slightly better than useless , but not by much .
Difficult to use nested patterns
For many of the reasons we 've mentioned , it 's difficult to make regexes refer to each other , and even if you do , it 's almost impossible to get the nested information back out of them .
And there are entire classes of parsing problems that are not solvable without recursive definitions .
Little support for grammars
Even if it were easier for regexes to refer to other regexes , we 'd still have the problem that those other regexes are n't organized in any meaningful way .
They might be off in variables that come and go at the whim of the surrounding context .
When we have an organized system of parsing rules , we call it a grammar .
One advantage of having a grammar is that you can optimize based on the assumption that the rules maintain their relationship to each other .
For instance , if you think of grammar rules as a funny kind of subroutine , you can write an optimizer to inline some of the subrules -- but only if you know the subrule is fixed in the grammar .
Without support for grammar classes , there 's no decent way to think of deriving one grammar from another .
And if you can't derive one grammar from another , you can't easily evolve your language to handle new kinds of problems .
Inability to define variants
If we want to have variant grammars for Perl dialects , then what about regex dialects ?
Can regexes be extended either at compile time or at run time ?
Perl 5 has some rudimentary overloading magic for rewriting regex strings , but that 's got the same problems as source filters for Perl code ; namely that you just get the raw regex source text and have to parse it yourself .
Once again the fundamental assumption is that a regex is a funny kind of string , existing only at the behest of the surrounding program .
Do we think of regexes as a real , living language ?
Poor integration with rich languages
Let 's face it , in the culture of computing , regex languages are mostly considered second - class citizens , or worse .
" Real " languages like C and C++ will exploit regexes , but only through a strict policy of apartheid .
Regular expressions are our servants or slaves ; we tell them what to do , they go and do it , and then they come back to say whether they succeeded or not .
At the other extreme , we have languages like Prolog or Snobol where the pattern matching is built into the very control structure of the language .
These languages do n't succeed in the long run because thinking about that kind of control structure is rather difficult in actual fact , and one gets tired of doing it constantly .
The path to freedom is not to make everyone a slave .
However , I would like to think that there is some happy medium between those two extremes .
Coming from a C background , Perl has historically treated regexes as servants .
True , Perl has treated them as trusted servants , letting them move about in Perl society better than any other C - like language to date .
Nevertheless , if we emancipate regexes to serve as co-equal control structures , and if we can rid ourselves of the regexist attitudes that many of us secretly harbor , we 'll have a much more productive society than we currently do .
We need to empower regexes with a sense of control ( structure ) .
It needs to be just as easy for a regex to call Perl code as it is for Perl code to call a regex .
Missing backtracking controls
Perl 5 started to give regexes more control of their own destiny with the " grab " construct , ( ?>... ) , which tells the regex engine that when it fails to match the rest of the pattern , it should not backtrack into the innards of the grab , but skip back to before it .
That 's a useful notion , but there are problems .
First , the notation sucks , but you knew that already .
Second , it does n't go far enough .
There 's no way to backtrack out of just the current grouping .
There 's no way to backtrack out of just the current rule .
Both of these are crucial for giving first - class status to the control flow of regexes .
Difficult to define assertions
Notionally , a regex is an organization of assertions that either succeed or fail .
Some assertions are easily expressed in traditional regex language , while others are more easily expressed in a procedural language like Perl .
The natural ( but wrong ) solution is to try to reinvent Perl expressions within regex language .
So , for instance , I 'm rejecting those RFCs that propose special assertion syntax for numerics or booleans .
The better solution is to make it easier to embed Perl assertions within regexes .
Brave New World
I 've just made a ton of negative assertions about the current state of regex culture .
Now I 'd like you to perform a cool mental trick and turn all those negatives assertions into positive assertions about what I 'm going to say , because I 'm not intending to give the rationale again , but just present the design as it stands .
Damian will discuss an extended example in his Exegesis 5 , which will show the big picture of how these various features work together to produce a much more readable whole .
So anyway , here 's what 's new .
Metacharacter Reform
Some things stay the same : (... ) captures text just as it did before , and the quantifiers * , + , and ?
are also unchanged .
The vertical bar | still separates alternatives .
The backslash \ still protects the following character from its ordinary interpretation .
The ?
suffix character still does minimal matching .
( Note that these are by far the most commonly used metacharacters , so many ordinary regexes will look nearly identical in Perl 5 and Perl 6 . )
Since /x extended syntax is now the default , # is now always a metacharacter indicating a comment , and whitespace is now always " meta " .
Whitespace is now the standard way to separate regex tokens that would otherwise be confused as a single token .
Even in character classes , whitespace is not taken literally any more .
Backwhack the space if you mean it literally , or use < sp > , or \040 , or \x20 , or \ c [ SPACE ] .
But speaking of character classes ...
Perhaps the most radical change is that I 've taken [...] away from character classes and made it the non-capturing grouping operator , because grouping is more fundamental than character classes , and explicit character classes are becoming less common than named character classes .
( You can still do character classes , just not with bare square brackets . )
I 've also stolen {...} from generalized quantifiers and made them into closure delimiters .
( Use < n , m > for the generalized quantifier now . )
[ Update : The generalized quantifier is now **{n..m} .]
I 've stolen three new metacharacters .
The new extensible metasyntax for assertions uses angle brackets , <...> .
And the colon : is now used for declaration and backtracking control .
( Recall Larry 's 2nd Law of Language Redesign : Larry gets the colon . )
The colon always introduces a token that controls the meaning of what is around it .
The nature of the token depends on what follows the colon .
Both the colon syntax and angle syntax are extensible .
( Backslash syntax is also extensible . )
This may sound like we 're complexifying things , but we 're really simplifying .
We now have the following regex invariants :
(...) # always delimits a capturing group [...]
# always delimits a non-capturing group {...} # always delimits a closure <...>
# always delimits an assertion :... # always introduces a metasyntactic token
( Note that we 're using " assertion " here in the broad sense of anything that either matches or fails , whether or not it has a width . )
[ Update : We now also have <?...> for non-capturing assertions . ]
The nature of the angle assertion is controlled by the first character inside it .
If the first character is alphabetic , it 's a grammatical assertion , and the entire first word controls the meaning .
The word is first looked up in the current grammar , if any .
If not found there , it is checked to see if it is one of the built - in grammar rules such as those defined by the Unicode property classes .
If the first character is not alphabetic , there will be special rules in the current grammar or in the Perl grammar for looking up the parse rule .
For instance , by default , any assertion that begins with !
is simply negated .
Assertions that start with a digit are assumed to be a range assertion ( < n , m > ) regarding the previous atom .
( Taking the last two together , you can say <!n , m > to exclude a range . )
Assertions that start with $ , @ , % , or & are assumed to interpolate an indirect regex rule stored in a variable or returned by a subroutine .
An assertion that starts with a parenthesis is a closure being used as an assertion .
An assertion that starts with a square bracket or another angle bracket is a character class .
An assertion that starts with a quote asserts the match of a literal string .
And so on .
[ Update :
If the inside character is an angle bracket , then a corresponding number of angles must close the construct . ]
Some metacharacters are still used but have a slightly different meaning , in part to get rid of the /s and /m modifiers , and in part because most strings in Perl 6 will come from the filehandle pre-chomped .
So anchors ^ and $ now always mean the real beginning and ending of the string .
Use ^^ and $ $ to match the beginnings and endings of lines within a string .
( They 're doubled because they 're " fancier " , because they can match in multiple places , and because they 'll be rarer , so Huffman says they should be longer . )
The ^^ and $ $ also match where ^ and $ would .
[ Update :
If the string ends with a newline , the null string following it is not considered a line .
So neither ^^ nor $ $ match after a final newline .
In other words , $ $ matches at $ only if there is " extra " text there not terminated by a newline . ]
The dot .
now always matches any character including newline .
( Use \N to match a non-newline .
Or better , use an autochomping filehandle , if you 're processing line - by - line . )
In a sense , the sigils $ , @ , % , and & are different metacharacters because they do n't interpolate , but are now subject to the interpretation of the regex engine .
This allows us to change the default behavior of ordinary " interpolation " to a literal match , and also lets us put in lvalue - ish constructs like :
/ $ name := ( \S+ ) / / @kids := [ ( \S+ ) \s + ]* / / %pets := [ ( \S+ ) \ : ( \S+ ) \s + ]* /
( Notice also the delicate interplay of quantified non-capturing brackets with capturing parens , particularly for gathering multiple values or even multiple key / value pairs . )
Here are some of the metacharacter differences in table form :
Old New --- --- / pat pat # text / pat pat # text pat / x pat / # Look Ma , no /x ! / patpat (?# text ) / / pat pat < ( ' text ' ) >/ # can always use whitespace / pat pat / / pat\ pat / # match whitespace literally / pat \s * pat / # or generically / pat \h* pat / # or horizontally / pat <' '> pat / # or as a literal string / pat < sp > pat / # or by explicit rule /:w pat pat / # or by implicit rule / ^pat$ / / ^pat
?$/ # ^ and $ mean string / ^pat$ / m / ^^pat$ $ / # no more / m /\A...( ^pat$ ) *...\z/ m /^...( ^^pat $ $ ) *...$/ # no more \ A or \z /.*
/ /\N*
/ # \N is negated
/.*?
/ # this still works /.*/s /.*/ # . always matches " any " \ Q$ string \E $ string # interpret literally ( ?{ code } ) { code } # call code , ignore return { code or fail } # use code as an assertion ( ??{ $ rule} ) < $ var > # call $ var as regex < name > # call rule from current grammar
[ Update : Follows ordinary SMD rules , so grammar rules take precedence over lexical rules , which are n't seen unless SMD fails over to MMD . ]
< Other : : rule > # call rule from some Other grammar < * rule > # bypass local rule to call built - in < @array > # call array of alternate rules < % hash > # parse keyword as key to rule < @array [ 1 ] >
# call a rule from an array < %hash { " x " } >
# call a rule from a hash < &sub ( 1,2,3 ) >
# call a rule returned by a sub <{ code }> # call return value as anonymous rule <( code ) > # call code as boolean assertion < name ( expr ) > # call rule , passing Perl args { .name ( expr ) } # same thing .
< $ var ( expr ) > # call rule indirectly by name { .$ var ( expr ) } # same thing .
< name pat > # call rule , passing regex arg { .name ( / pat / ) } # same thing .
# maybe ... < name : text > # call rule , passing string { .name ( q < text > ) } # same thing .
[ \040 \t\p{Zs} ] \h # horizontal whitespace [ \r
\ck\p{Zl}\p{Zp} ] \v # vertical whitespace [ a - z ] < [ a -z ] >
# equivalently non-international
[ Update : That 's now < [ a..z ] > . ]
< alpha > # more international [ [ : alpha : ] [ : digit : ] ] << alpha >< digit >>
# POSIX classes are built - in rules
[ Update : That must now be written <+< alpha > +< digit > > , or it will be mistaken for <<...>> , which does n't work too well . ]
[ Update : Actually , that 's now written <+alpha+digit > , avoiding the mistaken impression entirely . ]
{n , m} < n , m > # assert repeat count
[ Update : Is now **{n..m} . ]
{ $n , $m} < $n , $m > # indirect repeat counts
[ Update : Is now **{$ n..$m} . ]
(?>.*) [.*] : # do n't backtrack through [.*] .*: # brackets not necessary on atom (.* ) : # same , but capture < xyz > : # do n't backtrack into subrule : # skip previous atom when backtracking :: # fail all |'s when backtracking ::: # fail current rule when backtracking := # bind a name to following atom my ( $x ) = /(.*) / my $ x ; / $x := (.*) / # may now bind it inside regex ( ? i ) :i # ignore case in the following : ignorecase # same thing , self - documenting form ( ?i:... ) [ : i ...] # can limit scope without capture ( : i ... ) # can limit scope with capture
Declarations like :i are lexically scoped and do not pass to any subrules .
Each rule maintains its own sensitivity .
There is no built - in operator to turn case ignorance back off -- just call a different rule and it 's automatically case sensitive again .
( If you want a parameterized subrule , that can be arranged .
It 's just a method , after all .
Proof of this assertion is left to future generations of hackers . )
[ Update : Actually , you can turn :i off with :! i now . ]
Backslash Reform
There are some changes to backslash sequences .
Character properties \p and \ P are no longer needed -- predefined character classes are just considered intrinsic grammar rules .
( You can negate any <...> assertion by using <!...> instead . )
As mentioned in a previous Apocalypse , the \L , \ U , and \Q sequences no longer use \ E to terminate -- they now require bracketing characters of some sort .
And \Q will rarely be needed due to regex policy changes .
In fact , they may all go away since it 's easy to say things like :
$ ( lc $ foo )
[ Update : And in fact , they did all go away . ]
[ Update : $ ( ) is gone for that meaning , so you have to say < {lc $ foo} > or some such . ]
For any bracketing construct , square brackets are preferred , but others are allowed :
\x [ ...] # preferred , indicates simple bracketing \x ( ... ) # okay , but does n't capture .
\x{...} # okay , but is n't a closure .
\x <...> # okay , but is n't an assertion
The \c sequence is now a bracketing construct , having been extended from representing control characters to any named character .
Backreferences such as \ 1 are gone in favor of the corresponding variable $ 1 .
\ A , \Z , and \z are gone with the disappearance of /s and / m .
The position assertion \ G is gone in favor of a :c modifier that forces continuation from where the last match left off .
That 's because \G was almost never used except at the front of a regex .
In the unlikely event that you want to assert that you 're at the old final position elsewhere in your regex , you can always test the current position ( via the .pos method ) with an assertion :
$ oldpos = pos $ string ; $ string =~ m/... <( .pos == $ oldpos ) > .../;
[ Update : There 's now an < at ( $oldpos ) > assertion for that .
And the assertion syntax changed from <(... ) > to <?{...}> .]
You may be thinking of .pos as the final position of the previous match , but that 's not what it is .
It 's the current position of the current match .
It 's just that , between matches , the current position of the current match happens to be the same as the final position of the current match , which happens to be the last match , which happens to be done .
But as soon as you start another match , the last match is no longer the current match .
Note that the :c continuation is needed only on constructs that ordinarily force the search to start from the beginning .
Subrules automatically continue at the current location , since their initial position is controlled by some other rule .
[ Update : There 's also a :p that is like :c but anchors the next chunk to the starting position , so it 's good for parsers . ]
There are two new backslash sequences , \h and \v , which match horizontal and vertical whitespace respectively , including Unicode spacing characters and control codes .
Note that \r is considered vertical even though it theoretically moves the carriage sideways .
Finally ,
matches a logical newline , which is not necessarily a linefeed character on all architectures .
After all , that 's why it 's an " n " , not an " l " .
Your program should not break just because you happened to run it on a file from a partition mounted from a Windows machine .
( Within an interpolated string ,
still produces whatever is the normal newline for the current architecture . )
Old New --- --- \x0a \x0a # same \x {263a} \x263a # brackets required only if ambiguous \x {263a}abc \x [ 263a ] abc # brackets required only if ambiguous \ 0123 \ 0123 # same ( no ambiguity with $ 123 now ) \ 0123 \ 0 [ 123 ] # can use brackets here too \p{prop} < prop > # properties are just grammar rules \ P{prop} <! prop >
[ Update : That 's < - prop > now , since <! prop > would be a zero - width assertion . ]
[ \040 \t\p {Zs} ] \h # horizontal whitespace space \h # not exact , but often more correct [ \r
\ck\p{Zl}\p{Zp} ] \v # vertical whitespace \ Qstring \E \ q[ string ] <' string with spaces '> # match literal string <' '> # match literal space \ E gone # use \ Q [ ...] instead
[ Update : \ Q [ ...] is also gone .
Use <{quotemeta ...} > .]
\ A ^ # ^ now invariant \a \ c [ BEL ] # alarm ( bell ) \Z
?$ # clearer \z $ # $ now invariant \G <( .pos == $ oldpos ) >
# match at particular position # typically just use m:c/ pat /
[ Update : Or m:p/ pat / . ]
\ N{CENT SIGN} \ c [ CENT SIGN ] # named character \ c [ \e # escape \cX \ c [ ^X ] # control char
\ c[LF ] # specifically a linefeed \ x0a\x0d \ x [ 0a;0d ] # CRLF \x0a\x0d \ c [ CR;LF ] # CRLF ( conjectural ) \ C [ :u0 .] # forced byte in utf8 ( dangerous )
[ Update : The Unicode levels are now specified by : bytes , : codes , : graphs , and : langs , not by numeric level . ]
[ ^\N [ CENT SIGN ] ] \ C[ CENT SIGN ] # match any char but CENT SIGN \ Q$var \E $var # always assumed literal , \ 1 $ 1 # so $ 1 is literal backref / $ 1 / my $ old1 = $ 1 ; / $ old1 / # must use temporary here \r ?
#
asserts logical newline [ ^
] \N # not a logical newline \ C[ LF ] # not a linefeed [ ^\t ] \T # not a tab ( these are conjectural ) [ ^\r ] \ R # not a return [ ^\f ] \F # not a form feed [ ^\e ] \ E # not an escape [ ^\x 1B ] \ X1B # not specified hex char [ ^\x {263a} ] \ X [ 263a ] # not a Unicode SMILEY \X <.> # a grapheme ( combining char seq ) [ : u2 . ] #
At level 2 + , dot means grapheme
[ Update : That 's : graphs now . ]
Under level 2 Unicode support , a character is assumed to mean a grapheme , that is , a sequence consisting of a base character followed by 0 or more combining characters .
That not only affects the meaning of the .
character , but also any negated character , since a negated character is really a negative lookahead assertion followed by the traversal of a single character .
For instance , \N really means :
[ <! before
> . ]
So it does n't really matter how many characters
actually matches .
\ N always matches a single character -- whatever that is ...
Modifier Reform
You can't use colon for a regex delimiter any more .
That 's because regex modifiers may now be placed in front of a regex construct :
s:w:i:e / foo/bar/ # : words :ignorecase :each
That can also be written :
s /:w:i:e foo / bar / # : words :ignorecase :each
Single character modifiers may be bundled like this :
s:wie / foo/bar/ # : words :ignorecase : each
[ Update : Bundling is no longer allowed .
Whitespace is allowed . ]
... but only if the sequence as a whole is not already defined as a long modifier , since ambiguity will be resolved in favor of the long modifier .
Long modifiers may not be bundled with any other modifier .
So this is legal :
s:once:wie /foo/bar/
[ Update : Not any more . ]
but not these ( unless you 've defined them ) :
s:wieonce / foo/ bar / s:oncewie /foo/bar/
Not only is colon disallowed as a regex delimiter , but you may no longer use parentheses as the delimiters either .
This will allow us to parameterize modifiers :
s:myoption ( $x ) / foo/ bar /
This rule also allows us to differentiate s/// from an s( ) function , tr /// from tr( ) , etc .
If you want matching brackets for the delimiters I 'd suggest that you use square brackets , since they now mean grouping without capturing .
[ Update : Parens may be used for delimiters as long as they are not adjacent to the final option .
They may be separated with whitespace . ]
Several modifiers , /x , /s , and /m , are no longer needed and have been retired .
It 's unclear whether /o is necessary any more .
We will assume it 's gone unless it 's shown that caching can't handle the problem .
Note that the regex now has more control over when to cache subrules because it is no longer subject to the vagaries of standard interpolation .
The old / c modifier is gone because regexes never reset the position on failure any more .
To do that , set $ string .pos = 0 explicitly .
But note also that assigning to a string automatically resets its position to 0 , so any string in your typical loop is going to start with its current search position already set 0 .
Modifying a string in place causes the position to move to the end of the replacement section by default , if the position was within the span replaced .
( This is consistent with s/// semantics . )
The /e modifier is also gone , since it did reverse parsing magic , and :e will be short for : each -- see below .
It 's still easy to substitute the value of an expression though :
s / pat /$( code ) / ;
or even
s ( / pat / , { code } ) ;
[ Update : : each is gone , and we 're back to : global and :g to stay with common culture .
Since the early meaning of $ ( ) is also gone , just interpolate code using a closure : s / pat / { code }/ . ]
There 's a new modifier , : once , that causes a match to succeed only once ( like the old ?...? construct ) .
To reset it , use the .reset method on the regex object .
( If you have n't named the regex object , too bad ... )
Another new modifier is :w , which causes an implicit match of whitespace wherever there 's literal whitespace in a pattern .
In other words , it replaces every sequence of actual whitespace in the pattern with a \s+ ( between two identifiers ) or a \s* ( between anything else ) .
So
m:w/ foo bar \ : ( baz )*/
really means ( expressed in Perl 5 form ) :
m:p5/\s*foo\s+bar\s*:( \s*baz\s*)*/
[ Update :
The modifier is currently : sigspace , or :s for short .
The optional whitespace is actually matched by the < ? ws > rule , which you can redefine to change the semantics of your significant spaces . ]
You can still control the handling of whitespace under :w , since we extend the rule to say that any explicit whitespace - matching token can't match whitespace implicitly on either side .
So :
m:w/ foo\ bar \h* \ : ( baz ) * /
really means ( expressed in Perl 5 form ) :
m:p5/\s*foo bar [ \040\t\p{Zs} ]*:\s * ( baz ) */
The first space in
/[ :w foo bar ] /
matches \s* before " foo " .
That 's usually what you want , but if it 's not what you want , you have a little problem .
Unfortunately you can't just say :
/[ : wfoo bar ] /
That wo n't work because it 'll look for the : wfoo modifier .
However , there are several ways to get the effect you want :
/[ :w( ) foo bar ] / /[:w[ ] foo bar ] / /[:w\bfoo bar ] / /[:w:: foo bar ]/
That last one is just our friend the :: operator in disguise .
If you backtrack into it , you 're leaving the brackets anyway , so it 's essentially a no -op .
The new :c / : cont modifier forces the regex to continue at the current " pos " of the string .
It may only be used outside the regex .
( Well , it could be used inside but it'd be redundant . )
The modifier also forces the regex to match only the next available thing .
That 's not quite the same as the ^ anchor , though , because it not only disables the implicit scanning done by m// and s/// , but it also works on more than the first iteration .
It forces all matches to be contiguous , in other words .
So :c is short for both " continue " and " contiguous " .
If you say
$ _ = " foofoofoo foofoofoo " ; s:each:cont/foo/FOO / ;
you get :
FOOFOOFOO foofoofoo
This may seem odd , but it 's precisely the semantics of any embedded regex :
$ _ = " foofoofoo foofoofoo " ; $rx = rx / foo / ; m/< $rx >*/; # matches " foofoofoo "
[ Update : Now we use :p / : pos to get contiguous semantics .
The :c / : continue modifier starts scanning again each time , so when used with : global it really only influences where the first match is found . ]
A modifier that starts with a number causes the pattern to match that many times .
It may only be used outside the regex .
It may not be bundled , because ordinals are distinguished from cardinals .
That is , how it treats those multiple matches depends on the next character .
If you say
s:3x / foo/ bar /
then it changes the first 3 instances .
But if you say
s:3rd / foo/ bar /
it changes only the 3rd instance .
You can say
s:1st / foo/ bar /
but that 's just the default , and should not be construed as equivalent to : once , which matches only once , ever .
( Unless you .reset it , of course . )
You can combine cardinals and ordinals :
s:3x:3rd / foo/ bar /
That changes the 3rd , 6th , and 9th occurrences .
To change every other quote character , say
s:each : 2nd /" /\&rquot ;/ ;
: each is synonymous with :3 x ( for large values of 3 ) .
Note that : each does not , in fact , generate every possible match , because it disallows overlaps .
To get every possible match , use the : any modifier .
Saying :
$ _ = " abracadabra " ; @all = m:any / a[ ^a ] +a/ ;
produces :
abra aca ada abra
It can even match multiple times at the same spot as long as the rest of the regex progresses somehow .
Saying :
@all = m:any /a.*?a/;
produces :
abra abraca abracada abracadabra aca acada acadabra ada adabra abra
If you say
$ sentence.m:any /^ < english > $ /
you 'll get every possible parsing of the sentence according to the rules of english ( not to be confused with the rules of English , which are already confusing enough , except when they are n't ) .
[ Update : : any has been replaced with :overlap and : exhaustive to differentiate the cases of wanting one solution at each position from wanting all solutions at every position . ]
To indicate varying levels of Unicode support we have these modifiers , which may be used either inside or outside a regex :
: u0 # use bytes (. is byte ) :u1 # level 1 support (. is codepoint ) :u2 # level 1 support (. is grapheme ) :u3 # level 1 support (. is language dependent )
These modifiers say nothing about the state of the data , but in general internal Perl data will already be in Normalization Form C , so even under :u1 , the precomposed characters will usually do the right thing .
Note that these modifiers are for overriding the default support level , which was probably set by pragma at the top of the file .
[ Update : Replaced with : bytes , : codes , : graphs , and :langs . ]
Finally , there 's the : p5 modifier , which causes the rest of the regex ( or group ) to be parsed as a Perl 5 regular expression , including any interpolated strings .
( But it still does n't enable Perl 5 's trailing modifiers . )
[ Update : Now spelled out : Perl5 or : P5 . ]
Old New --- --- ? pat ? m:once / pat/ # match once only / pat / i m:i/pat/ # ignorecase /:i pat/ # ignorecase / pat/x / pat/ # always extended / pat\s * pat / /:w pat pat / # match word sequence /(?i ) $ p5 pat / m:p5/(?i) $ p5 pat/ # use Perl 5 syntax $ n = ( ) = /.../g $ n = +/.../; # count occurrences for $ i ( 1..3 ) {s///} s:3/// ; # do 3 times / ^pat$ / m /^^pat$ $ / # no more / m /./s /./ # no more /s /./ /\N/ # . now works like /s
Keyword and Context Reform
Deferred regex rules are now defined with rx // rather than qr// , because a regular expression is no longer a kind of quoted string .
Actually , just as you can define closures without an explicit sub , any // or rx // declares a deferred regex if it's not in a context that executes it immediately .
A regex is executed automatically if it's in a boolean , numeric , or string context .
But assignment to an untyped variable is not such a context , nor is passing the regex as an untyped parameter to a function .
( Of course , an explicitly declared RULE parameter does n't provide an evaluating context either . )
So these are equivalent :
my $ foo = /.../; # create regex object my $ foo = rx [ ... ] ; # create regex object my $ foo = rule {...} ; # create regex object
Likewise , these are equivalent :
@x = split /.../ ; @x = split rx [ ... ] ; @x = split rule {...} ;
[ Update : Note that split supplies an implicit :c here . ]
The " rule " syntax is just a way of declaring a deferred regex as if it were a subroutine or method .
More on that later .
[ Update : " rule " is now split into " regex " , " token " , and " rule " .
See S05 . ]
To force an immediate evaluation of a deferred regex where it would n't ordinarily be , you can use the appropriate unary operator :
my $ foo = ?/.../; # boolean context , return whether matched , my $ foo = +/.../; # numeric context , return count of matches my $ foo = _/.../; # string context , return captured / matched string
[ Update : Unary _ is now unary ~ . ]
The standard match and substitution forms also force immediate evaluation regardless of context :
$ result = m /.../ ; # do match on topic string $ result = s/.../.../; # do substitution on topic string
These forms also force the regex to start matching at the beginning of the string in question and scan forward through the string for the match , as if there were an implicit .*? in front of every iteration .
( Both of these behaviors are suppressed if you use the :c / : cont modifier ) .
In contrast , the meaning of the deferred forms is dependent on context .
In particular , a deferred regex naturally assumes :c when used as a subrule .
That is , it continues where the last match left off , and the next thing has to match right there at the head of the string .
[ Update : A regex actually assumes :p semantics when used as a subrule .
And the long form of :c is : continue . ]
In any other context , including list context , a deferred regex is not immediately evaluated , but produces a reference to the regex object :
my $rx = /.../; # not evaluated my @foo = $rx ; # ERROR : type mismatch .
my @foo = ( $rx ) ; # One element , a regex object .
my @foo = ( /.../) ; #
Same thing .
my @foo := $ rx ; # Set autogrow rule for @foo .
To evaluate repeatedly in list context , treat the regex object as you would any other iterator :
my @foo = < $rx > ;
You can also use the more explicit form :
my @foo = m/< $rx >/ ;
Those are n't identical , since the former assumes :c and starts up at the current position of the unmentioned topic , while the latter explicitly resets the position to the beginning before scanning .
Also , since the deferred regex assumes a :c modifier , < $ rx > wo n't scan through the string like m// .
It can return multiple values to the list , but they have to be contiguous .
You can get the scanning effect of m// by prepending the pattern with .*? .
[ Update : Where the preceding paragraphs says :c read :p . ]
But it 's vitally important to understand this fundamental change , that // is no longer a short form of m// , but rather a short form of rx / / .
If you want to add modifiers to a // , you have to turn it into an rx // , not an m // .
It 's now wrong to call split like this :
split m/.../
( That is , it 's wrong unless you actually want the return value of the pattern match to be used as the literal split delimiter . )
The old ?...? syntax is gone .
Indeed , it has to go for us to get the unary ?
operator .
Old New --- --- ? pat ? m:once / pat/ qr// rx// rule { }
[ Update : The :once modifier is also gone .
You can write the equivalent using a state variable now . ]
Null String Reform
The null pattern is now illegal .
To match whatever you used to match with a null pattern , use one of these :
Old New --- --- // /< prior >/ # match what prior match did // /< null >/ # match the null string between chars ( a|b| ) ( a|b| < null > ) # match a null alternative
Note that , as an assertion , < null > always succeeds .
You never want to say :
/ < null > | single | double | triple | home run /
because you 'll never get to first base .
[ Update : now we just ignore the first | if there 's nothing before it so that you can say
[ | single | double | triple | home run ]
]
Extension Syntax Reform
There are no longer any ( ?...) sequences , because parens now always capture .
Some of the replacement sequences take their intrinsic scoping from <...> , while others are associated with other bracketing characters , or with any arbitrary atom that could be a bracketed construct .
Looking at the metasyntax problem from the perspective of a Perl5 - to - Perl6 translator , here 's what the various Perl 5 extension constructs translate to :
Old New --- --- (??{$ rule} ) < $rule > # call regex in variable ( ?{ code } ) { code } # call Perl code , ignore result (?#... ) <('...') >
# in - line comment , rarely needed ( ?:... ) [...] # non-capturing brackets ( ?=...) < before ...> # positive lookahead ( ?!... ) <! before ...> # negative lookahead ( ?<=...) < after ...> # positive lookbehind ( ?<!...) <! after ...> # negative lookbehind ( ?>... ) [...] : # grab ( any atom ) ( ?( cond ) yes|no ) [ cond :: yes | no ] ( ? ( 1)yes|no ) [ <( defined $ 1 ) > :: yes | no ]
The < $rule > construct does a " delayed " call of another regular expression stored in the $rule variable .
If it is a regex object , it 's just called as if it were a subroutine , so there 's no performance problem .
If it 's a string , it is compiled as a regex and executed .
The compiled form is cached as a property of the string , so it does n't have to be recompiled unless the string changes .
( This implies that we can have properties that invalidate themselves when their base object is modified . )
In either case , the evaluated regex is treated as a subrule , and any captures it does are invisible to the outer regex unless the outer regex takes steps to retrieve them .
In any event , subrule parens never change the paren count of the outer rule .
[ Update : Use <? $ rule > to turn any capturing rule into a non-capturing rule .
Or say ( <? $ rule > ) if you only want to capture the string . ]
The {code} form does n't return anything meaningful -- it is used for its side effects .
Any such closure may behave as an assertion .
It merely has to throw an exception in order to fail .
To throw such an exception ( on purpose ) one may use fail :
$ _ = " 666 " ; / ( \d+ ) { $ 1 < 582 or fail }/
As with any assertion , the failing closure starts backtracking at the location of the closure .
In this case , it backtracks into the \d + and ends up matching " 66 " rather than " 666 " .
If you did n't want that , use \d+ : instead .
It 's more succinct , however , to use the code assertion syntax .
Just put angles around a parenthesized Perl expression :
/ ( \d+ ) <( $ 1 < 582 ) > /
I find the parens to be vaguely reminiscent of the parentheses you have to put around conditionals in C ( but not Perl ( anymore ) ) .
Also , the parentheses are meant to remind you that you only want to put an expression there , not a full statement .
[ Update : A code assertion is now spelled <?{ $ 1 < 582 } > .
The parenthesized form is reserved for delimiting the beginning and ending of the " main match " . ]
Do n't use a bare closure to try to interpolate a calculated regex , since the result will be ignored .
Instead , use the < { expr} > form to do that .
As with < &rule ( ) > , the result will be interpreted as a subrule , not as if it were interpolated .
Since a string is usually true , you can just assert it to get the effect of an inline comment : <( " this is a comment " ) > .
But I 've never used one except to show it as an example .
Line ending comments are usually much clearer .
( Just bear in mind you can't put the final regex delimiter on the same line , because it wo n't be seen in the comment . )
You could also use the {'...'} construct for comments , but then you risk warnings about " useless use of a string in void context " .
[ Update : we now have #{...} comments where you can pick your own brackets . ]
The [...] is the new non-capturing bracket notation .
It seems to work very well for this purpose -- I tried the other brackets and they tend to " disappear " faster than square brackets .
So we reserve ( ...) and <...> for constructs where the visual distance between opening and closing is typically shorter than for square brackets or curlies .
The square brackets also work nicely when lined up vertically with vertical bars .
Here 's a declaration of a named rule from the class Perl6 Grammar .
It parses Perl 6 statements .
( Think of it as a funny looking method declaration . )
rule state { < label > [ < control > {.control} | < sideff > < eostate > {.sideff} | < @other_statements > ] } ;
Huffman coding says that rarer forms should be longer , and that 's the case with the lookahead and lookbehind assertions , < before ...> and < after ...> .
( The negations are formed via the general <!...> rule . )
Note that these prepositions are interpreted as assertions , not operations .
For example , < before X > is to be read " Assert that we are before X " rather than " Look before where we are for X " .
The new : operator replaces the ( ?>...) construct .
It modifies whatever comes before it , much like * does , so it 's naturally scoped if the preceding atom ( or quantified atom ) is a bracketed construct .
Parsers can use this every time they commit to the parsing of a token or phrase to tell the regex engine that there 's no point in backtracking through the atom in question , so backtracking will skip backwards over the atom and continue with some earlier branch point .
The following takes a long time to fail if it has to look at every sequence of " a " to see if there is a " b " after it :
" aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaac " =~ /^ a* b /
But we already know that the only possible match is the longest one .
So if you put in the colon , it fails in one pass because the * grabs everything and gives nothing back on backtracking .
" aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaac " =~ /^ a* : b /
You can use colon on a longer sequence too .
The following might match a list of expressions separated by comma :
/ < expr > [ , < expr > ]*: /
It is an error to use : on any atom that does no backtracking .
This will help to catch errors where you 've forgotten to backslash a literal colon in things like :
/ ^From : (.*) /
Perl 6 has no need for a special conditional construct like Perl 5's ( ?( cond ) yes|no ) .
That 's because with a slight tweak , ordinary alternation can do the same thing .
That tweak is our next backtracking modifier , the :: operator .
If you backtrack across it , it fails all the way out of the current list of alternatives .
Consider an ordinary list of alternatives :
[ < A > < X > | < B> < Y > | < C > < Z > ]
The way the rules of backtracking work , if either < A > or < X > fail , it backtracks to the next alternative .
Likewise for < B > and < Y > .
In the case of < C > or < E > , there is no next alternative , so it naturally fails out of the entire construct .
That 's not how a conditional is supposed to work , because in the conditional , only the condition determines which case is executed .
Once you 've committed to a particular case , it has to stand or fall as if the conditional had n't been there .
So all we need for our purposes is to have is something that separates the assertions that matter from those that do n't .
That 's what :: does , and it reads rather well as a " then " , or as a " corresponds to " .
If you write
[ < A > :: < X > | < B > :: <Y> | < C > :: < Z > ]
then the failure of < A > , < B > , or < C > proceeds to the next case ( if any ) , while any failure in < X > , < Y > , or < Z > is guaranteed to backtrack out of the front of the alternative list and revise a former choice ( just as the success of < X > , < Y > , or < Z > is guaranteed to " forward track " out of the end of the alternative list and try to match more ) .
It 's a natural mapping to existing regex semantics .
Here 's a more realistic example from the Perl 6 grammar .
It parses statement modifiers .
( The < ws > rule parses optional whitespace . )
rule modifier { if < ws > :: < expr > { .new_cond( 0 , $expr ) } | unless < ws > :: < expr > { .new_cond ( 1 , $expr ) } | while < ws > :: < expr > { .new_loop( 0 , $expr ) } | until < ws > :: < expr > { .new_loop ( 1 , $expr ) } | for < ws > :: < expr > { .new_for ( $expr ) } | < @other_modifiers > # user defined | < null > # no modifier }
In each case , once we recognize a keyword ( and its following whitespace ) , we need to look for an expression , and then call a closure that builds the syntax tree .
If either of those fails , the entire modifier rule fails .
We only get to the last two alternatives on failure of assertions before the :: .
Note that the :: only says that we can't backtrack from the " then " into the " if " .
It says nothing about backtracking into the alternative list as a whole .
The alternatives are still choice points , so the regex engine is allowed to backtrack into the alternative list and try another alternative .
( To disable that , simply put a : after the closing bracket of the alternative list . )
There is nothing in Perl 5 corresponding to the ::: operator , but it works just like :: , only more so .
If you backtrack across it , it fails all the way out of the current rule definition ( though not out of any rule invoking this definition ) .
That is , it fails all the way out of the innermost lexically enclosing /.../ , m/.../ , s/...// , rx /.../ , or rule {...} , skipping out through any enclosing nestings of <...> , [...] , or (... ) .
( A pattern nested within a closure is classified as its own rule , however , so it never gets the chance to pass out of a {...} closure . )
Since the alternatives in our last example are at the top level of the regex , we could have used the ::: operator to get the same effect as :: , because terminating the rule and terminating the alternation amount to the same thing in that case .
You can think of all of these as variants on Prolog 's " cut " operator .
If you backtrack over the :::: operator , it will delete your program from the disk . ;-)
Actually , the real name of the real :::: operator is < commit > .
It fails the entire match if you backtrack over it , not just the current rule .
That is , it fails all the way out of the outermost dynamically enclosing /.../ , m/.../ , s/...// , rx /.../ , or rule {...} that is executing on the current string .
There is one " cut " operator that is beyond < commit > ; it is appropriately named < cut > , for two reasons .
First of all , it 's a real cut operator in that , if you backtrack over it , the current match fails completely , just like < commit > .
But that 's just a side effect of the other reason , which is that < cut > cuts off the front of the string that you 're currently matching on , turning the current position into the new beginning of the string .
When you 're matching on a potentially infinite string , it 's important that you have a way of discarding that part of the match that you 've already committed to .
In Perl 5 , the only way to do that was with a coordinated system of s / ^pat // operations .
With the < cut > assertion , however , you can just match normally , and cut at one spot in your top - level rule when you reach an " accept " state .
In the realm of idle speculation , we could go as far as to define a variant of < cut > that would render s/// slightly redundant :
s / foo /bar / ; m / foo < replace ( " bar " ) > /
Note that we do n't need any special forms for controlling the scope of a " fail " in a closure .
Just prefix the closure with the appropriate backtracking operator :
/ pattern ::: { code ( ) or fail } / # fails entire rule
Character Class Reform
As we mentioned earlier , character classes are becoming more like standard grammar rules , because the definition of " character " is getting fuzzier .
This is part of the motivation for demoting enumerated character classes and stealing the square brackets for another purpose .
Actually , for old times ' sake you still use square brackets on enumerated character classes , but you have to put an extra set of angles around it .
But this actually tends to save keystrokes when you want to use any named character classes or Unicode properties , particularly when you want to combine them :
Old New --- --- [ a - z ] < [ a - z ] > [ [ : alpha : ] ] < alpha > [ ^ [ : alpha : ] ] <- alpha > [ [ : alpha : ] [ : digit : ] ] << alpha >< digit >>
[ Update : Character class ranges are now < [ a..z ] > .]
The outer <...> also naturally serves as a container for any extra syntax we decide to come up with for character set manipulation :
<[ _ ] +< alpha >+< digit >-< Swedish >>
[ Update : < alpha > is no longer allowed as the first thing .
Use +alpha instead . ]
State
[ This section gets pretty abstruse .
It 's okay if your eyes glaze over . ]
Every regex match maintains a state object , and any closure within the regex is actually an anonymous method of that object , which means in turn that the closure 's topic is the current state object .
Since a unary dot introduces a method call on the current topic , it follows that you can call any method in the state object that way :
/(.*) { print .pos }/ # print current position
The state object may in fact be an instance of a grammar class .
A grammar object has additional methods that know how to build a parse tree .
Its rules also know how to refer to each other or to rules of related grammars .
Note that $ _ within the closure refers to this state object , not the original search string .
If you search on the state object , however , it pretends that you wanted to continue the search on the original string .
If the internal search succeeds , the position of the external state is updated as well , just as if the internal search had been a rule invoked directly from the outer regex .
Because the state object is aware of how the tree is being built , when backtracking occurs the object can destroy parts of the parse tree that were conjectured in error .
Because the grammar 's action methods have control of the regex state , they can access named fields in the regex without having to explicitly pass them to the method call .
For instance , in our earlier example we passed $ expr explicitly to build the parse tree , but the method can actually figure that out itself .
So we could have just written :
rule modifier { if < ws > :: < expr > { .new_cond(0 ) } | unless < ws > :: < expr > { .new_cond ( 1 ) } | while < ws > :: < expr > { .new_loop (0 ) } | until < ws > :: < expr > { .new_loop ( 1 ) } | for < ws > :: < expr > { .new_for } | < @other_modifiers > # user defined | < null > # no modifier } ,
See Variable Scoping below for where @other_modifiers gets looked up .
Within a closure , $ _ represents the current state of the current regex , and by extension , the current state of all the regexes participating in the current match .
( The type of the state object is the current grammar class , which may be an anonymous type if the current grammar has no name .
If the regex is not a member of a grammar , it 's of type RULE . )
Part of the state of the current regex is the current node of the parse tree that is being built .
When the current regex succeeds , the state object becomes a result object , and is returned to the calling regex .
The calling regex can refer to the returned object as a " hypothetical " variable , the name of which is either implicitly generated from the name of the rule , or explicitly bound using := .
Through that variable you can get at anything captured by the subrule .
( That is what $ expr was doing earlier . )
[ Update : Only rules of the form < ident > or < $ident > are captured by default .
You can use := to force capture of anything else , or the : keepall adverb to capture everything else . ]
When the entire match succeeds , the top - level node is returned as a result object that has various values in various contexts , whether boolean , numeric , or string context .
The name of the result object is $ 0 .
The result object contains all the other information , such as $ 1 , $ 2 , etc .
Unlike $ & in Perl 5 , $ 0 is lexically scoped to the enclosing block .
By extension , $ 1 , etc. are also lexically scoped .
[ Update : The $ 0 variable 's functionality is now split up into a $ / variable that represents the match state object , and a $ ( ) variable that represents the capture of the entire pattern .
In other words , $ ( ) is exactly like a normal paren capture if you assume parens around the entire pattern .
You can also explicitly specify the returned scalar value in any of several ways . ]
As a kind of iterator , a regex stored in a variable does n't expand in list context unless you put angles around it or use it with m// :
$rx = / ( xxx ) / ; print 1,2 , < $rx ( $_ ) > ; print 1,2, </( xxx ) / > ; my &rx := /( xxx ) / ; print 1,2 , < rx ( $ _ ) > ;
$ 0 , $ 1 , etc. are not set in iterated cases like this .
Each list item is a result object , though , and you can still get at the internal values that way .
Hypothetical Variables , er Values
Values that are determined within a regular expression should usually be viewed as speculative , subject to cancellation if backtracking occurs .
This applies not only to the values captured by ( ... ) within the regex , but also to values determined within closures embedded in the regex .
The scope of these values is rather strange , compared to ordinary variables .
They are dynamically scoped , but not like temp variables .
A temporary variable is restored at the end of the current block .
A hypothetical variable keeps its value after the current block exits , and in fact keeps that value clear to the end of its natural lifetime if the regex succeeds ( where the natural lifetime depends on where it 's declared ) .
But if failure causes backtracking over where the variable was set , then it is restored to its previous state .
Perl 5 actually coerced the local operator into supporting this behavior , but that was a mistake .
In Perl 6 temp will keep consistent semantics , and restore values on exit from the current block .
A new word , let , will indicate the desire to set a variable to a hypothetical value .
( I was tempted to use " suppose " , but " let " is shorter , and tends to mean the same thing , at least to mathematicians . )
my $ x ; / ( \S* ) { let $ x = .pos } \s* foo /
After this pattern , $x will be set to the ending position of $ 1 -- but only if the pattern succeeds .
If it fails , $x is restored to undef when the closure is backtracked .
It 's possible to do things in a closure that the regex engine does n't know how to backtrack , of course , but a hypothetical value does n't fall into that category .
For things that do fall into that category , perhaps we need to define a BACK block that is like UNDO , but scoped to backtracking .
Sometimes we 'll talk about declaring a hypothetical variable , but as with temp variables , we 're not actually declaring the variable itself , but the dynamic scope of its new value .
In Perl 6 , you can in fact say :
my $x = 0 ; ... { temp $ x = 1 ; # temporizes the lexical variable ... } # $x restored to 0
( This is primarily useful for dynamically scoping a file - scoped lexical , which is slightly safer than temporizing a package variable since nobody can see it outside the file . )
You may declare a hypothetical variable only when the topic is a regex state .
This is not as much of a hardship as it might seem .
Suppose your closure calls out to some other routine , and passes the regex state as an argument , $ rx_state .
It suffices to say :
given $ rx_state { let $ x = .pos }
[ Update : This restriction is no longer in effect .
Any variable may be treated hypothetically , not just variables stored in $ / .
The capture variables in $ / are now syntactically distinguished from ordinary variables .
Hypotheticality is orthogonal to that , except insofar as $ / is somewhat hypothetical as a whole . ]
As it happens , $ 1 and friends are all simply hypothetical variables .
When we say " hypothetical variable " , we are n't speaking of where the variable is stored , but rather how its contents are treated dynamically .
If a regex sets a hypothetical variable that was declared with either my or our beforehand , then the regex modifies that lexical or package variable , and let is purely a run-time operation .
On the other hand , if the variable is not pre-declared , it 's actually stored in the regex state object .
In this case , the let also serves to declare the variable as lexically scoped to the rest of the regex , in addition to its run-time action .
Such a variable is not directly visible outside the regex , but you can get at it through the $ 0 object ( always presuming the match succeeded ) .
For a regex variable named $ maybe , its external name is $ 0._var_ { ' maybe'} .
The $ 0 object can behave as a hash , so $ 0 { maybe} is the short way to say that .
[ Update : Nowadays the short name of that variable is $ < maybe > .
And the match variable is named $/ instead of $ 0 . ]
All other variable names are stored with their sigil , so the external name for @maybe is $ 0 { ' @maybe'} , and for % maybe is $ 0 { ' % maybe'} .
[ Update : None of these are stored with their sigil , which means you can't store two different types under the same name unless you explicitly bind to a name like $ < @maybe > . ]
$ 1 is a special case - - it 's visible outside the regex , not because it 's predeclared , but because Perl already knows that the numbered variable $ 1 is really stored as a subarray of the $ 0 object : $ 0 [ 1 ] .
The numbered variables are available only through the array , not the hash .
[ Update : the number variables are also available through the hash , so $ 1 is the same as either $ / < 1 > or $ / [ 0 ] . ]
Since $ 0 represents the state of the currently executing regex , you can't use it within a rule to get at the result of a completed subrule .
When you successfully call a subrule named < somerule > , the regex state is automatically placed in a hypothetical variable named $ somerule .
( Rules accessed indirectly must be captured explicitly , or they wo n't have a name by which you can get to them .
More on that in the next section . )
[ Update : Any subrule 's capture may be suppressed with by starting with a question mark , so < foo > captures but <? foo > does not . ]
As the current recursive regex executes , it automatically builds a tree of hashes corresponding to all captured hypothetical variables .
So from outside the regex , you could get at the $ 1 of the subrule < somerule > by saying $ 0 {somerule} [ 1 ] .
[ Update : These days that 's $ / {' somerule ' } [ 0 ] or $ < somerule > < 0 > .]
Named Captures
Suppose you want to use a hypothetical variable to bind a name to a capture :
/ ( \S+ ) { let $ x := $ 1 } /
A shorthand for that is :
/ $x:=( \S+ ) /
The parens are numbered independently of any name , so $x is an alias for $ 1 .
You may also use arrays to capture appropriately quantified patterns :
/ @x := ( \S+ \ s* ) * / # including space / @x := [ ( \S+ ) \s* ]* / # excluding space / @x := [ ( \S+ ) ( \ s* ) ]* / # each element is [ word , space ]
Note that in general , naming square brackets does n't cause the square brackets to capture , but rather provides a destination for the parens within the square brackets .
Only parens and rules can capture .
It 's illegal to name square brackets that do n't capture something inside .
You can also capture to a hash :
/ %x := [ ( \S+ ) \ : \s* (.*) ]* / # key / value pairs
After that match , $ 1 returns a list of keys , and $ 2 returns a list of values .
You can capture just the keys :
/ %x := [ ( \S+ ) \s* ]* / # just enter keys , values are undef
You can capture a closure 's return value too :
/ $ x := { " I 'm in scalar context " } / / @x := { " I " , " am " , " in " , " list " , " context " } / / %x := { " I " => " am in hash context " } /
Note that these do not use parens .
If you say :
/ $x := ( { code } ) /
it would capture whatever text was traversed by the closure , but ignore the closure 's actual return value .
You can reorder paren groups by naming them with numeric variables :
/ $ 2:=(.*? ) , \h* $ 1:=(.*) /
If you use a numeric variable , the numeric variables will start renumbering from that point , so subsequent captures can be of a known number ( which clobbers any previous association with that number ) .
So for instance you can reset the numbers for each alternative :
/ $ 1 := (.*? ) ( \ :) (.*) { process $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 } | $ 1 := (.*? ) ( =\ > ) (.*) { process $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 } | $ 1 := (.*? ) (- \> ) (.*) { process $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 } /
It 's also possible to refer to captures relative to the current location .
$ - 1 refers to the immediately preceding capture ( what used to be known as $+ ) . $ - 2 refers to the one before that .
If you use anything above $ - 3 we 'll come and take you away to the insane asylum .
Subrules called via < rule > also capture their result in hypothetical variables .
It 's possible to name the results of any <...> , but grammar rules already have a name by default , so you do n't have to give them names unless you call the same rule more than once .
So , presuming you have grammar rules defining " key " and " value " , you can say :
/ < key > \ : < value > { let % hash { $ key} = $ value } /
[ Update : That is now written :
/ < key > \ : < value > { let % hash {$ < key >} = $ < value > } /
]
Of course , in a typical grammar the typical rule may not return a string , but a reference to an anonymous object representing a node of the parse tree .
But that depends on what the subrule decides to capture .
If the only thing captured in the subrule is a single string , that 's what you get .
( If nothing is captured , you get the entire match . )
Any capture that will capture multiple items will , if asked to put it into a scalar variable , produce an anonymous list automatically .
This should rarely be a surprise , since it 's obvious by inspection whether you 've quantified the capture or not .
So if you say any of :
/ $ x := < word >*/ / $ x := < word >+/ / $ x := < word >< 1,3 >/
[ Update : That last should use **{ 1..3} instead . ]
then you 've " pluralized " the naming , and you can expect to get some number of values in $x as an anonymous list .
However , the ?
quantifier specifically does n't pluralize .
If you say :
/ $x := < word > ?/
then $x will either be the result of the subrule or undef .
You can name the results of a zero - width assertion , but you 'd typically only get the null string out of it .
This can still be useful , since it contrasts with the undefined value you 'd have if the assertion fails .
( It is possible with an explicit capture to return a non - zero - width string from a zero - width assertion , however . )
Variable Scoping
When you refer to a variable @foo as an rvalue in a regex , it searches for an existing variable in the following places :
1 . We first look to see if the variable is already declared lexically with either my @foo or our @foo .
If so declared , we 're done .
or .
If so declared , we 're done .
2 . Next we look for @foo in the current regex 's name table .
The name of the variable is really $ 0 { ' @foo'} .
in the current regex 's name table .
The name of the variable is really .
[ Update : These $/ variables now have names like @ < foo > , so skip this step . ]
3 . If the regex belongs to a grammar , we next look for @foo in the grammar object .
If there , its real name is @.foo , or some such .
( It might be objected that the grammar object is not yet constructed when the regex is compiled .
After all , the regex is probably being passed to the grammar object 's constructor .
But I think if such a variable is declared as an object attribute we know that there will be such a variable / accessor later when we have finished constructing , and that seems like enough info to know how to compile the regex . )
in the grammar object .
If there , its real name is , or some such .
( It might be objected that the grammar object is not yet constructed when the regex is compiled .
After all , the regex is probably being passed to the grammar object 's constructor .
But I think if such a variable is declared as an object attribute we know that there be such a variable / accessor later when we have finished constructing , and that seems like enough info to know how to compile the regex . )
[ Update : I think we can skip this one too -- just import the array if you need it , or call it via a real rule accessor . ]
4 . Next we look for @foo as a declared core global variable @ * foo .
as a declared core global variable .
5 . Finally , if " strict vars " is not in effect , we assume that @foo is stored in the current package .
Otherwise it's a stricture error .
Variable Interpretation
As we mentioned earlier , bare scalars match their contents literally .
( Use < $var > instead to match a regex defined in $ var . )
Subscripted arrays and hashes behave just like a scalar as long as the subscripts are n't slices .
If you use a bare array ( unsubscripted ) , it will match if any element of the array matches literally at that point .
( A slice of an array or hash also behaves this way . )
If you say
@array = ( " ^ " , " $ " , " . " ) ; / @array /
it 's as if you said
/ \^ | \$ | \. /
But if you you slice it like this :
/ @array [ 0..1 ] /
it wo n't match the dot .
If you want the array to be considered as a set of regex alternatives , enclose in angles :
@array = ( " ^foo$ " , " ^bar$ " , " ^baz $ " ) ; / < @array > /
Bare hashes in a regex provide a sophisticated match - via - lookup mechanism .
Bare hashes are matched as follows :
1. Match a key at the current point in the string .
1a .
If the hash has its keymatch property set to some regex , use that regex to match the key .
property set to some regex , use that regex to match the key .
1b . Otherwise , use / \w+:/ to match the key .
to match the key .
2 . If a key is n't found at the current position in the string , the match fails .
3 . Otherwise , get the value in the hash corresponding to the matched key .
4 . If the is no entry for that key , the match fails .
5 . If the hash does n't have a valuematch property , the match succeeds immediately .
property , the match succeeds immediately .
6 . Otherwise use the hash 's valuematch property ( typically itself a regex ) to extract the value at the current point in the string .
property ( typically itself a regex ) to extract the value at the current point in the string .
7 . If no value can be extracted , matching of the hash fails .
8 . If the extracted value string is eq to the key 's actual value , matching of the original hash immediately succeeds .
to the key 's actual value , matching of the original hash immediately succeeds .
9 . Otherwise , matching of the original hash fails .
So matching a bare hash is equivalent to :
rule { $ key := <{ %hash.prop{keymatch} // /\w+:/ }> # find key <( exists % hash{$key} ) > # if exists [ <( not defined %hash.prop{valuematch} ) > :: # done ? < null > # succeed | # else $ val := < %hash.prop{valuematch} > # find value <( $ val eq %hash{$val} ) > # assert eq ] }
A typical valuematch might look like :
rule { \s* =\> \s* # match => $ q := ( < [ " ' ] > ) # match initial quote $ 0 :=( [ \\. | . ]*? ) # return matched value $q # match trailing quote }
In essence , the presence or absence of the valuematch property controls whether the hash tries to match only keys , or both keys and values .
[ Update : The above is all completely bogus .
A hash 's set of keys are simply compiled into a longest - first token match table .
The corresponding value contains the closure or rule to fire off when you match , or a number to make the match retry with a shorter key .
In addition , there can be more than one hash , as in < % a| % b| % c > , which are all treated as one for the longest - token rule .
See S05 . ]
A hash may be used inside angles as well .
In that case , it finds the key by the same method ( steps 1 and 2 above ) , but always treats the corresponding hash value as a regex ( regardless of any properties the hash might have ) .
The parse then continues according to the rule found in the hash .
For example , we could parse a set of control structures with :
rule { < % controls > }
The % controls hash can have keys like " if " and " while " in it .
The corresponding entry says how to parse the rest of an if or a while statement .
For example :
%controls = ( if => / < condition > < closure > / , unless => / < condition > < closure > / , while => / < condition > < closure > / , until => / < condition > < closure > / , for => / < list_expr > < closure > / , loop => / < loop_controls >?
< closure > / , ) ;
So saying :
<%controls >
is really much as if we 'd said :
[ if \b < %controls{if} > | unless \b < %controls{unless} > | while \b < %controls {while} > | until \b < %controls{until} > | for \b < %controls {for} > | loop \b < %controls{loop} > ]
Only it actually works more like
/ $k=<{ %controls.prop{keymatch} // /\w+:/ } > <%controls{$k} > /
[ Update : This is also bogus .
The keys are treated as a set of tokens with longest - first semantics all keys involved , mapping to arbitrary rules .
See S05 . ]
Note that in Perl 6 it 's perfectly valid to use // inside an expression embedded in a regex delimited by slashes .
That 's because a regex is no longer considered a string , so we do n't have to find the end of it before we parse it .
Since we can parse it in one pass , the expression parser can handle the // when it gets to it without worrying about the outer slash , and the final slash is recognized as the terminator by the regex parser without having to worry about anything the expression parser saw .
A bare subroutine call may be used in a regex , provided it starts with & and uses parentheses around the arguments .
The return value of the subroutine is matched literally .
The subroutine may have side effects , and may throw an exception to fail .
Defining Your Own Rules
Suppose your name is Hugo and you do n't like to use ! to negate an assertion .
You can define your own assertion like this :
my rule not ( str $ rx ) { <!<{ " < $ rx > " } >> } # define Hugo not / < not [ a - z ] > / # same as <![ a-z ] >
That rule would be lexically scoped because of the my .
If you think it looks like a sub declaration , you 're right .
In fact , it 's possible you could even declare it anonymously like a closure :
my $ not = rule ( str $ rx ) { <! <{ " < $ rx > " } >> } ; / <$ not tonight dear > /
But maybe you do n't want it lexically scoped because you 're writing a grammar for general use :
grammar HugoGrammar { rule not ( $ rx ) { <! $ rx > } rule identifier { < not before \d > \w+ } rule \j { \ c [ LF ] } rule parse { ^ < identifier > \j $ } } HugoGrammar.parse( $line ) ;
In this case a rule is simply a method in a grammar class , and a grammar class is any class derived implicitly or explicitly from the universal RULE grammar class .
The built - in regex assertions like < before \w > are really just calls to methods in the RULE class .
The namespace of a grammar is simply the method namespace of the current class , which is the class 's methods plus all inherited methods .
[ Update : Nowadays it 's the Regex class , or some derivative . ]
In addition to normal subrules , we allow some funny looking method names like :
rule :a { ... } rule \a { ... }
[ Update : These are now handled as macro - like syntactic categories .
See S05 . ]
Modules that mutate Perl 's grammar on the fly can do so by deriving an anonymous grammar class from the default Perl6 Grammar , and installing extra rules on the fly .
The current regex state then continues parsing the rest of the lexical scope using some rule from the new rule set .
Subsequent grammatical mutations will be derived from the current anonymous grammar unless you switch explicitly to an entirely different grammar .
Since we 're writing grammar rules as if they were methods , we have access to the full syntax of method declaration , including formal parameter lists and compile - time properties .
So we can easily annotate rules with pragmatic information such as operator precedence levels when you do n't want to write a strictly recursive - descent parser , for instance .
( And we do n't want to , for Perl . )
Accepted RFCs
RFC 072 : Variable - length lookbehind .
This seems good to me .
It 's just a SMOP to reverse the ordering of nodes in the syntax tree , and I think we can pretty well determine when it 's impossible to reverse the tree .
The operation of a reversed syntax tree will not be totally transparent , however , so it will be necessary to document that quantifiers will actually be working right - to - left rather than left - to - right .
( It 's probably also a good idea to document that many syntactic constructs can't actually be reliably recognized in reverse .
An attempt to do so probably means you needed to do a lookahead earlier , rather than a lookbehind later . )
The syntax of lookbehind uses the new assertion syntax :
< after ...> # positive lookbehind <! after ...>
# negative lookbehind
Yes , the pos ( ) function could return multiple values in list context , but I think it 's more reasonable for the individual captured elements to know where their positions are .
The pos function is really just a special case of a more general data structure contained in the regex result object from the last successful match .
In which case , maybe it really needs to have a better name than pos .
Maybe $ 0 or something .
Then we get $ 0.beg and $ 0.end , $ 1.beg , and $ 1.end , etc .
Since @$0 returns a list of captures , you can do @ $ 0 ^.beg and @ $ 0 ^. end if you want a list of beginnings and endings .
Did I mention that the magical @+ and @- arrays are gonna be real dead ?
Never could remember which one was which anyway ...
[ Update : $ ( ) now represents the entire matched string , but the match object is now $ / , and a list of all beginnings is returned by the hyperoperator @ ( ) ».beg .
But note that string positions are not necessarily integers in Perl 6 .
They are tagged with the units of the string , so that you can't inadvertently mix byte , codepoint , or grapheme offsets . ]
RFC 093 : Regex : Support for incremental pattern matching
I do n't think this proposal is powerful enough .
" Infinite " strings are a more powerful concept .
But I do n't think infinite strings are powerful enough either !
We 're certainly going to have " infinite " arrays for which missing elements are defined by a generator ( where the action could be as simple as reading more data from some other source ) .
We could do the same thing for strings directly , or we could define strings that are implemented underneath via arrays ( of strings or of stringifiable objects ) , and achieve infinitude that way .
This latter approach has the benefit that the array element boundaries could be meaningful as zero - width boundaries between , say , tokens in a token stream .
We 're thinking that < ,> could match such a boundary .
But beyond that , such arrays - as - strings could allow us to associate hidden metadata with the tokens , if the abstract string is constructed from a list of objects , or a list of strings with properties .
This is typically how a parser would receive data from a lexical analyzer .
It 's the parser 's job to transform the linear stream of objects into a parse tree of objects .
Matching against such boundaries or metadata would not be possible unless either the regex engine is aware that it is matching against an array , or the string emulation provides visibility through the abstract string into the underlying array .
The latter may be preferable , since ( by the rules of the =~ matrix discussed in Apocalypse 4 ) @array =~ /regex / is currently interpreted as matching against each element of the array individually rather than sequentially , and there are other uses for a string that 's really an array .
In fact , @array =~ /regex / could conceivably be matching against a set of infinite strings in parallel , though that seems a bit scary .
[ Update : The =~ operator is renamed ~ ~ , and it does n't automatically " any - fy " an array anymore , so we could pretty easily make it work over an entire array as if it were a string . ]
Even if we do n't care about the boundaries between array elements , this approach gives us the ability to read a file in chunks and not worry that the pattern wo n't match because it happens to span a boundary .
It might be objected that matching against a subroutine rather than an infinite string or array has the benefit of not promising to keep around the entire string or array in memory .
But this is not really a feature , since in general a regex can potentially backtrack all the way to the beginning of the string .
And there 's nothing to say that the front of the infinite string or array has to stay around anyway .
Whether to throw away the head of a string or array should really depend on the programmer , and I do n't think there 's a more intuitive way to manage that than to simply let the programmer whack off the front of the string or array using operators like substr or splice , or the new < cut > assertion .
Indeed , the very existence of the string / array precludes the caching problem that RFC 316 complains about .
The question remains how to declare such a string / array .
If we decided to do a magical name identification , we could conceivably declare
and then both $ array and @array refer to the same object , but treated as a string when you say $ array and as an array when you say @array ) .
One is tempted to set up the input routine by saying
my [ email protected ] is from { < $ input > } ;
Additional lines ( or chunks ) would then come from the < $ input > iterator .
But really , the infinite nature of the array is a feature of the underlying object , not the variable .
After all , we want to be able to say
@array := 1.. Inf ;
even with an ordinary array .
So we could even make this work :
But I think we need to break the aliasing down , which will give us more flexibility at the expense of more verbiage :
my @array := < $ input > ; # @array now bound to iterator my $ array is ArrayString ( @array ) ; # an ordinary tie
That would let us do cool and / or sick things like this :
my @lines := < $article > ; my $ _ is ArrayString ( @lines ) ; s/^ .*?
< 2 , > // ; # delete header from $ _ AND @lines ! for @lines { ... } # process remaining lines
The for loop potentially runs forever , since @lines is implicitly extended from an iterator .
The array is automatically extended on the end , but it 's not automatically shifted on the front .
So if you really did want the loop to run forever without exhausting memory , you 'd need to say something like :
substr ( $_ , 0 , $ _.pos , " " ) ;
The same effect can be effected within a regex by asserting < cut > , which makes the current position the new string beginning .
( If you backtrack over < cut > , the entire match will fail . )
[ Update : Now we can just say < @lines ~~ s/^.*?
**{2...} // >.]
RFC 110 : counting matches
I think we can avoid using any options if we make a pattern count matches when used in a numeric context .
If in doubt , make it explicit :
$ count = +/foo / ;
If it turns out we do need an option , it 'll probably be :n .
[ Update : That would be +m:g / foo/ these days . ]
RFC 112 : Assignment within a regex
This RFC is basically covered by the $ foo : =(... ) notation , plus variations .
The RFC claims that such assignments are not done till the end , except that they are done ahead of closures .
I 'd rather state it the other way around : it always appears that the current hypothetical binding is assigned if you check , but as long as the optimizer can determine that you are n't looking , it does n't have to keep up appearances .
Contrariwise , if $ foo is just a fancy way of saying $ 1 , there may in fact be no more overhead in maintaining $ foo than $ 1 .
Either is really just pointing into a table of offsets into the string .
That 's assuming we get the scoping right on hypothetical variables .
Some excerpts from the RFC :
The camel and the docs include this example :
if ( / Time : (.. ) :(.. ) :(.. ) /) { $ hours = $ 1 ; $ minutes = $ 2 ; $ seconds = $ 3 ; }
This then becomes :
/ Time : (? $ hours= .. ) :(?$ minutes = .. ) :(?$ seconds = .. ) /
Now that looks like this :
/ Time\ : $ hours : =(.. ) \ : $ minutes : =(.. ) \ : $ seconds :=(.. ) /
It may be appropriate for any assignments made before a code callout to be localized so they can unrolled should the expression finally fail .
Rather than localized ( or temporized ) , they are hypothesized .
The first versions of this RFC did not allow for backrefs .
I now think this was a shortcoming .
It can be done with ( ??{ quotemeta $ foo} ) , but I find this clumsy , a better way of using a named back ref might be ( ?\$ foo ) .
Backrefs are now unified with hypothetical variables , so the issue does n't arise .
Just use $ foo .
[ Update : Now $ < foo > , short for $ / {' foo'} . ]
Using this method for capturing wanted content , it might be desirable to stop ordinary brackets capturing , and needing to use ( ?:... ) .
I therefore suggest that as an enhancement to regexes that / b ( bracket ? ) ordinary brackets just group , without capture - in effect they all behave as ( ?:... ) .
There 's no need for a / b now that we have [...] for non-capturing brackets .
RFC 144 : Behavior of empty regex should be simple
I agree , the behavior should be simple .
However , rather than always matching , I propose to make it an error to actually have a null pattern , or a null choice in a list of alternatives .
Use an explicit < null > if that 's what you mean .
( It 's not a problem if $ foo is null in / $ foo / , since variables are now managed by the regex engine and not by interpolation . )
RFC 150 : Extend regex syntax to provide for return of a hash of matched subpatterns
The $ foo : =(... ) notation essentially covers that case .
One can say :
/ %hash{foo} :=(...) %hash{bar} :=(... ) /
Fancier things can be done with closures .
RFC 156 : Replace first match function ( ?...? ) with a flag to the match command .
Having a :f modifier seems like a reasonable way to do it :
m : f/.../
Though it 's vaguely possible we should be having a set of verbs that parse like split :
split /.../ count /.../ first /.../
It 's not clear whether those are actually methods , and if so , on which object , the string or the regex .
In any event , I do n't think we have to nail that down quite yet .
I 'm accepting the basic premise of this RFC that the ?...? construct is going away , one way or another .
At the moment , it looks like this option is spelled : once .
RFC 165 : Allow Variables in tr///
If interpolation of patterns by default is wrong , I think extending the tr/// interface via scalar interpolation is doubly wrong .
Run -time generated transliterations should be based on mappings that are n't so position dependent .
That is , rather than specifying it as two long lists :
abc12xyz => ABC34XYZ
we specify something more like this :
abc => ABC 12 => 34 xyz => XYZ
That looks more like a list of pairs of scalars than a pair of scalars .
In fact , internally , it 's done like a funny parallel substitution :
s:e(/a/A/ , /b/B/ , /c/C/ ,
/1/3/ , /2/4/ , /x/X/ , /y/Y/ , /z/Z/)
In any event , it 's more like tr / @foo / @bar / than tr / $ foo / $ bar / .
But then , why stick with the fake string notation ?
Why not just say tr( @foo , @bar ) if that 's what we mean ?
Then we 're not limited to character substitutions :
$ string.tr [ " " , " < " , " > " , "
" ] , [ " " , " < " , " > " , " < br > " ] ;
Or how about tr ( %trans ) ?
%upper = { " a - z " => " A - Z " , } $ string .
tr %upper ;
or just pair lists of some sort :
$ string .tr ( " a - c " => " x- z " , " 1 - 2 " => " 3 - 4 " , " A - C " => " X - Z " , ) ; @trans = [ " a - z " => " A - Z " , @tr_danish , ] ; $ string .tr( @trans )
RFC 166 : Alternative lists and quoting of things
Alternative lists of literals are included simply by mentioning the array :
/@names /
Alternative lists of subrules are included with :
/<@names >/
There 's no longer any need for quoting constructs because variables match as literals by default .
You have to use angle brackets to get interpretation of a string as a subrule .
( But it 's still preferable to precompile your regexen . )
RFC 191 : smart container slicing
As proposed , this might prevent us from using a regex object as a key to a hash .
However , with some tweaking , it 'll fit in with how slicing is done in Perl 6 .
Perl 6 will DWIM subscripts based on their appearance .
Obviously ,
%hash {" foo " }
has a single subscript .
And just as obviously ,
%hash { " a " .. " z " }
has 26 subscripts or so .
In the absence of any scalar guidance , a subscript will be interpreted in list context .
So
%hash { @array }
will automatically slice on the list of keys in the array .
Any function will be called in a list context by default , giving it the opportunity to return multiple values .
Perl 6 subscripts are naturally biased toward slicing .
To unbias it , here are some of the specifically recognized subscripts :
%hash {" foo " } # scalar literal % hash {bar} # scalar literal
[ Update : Now % hash < bar > instead . ]
%hash {1} # scalar literal % hash {$x} # scalar variable % hash{ \$x} # scalar reference % hash { [ " a " , " b " ] } # array reference % hash{ { " a " =>
" b" }} # hash reference % hash { " a " => " b " } # pair reference % hash { / pat / } # rule reference % hash { _ expr } # force expr to return a single string
[ Update : Now ~ instead of _ .
Also , active slicing with closures is done with a . slice method on either arrays or hashes .
Ordinary subscripts always assume integer slices for arrays and string slices for hashes ( by default ) .
The optimizer is allowed to assume that in @foo[ @bar ] , the @bar array returns a list of integers . ]
% hash{ + expr } # force expr to return a single number
Boolean expressions and closures look like singular values but cause a match against all possible values of the subscript .
%hash { ? 1 } # select all subscripts % hash{ ?/ pat/ } # select subscripts for which pat matches % hash { $ _ =~ / pat / }# select subscripts for which pat matches % hash { $ _ ge " a " } # select lowercase keys ( assuming ASCII ) % hash { .ge " a " } # same thing , maybe % hash { { expr } } # select subscripts for which closure returns true
Multiple slice subscripts are separated by semicolons , so that you can use commas within each slice subscript for list building .
This is more important for multi-dimensional arrays :
my @array is dim ( 9,9,9 ) = cubic ( ) ; @ 3d_slice = @array [ @x ; @y ; @z ] ; @ 3d_slice = @array [ 0,1,3,8 ; 0,1,3,8 ; ?1 ] ; @ 3d_slice = @array [ 0..9 ; 0..9 :-1 ; ? test ( $_ ) ] ; @ 3d_slice = @array [ !( $_ % 2 ) ; 0..9:3 ; ?test ($_ ) ] ;
[ Update : dim ( 9,9,9 ) is now spelled [ ^9 , ^9, ^9 ] .
See S09 . ]
RFC 274 : Generalized Additions to Regexs
This proposal has significant early / late binding issues .
A definition that forces run-time overhead is not as useful as it might be .
On the other hand , a pure compile - time mechanism is not as general as it might be -- but a compile - time mechanism can always compile in a run-time mechanism if it chooses to defer evaluation .
So it seems like this is a good place for syntactic warpage of some sort or other .
That would make it possible to do both compile - time and run-time bindings .
We 'll be using the <...> notation for our extensible syntax , and the grammar rules for parsing that particular part of Perl syntax will be just as easy to tweak as any other Perl grammar rule .
That being said , the very fact that we can associate a grammar with the regex means that it 's easy to define any instance of < word > to mean whatever you want it to .
( In a sense , these subrules are the very callbacks that the RFC proposes . )
These subrules can be bound either at Perl compile time or at Perl run time .
They can be defined to take a string , regex , or Perl expression as an argument .
The latter two cases are efficient because they come in as a regex or code reference respectively .
Following on , if ( ?{...} ) etc code is evaluated in forward match , it would be a good idea to likewise support some code block that i
Talk about random gifts from the ether .
British Android device owners are waking up this morning to discover their robot - themed operating system has gone and upgraded itself overnight .
We 've confirmed for ourselves that Google Maps Navigation -- yes , the free turn - by - turn stuff with voice directions -- has made its fully functional way across the Atlantic .
This is the 4.1.1 Beta released on April 6 to US customers , but as we say , it 's now working over in Blighty as well .
We 've tested it out on a Desire and Nexus One from HTC , with the latter offering the extra-cool option to orally instruct your Google search bar to " navigate to " your destination .
Check out the gallery below for some visual edification .
[ Thanks , Tes ]
We 're now also sure the full Navigation service works on at least some Android 1.6 devices , such as the Dell Mini 5 and a reported Sony Ericsson X10 success over on the xda-developers thread .
Numerous users have reported successfully using turn - by - turn Navigation on the 4.1.0 version , leading us to believe that the capability was in the Google Maps app all along and it's only now that the company has chosen to activate it .
If you are n't yet on board , direct your Android 1.6 or above device to the Android Market and get navigating .
OSLO / LONDON ( Reuters ) - Air traffic in much of northern Europe was halted Thursday by ash from a volcanic eruption in Iceland , aviation authorities said .
“ Due to ash , air traffic on the sea area between Scotland , Norway , northern Sweden , Britain , Norway and northern Finland is being limited , ” Finland ’s airport agency Finavia said .
A volcanic eruption in Iceland spewed black smoke and white steam into the air Wednesday ..
Britain ’s National Air Traffic
Service said that following advice from the Met Office weather service it had restricted the number of aircraft flying into British airspace .
“ Volcanic ash represents a significant safety threat to aircraft , ” it said in a statement .
“ We are monitoring the situation with the Met Office , Eurocontrol and neighboring countries , and working closely with the airlines to help inform their decisions about their operations . ”
Flights at London ’s Heathrow , Gatwick and other airports were canceled and there were no flights in or out of Scotland , with Aberdeen , Edinburgh and Glasgow airports all closed .
Belfast airport in Northern Ireland and Newcastle airport in the north of England also were shut .
British budget airline easyJet said the plume of ash , which is expected to move south , was causing “ significant disruption ” to all airlines operating flights to and from Britain .
Hundreds of flights in and out of other British airports , including Bristol , Cardiff , Manchester , East Midlands and London ’s Stansted and Luton were canceled , although the airports remained open .
Finnair said air traffic had been shut down in northern parts of Finland .
Norwegian news agency NTB said air space in northern Russia , parts of the United Kingdom and Denmark also could be affected .
National broadcaster NRK quoted an Avinor spokesman as saying it was considering closing down the remaining routes .
Norwegian Air Shuttle said it was cancelling some 80 flights , while SAS also halted many of its flights , according to Norway ’s main Oslo Airport .
It was unclear when traffic would resume .
International flights south and east from the main Oslo airport were still not affected , agency NTB said .
( CNN ) --
As the priest abuse scandal continues to roil Europe , a growing chorus of American Catholics pressed the Vatican to adopt the same reforms that the U.S. Catholic Church did in 2002 , following revelations of a similar abuse scandal .
The American reforms , adopted by the U.S. Catholic bishops the same year the Boston , Massachusetts , scandal broke , include a zero tolerance approach toward priests who are known to have abused children ; mandatory reporting of abuse allegations to authorities ; and the creation of local boards of lay Catholics to respond to such allegations .
" The tragedy is that the Europeans did n't get their house in order when they saw what was happening in the United States because they thought [ abuse by priests ] was an American problem , " said Thomas Reese , a Jesuit priest at Georgetown University .
" If they had adopted our reforms , they would be in a much better situation today . "
Though the 2002 reforms were adopted as binding church law in the United States , neither the Vatican nor the Catholic Church in Europe or other parts of the world followed suit .
This week , Reese and other prominent Catholics began calling for the Vatican to do so .
" There is no need to reinvent the solution to the problems in Europe , " said Nick Cafardi , dean emeritus of Duquesne University 's School of Law , who has advised the U.S. church on abuse .
" We already have one , and it's the canon law in the United States .
It needs to be made law for the entire world . "
Bishops ' conferences in some European countries have already informally adopted certain American reforms , particularly the so - called one strike and you 're out rule for abusive priests .
" In many European nations , the groundwork has already been laid , " said John Allen , CNN 's Vatican analyst .
But it 's difficult to know if the Vatican will follow the American church 's lead , even as the abuse allegations have been piling up in Germany , Austria , Switzerland and the Netherlands .
That 's because bishops generally avoid publicly giving advice to the pope -- the lone church official who could institute a global church reform .
Pope 's preacher compares abuse fury to anti-Semitism
With the Catholic Church facing hostile governments in some countries , church experts say the Vatican is unlikely to globalize the U.S. rule requiring church officials to report abuse allegations to the police .
But Vatican watchers say some sort of reforms are possible .
" Developments in Europe have kick - started the Vatican on a couple levels , " said Allen , who is also senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter .
" One is that they need to do something , but another is on a PR level -- of showing that they 're doing something . "
There is disagreement over how effective the American reforms have been .
Many American Catholics say the 2002 reforms -- called the Dallas Norms after the Texas city where they were adopted -- have been shown to work .
The reforms require an annual report from the U.S. bishops on the number of abuse allegations against the church and a tally of confirmed offenders .
The most recent report , issued in March , found the fewest number of victims , allegations and offenders since 2004 .
Critics say the reports lack credibility because they depend on bishops ' self - reporting allegations and cases of confirmed abuse .
" These are the same bishops that got us into this mess to begin with , " said David Clohessy , director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , a victims ' group .
" After hiding these crimes for decades , we 're supposed to think that they did a 180 [ degree turn ] and are now fully forthcoming ? "
Clohessy's group and other victims ' organizations want the church to open its archives on abuse charges and have called for the firing of bishops who covered up the abuse .
" To be honest , we would oppose the Vatican adopting the U.S. norms because they are so vague and weak and are only sporadically enforced , " Clohessy said .
" The evidence has shown that no institution can police itself . "
" If you operate equipment in a frequency band which is different from the others that operate on that frequency band , then there will be interference , " said Nati Schubert , a senior deputy director for the Communications Ministry .
" We do n't care where people buy their equipment .
...
But without regulation , you would have chaos . "
am i the only one that noticed the photo of the heavy on the desk ?
I 'm a fan of Thomas Aquinas , he contributed a fair share to philosophy .
Among his better known contributions is the first mover argument , or the argument from first cause .
This one goes waaaaay back to around 1250 .
Though Aquinas was a great thinker , he was a bit odd when it came to the supernatural : I heard he claimed to have flown around the towers of Notre Dame .
This proof for God is as follows :
p1 . Everything must have a cause .
p2 . Nothing can cause itself .
p3 . A casual chain cannot be infinite .
c1 . Therefore , a first cause has to exist .
This seems like a fairly good argument to some people , but overall this is another argument of wanting , it only convinces those who are friendly to the conclusion to begin with .
The first problem we see with this proof is familiar : it 's illogical to simply plug your favorite god into the argument as the first cause , or the unmoved mover .
This is n't ' Nam man , we have rules .
If it can be the Christian God ( CG ) , it can just as easily be the Flying Spaghetti Monster .
It 's another one of those arguments that starts with a canvas of logic , then quickly spirals into a work that resembles a confused watercolor from yours truly after half a day on the whiskey .
Putting that aside , another obvious problem is presented , a pretty bad self - contradiction haunts this proof .
It 's not kosher to say everything has to have a cause , then turn around and say that one special cause itself does n't need any cause at all .
This has the familiar stench of special pleading , which is reflective of the time Aquinas did his philosophy ; back then , if your work did n't include the CG you may have found yourself out of the evolutionary contest .
Also , this argument calls for the question of where does the God come from ?
Does the God have a cause ?
If it does -- or could -- then all we 've done is stalled the proof at the insertion of God with no empirical way to move forward .
It may be said that adding the CG to this argument only muddles the infinite casual chain even more , since we can't determine if the CG has a cause or not .
On the subject of infinity , it 's worth noting that our minds are not fond of dealing with it , but that does n't mean the rest of reality shares our baggage with the concept .
This solipsism is obviously not supported when we look at how little the universe seems to care about our comforts and welfare ; are we supposed to believe that the universe with an age of about 14,000,000,000 years cares about the mental constraints of a young ( 200,000 years tops ? ) upstart race on a remote planet that itself is hostile to their very existence ?
Clearly , the universe does n't have a care for us : one day it will give you beautiful child that fills your life with a purpose far beyond driven , and the next morning : a fatal brain aneurysm .
It 's clear to see that our kind is n't meant to stand as the primary benefactor of all creation , and it stands to reason that reality does n't care about our uneasiness with infinity .
In relation to infinite casual chains , there have been more than a few scientists armed with information unknown to Aquinas , that have come forward to say that the big bang was the beginning of everything , in all dimensions , so asking what came before the big bang is like asking what 's farther north than the north pole .
Overall , this argument is n't going to convince that many thinkers ( anymore ) , but considering what Aquinas had to work with , and the conditions he had to work under , he made some real pieces of work that have lasted quite a long time .
Thanks for sticking through the longish article , I hope you found it worth the effort .
5EH7DKN7WAEA
" The Yankee empire does n't want us to have one single little plane , " he said , adding : " We do n't really care what Washington thinks .
We are n't making alliances here against Washington . "
Over 6 months ago , I revealed an Emacs Lisp version of ` M- x '.
I was pleased to have a few Emacs users who greeted a Lisp replacement for this core primitive with excitement .
What 's the benefit of having a Lisp version ?
Well , it 's easier to change than the C version .
The syntax is easier and there is no compilation step .
Here 's a modification I made to the original .
It 's a small change , but makes for a good example .
It introduces a different representation of the prefix argument in the Minibuffer .
Typically , hitting ` C-u ' before ` M-x ' will show " C- u M-x " in the Minibuffer .
However , if you issue more than one ` C-u ' , then it just becomes a numeric argument and becomes " 16 M-x " , " 64 M-x " , " 256 M-x " and so on .
The small patch inserted below will show " C- u C-u M-x " , " C- u C-u C-u M-x " , " C - u C-u C-u C-u M-x " and so on , respectively .
There 's a good argument for the original behavior , since the powers of 4 are not that memorable to everyone .
Letting Emacs handle the arithmetic and show it is helpful .
However , visual feedback for what you 're typing is a good interface design rule as well .
As you can tell I 'm agnostic , but like how this small change only takes a small bit of change to the code .
--- m-x.el 2009/08/25 00:03:17 1.1 +++ m-x.el 2009/08/25 00:07:12 1.1.1.1 @@ - 22,8 +22,11 @@ ( cond ( ( eq prefixarg '-) " - " ) ( ( and ( consp prefixarg ) - ( = ( car prefixarg ) 4 ) ) - " C-u " ) + ( zerop ( % ( car prefixarg ) 4 ) ) ) + ( apply ' concat + ( make - list ( truncate + ( log ( car prefixarg ) 4 ) ) + " C-u " ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp prefixarg ) ( integerp ( car prefixarg ) ) ) ( format " %d " ( car prefixarg ) ) )
Emacs knows the difference between a prefix argument with ` C-u ' and a numeric argument with ` M - 4 ' or ` C - 4 '.
So , ` M - 1 M - 6 M-x ' does not show " C- u C-u M-x " in the Minibuffer .
Here 's the complete version of the code .
;; Based on Fexecute_extended_command in keyboard.c of Emacs . ;; Aaron S. Hawley < aaron.s.hawley(at)gmail.com > 2009 -08 -24 ( defun execute - extended - command ( prefixarg ) " Read function name , then read its arguments and call it .
To pass a numeric argument to the command you are invoking with , specify the numeric argument to this command .
Noninteractively , the argument PREFIXARG is the prefix argument to give to the command you invoke , if it asks for an argument . " ( interactive " P " ) ;;
The call to completing - read wil start and cancel the hourglass , ;; but if the hourglass was already scheduled , this means that no ;; hourglass will be shown for the actual M-x command itself . ;;
So we restart it if it is already scheduled .
Note that checking ;; hourglass_shown_p is not enough , normally the hourglass is not shown , ; ; just scheduled to be shown .
( let * ( ( hstarted ( and ( symbolp window - system ) ( eq void - text - area - pointer ' hourglass ) ) ) ( saved - keys ( this - command - keys - vector ) ) ;; ?\M-x ( buf ( concat ( cond ( ( eq prefixarg '- ) "- " ) ( ( and ( consp prefixarg ) ( zerop ( % ( car prefixarg ) 4 ) ) ) ( apply ' concat ( make - list ( truncate ( log ( car prefixarg ) 4 ) ) " C-u " ) ) ) ( ( and ( consp prefixarg ) ( integerp ( car prefixarg ) ) ) ( format " %d " ( car prefixarg ) ) ) ( ( integerp prefixarg ) ( format " %d " prefixarg ) ) ( t " " ) ) " M-x " ) ) ( function ( completing - read buf obarray ' commandp t nil ' extended - command - history ) ) ) ( if hstarted ( setq void - text - area - pointer ' hourglass ) ) ( if ( and ( stringp function ) (= ( length function ) 0 ) ) ( error " No command name given " ) ;;
Set this _command_keys to the concatenation of saved - keys and ;; function , followed by a RET .
( setq saved - keys ( vconcat saved - keys function [ return ] ) ) ( setq function ( intern function ) ) ) ( setq prefix - arg prefixarg ) ( setq this - command function ) ( command - execute function ' record saved - keys ) ;;
If enabled , show which key runs this command .
( if ( and ( not ( null suggest - key - bindings ) ) ( null executing - kbd - macro ) ) ;;
If the command has a key binding , print it now .
( let ( ( bindings ( where - is- internal function overriding - local - map t ) ) ( waited ) ) ;;
But first wait , and skip the message if there is input .
( when ( and ( not ( null bindings ) ) ( not ( and ( vectorp bindings ) ( eq ( aref bindings 0 ) ' mouse - movement ) ) ) ) ;;
If this command displayed something in the echo area ; ;; wait a few seconds , then display our suggestion message .
( if ( null ( current - message ) ) ( setq waited ( sit - for 0 ) ) ( if ( numberp suggest - key - bindings ) ( setq waited ( sit - for suggest - key - bindings ) ) ( setq waited ( sit - for 2 ) ) ) ) ( when ( and ( not ( null waited ) ) ( not ( consp unread - command - events ) ) ) ( with - temp - message ( current - message ) ( let ( ( binding ( key - description bindings ) ) ) ( message " You can run the command ` %s ' with %s " function binding ) ( if ( numberp suggest - key - bindings ) ( setq waited ( sit - for suggest - key - bindings ) ) ( setq waited ( sit- for 2 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( provide ' m -x )
Consider putting the above in a file called m- x.el , then put the file in you load - path and add the following to your .emacs file .
( load " m- x " )
FOSTER'S has pulled an advertising campaign that it admitted was too risque for TV just days after it released it online .
The series of seven ads for Carlton Draught , which make reference to '' man plums ' ' and ' ' goolies ' ' , were put on the internet last Wednesday .
The company aborted a TV campaign in late February days before it was due to go to air , after senior executives in the listed alcohol manufacturer got cold feet about the ads .
The company then decided that having spent the best part of the $ 200,000 in fees and production , it felt compelled to release it on the internet in the hope that somehow only its target market of 18 - to 30 - year - old men would see it .
By the year 2000 , if present trends continue , we will be using up crude oil at such a rate … that there wo n’t be any more crude oil .
You ’ll drive up to the pump and say , ` Fill ‘ er up , buddy , ’ and he ’ll say , `I am very sorry , there is n’t any . ’ ”
Ecologist Kenneth Watt made that statement on the inaugural Earth Day in 1970 .
The “ peak oil ” warning has been going on long before that , but here we are ten years after Watt ’s deadline and we ’re globally consuming 85 million barrels of oil per day with increasing amounts of proven reserves each year .
Three decades ago , proven oil reserves were 645 billion barrels ; five years ago it was 1.28 trillion and in 2009 it was 1.34 trillion .
Yet the push to transition to renewable , allegedly cleaner sources of energy has never been stronger .
The question to ask is : why ?
A large part of the answer , and the justification for subsidies , tax credits and mandates for renewables , is that they will help cool our planet ’s fever .
Setting aside the debate of whether our planet is in need of any remedy , the truth is what the government selects as green energy is n’t as green they promote .
Robert Bryce , author of the new book , Power Hungry : The Myths of ‘ Green ’ Energy and the Real Fuels of the Future , explains :
Unfortunately , solar and wind technologies require huge amounts of land to deliver relatively small amounts of energy , disrupting natural habitats .
Even an aging natural gas well producing 60,000 cubic feet per day generates more than 20 times the watts per square meter of a wind turbine .
A nuclear power plant cranks out about 56 watts per square meter , eight times as much as is derived from solar photovoltaic installations .
The real estate that wind and solar energy demand led the Nature Conservancy to issue a report last year critical of “ energy sprawl , ” including tens of thousands of miles of high - voltage transmission lines needed to carry electricity from wind and solar installations to distant cities .
Nor does wind energy substantially reduce CO2 emissions .
Since the wind does n’t always blow , utilities must use gas - or coal - fired generators to offset wind ’s unreliability .
The result is minimal — or no — carbon dioxide reduction . ”
But it ’s actually worse than that .
The intermittency of wind forces coal and gas - fired plants to operate inefficiently and actually increase emissions .
This has proven to be the case in Colorado and Texas , two states that have adopted a renewable portfolio standard , which mandates that wind be included in the state ’s electricity supply .
A new study from the Independent Petroleum Association of Mountain States finds that :
Coal - fired power plants are designed to run most efficiently at stable rates and are not well - suited to accommodate the load variability imposed by the integration with wind generation .
Cycling causes coal - fired power plants to operate less efficiently , and reduces the effectiveness of their environmental control equipment , which together drive up emissions .
Paradoxically , using wind energy in such a way that it forces utilities to cycle their coal generation often results in greater SO2 , NOX and CO2 emissions than would have occurred if less wind energy were generated and coal generation was not cycled . ”
Politicians can’t account for these unintended consequences that occur when trying to plan our nation ’s energy future .
And that ’s reason enough not to do so .
This cake looks amazing !
Here ’s the message I got from Chris of sidestageprinting about it :
hey there , for my 25th birthday last week my mom made me a cake .
she makes a lot of cool cakes , but since i’m a die hard LOST fan , i asked her to make me a LOST cake .
It turned out absolutely amazing .
here is the flickr with some photos of it .
feel free to post it .
my mom would get a real kick out of seeing her cake on the internet !
Happy birthday Chris !
( Adds quotes and background )
WASHINGTON , April 23 ( Reuters ) - Vice President Joe Biden predicted on Friday the U.S. economy would create 100,000 to 200,000 jobs next month , with a rise to 250,000 to 500,000 jobs per month soon afterward , according to a press pool report .
“ We caught a lot of bad breaks on the way down .
We ’re going to catch a few good breaks because of good planning on the way up , ” Biden told a political fundraiser in Pittsburgh , the pool report said , as he hailed the Obama administration ’s recovery efforts .
President Barack Obama has insisted that boosting jobs is his top domestic priority , mindful that persistently high unemployment could mean heavy losses for his Democrats in November ’s congressional elections .
U.S. employers created 162,000 jobs in March , the fastest rate in three years and widely seen as another sign the recovery from deep recession was moving onto solid footing .
But the unemployment rate held steady at 9.7 percent , the Labor Department said .
“ All in all , we ’re going to be creating somewhere between 100,000 and 200,000 jobs next month , I predict , ” Biden was quoted as saying , while acknowledging he “ got in trouble ” for a job growth prediction in March .
“ Even some in the White House said ‘ Hey , do n’t get ahead of yourself . ’
Well I ’m here to tell you some time in the next couple of months we ’re going to be creating between 250,000 jobs a month and 500,000 jobs a month . ”
( Reporting by Matt Spetalnick ; Editing by John O’Callaghan )
Favorite Answer
What your seeing is not Semen at all .
It is the lubricant all male dogs make to allow their penis to slide in & out of the sheath .
All male dogs will leak this from time to time neutered or not .
The only time you should worry is when it turns a green or has blood tinged in it .
The color you seeing is normal .
It 's just a boy thing !
A young lady explains how reading Harry Potter books led her to a life of sex , drugs , vampirism , witchcraft , and atheism
Sergeant suspended in College Park beating
In a widening investigation , Prince George 's County Police have suspended a sergeant who was at the scene of a beating last month of an unarmed University of Maryland student as crowds took to the streets celebrating a basketball victory .
The beating was caught on video and surfaced publicly Monday .
In response to questions from The Washington Post , police spokesman Maj .
Andy Ellis confirmed the supervisor ’s suspension , which occurred Tuesday night .
Action against the sergeant follows an earlier suspension of the officer who had filed charging documents about the incident .
The sworn charging documents made no mention of the beating and wrongly said two students had assaulted police on horseback who were controlling the throngs near the College Park campus on March 3 .
The FBI and state ’s attorney ’s office in Prince George ’s both are investigating police conduct in the incident in which video shows two officers in riot gear rushing John J. McKenna , 21 , and pinning him against a wall before repeatedly hitting him with batons .
As McKenna crumples to the ground in the video , a third officer is shown hitting McKenna in the legs and torso with a baton .
Neither of the two officers suspended so far were directly involved in the beating , Ellis said Wednesday , adding that the department “ is closer to identifying the officers who wielded the batons and we may have that as early as today . ”
The sergeant 's suspension comes a day after Police Chief Roberto L. Hylton said officers who witnessed the incident had “ a duty ” to intervene or at least report the use of force .
The video shot by another student was released Monday by an attorney for McKenna , who originally was charged with felonies for allegedly attacking officers and their mounts .
Those charges were dropped without comment just before the video surfaced .
Ellis said the officer who wrote the charging documents “ also was not directly at the scene ” but had been working as a processing officer writing up accounts provided to him by the officers making arrests .
Who provided the account in the charging documents “ is part of the investigation , ” Ellis said .
The documents allege that McKenna and Benjamin C. Donat , 19 , were running and screaming in the middle of Route 1 , prompting an unruly crowd to form .
Donat is not shown in the video .
Charges against Donat , also a University of Maryland student , were dropped Friday .
The video does not show McKenna making any aggressive move toward the mounted officers .
In all , 28 students were arrested or cited March 3 after a Maryland basketball victory over Duke , sparking a debate between police and students over how and when to break up groups of revelers .
-- Mary Pat Flaherty and Ruben Castaneda
“ Girls with Guns ” Snack Pack !
We said we ’d put together an excellent new package deal for you every month .
Sure , this one ’s a teensy little bit late .
But it ’s so good that we think you ’ll forgive us .
So now , with no further ado , we bring you ( drum roll , please … ) the “ Girls with Guns ” snack pack !
This package deal brings together histories of the remarkable women who overcame the gender norms and discrimination that were stacked up against them and rose up to fight in the Spanish , Mexican , and Russian Revolutions .
Buy them as a set and get all three books for $ 27.50 — that ’s less than the price of two !
Titles included in the “ Girls with Guns ” snack pack are :
Free Women of Spain : Anarchism And The Struggle For The Emancipation Of Women
by Martha Ackelsberg ( AK Press )
The Mujeres Libres mobilized over 20,000 women into an organized network during the Spanish Revolution , to strive for community , education , and equality for women and the emancipation of all .
Free Women of Spain is a comprehensive study of the Mujeres Libres , intertwining interviews with the women themselves and analysis connecting them with modern feminist movements .
Las Soldaderas : Women of the Mexican Revolution
by Elena Poniatowska ( Cinco Puntos Press )
The photographs and commentary in Las Soldaderas rescue the women of the Mexican Revolution from the dust and oblivion of history .
These are the Adelitas and Valentinas celebrated in famous corridos mexicanos , but whose destiny was much more profound and tragic than the idealistic words of ballads .
Without the soldaderas there is no Mexican Revolution .
Atamansha : The Story of Maria Nikiforova , the Anarchist Joan of Arc
by Malcolm Archibald ( Black Cat Press )
The Ukrainian anarchist Maria Nikiforova ( 1885 –1919 ) rose from the slums of industrial Alexandrovsk to become a ferocious terrorist and military commander who sacrificed everything for the cause of the Russian Revolution .
Her exploits became the stuff of folklore , but she was “ blacklisted ” by official historians and her story was lost for generations .
Now her story is finally available again !
Linux : Finding new , good - looking , and complete themes for Linux systems can be a serious scavenger hunt .
The Bisigi Project provides 13 free , well - rounded themes you can install all at once , customized for your monitor size .
Take a peek at five of them .
Advertisement
You 'll need to pull off a few terminal commands to install the Bisigi repository in your Ubuntu , ArchLinux , or Frugalware system , but copy - and - paste code is available at the Install page .
Once you 're set up , head to where you choose themes for your system ( that 's in Appearance , under Preferences , on an Ubuntu system ) .
Update : Many commenters note that you can install Bisigi Themes from inside the very useful Ubuntu Tweak app , if you 'd like to avoid all that repository and terminal work .
Each of the 13 themes Bisigi provides has a chosen icon set , a suggested wallpaper , and color tweaks that you 'll see throughout your system .
One theme , Airlines , switches its wallpaper as day turns into night .
Here 's a look at five of Bisigi 's themes , installed on my Ubuntu system , with a Docky dock at the bottom showing some of the folder / icon changes .
Click on any of the thumbnails below for a larger view :
Bisigi's theme package is a free download , available with supported repositories for Ubuntu , ArchLinux , and Frugalware systems , or as a source package that most Linux users ( on GNOME - based systems ) should be able to extract themes from .
Thanks to Jordan Conway for the tip !
Advertisement
Bisigi Project [ via @jordanconway ]
Cross-posted from Think Progress .
Massey Energy is actively contesting millions of dollars of fines for safety violations at its West Virginia coal mine where disaster struck yesterday afternoon .
Twenty - five miners were killed and another four are missing after a explosion took place at 3 pm Monday at Massey subsidiary Performance Coal Co. ’s Upper Big Branch Mine - South between the towns of Montcoal and Naoma .
It is “ the most people killed in a U.S. mine since 1984 , when 27 died in a fire at Emery Mining Corp . ’s mine in Orangeville , Utah . ”
This deadly mine has been cited for over 3,000 violations by the Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) , 638 since 2009 :
Since 1995 , Massey ’s Upper Big Branch - South Mine has been cited for 3,007 safety violations .
Massey is contesting 353 violations , and 127 are delinquent .
[ MSHA ]
Massey is contesting over a third ( 34.7 percent ) of the 516 safety citations the Upper Big Branch - South Mine received in 2009 , its greatest count in the last 15 years .
[ MSHA ]
In March 2010 , 53 new safety citations were issued for Massey ’s Upper Big Branch - South Mine , including violations of its mine ventilation plan . [ MSHA ]
Massey is now contesting $ 1,128,833 in fines for safety violations at the deadly Upper Big Branch - South Mine , with a further $ 246,320 in delinquent fines :
Over $ 2.2 million in fines have been assessed against Massey ’s Upper Big Branch - South Mine since 1995 , with $ 791,327 paid .
Massey is contesting $ 1,128,833 in fines .
Massey ’s delinquent fines total $ 246,320 . [ MSHA ]
Massey is contesting $ 251,613 in fines for citations for Upper Big Branch - South Mine ’s ventilation plan . [ MSHA ]
Before yesterday ’s tragic explosion , there have been three fatalities at Massey ’s Upper Big Branch - South Mine in the last 12 years — one each in 1998 , 2001 , and 2003 .
Massey ’s corrupt CEO , U.S. Chamber of Commerce board member Don Blankenship , has previously told employees that it was more important to “ run coal ” than follow safety regulations .
In 2002 , President George W. Bush “ named former Massey Energy official Stanley Suboleski to the MSHA review commission that decides all legal matters under the Federal Mine Act , ” and cut 170 positions from MSHA .
Bush ’s MSHA chief , Dick Stickler , was a former manager of Beth Energy mines , which “ incurred injury rates double the national average . ”
On Oct. 21 , 2009 , the Senate confirmed President Barack Obama ’s choice to replace Stickler , Joe Main , a “ career union official and mine safety expert . ”
Massey ’s Suboleski is still an active review commissioner .
Jobs may still be scarce in today 's economy , but there 's no shortage of nasty IT work -- as the third annual installment of our Dirty IT Jobs series clearly demonstrates .
Some tech jobs are literally dirty ; digging around the innards of a data center or running network cables through crawlspaces , for example , can leave you deeply in need of a shower .
[ Also on InfoWorld : For more dirty IT jobs , see " The 7 dirtiest jobs in IT " and " Even dirtier IT jobs :
The muck stops here " |
Find out which of our eight classic IT personality types best suit your temperament by taking the InfoWorld IT personality type quiz . ]
More often , though , dirty IT jobs put people in tough positions -- like having to explain to a crew of arrogant geeks why the network can't be upgraded the same day payroll needs to run ; or why you 're not a spammer despite what it says on your business card ; or how lying about your company 's products is probably not a good strategy for long - term growth .
You may be forced to take the blame for a failed project even when it's not your fault or to expose wrongdoing at your workplace even if it puts your career at risk .
Dirty jobs never rest , and neither do the people charged with doing them .
Be thankful you are n't one of them .
And if you are -- well , at least you have a job .
Right ?
What dirty jobs have we missed ?
Nominate yours in our dirty IT jobs discussion thread .
Go to : Dirty IT job No. 7 : Email ninja
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Nick Anderson offers a different rationale for allowing Catholic priests to marry :
This feature may not be reproduced or distributed electronically , in print or otherwise without the written permission of uclick and Universal Press Syndicate
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Capital subscription
Last updated on 30 January 2020
The capital of the ECB comes from the national central banks ( NCBs ) of all EU Member States and amounts to €10,825,007,069.61 .
The NCBs ’ shares in this capital are calculated using a key which reflects the respective country ’s share in the total population and gross domestic product of the EU .
These two determinants have equal weighting .
The ECB adjusts the shares every five years and whenever there is a change in the number of NCBs that contribute to the ECB ’s capital .
These NCBs are those whose countries are Member States of the EU .
The adjustment is made on the basis of data provided by the European Commission .
Since the start of Stage Three of Economic and Monetary Union on 1 January 1999 the capital key has changed eight times : a five - yearly update was made on 1 January 2004 , on 1 January 2009 , on 1 January 2014 and on 1 January 2019 ; additional changes were made on 1 May 2004 ( when the Czech Republic , Estonia , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Slovenia and Slovakia joined the EU ) , on 1 January 2007 ( when Bulgaria and Romania joined the EU ) , on 1 July 2013 ( when Croatia joined the EU ) and on 1 February 2020 ( following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU ) .
Euro area national central banks
The paid - up subscriptions of euro area NCBs to the capital of the ECB amount to a total of €7,583,649,493.38 and break down as follows :
Euro area NCBs ’ contributions to the ECB ’s capital ( 1 )
National central bank Capital key % Paid - up capital ( € )
(1) The euro area NCBs will pay up in full their increased subscriptions as a result of the Bank of England ’s withdrawal from the European System of Central Banks in two annual instalments at the end of 2021 and 2022 respectively ( see ECB press release published on the ECB ’s website on 30 January 2020 ) .
(2) Owing to rounding , the total may not correspond to the sum of all figures shown .
Nationale Bank van België / Banque Nationale de Belgique ( Belgium ) 2.9630 276,290,916.71 Deutsche Bundesbank ( Germany ) 21.4394 1,999,160,134.91 Eesti Pank ( Estonia ) 0.2291 21,362,892.01 Central Bank of Ireland ( Ireland ) 1.3772 128,419,794.29 Bank of Greece ( Greece ) 2.0117 187,585,027.73 Banco de España ( Spain ) 9.6981 904,318,913.05 Banque de France ( France ) 16.6108 1,548,907,579.93 Banca d'Italia ( Italy ) 13.8165 1,288,347,435.28 Central Bank of Cyprus ( Cyprus ) 0.1750 16,318,228.29 Latvijas Banka ( Latvia ) 0.3169 29,549,980.26 Lietuvos bankas ( Lithuania ) 0.4707 43,891,371.75
Banque centrale du Luxembourg ( Luxembourg ) 0.2679 24,980,876.34 Central Bank of Malta ( Malta ) 0.0853 7,953,970.70 De Nederlandsche Bank ( The Netherlands ) 4.7662 444,433,941.02 Oesterreichische Nationalbank ( Austria ) 2.3804 221,965,203.55 Banco de Portugal ( Portugal ) 1.9035 177,495,700.29 Banka Slovenije ( Slovenia ) 0.3916 36,515,532.56 Národná banka Slovenska ( Slovakia ) 0.9314 86,850,273.32 Suomen Pankki – Finlands Bank ( Finland ) 1.4939 139,301,721.39 Total ( 2 ) 81.3286 7,583,649,493.38
The net profits and losses of the ECB are allocated among the euro area NCBs in accordance with Article 33 of the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank :
Legal framework
Allocation of net profits and losses of the ECB
33.1 .
The net profit of the ECB shall be transferred in the following order :
an amount to be determined by the Governing Council , which may not exceed 20 % of the net profit , shall be transferred to the general reserve fund subject to a limit equal to 100 % of the capital ; the remaining net profit shall be distributed to the shareholders of the ECB in proportion to their paid - up shares .
33.2 .
In the event of a loss incurred by the ECB , the shortfall may be offset against the general reserve fund of the ECB and , if necessary , following a decision by the Governing Council , against the monetary income of the relevant financial year in proportion and up to the amounts allocated to the national central banks in accordance with Article 32.5 .
Non-euro area national central banks
The EU ’s eight non-euro area NCBs are required to contribute to the operational costs incurred by the ECB in relation to their participation in the European System of Central Banks by paying up a small percentage of their share in the ECB ’s subscribed capital .
Since 29 December 2010 their contributions have represented 3.75 % of their total share in the subscribed capital .
The capital paid to the ECB by the non-euro area NCBs amounts to €75,794,263.89 and breaks down as follows :
Non-euro area NCBs ’ contributions to the ECB ’s capital
National central bank Capital key % Paid - up capital ( € ) ( 1 ) Owing to rounding , the total may not correspond to the sum of all figures shown .
Българска народна банка ( Bulgarian National Bank ) ( Bulgaria ) 0.9832 3,991,180.11 Česká národní banka ( Czech Republic ) 1.8794 7,629,194.36 Danmarks Nationalbank ( Denmark ) 1.7591 7,140,851.23 Hrvatska narodna banka ( Croatia ) 0.6595 2,677,159.56 Magyar Nemzeti Bank ( Hungary ) 1.5488 6,287,164.11 Narodowy Bank Polski ( Poland ) 6.0335 24,492,255.06 Banca Naţională a României ( Romania ) 2.8289 11,483,573.44 Sveriges Riksbank ( Sweden ) 2.9790 12,092,886.02 Total (1 ) 18.6714 75,794,263.89
The non-euro area NCBs are not entitled to receive any share of the distributable profits of the ECB , nor are they liable to fund any losses of the ECB .
Press releases
CHERRY HILL TWP .
--
Officials from throughout the state gathered at Cherry Hill High School
West this afternoon to mark the passage of a new law that goes into effect tomorrow .
Starting tomorrow , drivers will be required to come to a complete stop and remain stopped for pedestrians in crosswalks .
Prior to this , the law only required drivers to yield .
Now , a violation could mean a two - point penalty on the driver 's license , a $ 200 fine , and possibly 15 days of community service as well as insurance surcharges .
Pam Fischer , director of the Division of Highway Traffic Safety , said her division is working with law enforcement throughout the state to educate drivers about the new law .
Warnings may be issued first , she said .
Last year , there were 157 pedestrian deaths in New Jersey - an increase over the previous two years .
The new law will be detailed in the New Jersey Driver Manual , available online here .
by ·
Whether you ’ve been eating healthy for years , or you ’re just starting out , your body can accumulate toxins and other impurities .
A build up of these materials can come from pesticides , foods that contain trans fats , exhaust fumes from cars , or certain chemicals in soda .
A good way to combat this build up is to treat your body to a detoxification , or cleanse .
There are many detoxifying drinks that you can make to cleanse your body of toxins and impurities .
One of the more famous drinks is the lemon Cayenne Pepper detox drink .
When you take the leap to try this detox diet , you ’ll be expected to drink anywhere from six to twelve glasses of the mixture every day , for a period of seven to ten days .
To get the full benefits of this cleanse , it is recommended that no solid food be consumed , as solid food will hinder the results of the drink .
It is OK , however , to consume herbal tea or salt water while on this detox diet .
It is very easy to make this detox drink at home .
Here is a step by step guide on how to make the lemon Cayenne pepper detox drink .
You ’ll want to have the correct ingredients on hand to start out .
To make the lemon cayenne detox drink you ’ll need …
Lemon juice
Cayenne pepper
Natural maple syrup
Filtered water
You ’ll also need a cup or a mug that will hold 10 ounces of water .
Step 1 :
Pour five ounces of filtered water into your cup .
Use filtered water instead of water from the tap .
There can be quite a few impurities in regular tap water .
You can use bottled water as an alternative .
Step 2 :
Put in two tablespoons of fresh lemon juice into the water .
It is best to use the juice from freshly squeezed lemons .
It is preferable to use organic lemons .
Be sure that no pulp or seeds gets into the mixture .
Two tablespoons is roughly equal to half a lemon .
It is suggested to never use concentrated lemon juice .
You wo n’t get the full benefits , as concentrated juice contains added sugar and preservatives .
Step 3 :
Add in two tablespoons of natural maple syrup to the mixture .
This should be organic grade B maple syrup .
Make sure it ’s genuine maple syrup , and not maple flavored syrup .
The maple syrup helps to control hunger , and is a source of energy for the body .
Step 4 :
Mix in 1/10 teaspoon of Cayenne pepper .
The Cayenne pepper will help speed up your metabolism .
Cayenne pepper also helps loosen up mucus , and is a good source of Vitamin B and Vitamin C .
Step 5 :
Add in the remaining five ounces of filtered water .
Be sure to mix thoroughly .
This recipe is for one serving of the detox drink .
If you want to make more servings to have on hand throughout the day , just adjust the amounts of the ingredients accordingly .
It is recommended to not store this detox drink for more than 24 hours .
It is best to consume the drink when it ’s first made to reap all of the benefits .
It is OK to consume this drink hot or cold .
It depends of which you prefer .
You ’ll get the same benefits either way .
Now that you know how to make the lemon Cayenne pepper detox drink , you can start cleansing your body of all the impurities and toxins .
Along with the elimination of toxins , this detox drink can also cleanse the kidneys and digestive system .
It can purify all of the cells and glands in the body .
This detox drink can also help eliminate built up material and waste in the muscles and joints .
It can relieve irritation and pressure in the arteries , blood vessels , and nerves .
This cleansing drink can help with the anti-aging process as well as keep the blood stream of the body healthy .
While taking the lemon Cayenne pepper detox drink , there ’s a good chance you will see some weight loss .
Especially if you follow the entire detox plan .
There ’s also a good chance of some weight gain , once the allotted time for the detox is over .
It is always best to talk with your doctor before starting any type of diet .
When it comes to detox diets , it ’s even more important .
Comments
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 23rd , 2010
Via : Register :
A federal grand jury has indicted two computer programmers on fraud and conspiracy charges for developing programs used by Bernard Madoff to cook the books in his billion - dollar ponzi scheme .
Jerome O’Hara and George Perez knowingly created the programs that removed or altered key data contained in reports submitted to regulators in the United States and Europe , according to the indictment filed Wednesday in US District Court in Manhattan .
Among other things , their code contained algorithms to randomly generate times for purported orders that in fact were never made .
The reports were generated on “ House 17 , ” an IBM AS / 400 server kept on the 17th floor of Madoff ’s offices that had no link to the outside world , prosecutors allege .
To ensure the reports appeared genuine , the server pulled partial information from a separate AS / 400 that was linked to the Depository Trust Company and other third parties .
“ The books and records generated by the House 17 programs for [ Madoff ’s ] business were entirely false and fraudulent because , among other things , they purported to reflect securities transactions that , in fact , had never been executed , ” prosecutors allege in the indictment .
The document goes on to claim that the programmers knew their programs were being used to falsify information being provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the European Accounting Firm , and sought to profit from their expertise .
In 2006 , O’Hara and Perez cashed Madoff checks worth $ 976,000 and $ 289,000 respectively .
That same year , the pair threatened to leave their jobs unless they received raises of 20 per cent .
Madoff not only met their demands , he also gave them raises of $ 64,812 and $ 60,165 .
They were charged with one count each of conspiracy , falsifying records of a broker - dealer and falsifying records of an investment adviser .
If convicted on all counts , the programmers each face 30 years in federal prison and fines of more than $ 5 m .
O’Hara ’s attorney told numerous news outlets that his client intends to plead not guilty .
O’Hara , 47 , and Perez , 44 , who worked at Madoff ’s firm since the early 1990s , were first charged in November for their alleged role in the multi-billion - dollar fraud that spanned decades .
Wednesday ’s charges came after the indictment was returned by a federal grand jury .
Investors sunk about $ 36bn into Madoff ’s ponzi scheme , according to CBS News .
Of that , about $ 18bn was liquidated before the house of cards collapsed and the other half is missing .
Madoff is currently serving a 150 - year prison sentence .
If Batman as an obsessive compulsive hoarder was n't bad enough , then wait until you get a load of this guy .
Italian artist Francesco de Molfetta recently showcased a series of sculptures at the " New Idols " exhibition at Don Gallery in Milan , Italy .
The name of the gallery is n't entirely accurate , as de Molfetta 's sculptures focus entirely on past icons such as Batman , King Kong , E.T. , Barbie , Superman and more - just uglified .
It 's hard to say whether or not these are loving tributes , but they 're certainly crafted with plenty of love , care and talent .
Still , that 's one off - the - rails Batman .
I can't help but look at this sculpture and imagine him as the hockey pad-wearing impostor from " The Dark Knight " after Bruce Wayne tells him what 's what .
If I were that guy , I 'd probably go grab a few dozen ice cream treats , suit up in an old Michael Keaton era Batman costume and cry myself to sleep , too !
[ Source : High Snobiety via Super Punch ]
When it comes to gambling and having fun , everyone wants to have the best …
Suppose I approached you with a request .
I want you to carry a small gadget that will automatically transmit your location to the police , allowing them to track your every movement 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
Chances are you would politely decline .
Too late .
You already accepted .
That gadget , you see , is called a cell phone .
For years , the cops may have been using it to keep close tabs on you without your knowledge , even if you have done nothing wrong .
They do n't have to get a search warrant — which would limit them to situations where they can show some reason to think you 're breaking the law .
All they have to do is tell a judge that the information is relevant to a criminal investigation and send a request to your service provider .
This does not appear to be an uncommon event .
Al Gidari , an attorney for several service providers , told Newsweek they now get " thousands of these requests per month . "
Oh , and the data are not limited to your movements today or in the future .
The government can also see records of where you 've been in the past .
So if you got skittish and decided to stop packing a wireless communications device , your privacy would still be at risk .
You can be vulnerable even if the police have no particular interest in you .
Michael Sussmann , another lawyer for service providers , said in 2006 that sometimes , " we get a subpoena for information on one person and then they want all the information on the persons calling or called by them . "
These developments explain why a coalition of organizations and companies — including Google , AT&T , the Competitive Enterprise Institute , and the American Civil Liberties Union — have joined in asking Congress to drag our privacy laws into the 21st century .
They think search warrants should be required before law enforcement can demand this sort of electronic communications information .
You might assume unchecked government surveillance of innocent people went out of style when George W. Bush took his leave .
But this is one of those instances that seem designed to show the futility of trying to change policy by changing the party in power .
Barack Obama 's Justice Department also insists it should have the authority to conduct such tracking without a warrant .
Some judges do n't buy it .
A couple of years ago , a federal court in Pennsylvania said the practice was at odds with both federal law and the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution , which forbids " unreasonable searches and seizures . "
Cell - phone location tracking , the judge concluded , invades the privacy Americans have a right to expect .
No kidding :
It can reveal if someone is having an affair , visiting a gay bar , attending a militia meeting , or tea party event , going to an abortion clinic , seeing a psychiatrist , getting treatment for substance abuse , worshiping at a mosque , and any number of other activities some people would rather conceal from a government they do not fully trust .
Those on the other side think a warrant requirement would be unreasonable , since a cop does n't need court permission to follow you down the street on a hunch .
But Northwestern University law professor Albert Alschuler says , " There 's a big difference between watching you all the time , everywhere you go , and watching you pass by . "
Police departments will never have enough cops to physically tail you and millions of other people constantly .
But the spread of cell phones makes it possible for law enforcement to conduct endless surveillance on a scale that is both vast and intimate .
Privacy protections can become meaningless if we do n't adapt them to new inventions .
Today , we take it for granted that the FBI can't listen to our phone conversations without a search warrant .
But in 1928 , the Supreme Court said the Fourth Amendment did not apply to anyone " who installs in his house a telephone instrument with connecting wires … to project his voice to those quite outside . "
Not until 1967 did the court correct that blunder .
It ruled that " the Fourth Amendment protects people , not places , " including those things a person " seeks to preserve as private , even in an area accessible to the public . "
Maybe it still does .
Or maybe not .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
The Case for Withdrawing From the Middle East by Justin Logan
Two Decades After 2nd Intifada , Still No Partner for Peace by Bashir Abu- Manneh
San Francisco , CA - Yesterday during his keynote at Chirp , the official Twitter developer conference , Twitter CEO Ev Williams gave developers a preview of upcoming features of the service .
The upcoming Twitter CAPTCHA system
The first new feature revealed was a new CAPTCHA system to battle " Twitter - bots " from flooding the system with spam .
A CAPTCHA is a simple test to determine if a user is human or computer .
Williams explained , " We will require new users to validate themselves on the Twitter site , for the first 100 actions they take , be it following someone , or sending out a Tweet .
This should be a barrier to entry that most spammers will not want to endure . "
Williams said that if successful the CAPTCHA system may be applied to all users , and that the API to the system will be released soon .
The next challenge on the list was to make the Twitter service a more family friendly destination .
" We have all ages on the service , and we want to make it appropriate for everyone .
We 're not going to limit anyone 's speech , but we do want to give parents the tools they need , " said Williams .
Twitter will be algorithmically piping questionable tweets to the " Council of Twelders " who will then rate the tweets on age appropriateness using the MPAA rating scale of G , PG , PG - 13 , R and NC - 17 .
This metadata will then be made available through an API , so Twitter clients can be set up to filter tweets based on these ratings if desired .
Expanding their openness to other social networks , each tweet will now be accompanied with links to share the Tweet on other social sites like Reddit , Digg , Facebook etc .
" By joining Twitter , our users have showed a willingness to share .
They 've asked for more ways to share tweets they find appealing .
With our new sharing tools , it wo n't be long until you start seeing popular tweets on the front page of Digg , " said Williams .
Finally , a change that will be welcome by adult Twitterers : segmenting trending topics by age .
" If you enter your age as say 30 years old , you 'll no longer see Justin Bieber as a trending topic , " said Williams .
" You 'll see things more attuned to your age group like # premiumbeers or # reospeedwagon . "
Overall , the developers we talked to were excited about the changes , and they looked forward to Twitter buying them in the future .
Related News Twitter Unveils New Premium Accounts Coming Clean about the Twitter Premium Story Obama in Talks to Nationalize Twitter
Apple started 1984 with a bang .
The Macintosh was finished , and it was well received by the general public , largely due to a highly successful advertising campaign beginning with the 1984 ad .
One year later , Apple was not nearly as successful .
Steve Jobs wanted to kick off the Macintosh Office project , essentially a Macintosh network , with a similarly grandiose Super Bowl ad titled Lemmings .
The ad was a major flop and set the tone for the most disastrous year in Apple history .
Good - bye , Woz
Jobs and Wozniak flew to Washington to accept National Technology medals from President Reagan for their role in the creation of the personal computer market .
By the time Jobs returned to Cupertino , he found out that Wozniak had not only quit Apple , but went to the press with complaints of Apple neglecting the Apple II .
“ We had a shareholder ’s meeting last week and the words ‘ Apple II ’ were not mentioned once . ” ( iCon , p 109 )
The dig from the other cofounder did n’t affect Jobs personally , as the two had hardly been able to conceal their animosity for each other after Wozniak found that Jobs had taken credit for ( and most of the profits from ) Atari Breakout , but the press got another glimpse of a troubled Apple .
The Apple II line had long been the company ’s bread and butter .
The Apple II and its successors financed all of Apple ’s high tech projects , including the Apple III , Lisa , and Macintosh .
Despite competition from companies like IBM and Commodore , the Apple II held its own .
This changed in 1985 .
Since Apple ’s founding , manufacturing numbers were created by a single executive , Del Yokam , based on sales figures from the previous year .
Apple had two major new products in 1984 , the Macintosh and Apple IIc , inflating sales figures dramatically .
Unfortunately , Apple had no major product upgrades to offer in 1984 , and demand dropped precipitously .
Apple had hundreds of millions of dollars of unsold inventory throughout its supply chain .
Dealers stopped placing new orders , and revenues dropped between 1984 and 1985 .
This was at a time when companies such as Compaq and Sun Microsystems were enjoying double digit growth every year .
Jobs recognized his situation .
Resources had been diverted from the Apple II division to the Macintosh / Lisa division .
Apple had no new products and was facing a major sales slump , and many in the company – especially in the Apple II division – attributed the drop to Jobs and his appropriation of resources .
Macintosh Office
After Apple spent over $ 1 million a minute on ad time for Macintosh Office , Jobs had only three relatively minor products to release : a rebadged Lisa 2 named the Macintosh XL , the LaserWriter , and a networking protocol , AppleTalk .
AppleTalk was actually a year late .
The Macintosh XL would be assembled out of spare parts from the Lisa inventory ( by now , only a few hundred Lisas were ordered a month ) and would be discontinued as soon a the parts inventory was exhausted .
Though desktop publishing would become one of Apple ’s most lucrative niches , the LaserWriter had a very small market in 1985 , and many analysts were unimpressed by the machine , which cost more than a nearly identical HP LaserJet ( which did not include Postscript or network support ) .
The AppleTalk announcement was no surprise .
The networking hardware had been included with the original Macintosh ( it used an integrated circuit from Zilog ) , but the software had n’t been finished .
BigMac and FileServer
The two biggest components of the Macintosh Office , the products that would make the Macintosh a viable competitor in the business market , the BigMac and FileServer were still far off in the distance .
Jobs believed that the FileServer would be complete by Fall 1985 and would go on sale in early 1986 .
BigMac , a “ personal workstation ” that would run Macintosh software , had no release date set .
Jobs reacted to the bleak sales figures by cutting luxuries for his division and not making any management changes that might accelerate some of the troubled projects in his division .
The fridges would no longer be stocked with free fruit juice , catered lunches would be canceled , overtime pay would disappear , and no more consultants would be hired .
The only major plan he had to address the Macintosh / Lisa division ’s shortcomings was to replace the distribution division with Federal Express .
With no expensive warehouse facilities , Apple would simply overnight Macintoshes from the Fremont factory around the world .
The plan did n’t really make sense , since Apple ’s distribution did a very good job getting Apple IIs around the world inexpensively .
Jobs tabled the idea .
John Sculley had turned a blind eye to Jobs ’ eccentricities and personality flaws during the first two years of his career at Apple , but by March 1985 , he had had enough .
Sales of the Macintosh , while strong through 1984 , had fallen way short of Jobs ’ predictions of 500,000 for 1985 .
Worse , the project to move the Macintosh to Unix , BigMac , stalled .
1985 was the year of the workstation .
Apollo and the upstart Sun Microsystems were both experiencing record sales , and IBM had recently released the first RISC workstation , the RT / PC .
It even appeared that inexpensive workstations based on the same 68 k line of processors as the Macintosh and Lisa would soon become inexpensive enough to compete with personal computers .
Jobs did n’t want to miss out on the wave and promoted the BigMac ( the center of the Macintosh Office ) as Apple ’s entry into the workstation market .
Jobs hoped to port the Macintosh operating system to Unix and make it possible for developers to take full advantage of Unix ’ multitasking and communications with the user friendly interface of the Macintosh .
Unfortunately , the project had bogged down .
BigMac was supposed to be released in mid-1985 , but it never shipped .
Customers who were looking for “ personal workstations ” had to look elsewhere .
Confronting Jobs
Sculley confronted Jobs in his cubicle , explaining that his management style was ineffective and hurting the Macintosh .
Sculley wanted Jobs to find another cause to champion – and leave running the Macintosh / Lisa division to grownups .
In typical Jobsian fashion , Jobs reamed Sculley .
He believed Apple ’s problems stemmed from Sculley ’s inability to cut costs in inefficient divisions like the Apple II and marketing .
Jobs also blamed Sculley for the Mac ’s problems in the marketplace .
The two bickered with each other until 1:00 a.m. , and Jobs said he would consider moving from the Macintosh / Lisa division .
Jobs was n’t all opposed to the idea of leaving the Macintosh / Lisa division to the care of one of the insiders ( head of manufacturing Debi Coleman , for example ) and starting a think tank at Apple to investigate the future of personal computing .
Sculley had offhandedly mentioned a Jean - Louis Gassée as a successor to Jobs , which worried him .
Steve had brought Gassée over from Apple France ( which Gassée had built from the ground up ) to replace Macintosh marketing director , Mike Murray , but he ’d changed his mind at the last minute .
Perhaps he was put off by the eccentric Jean - Louis , who strutted around in leather pants and spouted entendres and sexist jokes in a heavy French accent .
Jobs did n’t trust Gassée .
Crash and Burn
Sales results for the first quarter of 1985 were released on March 11 , and they were not good .
Macintosh revenues were only 10 % of the projection , meaning that Apple would have to write off unsold inventory .
Suddenly Sculley and Gassée were n’t the only executives to speak openly of replacing Jobs .
Mike Murray , the marketing chief in the Macintosh / Lisa division ( the man who had championed both 1984 and Lemmings ) , wrote a memo saying that Jobs ’ ideological bent came “ at the clear expense of corporate survival . ”
( The Journey is the Reward , p 111 ) Jobs was the first person to whom Murray showed the memo .
For a month after he was shown the memo , Jobs tried to convince the board that Apple ’s ails were actually due to mismanagement at the hands of Sculley .
Apple , Jobs insisted , would make a full recovery if he replaced Sculley as president and CEO .
Murray was unconvinced and distributed the memo around the company under the heading “ DO NOT CIRCULATE , COPY OR SHARE ” ( iCon , p 110 ) .
Jobs did n’t help his case when less than a month later he visited frogdesign ( the firm that had created the Apple IIc case ) and flew into a rage .
He saw that frogdesign was working with Cloud 9 ( Steve Wozniak ’s new company ) and demanded that frogdesign destroy all the models and drop Cloud 9 as a client .
Herbert Pfeiffer , the manager of frogdesign , was not intimidated by Jobs and leaked the story to the press .
A regularly scheduled board meeting was held at the third floor of the headquarters , named Pink Palace .
Jobs decided to avoid the bleak financial results and deliver a joint presentation with Steve Kitchen of Woodside Design , a company that researched flat panel displays .
The presentation began outside the conference room with an Apple IIc and Apple IIe sitting on either side of the door .
The Apple IIc had the infamous LCD that Apple had designed for it , and the IIe had a conventional CRT .
As the board members approached the conference room , the following text appeared on the CRT :
Excuse me gentlemen--
I 've seen dozens of one inch square flat panels , and everybody says the same thing :
Just give me 10 million bucks and I 'll make an Apple II - sized display .
Well ...
Please remove my monitor and I 'll show you how to save 10 million bucks --
Underneath the CRT was a 4 ″ x 5 ″ Woodside display crisply displaying a cartoon with the text “ Gotta lose weight .
How ?
Of course – FlatMac . ” ( West of Eden , p 261 )
Once the board members got inside , Kitchen and Jobs jointly presented a plan that they had discussed since December .
Apple would invest $ 20 million into a factory in Menlo Park that would produce 20,000 displays a month after a year and a half .
The presentation did n’t go well .
The Macintosh factory had gone way over budget and was n’t operating anywhere near capacity .
Less than a year earlier , Apple actually had to close a factory outside Austin and lay off 800 employees .
After Sculley received the financials on March 11 , he decided that Jobs would have to leave the Macintosh / Lisa division and announced as much during the meeting .
Following a brief speech by Sculley , the board decided to talk to each man privately .
While the board met with Sculley , Jobs stayed outside in the hallway and sobbed with Del Yokam .
When it was Jobs ’ turn , the board creamed him , telling him he was a “ punk kid ” who should “ shut - up and let John run the company . ”
( West of Eden , p 263 ) The board ultimately decided to leave Jobs as head of the Macintosh / Lisa division , but it would not tolerate poor results .
Jobs was crushed .
He went straight home after the meeting and did n’t show up to work again until after a scheduled trip to Japan to research flat panel displays .
After he returned , he won a few small victories as demand for the Macintosh XL grew ( though only a few weeks later , the parts ran out and the Macintosh XL was discontinued ) and after Federal Express had placed a $ 5 million Macintosh order .
Reorganization
Sculley began to develop a brand new corporate structure for Apple , one without Steve Jobs in any serious management position .
Apple would be split up according to function .
The major divisions would be Product Development , Marketing , and Manufacturing .
Sculley had Apple ’s HR director , Jay Elliot , start talking to Gassée about taking over marketing in the Macintosh / Lisa division – and eventually the new Product Development division .
Gassée tentatively accepted Elliot ’s offer and started work on Saturday , May 11 .
Elliot had forgotten to tell Murray that he ’d been replaced .
That Saturday , Murray found Gassée sitting in his office .
The two were at a loss .
Ultimately , Murray was appointed director of business development , where he would investigate startups Apple might invest in ( like Woodside ) .
Both Sculley and Jobs personally apologized for the mistake .
Jobs and Sculley met with Murray at the Jackling House .
Sculley was a few minutes late , so while Jobs and Murray walked the grounds , Jobs confided that Sculley would have to leave Apple .
Murray ’s last official act as marketing director would be the annual review , essentially a presentation by the Macintosh / Lisa division to Sculley ’s staff .
The review was full of bad news .
The FileServer , the central component of the Macintosh Office , would be delayed until Spring 1986 , moving the projected release date back by months .
This upset Sculley , since he had been assured in the weeks before the annual review that the FileServer would be ready on time .
He ’d been lied to .
Eager to end with a positive note , Jobs rehashed his Federal Express idea , but the executives would have none of it .
On May 20 , Sculley released his brand new organization plan for Apple .
Del Yokam ( who was almost universally popular inside the company , despite the inventory snafu ) would become Apple ’s first COO , Bill Campbell would head marketing , and another unnamed executive would head product development .
Jobs would become a vice president of the division , working in the AppleLabs think tank .
Bob Belleville ( former head of the Lisa , now head of the Macintosh / Lisa engineering staff ) , the man who had to break the news on the FileServer ’s slipping ship date , spent much of the following weeks walking around the Apple campus , scheming with Jobs , who was alarmed by the reorganization plan .
Loyalties
Apple had recently gotten permission from the US State Department to export computers to China .
Apple had negotiated to supply the Chinese government with Apple IIs for use in schools and universities .
Jobs was invited to a signing ceremony in the Great Hall of the People , but he convinced Sculley to go instead .
While Sculley was away , Jobs would woo the ( still very hostile ) board to his side and oust Sculley .
Elliot said of the situation , “ Steve was trying to pull off a palace coup and John was acting like a spoiled child .
The two of them were going to take Apple under . ” ( iCon , p 113 )
Jobs then made a major mistake : He told Gassée .
Gassée had sat in on the review board and was disgusted by the results .
Nobody but Debi Coleman , the able director of manufacturing , had good news , and even then , it just meant that Apple had more Macintoshes that it could n’t sell .
Perhaps as a result of the disappointing review , Gassée felt far more loyalty to Apple than to Jobs .
Gassée had been invited earlier to a barbecue at the home of Apple ’s chief counsel , and Sculley loyalist , Al Eisenstat .
During the dinner , Gassée told Eisenstat of Jobs ’ plan .
Eisenstat immediately called Sculley , who scrapped his China trip and returned to Cupertino to call an emergency board meeting .
Sculley was beside himself with rage .
“ I ’m running this company , Steve , and I want you out for good .
Now ! ” ( iCon , p 113 ) Sculley proceeded to ask each executive and board member about their loyalties .
They would have to pick one , Sculley or Jobs .
Everybody but Elliot complied ; he told Sculley he was acting like an “ ass ” and “ thought they should both get out . ”
The meeting closed without any conclusive decision , and the long Memorial Day weekend began .
On Saturday , Jobs drove out Sculley ’s stylish home on the other side of Woodside .
His reality distortion field was on at full strength as the men walked through Sculley ’s property and adjacent country club – just as they had done when Jobs courted Sculley to become Apple ’s CEO .
Jobs insisted that his actions were not because he disliked Sculley , but because he wanted what was best for Apple .
Sculley , as far as Jobs was concerned , was still a close friend and mentor .
Amazingly , Sculley bought the explanation .
Jobs would be stripped of any operational authority but would be allowed to remain chairman and act as a spokesman for Apple .
Jobs and his supporters had dinner at the Jackling House and discussed how they could convince the most senior board member , Mike Markkula , to allow Jobs to keep the Macintosh division .
Markkula showed up later in the evening , and Jobs ’ supporters explained why he was right for Apple and should retain control of the Macintosh .
Dutifully , Markkula reported Jobs ’ machinations to Sculley .
That night Sculley called each board member and asked whether they supported him or Jobs .
The body unanimously supported Sculley .
The next morning , Sculley called Jobs and told him that he knew of Jobs ’ latest plot and that he had the votes to kick Jobs out completely .
His new reorganization would be implemented despite Jobs ’ opposition .
Jobs went back home , and at 7:30 he called Mike Murray and broke the news .
Murray was so worried that Jobs might commit suicide that he went to the Jackling House at 10:30 , where he found Jobs sitting on a mattress in his unfurnished bedroom .
Murray stayed with Jobs for most of the night .
After about an hour of silent weeping , Jobs announced that he wanted to see Patton , but he had loaned the videodisk copy to his father .
After the two drove all the way to Los Gatos to retrieve the copy from Jobs ’ parents ( who still lived in Jobs ’ childhood home ) , they found an empty and locked house .
Eventually , Jobs picked up a Hitchcock movie instead and watched it at Murray’s .
Sculley was not dealing with the stress well , either .
He confided in his wife , Leezy , that he wanted to resign from Apple and return to the East Coast .
Jobs and Leezy bumped into each other in the parking lot of the Sun & Soil , where Leezy screamed at Jobs , then sped away while Jobs was in tears .
Resignations
The news of Jobs ’ demotion and Sculley ’s supposed resignation spread around the company like wildfire , resulting in resignations from Jobs loyalists and Sculley loyalists alike .
Bob Belleville felt that the “ vision thing ” ( a favorite phrase of Jobs ) had disappeared from Apple and resigned the day of the meeting .
When Jay Elliot found out that Sculley , the man who had convinced him to turn on the cofounder of the company , wanted to quit , he resigned in disgust of both men .
Sculley decided to stay at Apple , and he began to implement his reorganization on June 5 .
The executives and the board both agreed on the basic structure ( though Markkula wanted another vice president to handle administration , legal , and human resources ) but differed on who would head the divisions .
The upper echelon of executives were not controversial .
Del Yokam would be the COO , and Bill Campbell would head sales and marketing .
It was Product Development that was divisive .
Gassée would head the division , but Sculley did n’t decide if he would report to Yokam or to Sculley and the board .
Debi Coleman was the favorite of the Macintosh / Lisa division and universally recognized as competent and fair , but Yokam wanted an outsider .
By Thursday , the executives and the board had reached a consensus .
Debi was given manufacturing , Gassée would report to Yokam , and Belleville had been wooed to come back and head engineering in Product Development .
It seemed that everyone had been satisfied , except for Jobs , who was still despondent over his token position as chairman .
His only official duty was to chair the five board meetings every year .
NASA had approached him about being the civilian astronaut on the ill - fated Challenger mission , but Jobs balked at the six months of intense physical training required .
To keep him occupied , Al Eisenstat invited Jobs to come with him to Russia , where Apple had recently secured permission to sell Apple IIs , but not Macs or printers ( in fact , photocopiers were kept under lock and key in that era ) .
It was in Russia , a country virtually untouched by the microcomputer revolution , where Jobs decided that he had to stay in the computer industry .
Jobs was amused by the Russian government ’s attempts to monitor him .
A television repairman had showed up three times , even though his television was fine .
Despite the government ’s paranoia , Eisenstat was awakened in the middle of the night by a shifty eyed engineer who thrust a disk into his hands , then disappeared .
The man had created a handwriting recognition system , but he feared his software would never get on the market in Russia , so he wanted to see if Apple was interested .
The software would eventually be implemented in the Newton MessagePad .
Exiled to Siberia
Since Jobs had no real role in the company , his office was moved out of Bandley 3 , long the headquarters of the Macintosh / Lisa division , and into a small , anonymous building occupied only by his secretary and a security guard .
He called it Siberia .
Mike Murray moved in after he was disgusted by executive staff ’s attitude to the massive layoffs Sculley ’s plan called for ( almost a fifth of the company ) .
To his dismay , it took Jobs ’ secretary three days to find him .
A week later , an unknown figure , Michael Spindler , delivered a speech titled “ Two Apples ” at an analysts meeting .
Spindler headed the marketing efforts in Apple Europe and was one of Sculley ’s pet executives .
Spindler , a native German , delivered the speech like a southern revival meeting .
The climax of the speech , “ Apple beats with two hearts – our Californian heart and the heart of the local company . ”
( Apple : The Inside Story , p 21 ) , got a standing ovation .
Aside from Spindler ’s impassioned speech , the meeting was depressing .
When asked , Sculley said flat out that Jobs would never again have an operational role at Apple .
Jobs ’ status in Siberia was now public knowledge .
Jobs filed with the SEC to sell 85,000 shares of Apple stock ( after Apple ’s stock tanked from over $ 20 to less than $ 14 ) , meaning that he now owned 9 % ( rather than 14 % ) of the company – still enough to launch a hostile takeover bid if he got backing from a big institutional investor .
Jobs spent less and less time at Siberia .
After a three month long tour of Europe ( ostensibly to make sales calls for Apple Europe , the one bright spot for Apple ) , Jobs returned to Apple , determined to find a role for himself .
Seeds of NeXT
He was still interested in the debunked BigMac concept .
He had mentioned the BigMac to Paul Berg , a Stanford biochemist , while he was attending a luncheon thrown in French President ’s François Mitterrand ’s honor .
Jobs had dinner with Berg , who ( according to Jobs ) explained that he wanted to make recombinant DNA ( a process that modifies DNA by replacing segments using a modified virus ) accessible to undergraduate students .
However , the requisite wet labs were too expensive to be made available to undergraduates .
Jobs suggested that workstations could emulate a wet lab , but Berg had already attempted such a solution and found that it would take far too much time to create a realistic simulation .
Besides , workstations would cost tens of thousands of dollars for years to come .
Jobs laid out a grandiose plan to create a “ personal workstation ” that would be cheap enough for college students to buy one for their dorm room and be powerful enough to do full wet lab simulations .
Jobs was inspired .
He started making phone calls to executives who he worked with on education initiatives ( like the “ kids ca n’t wait ” project that gave away Apple IIs to California classrooms , and the Apple University Consortium , which had a lot of success selling the Mac at deep discounts in college bookstores ) .
Jobs told them that he was interested in starting a new company to create a personal workstation , like the BigMac .
By late August , Jobs had decided that he would leave Apple with five executives – Susan Barnes , former controller in the Macintosh project ; Dan’l Lewin , who headed the Apple University Consortium ; Rich Page ; George Crow ; and Bud Tribble – and found a new company .
He would give up his chairman title and would hopefully license the design to Apple to sell under the Macintosh brand .
The September 12 board meeting consisted of presentations from Sculley ’s staff explaining how the Apple recovery was a huge success ( though sales had not improved much ) .
The last item on the agenda was the chairman ’s report .
Jobs had not told anyone what he was going to say , so there was a sense of suspense in the room .
Jobs shocked the board with his plan to leave the company to create a workstation for higher education .
He said he would resign from the board and create a complementary product to the Macintosh .
The board asked him to leave the room .
After an hour of discussion , Jobs was ushered back inside .
Sculley told him that he should stay on the board ( though not as chairman ) and that Apple would probably be willing to buy as much as 10 % of the new venture as a sign of goodwill , under the condition that Jobs did not raid Apple ’s executive ranks .
( Sculley did n’t yet know that Jobs had gotten the heads of the Apple University Consortium and several very senior engineers . )
Jobs agreed to wait a week before he resigned so Apple could create an investment offer .
After the meeting was over , Jobs bolted , eschewing the customary catered meal held after board meetings .
The four other cofounders met him at the Jackling House , where he served them dinner while the respected corporate law attorney , Al Sonsini , explained what the new company would have to do to avoid a lawsuit .
The cofounders decided that to avoid causing a panic ( and soliciting a lawsuit ) , they would resign a week at a time .
The next day , Jobs showed up at Apple and gave Sculley a list of people who were leaving with him .
Sculley did n’t realize the magnitude of the list , but when he shared it with the executive staff , they were irate .
The cofounders showed up to work like normal , and their supervisors were all shocked by the defection .
Every cofounder was asked to make their resignation immediate .
Later that day , Jobs hired a new lawyer .
On Friday , September 13 , 1985 Jobs handed his resignation letter to fellow Apple cofounder Mike Markkula , and forwarded a copy to Newsweek , hoping to garner sympathetic press for his new ventures :
Dear Mike ,
This morning ’s papers carried suggestions that Apple is considering removing me as Chairman .
I do n’t know the source of these reports , but they are both misleading to the public and unfair to me .
You will recall that at last Thursday ’s board meeting I stated that I had decided to start a new venture , and tendered my resignation as Chairman .
The board declined to accept my resignation and asked me to defer it for a week .
I agreed to do so in light of the encouragement the Board offered with regard to the proposed new venture and the indications that Apple would invest in it .
On Friday , after I told John Sculley who would be joining me , he confirmed Apple ’s willingness to discuss areas of possible collaboration between Apple and my new venture .
Subsequently the Company appears to be adopting a hostile posture toward me and the new venture .
Accordingly , I must insist upon the immediate acceptance of resignation .
I would hope that in any statement it feels it must issue , the Company will make it clear the decision to resign as Chairman was mine .
I find myself both saddened and perplexed by the management ’s conduct in this matter which seems to me contrary to Apple ’s best interests .
Those interests remain a matter of deep concern to me , both because of my past association with Apple and the substantial investment I retain in it .
I continue to hope that calmer voices within the Company may yet be heard .
Some Company representatives have said they fear I will use proprietary Apple technology in my new venture .
There is no basis for any such concern .
If that concern is the real source of Apple ’s hostility to the venture , I can allay it .
As you know , the company ’s recent reorganization left me with no work to do and no access even to regular management reports .
I am but 30 and want still to contribute and achieve .
After what we have accomplished together , I would wish our parting to be both amicable and dignified .
Yours sincerely ,
Steven P. Jobs
( iCon , pp 128-129 )
Steve Jobs ’ first career at Apple was at an end .
During a press conference , he made reconciliation even more remote when he derided the current management as making Apple “ a place where computers are a commodity item , where the romance is gone , and where people forget that computers are the most incredible invention that man has ever invented ” .
A few days later , Jobs announced that he had decided on a new name for the company , NeXT .
Jobs ’ gamble of releasing the letter to the press backfired .
Not only was he met with scorn by the national media , but Apple decided to sue NeXT for secretly planning a “ nefarious scheme ” ( West of Eden , p 320 ) to take advantage of insider information the cofounders had access to .
An era was over at Apple .
Two cofounders had left the company , a major reorganization cut over a fifth of the workforce , and the company still had no successor to the Macintosh in the pipeline .
NeXT was no better .
It was being sued even before it had a product ( or even a specification for a product ) , and it had no customers and no outside support .
It would be 11 years before Jobs set foot on the Apple campus again .
This article was originally published on 2006.10.02 .
Further Reading
A comic appears today despite Tony distancing himself from Scottish law while Wes engaged in a battle of wits with a mouse .
This weekend is ECCC !
When you see us at the Topatoco booth , use the code - phrase “ We all have regrets ” to make something good happen !
We hope to see you there !
Zigarettenschmuggel Ökonomen werfen Tabakfirmen Statistiktricks vor
Pro Jahr rauchen die Deutschen rund 16 Milliarden illegal eingeführte Zigaretten .
Behauptet die Tabakindustrie .
Für zwei Hamburger Forscher sind die Zahlen heillos übertrieben - sie hätten nur ein Ziel : Steuererhöhungen verhindern .
Der Lobbyverband weist die Kritik zurück .
“ In the first place , we should insist that if the immigrant who comes here in good faith becomes an American and assimilates himself to us , he shall be treated on an exact equality with everyone else , for it is an outrage to discriminate against any such man because of creed , or birthplace , or origin .
But this is predicated upon the person ’s becoming in every facet an American , and nothing but an American … There can be no divided allegiance here .
Any man who says he is an American , but something else also , is n’t an American at all … ” – Theodore Roosevelt , 1907
The Three Amigos – Obama , Pelosi and Reid – allowed Mexico ’s President Felipe Calderon to appear before Congress and hypocritically lecture us on how we should treat illegal immigrants .
Listening to this browbeating while Vice President Joe “ Plugs ” Biden and House Speaker “ Nanny ” Pelosi sat motionless in the background ( and it was n’t just Nancy ’s Botox this time ) , I thought we had been invaded by Mexico and that our government was surrendering a ceremonial sword in defeat .
I have long feared Mexico could stage a 200,000 - man invasion of the U.S .
Mexico ’s immigration laws are archaic , Draconian , and much tougher than ours .
You have to prove you can pay your own way and support your family to move there – basically , just the opposite of what it takes to be a Democrat here .
It does not matter what Mexico ’s immigration laws are anyway .
They are unevenly applied and designed only to extort money or to intimidate political adversaries .
Hey , Wall Street , AMA , and the Cambridge Police Department – sound familiar ?
Obama lashed out against Arizona ’s new immigration law , which basically says the state can do what the federal government is unwilling to do : round up illegal immigrants and deport them .
His attorney general indicated he would sue Arizona over the 16 - page law , which he later admitted he had not read – you know , the same way Congress passed health care .
Might I suggest some summer beach reading for the attorney general – the Constitution of the United States ?
From what I can tell , Obama opposes Arizona ’s law mainly in hopes of gaining more victim - class votes from the growing Hispanic community .
With his agenda , to get re-elected he must manufacture votes and voters – like he did with ACORN .
Obama says this law is racist because it will round up Mexicans .
Wrong !
It will round up illegal Guatemalans , too .
It has gotten bad in Arizona .
I think the last straw was when citizens called the cable company for information and had to “ press dos for English . ”
And when the Los Angeles City Council voted to boycott Arizona businesses , Arizona responded by saying it would cut off the 25 percent of the power it supplies to L.A .
It turns out , upon further review , that the only product L.A. exports is arrogance .
The Arizona law is so popular ( 70 percent national approval rating ) that Senator John McCain finds himself in a tough re-election battle because of his seemingly “ inside the Beltway ” indifference on illegal immigration .
In fairness to McCain , he might not understand the problem .
When he was first elected , the only immigrants were white Protestants getting off the Mayflower .
Things have changed ; now we cannot even find a Protestant on the Supreme Court .
If the Arizona police suspect you of being illegal , they give you a simple test .
They ask you to identify the last three winners of “ America Idol ” and the contents of a super - sized McDonald ’s meal .
As I have long said , I am all for legal immigrants who want to come here and be productive citizens .
This law is about illegal immigrants .
Arizona ’s immigration law might serve all concerned well if it drives moocher illegal immigrants out of Arizona and back to their native California .
We already have enough freeloaders in this country : 53 percent of the population , based on the November 2008 election .
It seems we need to be reminded every 12 years or so why liberals cannot govern .
With Obama ’s regulations and union thuggery on the rise in the U.S. , illegal immigrants need not worry about employment .
They can just go back to Mexico if they want jobs from all the American companies that will soon be moving there .
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
Four in 10 Tea Party members are either Democrats or Independents , according to a new national survey .
The findings provide one of the most detailed portraits to date of the grassroots movement that started last year .
ADVERTISEMENT
The national breakdown of the Tea Party composition is 57 percent Republican , 28 percent Independent and 13 percent Democratic , according to three national polls by the Winston Group , a Republican - leaning firm that conducted the surveys on behalf of an education advocacy group .
Two - thirds of the group call themselves conservative , 26 are moderate and 8 percent say they are liberal .
The Winston Group conducted three national telephone surveys of 1,000 registered voters between December and February .
Of those polled , 17 percent – more than 500 people -- said they were “ part of the Tea Party movement . ”
“ It ’s a good sample size , ” said David Winston , the polling firm ’s director .
“ It will certainly give us an initial base to follow where these folks are . ”
The group is united around two issues – the economy / jobs and reducing the deficit .
They believe that cutting spending is the key to job creation and favor tax cuts as the best way to stimulate the economy .
That said 61 percent of Tea Party members believe infrastructure spending creates jobs .
Moreover , given the choice Tea Party members favor 63 - 32 reducing unemployment to 5 percent over balancing the budget .
It is n’t a “ purely homogeneous ” group , said Winston .
The group has a favorable view of Republicans generally but that drops from 71 to 57 percent if they ’re asked about Congressional Republicans .
Congressional Democrats are viewed very unfavorably by 75 percent of Tea Party members – a uniquely strong antipathy .
An overwhelming 95 percent said “ Democrats are taxing , spending , and borrowing too much . ”
The group also vehemently dislikes President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE – even more so than those who called themselves Republicans in the survey .
Over 80 percent of Tea Party members disapprove of the job he ’s doing as president , whereas 77 percent of Republican respondents said they disapprove of Obama .
The Tea Party members are also strongly opposed to the Democrats ’ healthcare plan , with 82 percent saying they oppose it -- only 48 percent of respondents overall were opposed .
Tea Party members are more likely to be male , slightly older and middle income .
Almost half the members of the group reported getting their news about national issues from Fox News , 10 percent of respondents said that talk radio is one of their top two sources , which is seven - points higher than the average voter .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
* Update : Is Dylan 's Promoter Lying ?
( See Below )
At 68 , Bob Dylan does n't quite cut the figure of a young radical like he did in the 1960s .
Unless , that is , you 're talking to the Chinese government .
The nasally singer - songwriter has canceled his East Asia tour after Chinese officials prohibited him from performing in the country , his promoters said .
While fans in Beijing and Shanghai rue their luck , blogs are trying to divine why China banned him , and whether this " bad news " will revive Dylan 's radical reputation .
Did China Just Do Dylan a Favor ?
wonders
The Guardian Staff : " Do n't the Chinese know that these days the 68 - year - old former protest singer is a respectable golfer who released a Christmas album last year and has even allowed Blowin ' in the Wind to be used as the soundtrack of a TV commercial ?
But maybe the Chinese ban will do him some good .
Could it help to restore his credibility as the prophet from Desolation Row ? "
It 's Bjork 's Fault , writes Daniel Kreps at Rolling Stone : The Ministry of Culture was likely ... influenced by Björk ’s controversial actions during a performance in Shanghai in 2008 , where she chanted ' Tibet ! Tibet ! ” during “ Declare Independence . ”
Since the Björk concert , the Ministry of Culture has become more cautious when considering Western acts , ruling in the aftermath , “ Those who used to take part in activities that harm our nation ’s sovereignty are firmly not allowed to perform in China . ”
“ What Björk did definitely made life very difficult for other performers .
They are very wary of what will be said by performers on stage now , ” promoter Jeffrey Wu , whose company set up Dylan ’s China dates , told the South China Morning Post .
What a Bizarre Decision , writes PopEater : " It seems China has mistaken today 's essentially harmless Bob Dylan with the counterculture hero of the 1960s . "
Chris at America
Blog sighs , " Do they realize how silly they appear to the rest of the world when they make decisions like this ? "
* Censorship Has Nothing to Do with This The Atlantic's
I have it on good authority that the Chinese government did not deny Bob Dylan permission to play in China .
It was the Taiwanese promoter 's outlandish financial requests that made the tour unrealistic .
Fallows says the claim , if true , would show the predicament of the Chinese government : " Once you get a bad reputation , you get blamed even for things you did n't do . "
The Atlantic 's James Fallows hears from Zachary Mexico , a musician and author of a book on China .
He says the tour was actually canceled because of Taiwanese promoters involved in the East Asian leg of the tour :
Fallows says the claim , if true , would show the predicament of the Chinese government : " Once you get a bad reputation , you get blamed even for things you did n't do . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
Fury as 'up to 300 urns containing human remains from Dignitas suicide clinic are found at bottom of Lake Zurich '
Scores of urns containing human ashes have been found dumped in a lake near the Swiss suicide clinic Dignitas .
One estimate puts the number discovered 30ft down on the bed of Lake Zurich at 300 or more .
The urns bear the logo of a cremation service thought to be used by Dignitas , the controversial organisation where more than 100 Britons have ended their lives .
The cremation urns , dumped illegally , which were found by police divers in Lake Zurich .
It is alleged the urns come from euthanasia clinic Dignitas
It is not known if the remains of any British ' suicide tourists ' are involved , and last night Dignitas founder Ludwig Minelli refused to comment .
It is against Swiss law to dispose of a large number of urns without a commercial licence .
The crime carries a jail sentence of up to three years and a £ 30,000 fine .
The urns were discovered by chance when divers from a rescue service were looking for a lost sunshade from one of their boats .
Police divers recovering urns containing human ashes from Lake Zurich .
They only came across them when they began looking for a sunshade which come off one of their boats
The Dignitas Clinic in Zurich , Switzerland , where numerous Britons have ended their lives due to the country 's liberal assisted suicide laws .
The city is at the north - west end of the lake
After retrieving 13 urns they notified the Environment Agency and police divers were called in .
One said : ' After 50 we stopped counting .
They lay there in a big heap . '
Environment Agency spokesman Wolfgang Bollack said : ' We have filed a criminal complaint against unknown persons for disturbance of the dead .
' The retrieved urns are being kept in a place respecting their dignity . '
Former Dignitas employee Soraya Wernli , 52 , estimated that there were at least 300 urns lying at the bottom of the lake .
She said : ' Around one in three urns end up in Lake Zurich .
At first Minelli put the urns there himself but later asked his daughter and another member of staff to do it . '
Zurich mayor Max Baumgartner said : ' The number has shocked me .
It looks as though they have been systematically dumped there .
We are now waiting to see the outcome of the police investigation . '
Dignitas founder Ludwig Minelli ( left ) has declined to comment .
Conductor Sir Edward Downes and his wife Lady Downes died at the Dignitas clinic in July 2009
In 2008 , two Dignitas employees were caught dumping ashes into the lake .
At the time Mr Minelli refused to comment but a former employee said : ' The company has always done that . '
More than 115 Britons have travelled to Zurich to end their life at Dignitas since it was founded in 1998 by Mr Minelli , a Swiss lawyer .
Last night Lesley Close , whose brother John died there aged 55 in May 2003 , after suffering with motor neurone disease , said : ' This underlines the need for change in British law on the subject of assisted suicide .
Unglück in Smolensk Polens Präsident Kaczynski stirbt bei Flugzeugabsturz
Schock und Trauer in Polen : Präsident Lech Kaczynski , seine Frau Maria und etliche hochrangige Vertreter des Landes sind bei einem Flugzeugabsturz getötet worden .
Die Regierung kündigte eine Krisensitzung an .
Rediscovering the W boson ( Image : Atlas Experiment / CERN )
IT ’S first blood to the massive Atlas detector at the Large Hadron Collider .
Just days after the physics programme started , Atlas has reported its first detection of W boson particles .
W bosons have been seen at other colliders , but before any of the detectors at the LHC can attempt to discover new particles they must “ rediscover ” established ones .
It is “ an excellent sign ” to spot the particles so soon , says Fabiola Gianotti , who heads the Atlas team .
“ It demonstrates that both the LHC accelerator and Atlas work extremely well . ”
W bosons …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dozens of ships that had been trapped in ice in the Baltic Sea off Stockholm , some for several days , have been freed , Swedish maritime authorities have said .
A spokesman told the BBC that the last vessel was rescued from the waters between the capital and the Aland Islands early on Friday morning .
At least 26 ships are awaiting help further north in the Bay of Bothnia .
On Thursday , icebreakers had to be used to free the ferry Amorella , which had 943 passengers and crew on board .
Two other ferries , the Isabella and the Finnfellow , managed to break free on Thursday , the Swedish Maritime Administration said .
There was a minor collision between the Finnfellow and the Amorella when they tried to manoeuvre in the ice on Thursday , but there was no major damage reported by either vessel .
Mats Nystrom , a passenger on the Amorella , said that had been the most dramatic moment .
" Suddenly in the loudspeakers there 's a voice saying that all passengers must immediately move to the stern .
Of course at that moment the passengers got worried and wondered what was happening , " Mr Nystrom told Sweden 's SVT broadcaster .
Jonas Lindvall , the controller of the icebreaking unit at the maritime administration , said sea ice in the area would not normally have been a problem for merchant ships .
However , onshore winds of about 72 km /h ( 45 mph ) had pushed the ice rapidly towards the coast and created ridges which the merchant ships could not cope with , he said .
Icebreakers subsequently had to be deployed by both Sweden and Finland .
" They got caught outside the archipelago , where there is moving ice .
It 's hard to navigate , " Mr Lindvall told the AFP news agency , adding he had not seen so many ships stuck at once since the mid-1980s .
The weather conditions are expected to improve on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editorial Medio Tiempo
" Kikín " y Ayala , entre los que salen
No renovarán préstamos ni comprarán a Ortiz ni a Castillo
La Directiva de Tigres anunció su lista de jugadores transferibles para el Régimen de Transferencias de este verano , en el que destacan Lucas Ayala y Francisco Fonseca , el primero que llegó a consolidarse como uno de los pilares de la escuadra regiomontana y el segundo , que fue una de las contrataciones más caras del futbol mexicano .
Son siete los hombres que no entran en planes para el próximo torneo de los felinos , en los que nuevamente estarán peleando por no descender .
Además , los dos jugadores que estaban a préstamo , Fernando Ortiz y Edgar Castillo , ambos pertenecientes al América , regresarán al club de Coapa al no hacerse efectiva la opción de compra .
El Draft se llevará a cabo el 26 y 28 de mayo , justo antes de la justa mundialista .
LISTA DE TRANSFERIBLES
- Francisco Fonseca - Lucas Ayala - Juan Pablo García - Armando Pulido - Manuel Viniegra - Jonathan de León - Alex Villalobos
PRÉSTAMOS QUE VENCEN
- Edgar Castillo ( deberá reportar con América ) - Fernando Ortiz ( deberá reportar con América )
Once more to a familiar furrow , stardust - seekers , as Lost in Showbiz asks the sub- rhetorical question : what do you reckon about " documentaries " like Peaches Geldof on Islam ?
" Finding a celebrity who genuinely cares about the issue really helps pull in a crowd that would n't otherwise switch on , " is the view of BBC controller Danny Cohen .
" But you have to be careful .
If you get a rent - a - celeb , this audience can spot it a mile off . "
Mm. Spotted 50 miles off - lumbering knickerless over the horizon - comes Ms Lindsay Lohan , whom you might recall was BBC3's somewhat leftfield pick to explain the issue of child trafficking in India to its audience .
Contemplating the hire , this column fell back on that old cliché about Lindsay not even being able to get arrested in Hollywood , which was technically wrong , as Lindsay has been arrested for a high - speed late night car chase and possession of class A drugs , among other CV highlights .
Still , suffice to say her diary was sufficiently " freed up " for her to jump at the chance of caring about the trafficking issue and stuff , and the Beeb have been forced to defend her involvement ever since .
Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey - like BBC3 say , it 's not about her , it 's about the issue - finally airs tonight .
But by way of a curtain raiser , and thanks to assistance from the likes of Unicef and a BBC source close to the production , Lost in Showbiz has been able to piece together the totally heartwarming story behind Lindsay 's " journey " .
To India , then .
As I say , the documentary is about the issue of child trafficking , and the production company 's plan was for Lohan and the crew to be in situ for a planned raid by Indian authorities ( with the aid of a charity ) , ensuring she was there for the rescue of a number of children who had been trafficked and placed into forced labour .
After protracted negotiations , Lindsay agreed to do this , so first class flights were booked for her , her bodyguard , and her assistant .
Meanwhile , the crew travelled to India and waited for Lohan to make her entrance .
At this point , according to a BBC source , the hokey cokey one might have regarded as inevitable started , and Lindsay began backtracking on her commitment , causing flights to be repeatedly cancelled and rebooked as she kept producers in the dark as to her plans .
Alas , despite myriad ignored messages , she failed to pitch up in India before the raid , which went ahead without her in a way that , say , a Roberto Cavalli fashion show would never dare to .
It was at this point that Lindsay took to Twitter , in tweets later described by the BBC as " misinterpreted " .
" Over 40 children saved so far , " read one of these communiqués .
" Within one day 's work ... this is what life is about ...
Doing THIS is a life worth living !
Oh , and I 'm talking about being in India . "
Mm .
Intriguingly , Lindsay was not even in India at the time these messages were tweeted - a fact on which BBC3 declined to comment , saying only that police raids are not scheduled .
On the contrary , say local police and magistrates - the raids had been planned for two months and Lindsay 's implication that she was there was somewhat resented .
" We 'll be complaining to the BBC and talking to our lawyers , " a leading social activist and lawyer , who was organisationally involved with the raids , fumed to the Daily Telegraph .
And for a bit it looked as if the Indian mission might be just another of Lindsay 's nice ideas that she never quite got round to ( see also a mooted trip to Iraq with Hillary Clinton , and some African mercy mission with the Red Cross ) .
However , Lindsay finally agreed to travel to India , arriving the day after the raid .
According to a BBC source , the cost for acquiring three last minute first class travel tickets was by now in excess of £ 30,000 , though the BBC press office say this figure is n't correct and that anyway the film was delivered by the production company at a fixed cost .
They do not dispute the fact that they knowingly allowed her to travel without a work visa , a decision which might now see Lohan blacklisted from travelling to India .
Still , once in India , by all accounts Lindsay behaved obligingly , though whether you regard her spending no more than two and a half days in India justifies the title " Lindsay Lohan 's Indian Journey " is a matter for you .
Thereafter , though , things began to fall apart once more .
Realising a serious treatment of the subject would require Lindsay engaging with a serious authority on child trafficking , the producers worked to set up a filmed interview between her and Unicef in New York .
Despite some rumoured misgivings about the choice of celebrity advocate , Unicef agreed .
Lindsay having also agreed , a camera crew was duly dispatched to New York ... and once again , the hokey cokey started .
Indeed , despite repeated entreaties to Lindsay to reconfirm she would be honouring her obligations on this issue about which she professes such passion , Lindsay 's studied vagueness continued right up to the minute of the meeting , whereupon Unicef confirm to me that madam stood the lot of them up .
Why ?
Well , the magic of the internet allows us to establish that Lindsay was disporting herself at Milan fashion week at the time .
Here she is with Roberto Cavalli .
In the end , hasty arrangements were made for her to ask the questions of Save the Children in London , and in the documentary a partied - out looking Lindsay can be seen doing that before suggesting people should help via " Twitter ?
There 's Twitter ... "
As for the documentary , you must judge it for yourself , but having seen a preview DVD of it I second my colleague Amelia Gentleman 's assessment that the most excruciating moment comes after a very young street beggar from Calcutta tells Lohan her story .
Over to Amelia 's account :
The shaven - haired girl is explaining that her parents would beat her unless she went out every day to earn money , but it's hard to concentrate on what she 's saying because what 's happening behind her is so distracting .
Lohan is rubbing her already - red eyes , spreading mascara around the place , twitching her eyebrows .
" Um. Um . Oh my God , " the film star says , her lips wobbling uncontrollably .
A disembodied hand pops into the screen to pass her a tissue .
" Um . How did she feel ?
Um .
How did they treat her ? " she asks , beginning to sob .
The small girl turns to look at her in bemusement .
The translator gives an embarrassed laugh and says to the girl : " She 's crying for you .
Why do n't you comfort her ? "
So we watch as the puzzled child dutifully strokes Lohan 's long mane of golden hair .
" Oh my God ! Oh my God ! "
Lohan says , with a husky gasp .
" Sorry , I 'm having a moment . "
Mercifully , the camera is then switched off .
One could write thousands of words about the matter , but in that single vignette is distilled everything that is arse - about - tit about this level of celebrity - led documentary .
So what have we learned from l'affaire Lohan ?
I guess the question is : does it really matter if , behind the scenes , the so - called talent behaves like a real piece of work , as so - called talent has been wont to do since time immemorial ?
I am afraid I would have to say it does n't , within reason ( and within reason I include a fair amount of financial wastage ) - but if , and only if , what ends up on the screen justifies the means .
For instance , I do n't care what horrors Joan Crawford and Bette Davis were on the set of Whatever Happened to Baby Jane : it ends up being a cracking film .
However , if what you 're making is n't a high camp movie but a documentary about child trafficking , and your famous trainwreck star keeps genuine experts from fronting such films , and your end product features a scene in which a very young and serially abused child labourer is required to comfort a Hollywood starlet , then it would seem fair to cast the production as such an obvious moral failure that it's worth anatomising the wrongheaded decisions that led to such a flawed idea being aired - and wondering if they are not symptomatic of a wider cultural malaise .
The puzzle is that all of this could have been avoided if BBC3 had n't indulged in such ludicrous casting .
After all , it 's not as if Lindsay is merely rumoured to be a flake .
Lindsay is known to be a cast - iron , copper - bottomed , A - list flake .
Indeed , her utter flakery is so well documented that there exists on public record an extraordinary letter to Lindsay from the CEO of Morgan Creek , the studio that produced the last major film with which she was involved ( it might become evident that the two are connected ) .
" Dear Lindsay , " begins this notorious blast from James G Robinson .
Since the commencement of principal photography of Georgia Rule , you have frequently failed to arrive on time to the set .
Today , you did not show for work ( all day ) .
I am now told you do n't plan to work tomorrow because you are " not feeling well . "
You and your representatives have told us that your various late arrivals and absences from the set have been the result of illness ; today we were told it was " heat exhaustion . "
We are well aware that your ongoing all night heavy partying is the real reason for your so called " exhaustion . "
We refuse to accept bogus excuses for your behavior .
To date , your actions on Georgia Rule have been discourteous , irresponsible and unprofessional .
You have acted like a spoiled child and in so doing have alienated many of your co-workers and endangered the quality of this picture .
Moreover , your actions have resulted in hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage .
We will not tolerate these actions any further .
If you do not honor your production commitments , including your scheduled call time for tomorrow , and any call times thereafter , we will hold you personally accountable .
This means that in addition to pursuing full monetary damages , we will take such other action as we deem necessary to preserve the integrity of the Georgia Rule Production as well as Morgan Creek 's financial interests .
I urge you to take this letter seriously and conduct yourself professionally .
That , my ducks , is how serious people treat talent that is taking the piss .
That the rubes at BBC3 apparently felt unable to do so is a shame , but we can only hope they think twice before commissioning the next demographic - insulting " journey " .
At least let us get into 2011 before Kerry Katona 's Darfur Odyssey hits the schedules .
Four Democratic senators during a press conference Tuesday expressed concern that the popular social networking site Facebook is not being careful when it comes to protecting the privacy of its users .
New York ’s Charles Schumer , Colorado ’s Michael Bennet , Alaska ’s Mark Begich and Minnesota ’s Al Franken sent a letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg urging the company to revisit its recent controversial privacy policy and better safeguard user ’s personal information .
“ While Facebook provides a valuable service to users by keeping them connected with friends and family and reconnecting them with long - lost friends and colleagues , the expansion of Facebook – both in number of users and applications – raises new concerns for users who want to maintain control over their information , ” the senators wrote .
Last week Facebook announced it would allow the site to share user information with third - party Web sites .
The senators say they would like Facebook to make their new “ Instant Personalization ” service “ Opt - In ” rather than “ Opt - Out ” by default .
The issue regards Facebook ’s decision to automatically share users data with select partners the moment you visit the site .
On Monday Schumer sent a letter to the Federal Trade Commission asking the agency to craft guidelines for how social networking websites can use and share personal information about their users .
The recent changes to Facebook ’s privacy policies “ have limited the ability of users to control the information they share and keep private , ” wrote Schumer .
“ These changes can adversely affect users and , currently , there is little guidance on what social networking sites can and cannot do and how disclosure is provided , ” said Schumer .
“ Hundreds of millions of people use social networking sites like Facebook , MySpace , and Twitter every day , ” Schumer said in a recent statement regarding regulating privacy concerns in the digital world .
“ As these sites become more and more popular , however , it ’s vitally important that safeguards are in place that provide users with control over their personal information to ensure they do n’t receive unwanted solicitations .
At the same time , social networking sites need to provide easy - to - understand disclosures to users on how information they submit is being shared . ”
Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said the company was surprised by the Schumer ’s comments and said he looks forward to sitting down with the senator to clarify the concerns .
Noyes said the recent changes announced by Facebook last week were designed to enhance personalization and promote social activity across the Web .
In an email to the Associated Press Noyes said , “ None of these changes removed or reduced people ’s control over their information , and several offered even greater controls . ”
Facebook founder Zuckerberg has said the latest features were implemented to make it easier for other websites to share connections and to personalize their content for its millions of users .
However critics say such policies could do harm and hamper users ability to keep information they share private .
In the letter sent to Zuckerberg the senators concluded , “ We hope that Facebook will stand by its goal of creating open and transparent communities by working to ensure that its policies protect the sensitive personal biographical data of its users and provide them with full control over their personal information . ”
In 2007 Facebook introduced a tool called Beacon , which automatically broadcast users ’ activities on other websites on Facebook .
After protests from its users , Facebook first agreed to let people opt out of the feature , then removed it entirely .
We certainly like our chicken .
According to USDA statistics , Americans ate around 84 pounds of chicken each during 2008 , triple the amount eaten in 1960 .
Poultry production is clearly a huge industry , and one that 's set to benefit from a new technology being developed at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) which detects minute traces of chemical compounds that indicate spoilage .
The goal is to give industry a fast , cost effective method of identifying foul fowl without damaging the product itself ... and ultimately keeping consumers safe .
It 's no secret that antibiotics and other chemical additives are commonly used to keep poultry from spoiling , but current methods of detecting when the chicken is spoiled leave room for improvement .
These tests , which rely on detecting volatile organic compounds created when lipids and / or proteins decompose , are both invasive and time - consuming .
The new technique developed by NIST research chemists Tom Bruno and Tara Lovestead looks at difficult to detect trace amounts of low volatility compounds that are present early in the decay process .
This is achieved by sampling the air above a test sample using a method known as cryoadsorption .
A short alumina - coated tube cooled to very low temperatures absorbs any of six potential chemical markers that have been identified by the researchers , providing a method that is both non-invasive and flexible , so it can be used at any point in the supply chain .
Via : NIST .
A new report out of Finland suggests that the country 's corporate poster child , Nokia Siemens , has been involved in some pretty tawdry dealings with Iran , dealings that go beyond the company 's admitted involvement with the Iranian regime .
Journalist Hanna Nikkanen quotes Nokia 's Lauri Kivinen saying that " there 's been this perception internationally that we 've supplied them [ Iran ] with internet surveillance equipment , but this is not true .
The statement was made on February 20 , 2010 , but Nikkanen obtained leaked manuals to the equipment in question and concluded , " The surveillance made possible by the Nokia Lawful Interception Gateway ( LIG ) extends to mobile internet usage .
Either Kivinen was lying or his knowledge of his company 's core competence field is n't quite adequate . "
Do the deals made in Espoo lead directly to arrests in Tehran ?
Yes , they do
That might sound like an overwrought characterization of a complicated situation , but the words are n't ours — they come right from the European Parliament , which took the extraordinary step last month of trashing Nokia Siemens in a public resolution .
MEPs were disgusted by the aftermath of the contested Iranian election last year and the brutal crackdown on the Green movement in the country .
In a resolution adopted February 10 , Parliament railed against Iran 's " jamming of international radio and TV networks , many international websites , including Facebook and Twitter , as well as local opposition sites and mobile - phone services in Tehran , thereby also causing transmission problems on networks in other Middle Eastern countries and even in Europe . "
Where did the gear to do this come from ?
" European and Russian companies have been providing Iran with the necessary filtering and jamming devices , some of which might even pose a health risk to those living in the vicinity of the installations , " said the resolution .
Then it named names : Parliament " strongly criticises international companies , in particular Nokia Siemens , for providing the Iranian authorities with the necessary censorship and surveillance technology , thus being instrumental in the persecution and arrest of Iranian dissidents , " it said .
Parliament called on the European Commission to immediately ban surveillance tech exports to Iran and other countries where the gear " could be instrumental in the violation of human rights . "
But it was legal !
Nokia Siemens has been battling such accusations since the Iranian election last year .
On June 22 , 2009 , overwhelmed with press inquiries , Nokia Siemens issued a public statement on its involvement with Iran .
" Nokia Siemens Networks has provided Lawful Intercept capability solely for the monitoring of local voice calls in Iran , " it said .
" Nokia Siemens Networks has not provided any deep packet inspection , web censorship or Internet filtering capability to Iran . "
So it was only " local voice calls " ?
Not quite .
Nokia Siemens admitted in a " further statement " that its gear could " intercept phone calls and text messages , " so it 's clear that there are data recording and analysis features built into the gear in addition to simple voice recording .
But every time the issue came up , Nokia Siemens made a valid point : this tech has all been pushed by the Europeans and Americans .
Nokia Siemens says that these capabilities are " a requirement in the European Union , the United States , and most other countries , and parallels a similar requirement for landlines that has existed for decades . "
Lawful intercept capabilities translate traditional wiretap rules into mobile networks , often adding new features like text message intercept along the way .
The Internet posed an additional challenge , and US and European firms led the way in developing deep packet inspection gear that can siphon off an individual user 's traffic and pass it to law enforcement .
The idea was that the criminals could not gain anonymity simply by dropping their landlines and postal boxes for e-mail and Skype .
Accessing the surveillance network from a command - line interface
Such a system has huge potential for abuse , which is why judicial oversight has always been important .
In a country like Iran , where such oversight and judicial protections are limited , some argue that international companies like Nokia Siemens have to be aware that their gear will be used differently than it will in Europe .
As one Iranian blogger put it last year , " True , the monitoring system may be used to prevent criminal and terrorist activities in democratic countries where violation of privacy is subject to court ’s permission .
But in a country like Iran , ' Lawful Interception ' means much more than this .
It means continuous violation of basic human rights of freedom seekers . "
More communication is always better
The newly finished report on Nokia Siemens suggests that the capabilities sold to Iran go far beyond phone call monitoring , though the article is not specially compelling ; where are the quotes from the manuals that illustrate this ?
We spent some time trolling through the manuals , which are all in English and date from 2005 - 2007 ; none appear to suggest that the gear can monitor general Internet traffic from mobile devices .
The Lawful Interception Gateway ( LIG ) software complained of in the article is , according to the documentation , able to " intercept 2G and 3G mobile data calls , and the IP Multimedia Subsystem ( IMS ) . "
IMS is used to deliver controlled " services " and help wireless providers avoid becoming mere " bit pipes , " but IMS monitoring gear would not appear to allow general Internet monitoring of mobile devices .
In any event , as Nokia Siemens points out , most of Iran 's Internet traffic is on fixed lines .
But the Nokia Siemens gear does allow the monitoring of text messages , which were important organizing tools in the days after the disputed election ( the Iranian Internet was essentially cut off completely from the world right after the election , and only restored piecemeal as new blocking capabilities were brought online ) .
Combined with the Iranian regime 's eventual decision to simply block sites like Facebook and Twitter wholesale at the border , many of the decentralized organizing tools were dismantled or made risky to use .
The intercept browser , circa 2006
The debate over Nokia Siemens ' involvement in Iran mirrors quite closely the debate over China , where Cisco sold the country much of the gear it uses to conduct surveillance .
And despite Cisco 's claims about just offering basic functionality to the Chinese , it eventually emerged that the company 's reps were pitching China on using the gear to combat the " evil " Falun Gong and other " undesirables . "
China routinely makes the same argument made by companies like Nokia Siemens and Cisco : " Hey , America and Europe do it too !
Any companies that want to do business here need to follow local laws . "
Businesses routinely say they do n't want to play global policeman , and that these are issues for governments to work out .
Clearly , there is plenty of " gray area " here for debate , but it does seem as if there are a few regimes where companies might easily conclude that the likelihood of abuse is so great that no sales should be made .
( Of course , " warrantless wiretapping " in the US might lead one to wonder where , exactly , surveillance safeguards can be guaranteed . )
On the other hand , Nokia Siemens likes the argument that Google made when it censored its Chinese search results : more connectivity is better for people , even if it comes with some undesirable caveats .
Nokia " firmly believes that providing people , wherever they are , with the ability to communicate ultimately benefits societies and brings greater prosperity . "
Contrary to the TV commercials and magazine advertisements , you do n't have to use a nicotine - replacement product to quit smoking , say two doctors writing in the new issue of PLoS Medicine .
Many smokers are able to quit unassisted , say Simon Chapman and Ross MacKenzie of the School of Public Health in Sydney , Australia .
They criticize what they call the " medicalization of smoking cessation , " because it 's not backed by evidence .
Indeed , an analysis of 511 studies published in 2007 and 2008 show that two - thirds to three - quarters of smokers stop unaided and most ex-smokers report that cessation was less difficult than expected .
The pharmaceutical industry has promoted the " medicalization of smoking cessation , " in part by funding smoking cessation studies that use the various nicotine aids or medications .
What 's really needed , the authors of the essay say , is some balance in the messages smokers receive about quitting .
That is :
You can do it , and it may not cost you a dime .
-- Shari Roan
Photo credit : Feature Photo Service
IF A sense of panic has started to grip Europe over the potential for Greece to default on its debts , and the contagion to spread rapidly to the continent 's other struggling economies , it has not yet struck Herman Van Rompuy , the president of the European Council .
He insisted on Wednesday April 28th that there was “ no question ” of Greece 's debts being restructured .
He also said leaders of the euro - zone countries would meet next month to consider how to activate their proposed joint lending programme with the IMF to support Greece .
Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the European Central Bank , delivered an almost identical message , saying that a Greek default was “ out of the question ” .
The calm demeanour of Mr Trichet and Mr Van Rompuy is not shared by the markets .
On Wednesday Greece said that it would ban the short - selling of shares for two months to prevent speculators doing further damage to the country 's banks .
The previous day , shares in Greek banks had plunged by nearly 10 % and the Athens stockmarket as a whole fell by 6 % on fears that the country would soon suffer another downgrade of its debts .
Those fears proved entirely justified .
After the markets closed Standard & Poor 's heaped indignity on Greece by cutting the rating of its sovereign bonds to “ junk ” status .
It also cut Greece 's banks to “ junk ” because of their hefty exposure to government debt .
The markets still see the risk of a Greek default as high
Although the move to ban short - selling steadied Greece 's stockmarket somewhat on Wednesday , the chances of the country defaulting on its debts were still perceived by the bond markets as high .
Spreads on Greek government bonds ( the risk premium compared with German bonds ) reached a 13 - year high as investors worried that the proposed rescue plan for Greece could stall .
Talks between Greece , the European Union and the IMF got under way last week .
Greece was initially seeking up to € 45 billion ( $ 60 billion ) in emergency loans from euro - zone governments and the IMF this year , the first chunk of which will be needed by May 19th , when the Greek government must refinance a € 8.5 billion bond .
But as the crisis has worsened it has become clear that Greece could need much more .
On Wednesday it was reported that the EU and IMF were preparing a package worth up to € 120 billion over three years — if so , the biggest sovereign rescue yet attempted .
Nevertheless , even aid on this scale might only postpone an eventual default , if Greece 's economy fails to grow faster than its debt pile .
Investors do not seem convinced that euro - zone governments will be able to muster the political will to hammer out an agreement .
Germany , as the largest euro member , is vital to any effort to save Greece , but it is wavering .
German public opinion is firmly set against dipping into the public purse to help the profligate Greeks .
Angela Merkel , Germany 's chancellor , is in a tight spot .
If she agrees to extend aid quickly to Greece a voters ' backlash back home may send her party crashing to defeat in regional elections set for May 9th .
But if she sits back and watches Greece slide towards default , the contagion is sure to spread rapidly to other , bigger EU countries with debt problems —
Mrs Merkel could then end up being blamed for triggering a far worse conflagration across Europe , including a fresh banking crisis .
Portugal is touted as the next European country at risk
Fears that Greece 's fiscal crunch would spread to other euro - area countries have sent the region 's single currency reeling to a one - year low against the dollar .
S&P 's decision on Tuesday also to downgrade the debt of Portugal by a couple of notches pushed European and world stockmarkets lower .
Portugal , despite a smaller budget deficit and lower public debt than Greece , is widely touted as the next European country that may suffer a sovereign - debt crisis .
Portugal 's slow - growing economy , drastic loss of competitiveness and high public and private indebtedness are all weaknesses that markets might put to greater test .
If Portugal comes under intense pressure , contagion might then spread to Ireland , Italy or Spain , the other euro - area countries with some mixture of big budget deficits , poor growth prospects and high debts .
Only swift and decisive action by the leaders of Europe 's big economies is likely to head off the current crisis .
Default by a smaller member such as Greece would be a body blow to the euro 's standing but it need not spell the end of the currency .
However , that might not be the case if the problems spread further afield .
There ’s no escaping the launch of Apple ’s iPad this weekend ( you might even be reading this post on its glossy , seductive touch - screen ) .
So for those who ’d like to contribute something to the conversation beyond the increasingly tired “ is there an app for that ? ” line , we ’ve assembled a few interesting tidbits on what might be called ( eye - roll please … ) “ iPad-onomics . ”
Early Adopters and Moore ’s Law :
You want the iPad now , but you know if you wait its price will soon fall and its features improve .
This principle of rapid technological advancement goes back to “ Moore ’s Law , ” named after Gordon Moore , co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel Corp. , who back in 1965 predicted that the number of transistors on a chip would double each year ( since updated to roughly every two years ) .
More broadly , the idea has been described , with no lack of controversy , as the law of accelerating returns or the “ digital revolution , ” similar if not greater in scope and magnitude to its industrial predecessor .
Back to the iPad .
So should you wait to buy one ?
Probably .
But if everyone waits , that ’s a problem for Apple , which loses the revenues and publicity generated by record - breaking launch sales .
Ultimately , a disappointing launch could be interpreted as a sign of low interest or demand for such a product , removing the incentive for further devices and innovations from Apple and its competitors that help to lower the costs and improve the quality for all users .
( Those who haughtily skip the launch to wait for the better , cheaper version may want to keep that in mind ) .
Kate Beaton
A certain talented lady has been
For those of you going to I do love grandpas telling inappropriate stories .
And Edward Gorey book covers .
A certain talented lady has been very busy and soon , soon , ponies .
Which probably calls for more comics with the fat little guy .
For those of you going to Emerald City in Seattle this weekend , you can find me with the Topatoco crew .
Store !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Idaho veterinarian , elk rancher , and political hopeful Rex Rammell first attracted national attention last year when he joked about buying “ Obama tags ” to hunt the president .
Now the conservative activist is running to be the GOP ’s candidate for governor of Idaho .
His platform ?
Revving up right - wing militias so they are “ prepared ” to deal with the growing threats to freedom posed by a federal government bent on “ socializing ” the country .
On ABC ’s “ Nightline ” on Tuesday , Rammell explained why it ’s reasonable for those unhappy with the Obama administration to threaten violence :
“ I do n’t think anyone would argue that America is getting more and more enemies all of the time — both foreign and domestic , ” said Rammell .
“ I think the way politics is going in the United States and the Tea Party movement — the whole atmosphere promotes people wanting to get prepared .
And I think that is what this is about …
“ It ’s because of the current administration ’s politics — the more they force upon the states , the more noise there is , ” Rammell said .
“ The more concern people have , the less freedom there is .
Lots of Idahoans believe the health care bill is very intrusive on our individual rights . …
We are not going to allow them to come into the state and make what we believe are unconstitutional mandates .
Even if they can get them passed in D.C. , we are not going to all that to happen .
These guys want to show a little force behind the scene …
I do n’t have a problem with that . ”
Show a little force ?
Was Rammell calling for right - wing militias to try to intimidate the federal government days after the feds cracked down on the Hutaree Christian militia for plotting to kill police officers ?
Idaho has certainly spawned it own share of militia groups and sympathesizers .
Groups like Northern Idaho ’s Lightfoot Militia claim to have more than a 100 members , though they insist they are n’t looking for a “ showdown ” with the government and consult with local officials to make sure they ’re above board .
But the increasingly hysterical tone of anti-government rhetoric and growing concern about extremism have drawn increasing scrutiny to such heavily armed extracurricular activities .
Rammell himself is a fundamentalist Mormon who has long stood on the fringe of Idaho ’s right - wing political scene .
He began his political crusade as a property rights activis when the state refuse to license his elk ranch due to inadequate fencing .
And he first got a taste of the spotlight in 2006 , when over a hundred elk escaped from his ranch , prompting the governor to order a large - scale hunt .
Since then , he has espoused a series of extreme views .
“ All of the evil empires that have ever existed have dictated what their youth would learn and by whom , ” Rammell thunders on his campaign website , slamming the federal government ’s role in the education system .
A climate change denialist , he argues that those who advocate addressing human - generated global warming are godless fearmongers :
“ The catastrophic consequences predicted by the doomsayers are evidence of their lack of faith in a Supreme Being who holds the creation and the future of the world in His hands . ”
He has also called upon the Almighty to help save the Constitution during the Obama years : “ We are in America ’s second Revolutionary War to save our freedom , which we paid for with blood .
We need God ’s help and I ’m not ashamed to ask for it , ” he proclaimed in January , around the same time that he held a series of male - only Mormon campaign events .
Rammell ’s extreme views have n’t always endeared him to his fellow Republicans .
He ran for Senate as an independent in 2008 and only managed to get 5.4 percent of the vote .
Since he launched his primary campaign for the governor ’s seat , the state GOP has n’t rushed to embrace him .
And after he refused to apologize for his joke about hunting Obama last year , he came under heavy criticism from state and national Republican leaders , as well as the Mormon church .
The incumbent governor , Republican Butch Otter , is projected to win another term .
But Rammell ’s entry into the race could still have an impact .
Otter has been challenged repeatedly by the right wing of the state party — in addition to Rammell , he has three other challengers in the GOP primary .
In response , he has moved to burnish his own conservative credentials — for instance , by making Idaho the first state to sue the federal government over the health care bill .
In a crowded primary contest , Rammell ’s militia hawkery could gain traction with the Tea Party crowd — and push the Idaho Republican Party even farther to the right .
“ At one time , that wing represented a minority of the state ’s dominant party , ” a columnist from the local Lewiston Morning Tribune wrote last year .
Now , he noted , “ Idaho Republicanism is becoming little different from Rammellism . ”
Weight Loss Coach
As your weight loss coach , I first want to know why you are overweight .
The key to losing fat permanently starts with understanding how YOU became fat and why .
Losing weight is very challenging and requires an aggressive and comprehensive program and a lot of support .
Hi , I 'm Jan and I am a Longevity certified weight management adviser ( and walnut and grape grower . )
In order for you to live a thinner , healthier life , it 's essential for you to be committed to changing your lifestyle .
There are lots of tools and information that will enable you to make these changes .
This is a multi-modality approach that covers all the bases in making sure you lose the fat permanently , not a diet that you jump on and off , losing weight and then gaining it back !
It 's so important to have science based , nutritional knowledge on how you can lose fat forever .
You CAN be helped even if you have failed over and over again .
Temporary diets do not work as you are probably well aware .
I 've been as frustrated as you are now about diets , food and eating .
I love food and I love to cook AND I 'm a chocoholic .
When I was fat and cycling on and off diets and really terrible fasts I could think of nothing BUT food .
The crazy making stopped for me when I learned how to restore my metabolic balance , change my thinking and eat for my health .
You can do this too .
What do you get when you do a consultation with me ?
hour telephone consultation and analysis of why you 're not losing and what intervention is required .
A written report and a very specific plan for reaching your weight goals in stages .
Three months of coaching during which time you will make the necessary changes to LIVE at your goal weight .
I will call you once a week for 3 months for a 20 minute review of the 3 new habits you are working on .
We will review your plan and your progress at the end of the 3 months .
You need to be consistently losing fat by this time .
You will check in on a regular basis by email until you reach your ideal goal weight .
What you learn may surprise you !
You are undoubtedly contributing to the belly fat in ways you did n't suspect .
What is really causing your plateau , how can you burn fat efficiently , how to eat to increase your metabolism ?
Hormonal and metabolic issues may be complicated but they can be resolved in a healthy way .
You need to answer the questions in the survey about your specific needs and what led to your weight gain .
***
Click here and fill out the weight loss survey to get your consultation , personal weight loss coach and report .
***
* Please note this telephone consultation is only offered in the United States .
This is a healthy home weight loss plan .
When you hire me to be your weight loss coach , I will schedule an appointment with you for a telephone consultation in the comfort of your home .
A study in the New England Journal of Medicine published in November 2011 demonstrated that remote weight loss programs are as effective as in person coaching .
We will do our consultation on the telephone making it completely convenient for you .
As your weight loss coach I need to know :
Do you have insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes ?
Are you genetically predisposed to your weight gain or to obesity ?
What has your diet been like over many years ?
How many years have you been overweight and what 's behind it ?
Being fat as you know can lead to serious health problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes , stroke , osteoarthritis , even cancer .
An incredible two thirds of the American population is now overweight and one third is obese .
These are the biggest challenges to safe , permanent fat loss .
They are NOT insurmountable .
You CAN be a healthy weight and fit into nice clothes and have a happier more productive life no matter how many diets have failed you !
* If you have developed any serious medical complications due to your excess weight , you must consult with a doctor and get medical advice .
Using a weight loss coach does not take the place of medical care .
Consult with your doctor before starting any new weight loss program .
Weight Loss Survey
Fill out this simple survey and you will be on your way to a healthy , slim body with all the support you need to get there .
Stress and Weight Gain
Change your thinking and you will change your life and lose fat for a lifetime !
Nine ways to de-stress and create new , healthy habits .
How to Stop Emotional Eating
How to develop will power with your own behavior plan plus a simple technique that you can try for FREE and break free of emotional eating .
Breaking Free from Emotional Eating
Fill out this form to get your Free EFT session with a certified instructor .
Return from Weight Loss Coach to Lifetime Fat Loss home page .
Here 's a limited list of examples of what transmisogyny looks like .
Every example on this list has a story ( or dozens of stories ) behind it .
This is a topic that has been vital to my understanding of the world over the past few years , but it 's still relatively unknown outside certain circles of activists .
When I mention it as an area of my work , I almost invariably have to explain what it is .
The short answer is that it is the intersection of transphobia and misogyny that specifically targets trans women .
But that dry academic answer never communicates the visceral and intense experience that it is .
Relationship and Sexual Violence
When trans women desperately in need of sexual assault or domestic violence services are turned away because their needs are considered less important than the hypothetical discomfort their presence might cause for others , that 's transmisogyny .
When activists encourage people not even to try to fight for trans women 's access to sexual assault and domestic violence services because of the possibility that it could leave trans men unable to access those services , that 's transmisogyny .
When I , personally , sought out support after being abused by my trans male partner and was told by a prominent genderqueer activist that because I 'm a trans woman and felt validation in talking with cis women who have experienced abuse , I must have invented the abuse in an attempt to feel more like a woman by having an abusive boyfriend , that 's transmisogyny .
When a trans woman is brave enough to talk openly about surviving childhood violence and experiencing rape , only to be told that her pain is less valid or important than cis women 's experience of sexism , that 's transmisogyny .
Gender Expression
When trans women who present femininely or assert a binary identity are blamed for perpetuating binary gender roles , while it 's forgotten that many or even more cis women do the same , that 's transmisogyny .
( When cis women who present femininely are also blamed for perpetuating binary gender roles , that 's femmephobia )
When trans women have every aspect of their presentation examined and labeled either hyperfeminine and therefore fake or not feminine enough and therefore male , while the same traits would be seen as normal in cis women , that 's transmisogyny .
When trans masculine spaces allows cis butch women to attend but turn away trans butch women , that 's transmisogyny .
( When femme trans men are also turned away from those spaces , that 's femmephobia . )
Politics and Activism
When trans women and transfeminine genderqueers are assumed to be conformist , apolitical , and weak while trans men and transmasculine genderqueers are assumed to be radical , with it , and hip , that 's transmisogyny ( and femmephobia , and subversivism ) .
Specifically , when I present in a butch or genderfuck way and people assume I 'm radical , politically knowledgeable and pay attention to me , but when I present femininely I am ignored , that 's transmisogyny ( and femmephobia and subversivism ) .
When trans women are told that they are politically ignorant when they object to trans men " reclaiming " a derogatory term that has been used specifically against trans women and not against trans men , that 's transmisogyny .
When almost every local trans group in my state ( and likely a majority in other states ) are run by trans men and attended by a significant majority of trans men , yet people still complain about trans women dominating groups and point to inappropriate behavior by Virginia Prince and other transfeminine activists from decades ago as if it 's representative of what 's happening today , that 's transmisogyny .
When there 's only one trans support group in town and it's for transmale folks only , or only one comprehensive online network to discuss surgery results and it's for transmale folks only , or only one foundation offering financial help accessing surgery and it's for transmale folks only , that 's transmisogyny .
" Male Privilege "
When trans women are told that they need to stop being assertive and strong because it is a sign of male privilege - invariably by " feminists " who , of course , encourage cis women to be assertive and strong - that 's transmisogyny .
When trans women are pressured into being silent , rarely offering their opinion , and refusing leadership roles for fear of being seen as male or accused of having male privilege , that 's transmisogyny .
When trans women are afraid to analyze or discuss the role of male privilege in their life because of the way accusations of male privilege have been used as weapons to silence , shame , and misgender trans women , that 's transmisogyny .
When trans women do analyze and discuss the role of male privilege in their lives and come to different conclusions than the dominant cis feminist perspective and are told it is because they simply do n't understand privilege or are ignorant of feminism , that 's transmisogyny .
Community and relationships
When " women and trans " space allows everyone on a transmale spectrum to attend unquestioned ( because even if their trans status is not respected , they would still be welcomed as a woman ) yet people on a transfemale spectrum are subjected to scrutiny and those who are not " trans enough " are asked to leave , that 's transmisogyny .
When those same " women and trans " spaces , or even the ones that do n't police entrance , are attended by a dozen or so trans men yet zero or only one or two trans women , that 's transmisogyny .
( It obviously indicates that they do n't feel welcome , do n't trust the organizers , or were n't outreached to . )
When queer women 's spaces have trans women inclusive policies , yet any trans women who attend are generally ignored or not included in discussions , that 's transmisogyny .
While it 's true that individual preferences in partners are complicated , when large swaths of queer women 's community exotify trans men or identify as trans - sensual or even " tranny chasers " while being clear that they will not consider trans women as potential partners , that 's transmisogyny ( and in some cases , general transphobia or cissexist exotification as well ) .
When people who are attracted to women and have met only a few trans women announce that they would never date a trans women , that 's transmisogyny .
( Think about it , if a white person announced that they 'd never date a black woman , especially if they had only met 2 - 3 black women in their life , we 'd name that as being influenced by racism . )
Sexualization
When the main way to diagnose fetishistic transvestitism or autogynophilia is to look for the presence of sexual enjoyment , and trans women who enjoy their sexuality risk being given one of those diagnoses and denied trans related health care , that 's transmisogyny .
When being sexually available to men and not interested in your own sexual gratification is another way to prove that you are not a fetishistic transvestite or autogynophile , that 's transmisogyny .
When doctors encourage target testosterone levels significantly lower than cis women 's average levels requiring high doses of testosterone blockers , and when the most common testosterone blocker reduces sexuality in addition to blocking testosterone , that 's transmisogyny .
( When that 's something that trans women are asking for themselves , it 's more complex , but probably still influenced by transmisogyny somewhere . )
And that 's just what I came up with last night .
I have n't even mentioned issues around law enforcement and prisons .
What other experiences of transmisogyny have you seen or experienced ?
The decision by Swiss voters to ban minarets on Muslim houses of worship resonated across neighboring France on Monday , stoking an already emotional debate on whether burkas should be banned in public and coloring a government - sponsored debate over what it means to be French .
Commentators and officials in France and across Europe took sides Monday on the surprise Swiss decision , passed in a referendum the previous day .
French lawmakers who support banning the burka , the all - covering garment worn by some Muslim women , defended themselves against accusations that the move would fuel a growing phobia against Islam in Europe .
French Socialist Party spokesman Benoit Hamon said the Swiss decision in effect blamed Muslims for “ all of Western society ’s ills , ” and compared it to the three - month - long public debates on French identity spearheaded by conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy .
“ I regret that the president is surrendering himself to this type of stigmatization of foreigners and immigrants by associating national identity and immigration , ” Hamon said on RTL French radio .
Immigration Minister Eric Besson , who is organizing the nationwide debates , said the Swiss ban on minarets stigmatized Islam .
Instead , he said , “ We need to favor the emergence of a French Islam that integrates into the values of the republic . ”
He added that trying to ban the burka was not comparable because “ it affects a woman ’s dignity . ”
In comments to French media , Xavier Bertrand , general secretary of Sarkozy ’s political party , referred to the burka as a “ prison . ”
After Sarkozy said this summer that the burka was “ not welcome in France , ” a parliamentary panel has been studying whether it should be banned .
Meanwhile , the debate over French identity is being conducted through town hall meetings and Internet forums .
Sarkozy ’s opponents see the debate on French identity as an effort to woo right - wing voters by talking about French values , how to show pride in being French and why foreigners must be integrated into society .
Across Europe on Monday , debate raged over the Swiss referendum , which bans construction of minarets , but allows those already built to remain .
It does not block construction of new mosques .
Bernard Kouchner , the French foreign minister , equated banning minarets with oppressing a religion .
The Vatican said that Christians needed to know how to overcome feelings of “ aversion and fear ” of others .
But the Belgian newspaper Le Soir noted that some people found minarets “ scary , ” and added , “ There is a strong chance that if there was a vote in Belgium , a majority of citizens would be against it too . ”
In a statement on the Swiss vote , Thomas Hammarberg , the Council of Europe ’s commissioner for human rights , warned against narrowly defining national identity and pinpointed France ’s debate as a potential “ trap of promoting one single identity , which defines who is included and , by extension , who is excluded . ”
Others said the Swiss vote would lift the lid off French anxiety about Islam , and would give free rein to ultranationalist and anti-immigrant voices .
The Swiss vote proved there is significant popular support for tougher measures against Islam , said Jean Viard , head of the Cevipof French political science research center .
“ Deep down , many French do n’t want more mosques in France , ” he said , and the Swiss vote may stir those feelings .
While most French lawmakers were vocal in criticizing the Swiss vote , some right - leaning politicians showed sympathy for the Swiss decision .
UMP party speaker Dominique Paillé told France Inter radio he was n’t persuaded that minarets were necessary on mosques in France .
Lauter is a special correspondent .
Corrects analyst affiliation in last paragraph
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve could take a first crack at draining liquidity from the financial system this summer as the economy shows signs of healing , an opening salvo for eventual interest rate hikes that could rattle still - fragile financial markets .
The Fed could begin draining bank reserves , via transactions known as reverse repurchase agreements , or repos , in large increments as early as this summer , market analysts say .
Importantly , the U.S. central bank could begin repos before it openly abdicates a commitment to keep interest rates low for an “ extended period ” since , technically speaking , reverse repos do not constitute an actual rate hike .
Repos would be a first step for the Fed to begin scrolling back on the extraordinary measures undertaken during the height of the financial crisis to support the economy .
But they would not be without risks .
At the very least , the Fed may conduct fairly large tests of such transactions , known as reverse repurchase agreements , before it drops the “ extended period ” phrase on low rates from its policy statement , says William Dudley , president of the New York Fed , which oversees market operations .
One such dry - run spooked markets back in October .
If the Fed launches a fresh round of vaguely defined tests , at a time where the market is already on edge about the possibility of higher borrowing costs , it might have much the same depressive effect on U.S. stocks and Treasury bonds , particularly since they would likely be interpreted as a sign of coming measures to tighten monetary policy .
“ As of right now we ’re looking for them to begin sometime in July , ” said Omair Sharif , U.S. economist with RBS Securities in Stamford , Connecticut .
“ The big thing is going to be communication .
They ’re going to have to get out ahead of this one . ”
In a reverse repo , the Fed temporarily removes funds from the financial system by borrowing the money from large primary dealer banks .
In so doing , though , the Fed could unduly expose itself to the same risks as other investors in short - term money markets , according to some experts .
By forcing the central bank to rely on contracts with the private sector to conduct policy , reverse repos could compromise its independence , said Marvin Goodfriend , a professor of economics at Carnegie Mellon University .
“ Reverse repos make the Fed dependent on contractual commitments of the private sector , ” said Goodfriend , who is also a researcher with the National Bureau of Economic Research and recently testified before Congress on the subject of the Fed ’s exit strategy .
“ It ’s a very good idea for the central bank to structure itself in a way to be immune from this . ”
Reverse repos also expose monetary affairs to what traders like to call “ event risk . ”
If any of the string of repos required to pull liquidity out of the system fails to find enough demand , for instance , investors might question the Fed ’s ability to exit successfully from its extraordinarily stimulative stance , potentially stoking inflation and pushing market rates sharply higher .
JUMPY MARKETS
Naturally , expectations about when the Fed might pull the trigger on its first large - scale repos varies according to predictions about the direction of rates .
But of the 13 primary dealers who responded to a Reuters poll earlier this month , six said they expected large - scale , non -test reverse repos to make their way to the market by summer .
Markets have already proven jittery at the mere intimation of higher rates , interpreting a rise in the discount rate charged for emergency loans as a baby step toward tightening and pushing borrowing costs higher accordingly .
The central bank has said it is working on ways to use some of the mortgage - backed debt it acquired during the financial crisis as collateral for reverse repos , which would be aimed at preventing excess liquidity in the markets from sparking inflation and , possibly , asset bubbles .
Estimates vary as to the frequency and size of such operations .
The typical length is overnight , but they can be for as long as 65 business days .
“ They will start small and get bigger , ” said Bob Eisenbeis , chief monetary economist at Cumberland Advisors and former director of research at the Atlanta Fed .
“ I would expect to see upward pressure on Treasury rates -- another reason for starting slowly . ”
A TRICKLE , NOT A FLOOD
So why are reverse repos needed ?
One way to think of them is as a safety blanket for policy makers , who by any measure are operating in uncharted territory .
Given the sheer enormity of excess bank reserves , which mushroomed from around $ 5 billion - $ 8 billion in the months leading up to the crisis to over $ 1.1 trillion at latest count , some Fed officials worry that the benchmark federal funds rate might not react to an increase in the interest on reserves .
“ Policy makers want to loosen up the operating mechanisms on these newfangled levers before having to use them in earnest , ” said T.J. Marta , chief strategist at Marta on the Markets .
This fear of the unknown has some foundation .
Presumably , if the financial system is still flooded which cheap funding , simply saying that borrowing should be more costly might not be enough to deter banks from seeking lower rates .
They might do so in either private markets or by tapping government - backed agencies like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which are not allowed to receive interest on reserves , allowing them to sell mortgage - backed securities to investors at very low rates .
“ The looseness of the reserve - effective funds relationship is more than just a market quirk , ” said Joseph Abate , market strategist at Barclays Capital .
“ It poses serious questions about how aggressive the Federal Reserve will be once it starts draining reserves . ”
And for the intricate machinery that is the modern system of reserve credit , the Fannie and Freddie have become an inconvenient cog .
“ You ca n’t drain reserves and keep the effective funds rate constant , ” said Thomas Lam , group chief economist with OSK - DMG .
“ The problem is that Freddie and Fannie are big suppliers of fed funds and they are largely responsible for the effective funds rate being below the rate paid on reserves . ”
FOR many people , the world of lettuce has changed enormously in the last decade .
The standard is no longer head lettuce , but mesclun , or “ baby lettuce mix , ” or whatever you choose to call the omnipresent pile of variably colored leaves , tissue - thin and textureless .
( I ’m aware there ’s sometimes a bit of radicchio thrown in there for color and flavor , but the amount is insignificant . )
Mesclun comes from a Niçoise word for mixture , and when it first came to our collective awareness , it was a random collection of trimmings from the garden , never made the same way twice .
Gardeners know that it is mesclun that makes spring weeding and trimming a joy rather than a hassle , and , in season , the mixes sold at farmers ’ markets are usually quite satisfying .
But the industrialization of the product has made it another of the overly expensive foods ( as much as $ 12 a pound ! ) available year - round whose roots have been lost in the process of commercialization .
Image Stir - fried iceberg lettuce with shrimp .
Credit ... Andrew Scrivani for The New York Times
Enter , or re-enter , the loser lettuces , romaine and  dare I suggest it  iceberg , two standbys available in every supermarket in the country , and are especially useful through winter and spring , as we wait for the first of the local greens ( and local , real mesclun ) to arrive .
We cover a lot of robots here on Fast Company , sometimes exciting tech , sometimes promising for health care , or the future of daily life … and sometimes outright creepy .
The latest Japanese android is firmly in this category .
She ’s a product of the Intelligent Robotics lab at Osaka University and robot builders Kokoro Co. Ltd. , and she ’s dubbed Geminoid F ( the “ f ” is for female . )
And all that use of the word “ she ” is justified , as the bot is quite definitely convincingly female –which technically makes her a gynoid rather than an android .
All this super realism is because she ’s modeled after a real twenty - something Japanese woman–on the right in that image above–via a sophisticated scanning system .
Silicone realistic skin , convincing hair , and teeth that seem so real they make Geminoid F have a nearly human smile .
Add in subtle movements , driven by a batch of servos , that give the robot the ability to raise an eyebrow , or mimic those tiny tics that our fallible flash - and - blood bodies get up to all the time without us realizing , and you ’ve got a machine that is freakishly real .
She truly delves into that uncanny valley between detectably artificial and undetectable human - mimicing .
So what ’s the purpose of all this weird aping of reality ?
Partly it ’s because it ’s easy to develop a more trusting relationship with something that has a face –it ’s why people find it easy to love dogs and cats but turtles and spiders are harder to think about in the same anthropomorphizing way .
The team behind this robot think she ’ll work fabulously in roles like receptionist at a museum .
And they ’re probably right .
It ’ll be a while ’til the tech is advanced enough and portable enough to re-skin robots like ASIMO … but probably not as long as you think .
And that speediness is reflected in the fact that you ’ll be able to buy a Geminoid F of your own next month for around $ 110,000 .
But if super - real robots are n’t your thing , or you ’re in denial that your daily life is n’t going to be touched by this sort of tech soon , then check out this other innovation : A “ wearable ” augmented reality robot .
This is also a Japanese creation , coming from assistant professor at Toyohashi University of Technology , and it ’s designed to inject the missing “ sensations ” into cross-Internet communications .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) said the epic healthcare fight Congress just finished does n't matter as much as the coming debate over the growing $ 12.8 trillion federal debt .
The second - ranking House Democrat said " the single most pressing challenge " for the public and lawmakers was " putting our fiscal house in order . "
ADVERTISEMENT
" The subject we were discussing [ healthcare ] was not as important as the subject we 're discussing here , " said Hoyer at a University of Maryland forum Thursday on the country 's fiscal future .
Hoyer has taken the lead among House Democrats in pushing them to respond to growing entitlement costs , a major reason for projected unsustainable annual deficits of nearly $ 1 trillion over the next decade .
Hoyer has pushed leaders in both chambers to commit to votes on fiscal reform proposals coming out of President 's bipartisan debt commission , which is likely to consider changes to the tax code , spending and entitlement programs .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) and Senate Majority Leader ( D - Nev. ) will allow votes on the panel 's proposals sometime in December , Hoyer said .
Hoyer said that the health bill should help the fiscal picture ; the Congressional Budget Office expects savings of about $ 140 billion this decade and far more in the bill 's second decade .
Hoyer acknowledged Republican concerns that those savings may not be realized , as they 're based on measures lawmakers may be reluctant to enact .
The health bill 's savings come through Medicare cuts , which Democrats said wo n't affect seniors ' quality of care , and through new taxes on high - income earners .
He called on lawmakers to have the " courage " to stick by them .
" Those savings are contingent on Congress keeping its pledge to take hard votes , " Hoyer said .
" Congress does not have a good track record on that objective , " he added .
The $ 1 trillion deficits , projected by the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , would eventually lead to unsustainable levels of debt that would hamper worker productivity , wages and the overall economy , CBO Director Douglas Elmendorf has said .
The 2010 deficit is expected to hit $ 1.5 trillion , which would be equal to 10 percent of the country 's gross domestic product , according to CBO .
While that deficit level should bottom out around 4 percent of GDP as the economy recovers over the next five years , the White House and independent economists said the maximum sustainable level for deficits is around 3 percent .
Hoyer said both parties will need to educate the country about its looming fiscal obligations and must be willing to discuss all types of fiscal solutions .
" Both Republicans and Democrats have to come to the table without preconditions , " he said .
" You can't rule out any solution , on the revenue side or the spending side .
We can't give into the temptation to turn this defining challenge to the subject of demagoguery .
" Hoyer dismissed House Minority Leader ( R - Ohio ) for proposing that Congress vote on the fiscal commission 's proposals before the November election .
That would leave the panel 's negotiations vulnerable to election - year politics , he said .
" It would simply become the object of politics in September and October and every member would be asked to sign a pledge that we will not cut this or that , " Hoyer said .
release26
DragonFly Release 2.6
07 May 2010 ( 2.6.3 )
The DragonFly 2.6 release is here !
Three release options are now available for 32 - bit : Our bare - bones CD ISO , a bare - bones bootable USB disk - key image ( minimum 1G USB stick needed ) , and a GUI bootable USB disk - key image with a full X environment .
The GUI USB image replaces the DVD ISO image we had in the previous release , to work around issues with DVDs simply being too slow to boot an X environment from .
Two release options are available for 64 - bit : Our bare - bones CD ISO and our bare - bones bootable USB disk - key image .
The 64 - bit release is now fully supported .
Currently the gui disk - key image is not yet available due to some late issues with pkgsrc .
It will be put up as soon as the issues are resolved .
Availability
The release ISO images should be available on most of the mirrors .
If the ISO is not available on a certain mirror , please try another one or download it from the Dragon Fly FTP server .
MD5 sums
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = 661a41dab81b6870eda6431f95e6905f
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.1_REL.iso.bz2 ) = e7101da11ad8b9b7c1a0da53a60efd48
MD5 ( dfly - gui-i386-2.6.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = ( not yet available )
MD5 ( dfly - x86_64-2.6.1_REL.img.bz2 ) = b086e6be72a925c1b9a7bfe0d4a8254b
MD5 ( dfly - x86_64-2.6.1_REL.iso.bz2 ) = d6e1735b20c991771ac19a90776b97f3
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.2_REL.img.bz2 ) = 8d874acde8a74bf180faee63dcf680ff
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.2_REL.iso.bz2 ) = bc4f8acc3fb2a1703307edf5e6dd415f
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.2_REL.img.bz2 ) = 8d874acde8a74bf180faee63dcf680ff
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.2_REL.iso.bz2 ) = bc4f8acc3fb2a1703307edf5e6dd415f
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.3_REL.img.bz2 ) = b2014f5879a451b4de58c69bb184c868
MD5 ( dfly-i386-2.6.3_REL.iso.bz2 ) = 4a4c414969adbc768f09c6f875d4c8b6
MD5 ( dfly - x86_64-2.6.3_REL.img.bz2 ) = d1683d0bf38455efed4db9619c84afaf
MD5 ( dfly - x86_64-2.6.3_REL.iso.bz2 ) = ce79d03ebedc493da97242d0354f2e1b
pkgsrc packages
We offer over 8000 pre-built pkgsrc packages for this release .
The pkg_radd ( 1 ) utility may be used to download pre-built binary packages .
The path can be overridden by setting BINPKG_SITES in /etc/settings.conf .
To get a list of all packages , let pkg_search ( 1 ) download the summary file for that release :
# pkg_search -d
We supply a Makefile in /usr to track the pkgsrc tree .
We also supply a Git mirror of the NetBSD pkgsrc CVS repo as well as the pkgsrc / wip ( work in progress ) repo at git://git.dragonflybsd.org/pkgsrc.git.
We recommend that users use it , instead of pulling from NetBSD with CVS .
Our Git mirror is updated four times a day .
DragonFly 2.6.x Special Installation and Upgrade Notes
2.6.3 - 2.6.3 is a stabilization and pkgsrc compatibility pass .
It fixes a serious kernel crash related to sendfile ( ) operation and adjusts the extattr file ABI so libarchive compiles again .
2.6.2 - Users running a late 2.5 or the 2.6.1 release are urged to upgrade to 2.6.2 or later as soon as possible .
2.6.2 fixes a serious HAMMER filesystem corruption bug related to reblocking full or nearly full HAMMER filesystems .
VirtualBox , Virtual PC , and VMWare users - Unless your virtual hard disk is 50G or larger , we recommend doing a UFS install and not the default HAMMER install .
We also recommend installing from the CD ISO and not the DVD ISO .
Virtual PC users - Virtual PC does not supply serial numbers for the virtual disks .
The system may need to be manually directed in the boot loader if the disk identifier changes .
( Hit ? in the boot loader for a list of available volumes . )
Binary packages issue - Due to bugs in pkgsrc -2009Q4 we had to use pkgsrc - current for the x86_64 img /iso and both GUI images for 2.6.1 .
The i386 img /iso uses pkgsrc-2009Q4 .
The binary packages on avalon are thus a bit out of date for the x86_64 and GUI images .
Both i386 and x86_64 binary packages have been upgraded to pkgsrc -2010Q1 for 2.6.3 .
disklabel64 issue -
The installer may fail to install a 64 - bit disklabel due to a snooping bug in the kernel if a 32 - bit disklabel was previously present on the drive .
If you get this failure , you can re-run fdisk - IB from a shell and then retry .
CAUTION : USE THIS METHOD ONLY IF YOU ARE DEDICATING THE DRIVE TO DRAGONFLY !!!
DragonFly 2.6.1 Release Notes
Release Improvements
Kernel changes Ported tmpfs ( efficient memory filesystem ) from NetBSD
Added support for minidumps
Added swapcache support for SSDs
Ported POSIX Message Queues from NetBSD ( Google Summer of Code Project ) .
Updated Linuxulator ( now runs java , flash , ... ) for i386
fixed vinum root mounts
Added watchdog framework ( compatible with watchdogd ( 8 ) )
Added gpio framework
Ported minidumps from FreeBSD ( enabled by default )
Added vkernel64 ( 64 - bit vkernels - experimental )
Added hotplug pseudo - device
Removed msfbufs and reimplemented sfbufs as a consumer of the newly added lwbufs ( lightweight buffers )
fixed checkpointing
Updated opencrypto from FreeBSD - current
Updated ACPI from FreeBSD 7.2
Updated CPU initialization code From FreeBSD
Serious reduction in KVM use for i386
KVM expanded to 8GB for x86_64
Major performance fixes for random I/O HAMMER changes Updated to HAMMER version 4
snapshot settings and snapstops moved out of / snapshots and into meta-data
REDO generation and recovery added to support fast fsync
Extended ' hammer snapls ' output to print mountpoints and snapshot notes .
' hammer viconfig ' takes editor preference into account now
Numerous low - memory deadlocks fixed Hardware changes ( non-networking ) uchcom ( 4 ) :
The driver for WinChipHead CH341 / CH340 is now working stable
glxsb ( 4 ) : The driver has been imported from FreeBSD
hifn ( 4 ) :
The driver has been fixed to work with updated opencrypto
cs5536 : Added support for watchdog and gpio on this chip
nsclpcsio(4 ) : The driver has been imported from OpenBSD
Geode LX : Enable identification and features of this CPU
New aibs ( 4 ) driver for ASUSTeK AI Booster ACPI ATK0110 voltage , temperature and fan sensors
New kate ( 4 ) and km ( 4 ) drivers for AMD Family 0Fh , 10h and 11h AMD64 temperature sensors
New aps ( 4 ) driver for ThinkPad Active Protection System accelerometer
New wbsio( 4 ) driver for Winbond LPC Super I / O attachment of lm( 4 ) on any ISA port Hardware changes ( networking ) Imported the alc ( 4 ) driver for Atheros AR8131/ AR8132 NICs
Imported the e1000 ( 4 ) driver from FreeBSD for Intel Pro/1000 NICs Userland changes null mounts now accept -o update
awk ( 1 ) : increased input field separator width to handle extended regexps .
cpdup ( 1 ) : added - VV option to verify file 's contents and ignore mtime entirely .
mount_nfs ( 8 ) : rdirplus is now the default
periodic ( 8 ) security now also reports pkgsrc vulnerabilities
watchdogd : import from OpenBSD
hotplugd ( 8 ) : import from OpenBSD amd64 related changes amd64 has been renamed to x86_64
64 - bit vkernels now work on 64 - bit boxes Removals The T / TCP extension is no longer supported Contributed Software Updated BIND to 9.5.2 - P3 incl .
DNSSEC support available by default
Updated SENDMAIL to 8.14.4
Updated wpa_supplicant to 0.6.10
Updated hostapd to 0.6.10
Updated groff to 1.20.1
Updated file to 5.04
Updated ncurses to 5.7
Updated top to 3.8 beta1 including DragonFly specific patches
Updated less to 436
Updated openssh to 5.3p1 ( with HPN patch )
Updated gcc 4.4 to 4.4.2
Added binutils 2.20
Added cryptodev support to OpenSSL Security related ssh server : change defaults for new installations to disallow plain text passwords and allow root login via public key Big - ticket items
swapcache -
This is a mechanism which allows an attached solid state drive to be used to cache data and / or meta - data for other filesystems .
The meta - data caching feature is particularly useful for machines which manage millions of files .
About 2 million inodes and their related blockmaps can be cached per gigabyte of SSD .
DragonFly supports up to 32 GB of swap , per swap device ( up to four ) on i386 , and up to 512GB of swap , per swap device , on 64 - bit , so a very large number of inodes can be cached .
Please see the swapcache ( 8 ) manual page for more information .
HAMMER - Our filesystem now supports a REDO log on top of the UNDO log it already had .
The filesystem will use the REDO log forward - log write and file - extend operations which allows fsync to accomplish its goals with only REDO log writes .
This greatly improves the speed of fsync without weakening HAMMER 's fast - recovery feature .
tmpfs -
The tmpfs port we did from NetBSD is able to fully utilize the VM page cache on the system as well as swap space , with no duplication of data ( unlike MFS ) and very good cache characteristics which reduce or eliminate disk activity under nominal operation .
A black hole in waiting ( Image : NASA / SAF / Eurelios / SPL )
DARK matter may be prompting black holes to appear spontaneously in the hearts of distant exotic stars .
If so , this could hint at the nature of dark matter .
Arnaud de Lavallaz and Malcolm Fairbairn of King ’s College London wondered what would happen when dark matter – which makes up most of the mass of galaxies – is sucked into the heart of neutron stars .
These stars , the remnants of supernova explosions , are the densest known stars in the universe .
It turns out that the outcome depends on the nature of dark matter .
Most of the …
In the late 1980s , Melbourne was the hub of the computer underground in Australia , if not the world .
The hackers who formed the underground were not disgruntled computer professionals or gangs of organised criminals .
They were disaffected teenagers who used their basic home computers to explore the embryonic Internet from inside their locked , suburban bedrooms .
From this shadowy world emerged two elite hackers known as Electron and Phoenix , who formed part of an alliance called The Realm .
Together , Electron and Phoenix stole a restricted computer security list and used it to break into some of the world ’s most classified and supposedly secure computer systems .
So fast and widespread was the attack , people assumed it was an automated program , until Phoenix called The New York Times to brag .
Soon the US Secret Service and the FBI were on their trail and , within months , the Australian Federal Police had raided their homes .
Using a combination of interviews and dramatic reconstructions ,
In the Realm of the Hackers charts Electron ’s journey from his initial innocent explorations to his ultimate obsession .
It vividly recreates the climate of the 1980s , before there was public access to the Internet .
In the Realm of the Hackers takes us headlong into the clandestine , risky but intoxicating world of the computer underground to uncover not only how the hackers did it but why .
Drupal Development Proliferates as Version 7 Nears
Getting the next version of Drupal , the popular open source content management system , is top of mind for Drupal creator Dries Buytaert .
But speaking at the Drupalcon conference this week , Buytaert noted that Drupal 7 still requires additional work , with more than a hundred bugs remaining until Drupal 7 is ready .
Yet that 's not stopping work on other efforts to push Drupal development forward .
This week , Acquia , the lead commercial sponsor behind Drupal for which Buytaert serves as co-founder and CTO , announced new training , hosting and distribution efforts -- moves that aim to further spread the growing footprint of Drupal deployments while work on Drupal 7 development continues .
One of the key areas where Drupal is expanding is by way of its distributions , versions of the software that include the core application along with specific , contributed modules that together meet certain market needs or use - cases .
Buytaert said that there are now at least 19 Drupal distributions available , while his company , Acquia , is now in the process of building its own distribution called Drupal Common , which he described as a social media CMS .
For Buytaert , the distribution approach is one that sets Drupal apart from other open source content management systems like WordPress and Joomla .
" If we 're smart , this could result in breakout growth for Drupal , " Buytaert said .
Overall , Buytaert noted that the current Drupal 6 release has found good success in the market and has increased adoption .
According to Buytaert , Drupal now powers 1 percent of all Web sites , with enterprise users including Accenture , Capgemini and IBM , which are now developing projects based on the CMS .
Buytaert said he sees the growing usage of Drupal by such large businesses as a great validation for the work that developers have been doing in the project .
Now that Drupal 7 is on the way , Buytaert expects that Drupal adoption will grow .
With Drupal 7 , Buytaert pointed out that the project has benefited from the open source participation of the community , with more than 6,611 patches having been committed to Drupal 7 .
Those patches have come from 732 different people contributing to the project , he added .
Moving forward , Buytaert said that once Drupal 7 is released , the focus will shift to Drupal 8 , key features of which include configuration management and staging .
From a business perspective , as Drupal has grown , the commercial side of its support from Acquia has grown as well .
Gehe zu
Benutzerkontrollzentrum Private Nachrichten Abonnements
Wer ist online Foren durchsuchen Forum - Startseite Informationen News & Bekanntmachungen Vorstellungen & Einsteiger Hilfe Hilfe , Tipps und Tricks Marktplatz Dienstleistungen , Services GFX / Designs / Layouts Entwickler & Programmierer Produkte - Hardware , Waren Virtuelle Produkte - Projekte , Domains / TLDs , Server / VPS Accounts , Logins , Voucher Sonstiges Suche Talk Gaming Spiele Diskussionen Off Topic Reallife Liebe , Gefühle und Leidenschaft Internetshopping und Kaufberatung Hardware Smartphones Tablets News Politik , Umwelt & Gesellschaft Schule , Studium , Ausbildung & Beruf Wissenschaft Autos und Motorräder Kochen & Feinschmecker Sport & Fitness Kino , TV & DVD Musik Fun & Spam Forenspiele Computer & Technik Hardware & Elektronik Tuning und Overclocking Kaufberatung Windows & Software Windows10 Windows7 Windows ( andere ) Windows Phone Windows8 Software Apple Mac iPhone / iPod Touch iPad Android Linux & BSD Handy , Smartphone & PDA Android iPhone & iPod Symbian PDA , Organizer , Navi Netzwerk & Internet Sicherheit & Anonymität Tutorials / Howtos Verschlüsselung & Anonymität Programmierung Web Technik & Programmierung Netzwelt & Internet Netzwelt Filehoster & Support Szene Talk Downtimes , Invites und Suche Business , Finanzen & Digitale Währungen Filesharing & Datenaustausch Tutorials One- Click - Hoster Tools Webmaster Talk Webdesign Entwicklung & Programmierung Hosting & Webspace Server Administration Game & TeamSpeak Server Werbenetzwerke , Marketing & Geld verdienen Werbung & Linkexchange Suchmaschinen & SEO Multimedia Grafikdesign Schaukasten GFX - Battles Anfragen Tutorials Videobearbeitung FAQs & Tutorials Audiobearbeitung FAQs & Tutorials Brennen und Sicherheitskopien
This is fascinating news : 90 % of the distant Universe was thought to be missing , but it was recently found .
And what 's weird is , it was found to be in the red .
Quite literally .
[ Note : before you ask , this has nothing to do with dark matter .
See below ! ]
First , a bit of background .
Galaxies are filled with hydrogen gas , and that gas is a major component of the clouds that collapse to form stars .
When that happens , the hot stars ionize the gas : the flood of ultraviolet light strips the electron away from the proton , freeing both .
If the electron gets near the proton again , they can recombine .
Because of quantum mechanics , the electron can only exists in certain energy states , which are a bit like steps in a staircase .
You can jump from the third step down to the second , but there is no second - and - a - halfth step .
So it is with electrons .
It used to be taught that this levels were like orbits , but that 's not a great analogy ; the staircase is better .
So if the electron is on the second level and drops to the first , it gives off energy in the form of light ( just like when you step down you lose a bit of energy too , and it takes energy to go up a step ) .
For the 2 to 1 step in hydrogen , the photon emitted is in the ultraviolet , and has a special name : Lyman alpha .
Ionized hydrogen gas clouds tend to blast out lots of Lyman alpha .
This makes it a good way to search for distant star forming regions ; just look for that wonderful wavelength of light associated with the 2 - 1 transition of hydrogen .
As it happens , we know that when the Universe was young , about a quarter the age it is now , star formation was going on at a much higher rate on average than it does now .
So astronomers figured , hey , why not do searches for distant galaxies using Lyman alpha ?
They should pump it out , and make them easy to see .
So they looked .
And to their surprise , they only found about 10 % of the galaxies they predicted they should !
Uh oh .
This has been a problem for some time .
But it 's not anymore : a recent experiment by astronomers shows that the galaxies are there , but they 're hidden !
What they did is look in one part of the sky , using the GOODS South field ( part of which is pictured above ) , trying to find Lyman alpha emitting galaxies .
Then they looked at the same region , but looked instead for H alpha , the line emitted when an electron jumps down from the third energy level to the second .
And guess what they found : tons of galaxies !
The problem , they surmised , is that the galaxies are actually there and emitting Lyman alpha .
But before that ultraviolet light can get out of one of those galaxies , it gets reabsorbed by gas inside the galaxy itself .
We never see it .
But H alpha can more easily escape the galaxies once it 's produced .
For one thing , it 's red light , and that can penetrate the gas and dust better than the ultraviolet Lyman alpha light can .
There are other more complicated reasons as well , but the point is , the galaxies were simply hidden from us before , but not anymore .
By extrapolating their results , it looks like they found 90 % of the distant Universe !
I 'll note : this has nothing to do with dark matter .
As it happens , 90 % of the matter in the Universe is in a form that emits no light , but affects other matter through gravity .
We know it exists , and you can find out why here .
We know it exists locally , in nearby galaxies and clusters of galaxies , too .
This new result does n't affect that , since the now un - hidden galaxies are very far away , like many billions of light years away .
They can't possibly affect nearby galaxies , so they do n't account for dark matter .
I love this study .
It 's a great application of simple logic , though it was n't so simple to do : they had to use a lot of time on a monster 8 meter telescope to do it !
But they were able to answer a question that has been around for some time , and it really does look like they 've solved it .
And , as always , it makes me wonder what else is lurking out there in space , hidden but for a leap of logic and technology that will allow us to unveil it .
Science is all about thinking around problems , and peeking into dusty corners .
Sometimes the most interesting things are found there ... including , in this case , the vast majority of the Universe !
Standing near the portal of the Massey Energy mine where at least 25 miners have died in a deadly explosion , Joe Main , assistant labor secretary for Mine Safety and Health , vowed to “ turn over every rock ” to get to the bottom of the cause of the April 5 tragedy .
Main , who served as health and safety director of the United Mine Workers before President Obama appointed him to head MSHA , explained to reporters that holes are being drilled hundreds of feet into the mine to vent poisonous methane and carbon monoxide gases so rescue teams can enter the mine .
Hope waned when there was no answer from the trapped miners when rescuers tapped on the steel casing leading down into the mine .
Anger is rising that Massey Energy and its CEO , Don Blankenship , are among the most arrogant scofflaws in the mining industry , flouting federal safety mining laws , and aggressively challenging thousands of MSHA safety and health citations .
AFL - CIO President Rich Trumka , himself a former coal miner and former UMW president , extended his condolences to the families of the miners .
He said , “ This incident is n’t just a matter of happenstance but rather the result of a profit - driven system and reckless corporate conduct .
Many mining companies have given too little attention to safety over the years and too much to the bottom line . ”
According to documents posted on MSHA ’s website , 2,118 citations were issued against Performance Coal Company ( wholly owned by Massey ) for safety violations at the Upper Big Branch mine since the year 2000 .
It included 495 violations and $ 911,802 in “ proposed ” fines last year .
Since 2005 , Massey Energy as a whole , has been cited for 38,997 safety violations in its 35 underground and 12 mountaintop removal mines .
MSHA “ proposed ” fines totaling $ 43.5 million for those violations but the company contested the vast majority of these fines , 85 percent in 2007 , for example .
MSHA , then packed with former coal company executives , backed down .
Massey , as one critic put it , “ got away , literally , with murder , ” paying a combined total of only $ 11.8 million over that five year period .
The corporation , one of the most notorious union - busters in the nation , employs 5,400 miners who produce over 40 million tons of coal annually .
Back in 1984 - 1985 , the company , then called AT Massey , used vicious strikebreaking tactics , with all - out support of President Ronald Reagan , to bust a strike by the United Mine Workers seeking union recognition at Massey mines in Logan County , W. Va .
Massey Energy CEO
Don Blankenship reported $ 24 million in salary and stock options in 2007 and $ 11.2 million in 2008 .
Earlier this year , he cashed in 200,000 stock options pocketing $ 3.8 million .
In 2002 , President George W. Bush named Massey Energy executive Stanley Suboleski to the review commission of the Mine Safety and Health Administration that oversees enforcement - or lack thereof - of the Federal Mine Act.
Blankenship contributed $ 3 million to elect a West Virginia Supreme Court Justice .
He took one of the Supreme Court justices on a junket to the French Riviera .
Blankenship is a major moneybag for the Republican Party contributing $ 30,400 to the National Republican Senatorial Committee and thousands more to GOP Senate candidates Pat Toomey in Pennsylvania and Rob Portman in Ohio .
Photo : Guards stand at an entrance to the Performance Coal Company mines on April 6 , in Montcoal , W. Va. Mark Humphrey / AP
Danger , Will Robinson !
Danger !
All left - wing think tanks and high powered groups should take notice of this report because it could have severe consequences for the future of news in the country .
A growing number of conservative groups are bankrolling startup news organizations around the country , aggressively covering government and politics at a time when newspapers are cutting back their statehouse bureaus .
The phenomenon troubles some longtime journalists and media watchdogs , who worry about political biases and hidden agendas .
The news outlets have sprouted in larger numbers in recent months to fill a void created by the downsizing of traditional statehouse coverage and to win over readers , including those from the tea party movement who do n't trust the local paper or the TV news .
" Our state Capitol used to be bustling with the media , " said Matthew Brouillette , president of the Harrisburg , Pa. - based Commonwealth Foundation , whose news outlet , the Pennsylvania Independent , went live in January .
" Now , you can swing a dead cat and not hit anybody in the state Capitol newsroom . "
The news outlets usually receive their money from right - leaning , free - market organizations .
Idahoreporter.com , for example , is funded by the Idaho Freedom Foundation , a think tank that has barraged local governments with public records requests since last year in an effort to expose waste .
Similar news operations are now in place in Washington state , Michigan , South Carolina , Montana , Wyoming , Florida , West Virginia , Arizona , Missouri , Maryland , Nebraska , Illinois , Texas , Tennessee , Ohio and elsewhere .
The outlets publish almost exclusively on the Internet and usually look like traditional news sites .
For example , the front page of Idahoreporter.com recently featured stories about proposed tax increases , higher park fees , a labor report , and the funding of a college scholarship program .
The lead stories all had accompanying graphics and photos ; some stories have video .
Journalism watchdogs say they have not noticed any obvious slant in the coverage .
But some of these news organizations have been barred from capitol press corps because of rules that forbid lobbyists from membership .
And there are fears that these organizations are trying to advance a certain agenda by the stories they decide to cover — even if the articles themselves are unbiased ... read on
After 15 months in office President Obama has increased the number of troops in Afghanistan by an almost impossible amount , going from 30,000 ( itself the product of an end - of - term escalation by President Bush ) to 86,000 … with the troop level pushing 100,000 by the end of the summer .
But in what is rapidly becoming the ultimate example of a mission that grows to exceed whatever resources it is given , the Pentagon ’s latest report on Afghanistan is warning that they still do n’t have enough troops to cover even half of the “ key districts ” in the nation , let alone the rest of the country .
The report was released yesterday , with an emphasis on the grim assessment of just how unpopular President Hamid Karzai is in those “ key ” districts .
The report also noted that the Taliban continue to grow and claimed , speciously considering the data in the report , that the rising violence had “ leveled off . ”
Yet the Obama Administration clearly can’t do anything to make Karzai a more palatable president , and nine years suggest the US has no idea how to keep the Taliban from growing .
In the end it may therefore be the troop shortages that shape the policy , as if the administration is willing to do one thing it is throw more troops at the conflict .
Though Pentagon officials expressed hope that the remainder of the current US escalation , coupled with the foreign escalations , would cover the “ key ” districts , there seems to be no wiggle room in the US strategy , and little to stop other districts from suddenly taking on greater importance .
Intel showed off an experimental device last week in China that could someday substantially cut the costs of wiring homes and offices for energy efficiency , one more step in the company 's foray into energy .
The device is a server / sensor that monitors the power consumption of the various appliances in a home or small commercial building in real time .
The device then sends the data , via Wi -Fi , to a phone , PC or a home energy management console , like the one Intel showed off at CES earlier this year .
" Turn -on and turn - off signatures are like fingerprints , " said Justin Rattner , Intel 's chief technology officer in an interview .
" Compressors , motors , TVs , stereos – all of them have a unique signature .
It is relatively easy to train the system to recognize these things . "
Intel ’s new device can read your dryer ’s mindIn the first stage , these devices will merely provide data to home energy consoles , but over time , remote control capabilities will be added so that lights can be turned off or thermostats turned down – either by a person or a computer – to save energy .
Think of it as a Digital Mom ( " Did you turn the lights off in your room ... , " etc. ) without the guilt .
Intel will work with Flextronics to get the first commercially available versions out later this year .
Ideally , these sorts of devices and the pattern recognition software that powers them will curb the amount of hardware that will be required for home automation .
Everyone loves the idea of home automation .
The problem is the cost : outfitting lights and appliances with sensors and radios scares white - goods makers .
With devices like this , manufacturers might be able to get away with inserting only basic computing functions into appliances and letting a central server conduct more of the computing tasks needed .
In other words , forget intelligent appliances and say hello to the merely competent refrigerator .
A million homes or small office buildings rigged with automation equipment could curb the need to build a good number of 600 and 700 megawatt power plants , Rattner said .
" We believe that 30 percent of energy consumption is controlled by the consumer , " he said , who will show off the device and conduct other demonstrations during a speech at the Intel Developer Forum in Beijing this week .
Part of Intel 's interest in home automation stems from the lopsided nature of energy consumption when computing is compared with the rest of the world .
Computers and IT equipment only account for two percent of the world 's power consumption .
" If we were to hugely succeed and cut IT power in half , we 'd only improve things by one percent , " he said .
A bigger motive , however , lies in the opportunity to sell more chips .
Intelligent appliances will need processors , boards and communications silicon .
Last year , Intel began to vaguely discuss the opportunity in home automation ( see the story we broke on the effort here ) before coming out with its energy console and making it official .
Some of the technology behind these energy management applications to some degree can be traced back to sensor research Rattner and others showed off at IDFs in the early 2000s .
( Here 's a walk down memory sensor lane for you silicon fans . )
With energy , remote sensors are finally finding a lucrative application to exploit .
Sensor servers and management consoles in some ways could also allow consumers and even utilities to postpone or downgrade smart meter rollout .
Who needs a smart meter if your DSL router can already control your home ?
These devices , however , need data to work ; hence , Intel is part of a coalition to get utilities to give third parties access to consumer energy consumption data .
Here 's a laundry list of some of Intel 's other energy efforts :
Smart grid .
Intel is working with the State Grid Corporation in China .
It is also a big supporter of Grid Net , the company that wants to use WiMax in the grid .
Intel has been behind the WiMax concept since the beginning .
.
Intel is working with the State Grid Corporation in China .
It is also a big supporter of Grid Net , the company that wants to use WiMax in the grid .
Intel has been behind the WiMax concept since the beginning .
Wind .
There are ten processors in the average wind turbine .
Intel sells to some large vendors already .
.
There are ten processors in the average wind turbine .
Intel sells to some large vendors already .
Demand response and efficiency .
The company is already an investor in CPower .
.
The company is already an investor in CPower .
Green IT .
Intel in 2001 kicked off an effort to reduce power consumption in chips .
That was to prevent computers from melting .
The company shifted its emphasis to power savings as electricity prices climbed .
.
Intel in 2001 kicked off an effort to reduce power consumption in chips .
That was to prevent computers from melting .
The company shifted its emphasis to power savings as electricity prices climbed .
Solar .
Intel has spun out a few startups in solar already and Intel Capital has invested in some as well .
Solar cells are basically just semiconductors .
Intel may not ever produce solar cells itself , but expect it to try to get its technology for chips more integrated into solar .
.
Intel has spun out a few startups in solar already and Intel Capital has invested in some as well .
Solar cells are basically just semiconductors .
Intel may not ever produce solar cells itself , but expect it to try to get its technology for chips more integrated into solar .
Talent .
A growing number of green startups are headed by Intel alums .
The company has a knack for producing people well - versed in technology and marketing , running employees ragged and wearing down anyone that tries to resist their sales pitch .
VCs love that .
Others not listed in that link are Carlos Perea , CEO of Miox , Dan Russell , CEO of PowerMand , and First Solar president Bruce Sohn .
See Also :
This is a sensitive topic but one that needs to be discussed and more importantly one that needs answers .
People who have suicidal thoughts seldom share these thoughts with others , however they might , they just might Google , in the privacy of their own homes " How to Deal with Suicidal Thoughts " and they might stumble upon my blog .
This blog is for those who have felt this way and for those who have struggled with suicidal thoughts for their entire life .
I am over 50 and I have had suicidal thoughts since I was a young girl .
I consider my age a triumph over the depression that has accompanied me throughout my life .
I do n't know why I have felt this way , on and off , almost all my life but I have .
That 's the first thing that you have to know and that is that it 's not your fault that you are thinking like this .
You do n't want to die , you just want things to be better and you do n't know how to get there .
Having suicidal thoughts is not a moral flaw .
But , not everyone thinks that way , especially people who have never been down that long , dark , lonely road .
For those people , dealing with this subject can be terrifying .
But , for people who have never had suicidal thoughts that does n't mean that they are off the hook , they might have children going through this or husbands or wives or friends ... what will you tell them when you have never dealt with this issue personally ?
One weapon you have to fight against suicidal thoughts with is your mind .
Your mind is what got you into this mess and your mind can get you out .
First of all , who is to say that if you kill yourself that the pain will stop .
What if , the moment you pass over you have all the same emotional and mental pain but have no way of making it better because you are no longer in the body or the land of the living .
Someone said once , where there is life there is hope , what if the escape you seek is really just a permanent prison ?
Now , that is one scary thought !
And if that is the case then it takes the solution of suicide off the table .
If suicide is off the table one is forced to deal with the situation rather than dream of an escape hatch .
There are things you can do to make your current situation better in almost all circumstances .
Exercise , eating right , fresh air , and company will all help to scrape you off the bottom and raise your mood .
Remember you do n't have to elevate your mood to 100 % , you only have to get it up a little for now and a little later , that 's all you have to do .
So whatever will help elevate your mood , do those things .
In addition to the areas I just mentioned , going to a movie or to a bookstore and just getting out of the house for a few hours will help .
After you have elevated your mood to a decent level then you can start tackling the areas that got you into the dark side in the first place .
I always liked the saying " how does one eat an elephant " ?
and the answer , " one bite at a time " .
Whatever your situation , however grim , however difficult , the answer lies in taking that first little baby step , then another , then another until the situation is remedied .
I think we live in very difficult times .
We are constantly being told that we are not good enough , that we must be beautiful and rich and perfect in order to be worthy human beings .
God says that we are good enough just the way we are , that He made us in His image .
We do n't have to conform to societies standards to be worthy of love or happiness , we do n't have to be perfect , we just have to learn to love ourselves and each other just the way we are , faults , blemishes , sins and all .
The general election race was thrown wide open today as polls showed that Nick Clegg 's mould - breaking performance in the first of the televised leaders ' debates had dramatically boosted his party 's support , prompting the two major parties to vow to train their guns on its " eccentric , surprising " policies .
Labour and the Conservatives vied with one another to claim the other had been the bigger loser from the unprecedented debate , watched by 9.9 million viewers at its peak , as Labour 's election co-ordinator , Douglas Alexander , admitted : " It is now impossible to predict the course of the next three weeks . "
David Cameron conceded that Clegg had performed strongly , as his aides reviewed how they could puncture the Liberal Democrat leader 's image as the anti-establishment outsider .
Tory sources , ruing Cameron 's personal decision to grant Clegg equal status in the three debates , started to point to his past as a full - time European commission bureaucrat , as well as his firm Europhile views .
There was further good news for the Lib Dems when a YouGov poll for the Sun put them in second place on 30 % , pushing Labour into third on 28 % , with the Conservatives in the lead on 33 % .
Labour have not trailed in third place in a national poll of this kind since the days of the SDP / Liberal Alliance in the 1980s .
Some Conservatives are pressing Cameron to expose Clegg 's support for an earned amnesty for illegal immigrants , his willingness to keep anyone given a sentence of less than six months out of jail , and the credibility of the party 's claim that it can raise £ 4.8 bn a year from anti-tax avoidance measures .
Labour , happy to see a Liberal Democrat wave so long as it does not convert into a tsunami , continued to emphasise the similarities between Lib Dem and Labour policies .
Lord Adonis , the transport secretary and a former Lib Dem , took hints of postelection co-operation a stage further by saying he would not tell voters whether to back Labour in Lib Dem - Tory marginals .
In the first poll on the impact of the debate on the state of the parties , a ComRes survey for ITN found the Lib Dems at 24 % , up 3 % on a similar poll two days earlier , with Labour down 1 % on 28 % and the Conservatives unchanged on 35 % .
An ICM poll for the Guardian found that 23 % of voters who watched the debate said they would change their vote , with most going to the Lib Dems .
The Sun / YouGov poll conducted after the TV debate saw the Lib Dems take four points from the Conservatives , three from Labour and one from other parties in the poll .
A Harris poll for the Daily Mail put the Lib Dems level with the Conservatives on 32 % and Labour on 26 % .
Labour believes a strengthening Lib Dem poll rating can deprive the Tories of an overall majority by putting some vulnerable Labour seats out of their reach .
Labour plans to focus on the economy next week with a slew of statistics due to be published , culminating on Friday with the figures showing whether the economy continued to grow in the first quarter .
Brown will have advance warning of the figures before he takes part in the second leaders ' debate on Thursday night .
Alexander highlighted the extraordinary failure of Cameron not to use the TV debate to showcase his call to roll back the state and roll forward society .
" Within two days of his manifesto launch , his own big idea – the Big Society – itself became the Great Ignored , another strategy dumped as quickly as it was born . "
Clegg told party aides that they now faced the most difficult week of the campaign as the media scrutiny grows .
Insisting his feet were " firmly on the ground " , he said : " Some people are getting a bit hyped up about this . "
With some Lib Dems describing Clegg as a potential British Barack Obama , the former party leader Lord Ashdown vowed : " No triumphalism , this is serious stuff now – they are going to go for us , you watch . "
Cameron said he completely accepted that Clegg had " a very good debate " .
But he pointed out : " A plague on both your houses is a great tune to play in politics .
I always knew that if you do debates you are going to give them a massive platform but I always thought it was worthwhile .
We all know that polls react to news cycles .
It is a very depressing thing about politics : you do your manifesto launch or conference speech and you get a bounce and you think , ' Fantastic we are on our way ' – and then a few days later you think : ' Hold on , what did we do all that for ? ' "
Reflecting an intense debate inside the Tory party on how to handle the Lib Dem intruder , the shadow schools secretary , Michael Gove , vowed that they now intended to subject the Lib Dems ' policy programme to intense scrutiny .
He emphasised Lib Dem plans to join the euro , scrap Trident and offer an amnesty to illegal immigrants , which , he claimed , lay outside the political mainstream .
" The greater degree of scrutiny these policies have , the more that people will realise that while Nick Clegg is a very attractive individual in many ways , the policies of his party are outside the mainstream and a little bit eccentric – not necessarily what you would want at a time of crisis and difficulty . "
The Tories will today move to win back voters tempted to support the Lib Dems by pledging to offer all of Britain 's 5 million public sector workers the right to request flexible working .
At the moment this is only available to parents of children under the age of 16 .
In an article for the Guardian 's Comment is free , the shadow chancellor , George Osborne , writes : " This radical step will help more government employees to achieve a better work - life balance and gain more control over their lives .
As we 've seen with companies like BT and Asda , where the majority of employees are now working flexibly , this will particularly benefit women , older people and employees with health conditions . "
Four people were shot in three episodes in Midtown Manhattan , and the police said they arrested 33 people as rowdy crowds roamed the area in the waning hours of Sunday and early Monday in what has become something of a violent Easter Night ritual .
No one had been arrested in any of the shootings — two near Times Square and the other near Pennsylvania Station — by midmorning Monday .
The four people who were shot were in stable condition at hospitals in Manhattan , the police said .
The police said they had assigned extra manpower to Times Square on Sunday evening because they were concerned about crowds leaving the New York International Auto Show , which opened on Friday at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center , on 11th Avenue near West 34th Street .
While the trade show itself has not experienced problems , the spillover of revelers into Times Square following the show on Easter Sunday has led to mini riots in recent years .
In 2006 , a teenager was stabbed ; the following year , a teenager was slashed in the arm .
Three foreign journalists and one analyst , all of whom focus on China , have recently reported problems with Yahoo e-mail accounts , at least two of which were confirmed hacking attempts .
The source of the problems is n't known , but all four report hearing of similar problems from colleagues that report primarily on China - related issues .
One of the journalists , Clifford Coonan , received a notice that there was an " issue " with his account when attempting to log in Tuesday , according to an Associated Press report .
Yahoo confirmed there were suspicious login attempts on his account .
Coonan serves as a China correspondent for both The Independent and the Irish Times .
Two other unnamed journalists told AP that they had received similar notices in January and February respectively .
A financial analyst that focuses on China confirmed with Yahoo that his account had been hacked .
For its part , Yahoo has said that it will " take appropriate action " for any confirmed hacking attempts .
Coonan speculated that he might merely be the target of broad hacking attempts , but worried of the implications if foreigners with ties to China were being specifically targeted .
" It 's obviously annoying , but if it 's just journalists and academics , that 's scary , " he told AP .
The problems happened shortly after Google complained of hacking attempts originating from China and moved to end its practice of censoring search results in China .
Rogelio V. Solis / Associated Press
Constance McMillen did not get to attend her high school prom after her Mississippi high school canceled it rather than allow her to bring her girlfriend .
But she will be an honored guest at an even bigger celebration : she has been named a grand marshal of the gay pride parade in New York .
Heritage of Pride , which runs the pride parade in New York , announced her appointment , and her lawyer confirmed that Ms. McMillen would attend the parade , to be held June 27 .
Ms. McMillen , a senior at Itawamba Agricultural High School in Fulton , Miss .
who has been out as a lesbian since eighth grade , had planned to take her girlfriend to the prom but was told by the school that she could go alone or with a male date but not with a female date .
After the American Civil Liberties Union sued the school district on her behalf , the district canceled the prom .
School officials then said that parents would organize a private event with school chaperones that Ms. McMillen could attend , and she did , along with a handful of other students .
But many more students went to another prom the same night at a country club to which Ms. McMillen said she was not invited .
Ms. McMillen also plans to attend a promlike celebration May 1 in San Francisco held by the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
I 'm in a bit of a grumpy mood today , so I 'm going to tee off on theism / religion and some of the laughable things that come out of the mouths of their participants .
This is going to get bumpy , you 've been warned .
“ We can agree to disagree . ”
It 's true , we can agree to not see eye - to - eye on this subject , but do n't think for one minute that this puts both of our arguments on equal footing ; one argument is clearly not as logical or reasonable as the other .
Do n't get it twisted , the theist world view is founded on myths that should n't survive elementary school , so if we agree to disagree do n't mistake it as a nod of respect for your views or argument .
The idea of gods is idiotic at best , and destructive to humanity at worst .
I 'll respect the person , but I steadfastly refuse to respect their cult , or their creepy beliefs .
They get only a cold tolerance based on my respect for the freedom of religion , do n't count on conversational tolerance if you start yammering about magic men in the sky and how real they are .
“ God X is immaterial , and outside space and time . ”
I do n't have to waste time pointing out how silly this belief is , the theist does all that work for me .
But as soon as they assert their god is undetectable , the opposition wins .
Removing all the criteria we use to validate a claim does n't somehow magically make it true , since we now have no way to determine it 's existence we have to disregard its possibility of being true .
The theist will literally argue their god into non-existence all the while thinking they 're pulling a fast one – I do n't think so scooter , try again .
“ But it 's true for me ! ”
If the god exists only inside your head – only inside your consciousness – then fine , have at it .
But when you say it exists outside of your imagination , if you say it 's actually true , that becomes a whole new ball game .
If you want to say your god is real , that it exists in the outside world , you adopt a burden of proof to demonstrate your claim as being true , just like everyone else .
Ca n't muster the proof ?
Tough shit , try again when you can .
It 's arrogant and childish to think the world outside your mind has any obligation to fit your demands – reality has zero responsibility to change itself to fit your idea of what it should be .
If the burden of proof is too much for theists to handle , then they need to go stand in the back of the room with the rest of the cultists .
It is time to change the policy that bans blood donations in Canada from all men who have sex with men , states an article in CMAJ ( Canadian Medical Association Journal ) .
Since 1983 , blood agencies in Canada , the United States and other industrialized countries have disallowed blood donations from men who have sex with men because of the possibility of infection with HIV / AIDS .
The exclusion barred men who had sex with men from 1977 onwards as it was determined this date preceded the start of the AIDS epidemic .
Prospective blood donors are required by Canadian Blood Services and Hema - Quebec ( and blood agencies in other countries ) to complete a questionnaire about medical history and potentially harmful behaviour .
Intravenous drug users , people with possible exposure to Creutzfeld - Jakob disease , people who have exchanged money for sex or drugs and men who have sex with men are all permanently deferred from giving blood .
However , while some industrialized countries such as France , Germany , the US and Canada have lifetime deferrals , others have shorter deferral periods : one year in Argentina , Australia , Japan , Hungary and Sweden , five years in South Africa and 10 years in New Zealand .
In 2005 , an estimated 5.4 % of homosexuals and bisexuals in Canada were HIV - positive , 67 - fold greater than the general population .
However , more than 95 % of homosexuals and bisexuals in Canada are not HIV - positive .
The risk of a false negative , one reason for the ban , has been almost eliminated .
" With the development of more sensitive HIV detection tests , the potential occurrence of a false - negative result is now remote , since the system no longer relies exclusively on either the enzyme - linked immunosorption assay ( ELISA ) introduced in 1985 or the more accurate confirmatory Western blot test , also introduced in 1985 , " writes Dr. Mark Wainberg , McGill University AIDS Centre , Jewish General Hospital with coauthors .
A significant benefit to reducing the deferral period for men who have sex with men would be the enlargement of the blood donor pool .
A one - year deferral would result in a risk of one HIV positive unit of blood being undetected in every 11 million units of blood .
Another option would be a five - year deferral which in the US would result in 71,400 more donors .
" Current policy is counterproductive in regard to loss of donors , good will , student protests , potential boycotts , lawsuits etc. , " conclude the authors .
" It should be noted that policy , has , in fact , changed to now permit donations from persons of Haitian origin .
It 's time to change policy again . "
The Rise of the New Paternalism
For as far back as memory reaches , people have been telling other people what ’s good for them — and manipulating or forcing them to do it .
But in recent years , a novel form of paternalism has emerged on the policy stage .
Unlike the “ old paternalism , ” which sought to make people conform to religious or moralistic notions of goodness , the “ new paternalism ” seeks to make people better off by their own standards .
New paternalism has gone by many names , including “ soft paternalism , ” “ libertarian paternalism , ” and “ asymmetric paternalism . ”
Whatever the name , it arose from the burgeoning field of behavioral economics , which studies the myriad ways in which real humans — unlike the agents who populate most economic models — deviate from pure rationality .
Real people suffer from a variety of cognitive biases and errors , including lack of self - control , excessive optimism , status quo bias , susceptibility to framing of decisions , and so forth .
To the extent such imperfections cause people to make choices inconsistent with their own best interests , paternalistic interventions promise to help them do better .
What sort of interventions ?
To the casual reader , the new paternalism might seem to have little to do with government at all .
Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler ’s Nudge and Daniel Ariely ’s Predictably Irrational , for instance , often read more like advice manuals than policy manifestos .
But if you dig deeper , you ’ll find a wide - ranging policy agenda at work .
In seminal journal articles by Sunstein & Thaler , Camerer et al. , O’Donoghue and Rabin , and others , you ’ll find a panoply of policy proposals from mild to downright intrusive .
The story begins with the seemingly innocuous proposal to enroll all employees in savings plans automatically ( with the ability to opt out ) .
Then it progresses to new default rules in contracts , such as a presumption of “ for cause ” rather than “ at will ” employment , again with an opt - out .
And then ?
Default rules that can be waived only through a cumbersome legal procedure .
Then default rules with some options ruled out entirely — such as maximum hours that cannot be waived for less than time - and - a - half pay .
Then cooling - off periods for high - cost purchases .
Then sin taxes for fatty or sodium - rich foods .
Then outright bans on ingredients like trans fats .
Not every new paternalist supports every one of these policies , and they do n’t advocate them all with the same confidence .
But they ’re all on the list , and all justified by an appeal to behavioral economics .
The Claim to Moderation vs. The Slippery Slope
New paternalists often present their position as striking a reasonable middle ground between rigid anti-paternalism on the one hand and intrusive “ hard ” paternalism on the other .
But as the list of policies above suggests , this claim to moderation is difficult to sustain .
My claim ( along with my frequent coauthor , Mario Rizzo ) is that the new paternalism carries a serious risk of expansion .
Following its policy recommendations places us on a slippery slope from soft paternalism to hard .
This would be true even if policymakers — including legislators , judges , bureaucrats , and voters — were completely rational .
But the danger is especially great if policymakers exhibit the same cognitive biases attributed to the people they ’re trying to help .
The slippery slope is not , of course , the only argument against new paternalism .
The slippery slope is not intended as a solo knock - out argument against any and all new - paternalist policies .
In some cases , their benefits might be high enough to justify their costs .
The key point is that the slippery slope risk must be counted among the relevant costs .
Unfortunately , the very manner in which the new paternalism paradigm has been advanced makes it likely that risk will be ignored .
The Paternalism - Generating Framework
If behavioral economics has taught us anything , it ’s that humans are vulnerable to framing effects .
In other words , how people make choices turns on seemingly irrelevant aspects of the situation , such as the order in which options are presented , the other ( unchosen ) options presented at the same time , which option is designated as the “ default , ” and so on .
The new paternalists , having learned this lesson well , frame the public policy debate in a way that encourages paternalistic interventions .
They have done so in at least three ways .
First , it is well - established that people exhibit extremeness aversion : a tendency to avoid positions that are presented as extremes .
When choosing between a low - end camera and a medium - quality camera , for instance , potential buyers split about equally between the two — but when these two options are presented alongside a high - end camera , the medium - quality camera attracts substantially more buyers .
The mere presence of an extreme option makes the middle option seem better .
The new paternalists , intentionally or not , have exploited this same tendency by presenting their position as a middle - ground between laissez - faire and heavy - handed paternalism .
This would be no great concern , were it not for the tendency of the middle ground to shift over time .
A newly adopted middle - ground quickly becomes the status quo .
Then a more intrusive option takes center stage , and what used to be the middle - ground becomes one of the bookends .
To take just one example , legally mandated enrollment in savings plans ( with exit option ) seems like the middle ground right now .
But once it becomes standard , it will occupy the laissez - faire position .
Then a “ Save More Tomorrow ” policy ( with exit option ) becomes the new middle - ground .
And once that has been adopted , it too becomes the low - end , while automatic enrollment with freedom to choose your investments but without the option to exit entirely becomes the middle .
By this route , a series of minor steps can eventually make even mandatory enrollment with specified minimums , highly restricted investments , and no opt - out seem like the “ reasonable middle . ”
Sound paranoid ?
Anti-smoking regulations followed a similar path .
Once upon a time , banning smoking on airplanes seemed like the reasonable middle ground .
Now that ’s the ( relatively ) laissez - faire position , smoking bans in bars and restaurants are the middle , and full - blown smoking bans have come to pass in some cities .
Second , as Daniel Kahneman has argued , “ The basic principle of framing is the passive acceptance of the formulation given . ”
People tend to take the description of a situation as fixed , without reformulating it in different ways .
And this tendency , too , is exploited by the new paternalists , who regularly present paternalism as inevitable .
Sunstein and Thaler , for example , urge us to “ abandon the less interesting question of whether to be paternalistic or not , and turn to the more constructive question of how to choose among the possible choice - influencing options . ”
Their basic argument is that choice situations often require some default , so why not choose the best one ?
But alternative framings are available .
Instead of positing paternalism as the default standard for selecting default rules , they could have said respecting customary expectations is the default standard for selecting default rules .
Or they could have emphasized that in many domains of potential regulation , defaults are not required – and therefore paternalism is not inevitable in these areas .
For instance , it is not inevitable for some contract options ( like working overtime for regular pay ) to be ruled out entirely .
Nevertheless , the new paternalists have framed the debate as being not whether there should be paternalism , but how much .
Policymakers who adopt this frame of mind will naturally be led to introduce all manner of paternalistic interventions .
“ Since paternalism is inevitable , ” they might think , “ of course it ’s my job to tinker with the terms of contracts , the conditions of employment , the ingredients of food , the content of exercise regimes , ” ad infinitum .
Third , the new paternalists regularly present their policy agenda as existing on a continuum .
Both Sunstein and Thaler and Camerer , et al. , structure their proposals in an order much like the list I provided above : from the mild to the heavy - handed .
More importantly , Sunstein and Thaler define the continuum in a way that elides crucial distinctions — such as the difference between private and public and between voluntary and coercive .
Sunstein and Thaler define their “ libertarian paternalist ” spectrum in terms of the cost of choice : “ The libertarian paternalist insists on preserving choice , whereas the non-libertarian paternalist is willing to foreclose choice .
But in all cases , a real question is the cost of exercising choice , and here there is a continuum rather than a sharp dichotomy . ”
Even outright bans , such as motorcycle helmet laws , lie on the spectrum because “ [ t ] hose who are required to wear motorcycle helmets can decide to risk the relevant penalty , and to pay it if need be . ”
This framing ignores the question of who imposes the cost and how .
To see why this is bizarre , notice that a 10 - cent tax on Twinkies is relatively low - cost , while having to drive 20 miles to the nearest 7 - 11 is relatively high - cost .
In Sunstein and Thaler ’s rubric , the state - imposed tax is more “ libertarian ” than the self - imposed cost of living far from civilization .
In addition , many specific paternalist policies exist on a continuum .
Sin taxes can range from tiny to exorbitant .
Legal hurdles for opting - out of defaults can range from minimal ( signing a waiver ) to prohibitive ( hiring a lawyer and attending hours of seminars ) .
Why does this matter ?
Because slippery slopes , as implied by the name , are more likely to occur in the presence of a continuum .
As Eugene Volokh has observed , people display small - change tolerance , that is , a willingness to tolerate changes perceived as relatively small movements from the status quo .
The tendency probably has both a rational basis ( it ’s costly to invest time and effort on changes whose effects are probably small ) and an irrational one ( it ’s easy to miss the big picture when focusing on the problem at hand ) .
Small - change tolerance makes it relatively easy to move , by a series of small changes , a long way down the road to hard paternalism .
Fat taxes may start small , but they wo n’t necessarily stay that way .
Likewise for the impediments to opting out of state - chosen contractual defaults .
And in the bigger picture , paternalist interventions can spread from one area to another — say , from labor contracts to product contracts , or from fat taxes to exercise subsidies , or from savings choices to spending choices .
The overall effect ?
A gradual expansion of paternalistic interventions that started small .
Choosing Among Preferences
What does “ irrationality ” look like ?
How can you prove someone is irrational , rather than simply having preferences you do n’t share ?
After all , there is nothing per se irrational about strongly valuing the present relative to the future , or enjoying food more than you enjoy good health .
To demonstrate irrationality , behavioral economists frequently point to inconsistent behaviors that suggest inconsistent underlying preferences .
For instance , people make long - term plans for saving or dieting but then , when the time comes , reverse those plans and succumb to the desire for short - term gratification .
They also make different choices in different emotional states — such as saying they would never sleep with an obese person , then reversing that preference when sufficiently aroused .
( Yes , an experiment by Dan Ariely has actually shown that . )
There is some dispute as to whether all such behavioral inconsistencies reveal irrationality .
But let ’s say they do .
Even so , that fact does not license a third party to choose among competing preferences .
If a person is more patient when thinking about trade - offs in the distant future , but less patient when thinking about trade - offs near the present , which level of patience is “ correct ” ?
If you would sleep with a given person when you ’re in a “ hot ” state but not in a “ cool ” state , which sexual preference is “ correct ” ?
Neither theory nor evidence provides a basis for answering these questions .
As some new paternalists admit , behavioral inconsistencies may indicate that “ true ” preferences simply do n’t exist .
Nevertheless , new paternalists have not hesitated to pick and choose the “ right ” preferences .
O’Donoghue and Rabin , for instance , define “ optimal sin taxes ” in terms of a person ’s most patient rate of time preference .
Similarly , the new paternalists favor the preferences we display in a cool state ( calm and sober reflection ) over those we have in a hot state ( fear , anxiety , arousal , etc. ) , even though arguably the “ hot ” preferences might do a better job of revealing our true desires .
So how are the paternalists choosing , if not on the basis of hard science ?
It ’s not hard to see : they are favoring their own preferences , which also happen to be the socially approved ones .
In short , either the new paternalist scholars have made a subtle error in reasoning , or they ’ve simplified their analysis for mass consumption .
But if the scholars cannot resist favoring some preferences over others , can we expect policymakers to do any better ?
On the contrary , many already would like to do so — and with the new paternalists ’ help , they can indulge that impulse under the cover of seemingly objective science .
And that is where the slope threat arises .
If it ’s okay to impose our own preferences , why do so only when convincing evidence shows an internal contradiction ?
That ’s an academic distinction , easily lost on your average voter , bureaucrat , or congressman .
The simple takeaway conclusion is that “ science ” shows that some preferences are irrational per se .
And from this conclusion , any number of policy proposals arise .
The top of the slope is gentle nudges to save more and eat less .
The bottom of the slope is forceful shoves to eat right , drink right , exercise right , sleep right , have sex right , choose our professions right , and pick our lifestyles right .
Policy Temptations and Political Myopia
Policymakers have short time horizons for various reasons .
The policies they consider can produce costs and benefits in the distant future , when they may no longer hold office .
Besides , voters have short memories , and it ’s hard to discern which policy choices in the past have generated lousy results in the present .
Given these factors , it can be quite rational for policymakers to ignore the long - term effects of their choices .
But if behavioral economists are right , it ’s worse than that .
Like the rest of us , policymakers have problems with self - control and difficulty working through complex chains of cause and effect .
As a result , they tend to focus myopically on the problem - of - the - moment .
And just as regular people can succumb to present temptations like desserts and cigarettes , policymakers can succumb to policy temptations that promise short - term political gains .
Sadly , we all know how this plays out with respect to the federal budget and entitlement programs .
But what about slippery slopes ?
By definition , slippery slopes happen over time .
A proposed policy seems like a good idea now , but critics warn that it will open the door to worse policies in the future .
Proponents respond , “ Pshaw !
We ’ll do the right thing now , and then resist doing the wrong thing later . ”
But that promise is suspect if policymakers have the same cognitive biases as everyone else .
Nevertheless , Sunstein and Thaler ( in Nudge ) respond to the slippery - slope argument by saying we should “ make progress on those [ initial proposals ] , and do whatever it takes to pour sand on the slope . ”
Saying we should go forward with the initial interventions is akin to saying we should do something because it promises present benefits , while downplaying potential future costs .
This is exactly the kind of error in private choice that new paternalists think demands correction .
The slope risk must be counted among the costs of the initial intervention .
New paternalists , like many well - meaning advocates of expanded government , imagine conscientious policymakers carefully evaluating all the evidence , considering alternatives , consulting unbiased experts , and acting only when the benefits clearly outweigh the costs .
That ’s the idealized picture that comes to mind when Camerer , et al. , call their perspective “ a careful , cautious , and disciplined approach ” to paternalism .
In political reality , legislators and bureaucrats face a constant stream of policy temptations , including both new policies and expansions of old ones .
Rather than considering each new law on its merits , policymakers do what normal people do — they use simple heuristics and rules of thumb .
They display what behavioral economists call extension neglect : the tendency to focus on “ prototypes ” instead of measuring the true degree and extent of a problem .
In the paternalist context , the prototype citizens are chain - smokers and junk - food junkies .
And the new paternalists have made sure the prototype policies are gentle nudges like reordering the food selections in cafeteria lines .
These prototypes are , unfortunately , more likely to guide policy than studious consideration of behavioral economic research .
To make matters worse , policymakers will be influenced not only by supposedly neutral experts , but by special interests as well .
Some will support policies for financial reasons — like milk producers who favor ever - greater restrictions on the availability of soft drinks , or financial services firms that favor ever - larger requirements for people to save and invest .
Others will have a moral or ideological agenda , as in the case of temperance organizations ( like Mothers Against Drunk Driving ) or personal health advocates ( like the Center for Science in the Public Interest ) .
These groups may not share the new paternalists ’ stated concern for the subjective preferences of targeted people .
As Bruce Yandle points out , both Baptists and bootleggers had reason to support Prohibition .
Behavioral economists are in serious danger of playing the Baptist when it comes to paternalism .
Conclusion
Real people are susceptible to cognitive biases that can lead to poor decisions .
It ’s only natural to want to help them make better choices .
But no one is immune to bias .
Not social scientists , and certainly not policymakers .
In translating behavioral science into policy , we may be led astray by the very same cognitive defects we wish to correct .
New paternalist policies , and indeed the intellectual framework of new paternalism itself , create a serious risk of slippery slopes toward ever more intrusive paternalism .
Instead of a paternalism - generating framework , I recommend a slope - resisting framework — one that stresses private options and opportunities for self - correction , and that emphasizes important distinctions such as public vs. private and coercive vs. voluntary .
That does n’t mean we will never adopt any new paternalist policies .
But if we do , we will hopefully stand a better chance of not slipping down the slope .
References
Dan Ariely , Predictably Irrational , HarperCollins , 2009 .
Colin Camerer , et al. , “ Regulation for Conservatives : Behavioral Economics and the Case for ‘ Asymmetric Paternalism , ’ ” 151 University of Pennsylvania Law Review , 2003 .
Daniel Kahneman , “ Maps of Bounded Rationality : Psychology for Behavioral Economics , ” 93 American Economic Review , 2003 .
Ted O’Donogue and Matthew Rabin , “ Optimal Sin Taxes , ” 90 Journal of Public Economics , 2006 .
Mario J. Rizzo and Douglas Glen Whitman , “ The Camel ’s Nose Is in the Tent : Rules , Theories , and Slippery Slopes , ” 51 (2 ) UCLA Law Review , 2003 .
Mario J. Rizzo and Douglas Glen Whitman , “ Little Brother Is Watching You : New Paternalism on the Slippery Slopes , ” 51 Arizona Law Review , 2009 .
Cass R. Sunstein and Richard H. Thaler , “ Libertarian Paternalism Is Not an Oxymoron , ” 70 University of Chicago Law Review , 2003 .
Richard H. Thaler and Cass R. Sunstein , Nudge : Improving Decisions About Health , Wealth , and Happiness , Yale University Press , 2008 .
Douglas Glen Whitman and Mario J. Rizzo , “ The Knowledge Problem of New Paternalism , ” 4 BYU Law Review , 2009 .
Douglas Glen Whitman and Mario J. Rizzo , “ Paternalist Slopes , ” 2 NYU Journal of Law & Liberty , 2007 .
Glen Whitman , “ Against the New Paternalism : Internalities and the Economics of Self - Control , ” Cato Policy Analysis No. 563 , 2006 .
Eugene Volokh , “ The Mechanisms of the Slippery Slope , ” 116 Harvard Law Review , 2003 .
Every fighting game fan in the world is recovering from the Marvel Vs. Capcom 3 teaser , but do n’t forget that Capcom is looking to make noise later in the year with Dead Rising 2 .
Dead Rising was a decent game , but part 2 is going to feature online co-op .
I know how much you all love online co-op .
And for Xbox 360 owners you will have a chance to experience Dead Rising 2 before anyone else .
Instead of releasing a demo , Dead Rising will have a prologue DLC called Dead Rising 2 : CASE ZERO .
This DLC will take place after the 1st game and before the 2nd to fill in the gap of what happened in the Dead Rising Universe .
Here is an excerpt from the latest Dead Rising 2 press release .
Players who might need some help or simply want to share the zombie bashing fun with a friend will now be able to play in online 2 - player co-op .
Simply use the in - game transceiver to call for assistance at any time and once your partner has accepted , they will arrive by your side for double the action .
Ahead of the full game , Capcom will release original downloadable content exclusively on Xbox Live with Dead Rising 2 : CASE ZERO .
This Prologue consists of unique content not available in the full retail release of Dead Rising 2 and will introduce new protagonist Chuck Greene as he and his daughter find themselves caught in the desert town of Still Creek that has been overrun with zombies .
Set two years after the Willamette incident and three before the action of Dead Rising 2 , Dead Rising 2 : CASE ZERO will help bridge the gap between the two titles and give players a taste of the new gameplay they will experience in Dead Rising 2 as they create combo weapons , rescue survivors and take on a ruthless Psychos before making their escape .
Share this :
Tweet
Authorities in Wichita and some other cities across the country are investigating vandalism against Democratic offices , apparently in response to health care reform .
And on Monday , a former Alabama militia leader took credit for instigating the actions .
Mike Vanderboegh of Pinson , Ala. , former leader of the Alabama Constitutional Militia , put out a call on Friday for modern " Sons of Liberty " to break the windows of Democratic Party offices nationwide in opposition to health care reform .
Since then , vandals have struck several offices , including the Sedgwick County Democratic Party headquarters in Wichita .
Are public calls for violent criminal activity acceptable ?
Is this terrorism ?
Emptywheel :
Remember how , several weeks ago , Michael Isikoff rationalized away any concerns about someone flying a plane into a federal office building ?
One distinction he made is that white American terrorists –the Unabomber , the anthrax killer (! ) , the tax protestor –do n’t coordinate with others who have the same enemy .
Isikoff 's racist double standard :
The underpants bomber , for all his ineptitude , was equipped and dispatched by a foreign enemy — Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula — whose ultimate leader ( bin Laden ) has declared war on the United States and who has demonstrated his willingness and intent to inflict mass casualties on our civilian population .
That makes underpants man a terrorist and had he been captured overseas , would have made himan enemy combatant — and why the Obama administration dispatches the U.S. military and Predator drones to destroy the people who sent him here .
Similarly , the Fort Hood shooter may have been a disturbed " lone wolf " but he was in ideological alignment and in communication with a member of the same foreign enemy .
And I 'm sure it has nothing to do with underpants man being a black Nigerian , and the Fort Hood shooter an Arab - American .
Isikoff 's attempted rationalization seems to have to do with coordination .
Probably because it had to have some semblance of a rationale .
And as for your point — have n't domestic groups declared war on the government and demonstrated a willingness to inflict mass casualties — well — I 'm sure some domestic wackos have said wacko things , but I cant off the top of my head think of a serious domestic group that has openly declared " war " on the United States or one currently in existence that has a documented history of inflicting mass casualties on civilians or announced its intention to do so in the future — all of which applies to Al Qaeda .
Openly declared war ?
We can debate the meaning of " serious , " but how about none other than Liz Cheney 's group ?
As reported by HuffPo , last week :
Liz Cheney 's group , Keep America
Safe shot back at U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder 's comments on Tuesday that terrorists in court have the same rights as murderers like Charles Manson .
" Putting Charlie Manson in a civilian court did n't endanger any intelligence secrets , " Debra Burlingame , a member of the Keep America Safe Board of Directors , told Politico .
" When he draws analogies like that , that 's when he loses people .
It appears as if he does n't know we 're at war . "
Emptywheel points to Isikoff 's definition of terrorists as intending mass casualties , and reminds that the IRS protester did have such an intention , he just did n't pull it off .
I would add that the Unabomber and the anthrax killer may not have caused mass casualties but they did , in fact , kill people .
Isikoff 's rationale seems based on something other than the intentions and deeds .
And as for the new wave of attacks on Democratic offices ?
Mass casualties may not have been intended , but emptywheel points to their having taken place at Democratic offices as far flung as Wichita , Tucson , Rochester , and Niagara Falls , and points to the obvious :
But as to coordination to serve a mutual enemy ?
We ’re officially there now .
Digby notes that Sarah Palin , today , tweeted the following :
Do n't retreat .
RELOAD .
Before talking about elections .
Digby :
Creepy , eh? Update : Maddow had a big story about this Vanderbeough fellow tonight .
It sure is a good thing the whole nutball faction in this country is armed to the teeth .
As usual , Maddow is on the story .
But extremists successfully fomenting violence against the political opposition seems like a real problem .
Even if the extremists are white , Mr. Isikoff .
Update [ 2010-3-23 23:15:13 by Turkana ] :
In the comments , buddabelly notes that the quote from Cheney 's group refers to the overseas wars , rather than a domestic political war .
Given Cheney 's McCarthyite smears of DOJ lawyers , I took it a different way .
I think buddabelly may be right , as to that specific quote , but there is no question that the Cheneys have been ramping up the fearmongering rhetoric .
Notice how easy it is to scrap contracts when it ’s teachers , yet on Wall Street the thought never crossed anyone ’s mind .
Sure Wall Street cost the country a trillion or so , but who ’s counting ?
Strange priorities these days and very odd examples of accountability .
Teachers working in the toughest conditions are scapegoated yet the most pampered bunch in America gets the royal treatment for problems they created .
If only the teachers had caused the social conditions and poverty in their environment and then dragged the economy into a recession , they would have received fat bonuses .
Sure , that sounds fair .
When all the teachers were fired from Central Falls High School last week in a sweeping effort at school reform , their superintendent gave them a taste of the accountability President Barack Obama says is necessary .
It is a strategy that has been used elsewhere , such as in Chicago and Los Angeles .
But while there have been some improvements in test scores , schools where most teachers have been replaced still grapple with problems of poverty and discipline .
Even advocates of the approach say firing a teaching staff is just one of several crucial steps that must be taken to turn around a school .
THE WEIRD WORLD OF WAZIRISTAN
There is a growing sense in the West that we no longer know what we are fighting for in Afghanistan .
The question that is almost never asked is what they are fighting for ?
What do the Taliban want ?
We are told that we are fighting to prevent terrorist attacks in Europe and America .
But the reality is that the Taliban have no interest in attacking the West .
In the public imagination and in much journalism the Taliban are seen as exactly the same as political Islamists such as bin Laden and Ayman Zawahiri .
The truth is that they are the very opposite of each other .
The radical Islamists see themselves as modern revolutionaries .
They want to reshape Islam and fuse it with the modern world of science , technology and mass politics to create a new kind of society .
The Taliban rose up because they thought the Islamists had failed to do this .
And instead the Taliban decided to go back into the past and try and reinvent an old world .
Seen from this perspective the Taliban are n't for anything .
They are a conservative reaction against the failure of a grand revolutionary project begun 60 years ago in Egypt .
They tried to force the Afghan people to behave like they imagined good Muslims behaved hundreds of years ago .
Other than that they had no idea of the sort of society or institutions they wanted to create .
And when their neo-fundamentalism was rejected by the Afghans , the Taliban were left with nothing .
The truth is that we may be fighting an enemy in Helmand - and soon in Kandahar too - that also no longer knows what it is fighting for .
Both sides are locked together in a nihilistic war .
But the fascinating thing is that we , the British , have been through all this before in Afghanistan .
In 1919 there was a grand attempt to create a modern Islamist state in Afghanistan .
But it collapsed into civil war and horror and led to the resurgence of old Islam coupled with the most traditional and reactionary forces in the country .
And the Royal Air Force and British army was left fighting a futile , pointless war in the mountains of Waziristan .
It began when the British refused to allow Afghanistan to attend the Versailles Peace Conference in 1918 as an independent nation .
The Afghan king was killed by an unknown assassin , and his son Amanullah took power promising to free Afghanistan from Britain 's control .
Here is a picture of Amanullah
Then the British played into his hands .
In May 1919 our army , led by Brigadier - General Dyer , massacred hundreds of civilians in Amritsar in the Punjab province over the border from Afghanistan .
It was a defining moment for the British Empire .
The harsh reality of Britain 's dominating will smashed through the liberal fantasy of working in partnership with the new nationalism that had risen up in India .
Here is a section from a series made in the 1970s about the British Empire .
It tells what happened at Amritsar .
And I have put with it an interview with Pandit Nehru 's sister - shot in the 1960s - about the reaction of Indian nationalists to the massacre .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
King Amanullah seized the opportunity .
As the Punjab was rocked by protests and insurrections he announced that he was going to war with Britain .
He instructed the Afghan army to invade India across the Khyber Pass .
At the same time he had done deal with the tribes of Waziristan on the North West Frontier Province - the Wazirs and the Mehsuds .
He promised them money and arms - and asked them to back his invasion .
He was hoping to ignite a vast tribal uprising .
Here is a wonderful photograph of the moment when King Amanullah announced the jihad to a crowd in a Kabul street .
Amanullah has his back to the camera .
It is from the Williams Afghan Media Project - at Williams College in Massachusets .
The project is an amazing and brilliant historical collection created by David Edwards and his colleagues .
The project is collecting photographs and film and video from Afghanistan over the past 120 years .
Here is a link to it
And amazingly Amanullah got what he wanted .
Within a month he had fought the British to a draw .
A ceasefire was called and at the Treaty of Rawalpindi the British gave Afghanistan its independence - promising never to meddle with it or try and control its foreign policy again .
Amanullah was a hero .
But he was driven by more than just the dream of Afghan independence .
He had been inspired by the ideas of one of the most fascinating figures in Afghan history - Mahmud Tarzi .
Mahmud Tarzi was a journalist and intellectual who believed that the modern revolution Amanullah had begun could lead to a pan-Islamic state running from Pakistan to Syria .
Tarzi had begun writing for a Kabul newspaper called Seraj - al - Akhbar - the Torch of News .
He used the paper to put forward his argument that Muslim countries would only liberate themselves if they could fuse Islam with the modern world that had been created by the Western powers .
The power of the imperialists came , Tarzi said , from their science and technologies and from the new kinds of socal organizations that their economies demanded .
But the imperialists were also corrupt and violent .
The solution was to reform Islam and take it away from the dead hand of the traditional Ulema .
The modernised Islam could then be used as the guiding principle for the new scientific and technical society , and its new economy .
It would also be a moral guide for the new political class running the state .
All this should be done by a new vanguard - the rawshanfikran - of enlightened intellectuals ( like Mahmud Tarzi ) whose ambition should be to educate the masses .
As opposed to the old Afghan elitist concept of knowledge only being suitable for ' noble ' brains - a idea that had been ruthlessly used by stupid Ulema to hang on to power .
In this Tarzi is very close to the thinking of Sayyid Qutb - whose ideas for an enlightened vanguard developing a modernised Islam was to inspire the Mulslim Brotherhood in the 1950s .
Here is a picture of Tarzi discussing the editorial content of his newspaper .
And another of him at the centre of the king 's group of advisers discussing the plans for a new kind of society .
The king is at the back of shot .
King Amanullah was captivated by Tarzi's ideas - and he set out to build the new modernised Islamist society .
In 1923 he created a new Afghan constitution which introduced modernist reforms including new systems of education for both boys and girls , equal rights , and it overturned the strict dress codes for women .
Amanullah 's wife , Queen Soraya , was Mahmud Tarzi 's daughter .
At a vast public meeting in 1923 , Soray got up in front of a thousand people , tore off her veil and ripped it to shreds .
It was a dramatic symbol of the new society .
Here is a beautiful photograph of Amanullah and Soraya .
For a brief period this new modernised but Islamist society flourished in Kabul .
Despite protests and rebellions in the countryside the ideas of Tarzi took hold in Afghanistan .
The world around King Amanullah 's court became an interweaving of western dress and manners and a reformed Islam .
Amanullah 's older brother - Enayatullah - was an avid photographer .
In the early 1920s he recorded this world in thousands of photographs .
For decades they were lost , but in the 1970s Nancy Hatch Dupree - who is a brilliant chronicler of Afghan history - discovered them .
She printed rough thumbnails of many of them .
Here are a few .
In their faded photocopy quality they give a strange , ghostly glimpse of the moment when a modern reformist movement flourished in the heart of Kabul .
But it did n't last .
At the end of 1927 Amanullah went on a tour of Europe .
When he came back in July 1928 he faced a full blown rebellion .
To challenge the traditional power of the Ulema Amanullah was asserting the power of the centralised state .
In doing this he was also taking powers away from the local headmen - the maliks .
Up till now the local village structure had been the power centre of most of Afghan daily life .
But now the maliks found themslves marginalised - so they allied themselves with the mullahs , and a mass movement rose up to overthrow Amanullah .
The rebels put out propaganda to turn the people against the King .
Here is a poem about what his modernization was leading to .
Then an armed revolt began .
There were risings across the country and they developed into a vicious civil war .
Amanullah fled to Kandahar .
He knew that his attempt at modernization had failed and to save himself he tried to prove that in reality he was a traditional Islamic monarch .
He did it in a final dramatic gesture .
Amanullah went to the Shrine of the Holy Cloak in the centre of Kandahar .
He opened up the brass bound chest where the cloak which was reputed to have been the Prophet 's had lain for over a 100 years .
Amanullah lifted it above his head and demanded of the mullahs in front of him whether Allah would allow a heretic or an apostate to perform such a sacred act .
Knowing they had won , the mullahs put forward their main demand .
The King must get rid of his idea that religious scholars need to be educated .
Instead any mullah could become a teacher without producing any qualifications
And all girls sent to Turkey for education should be recalled .
The King agreed .
But it was too late to save his regime .
At the end of 1929 the British sent a plane to rescue him and his family .
Mahmud Tarzi also fled .
But here is a strange photograph of the remnants of Amanullah 's regime waiting to be executed .
It was all over .
Except in Waziristan .
Everyone had forgotten about it - but the revolt that Amanullah had deliberately started against the British ten years before had never stopped .
For ten years it had rumbled on .
Now , suddenly it exploded .
A young Wazir tribesman called Sayid Amir Noor Ali Shah from the village of Jhandu Khel fell in love with a Hindu girl - an heiress called Ram Kori - from Bannu .
He persuaded her to run away with him , become a Muslim and marry him .
The Hindus were furious and complained to the British authorities .
The British sent soldiers to kidnap the girl and bring her back .
The Wazir tribe was furious , and a local hermit from the village of Ipi persuaded them to rise up in rebellion .
He was known as the Faqir of Ipi and he used his charisma and religious reputation to unite the Wazir and the Mehsud tribes in a full - blown war against the British .
These were the two most reactionary forces - local maliks and the rural mullahs uniting together to try and force the British out .
They had no other aim or vision .
The British responded brutally - through what thay called " Air Control " - bombing the Waziristan villages .
In 1935 Group Captain Robert Lister of the RAF was sent out to fight in Waziristan .
Lister was a keen amateur movie - maker .
Home movie - making was just begining as a leisure activity and he had the most modern equipment available .
He decided to take his camera and lots of film with him so that he could film the whole campaign including the bombing raids .
Here is part of a programme made with Group Captain Lister in 1980 .
It interviews him and shows sections of his film .
It is absolutely fascinating .
It is not only an extraordinary record of a forgotten war - but as you watch Lister talk about bombing villages you can't help thinking about today .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
In 1989 the Soviet forces finally left Afghanistan .
And a revolutionionary movement emerged led by radicals who wanted to transform Afghanistan into a new kind of society .
The two most important leaders were the commander Ahmad Shah Massoud and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
Both were political islamists .
And both been radicalised as students in Kabul by ideas that came from Sayyid Qutb and the Muslim Brotherhood .
Although they were far more violent , both Massoud and even Hekmatyar - despite his conservative elements - were in the same tradition of modernised political Islam as Mahmud Tarzi seventy years before .
They were both modern and forward - looking .
They were anti-imperialists who , like Tarzi , believed that the only way to free Muslim countries from the west was to create a new kind of revolutionary society in which Islam was fused with the science , technology and economies of the modern world .
And that is what they set out to try and create in Afghanistan
But they failed - because like King Amanullah before them they challenged the local power of both the mullahs and the maliks .
During the Soviet occupation local Mujaheddin commanders had come together against a common enemy .
But now they fragmented .
Hekmatyar 's group Hizb - i - Islami tried to unify the groups but was rejected because of its idea of central control .
Massoud 's army was always at heart an ethnic group of Tajiks .
Plus the two men had hated each other since university .
Out of this came a brutal civil war which dragged Afghanistan into chaos .
And the response to that failure was the Taliban .
It is important to realise how opposed the Taliban were to the modern revolutionary ideas of people like bin Laden and Ayman Zawahiri .
Far from being modernising Islamists the Taliban were the inheritors of the reactionary ideas that had driven the backlash against King Amanullah back in 1929 .
And the roots of the Taliban lie in a Pakistani political party that sees radical Islamism as a rival .
It is called Jamiat Ulema -e - Islam - JUI for short .
Its aim is not to modernise - but to enforce a rigid and traditional interpretation of Islam .
During the 1980s the JUI set up literally thousands of schools - madrassas - in the Pashtun belt running down from Waziristan to Baluchistan .
Their aim was to educate young Afghan refugees in traditional interpretations of Islam and Islamic society .
Most of the madrassas were in rural areas and the students were taught by semi-educated mullahs whose interpretation of Sharia was rooted in Pashtunwai , the tribal code of the Pashtuns .
The students were taken back into a rigid localised world view of Islam and Afghanistan very similar to the Waziristan the British met in 1919 .
In the early 90s the students returned to Afghanistan and set up the Taliban - to cleanse the country of a revolution that had gone wrong , compromised by the futile idea of modernising Islam .
And in April 1996 Mullah Omar went to the Shrine of the Holy Cloak .
He took out the cloak for the first time in 60 years and waved it from the roof - just as Amanullah had in 1929 - and announced a jihad against the Islamist factions in Kabul .
The BBC producer Tom Giles and John Simpson were in Kandahar that day - and they captured this extraordinary moment on video .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
When King Amanullah had held the cloak above his head in 1929 it symbolised the end of his dreams of creating a modern world in Afghanistan .
Now - in 1996 - Omar was saying the same thing - forget the future , listen to the ghosts of your past - and follow their rules .
Here are some clips I have cut together - some to music .
It begins with a live outside broadcast from Kabul TV - of a parade for the Afghan leader the Soviets left behind - President Najibullah .
The Afghan TV people had been taught by the Soviets how to film parades just like they did in Red Square .
Then there are some bits from a very good documentary made in 1996 about the Taliban
It starts in the key madrassa where the Taliban were formed .
It then follows a group of Talibs as they go over the border into Afghanistan to fight .
You get a very good sense of how they have no idea of the society they are trying to create - they are just the forces of reaction to a failed revolution .
And then there is a bit of John Simpson walking through the ruins of the Royal Palace in Kabul .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But before we in the West criticise the Afghans too much for their failure to uproot the forces of reaction , we should remember that in our own society we have also been unable to eradicate powerful forces of tradition and reaction .
In 1997 the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh visited Amritsar .
Months before the Indian government asked them not to visit the city .
But they did .
Indian newspapers reported that most of the population were indifferent .
The Queen gave a quick bow - but no apology .
And then the Duke caused a terrible row .
He found a noticeboard at the site of the massacre which said that 2000 people were martyred that day in 1919 .
He said that this was wrong and the Indians were exaggerating .
The figures of those killed and wounded have always been disputed .
When the Duke was asked how he knew it was wrong he said that General Dyer 's son had told him so when they met on a ship once .
Here is the news report - Royal visits to far flung parts of the old empire loyally reported as always by the BBC - the Duke 's indelicate comments hardly mentioned .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
To be continued
The rapper ( right ) released six influential albums with GangStarr Rapper Guru , who rose to fame with hip - hop outfit GangStarr , has died aged 43 after a long battle with cancer .
The MC , whose real name was Keith Elam , suffered a cardiac arrest in February after surgery to treat the disease and briefly lapsed into a coma .
A statement released by his PR company contained a letter purportedly written by Guru in his final days .
" I have suffered with this illness for over a year , " he wrote .
" I have exhausted all medical options . "
" I write this with tears in my eyes , not of sorrow but of joy for what a wonderful life I have enjoyed and how many great people I have had the pleasure of meeting . "
According to the statement posted on the Yo! Promotions website Guru had tried to " keep his harrowing diagnosis private " and died on the morning of Monday , 19 April .
Hip - hop icon
Along with producer DJ Premier , Guru - which stood for Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal - recorded six influential albums under the GangStarr moniker between 1989 and 2003 .
He was known for his smooth delivery and socially conscious lyrics .
Songs like Just To Get A Rep railed against gangsta rap conventions , dissecting the cycle of meaningless violence on America 's streets with a world - weary intelligence .
Guru went on to release a series of influential jazz / rap crossover albums - titled Jazzmatazz - as well as two solo records .
Along the way , he recorded with jazz greats like Roy Ayers , Donald Byrd and Lonnie Liston - Smith .
Guru ( left ) and Solar ( far - right ) had worked together since 2005 He also collaborated with Chaka Khan , Kelis , Jamiroquai , The Roots and Brand New Heavies singer N'Dea Davenport .
In later years , he appeared to have fallen out with DJ Premier , and was not prepared to let the matter drop from his death bed .
" I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name , likeness , events , tributes , etc , " he said in a statement .
" I had nothing to do with him in life for over seven years and want nothing to do with him in death . "
He did not explain the reasons behind the estrangement , but said his friend , collaborator and partner Solar was " well - informed " about the situation .
Following Guru 's letter , Solar also issued a statement , paying tribute to " one of the best MCs and hip - hop icons of all time " .
" He has changed the world for the better .
I salute my fallen brother Guru !
He will be missed tremendously ! "
However , members of Guru 's family have accused Solar of restricting their access to the rapper during his final days .
A representative of Yo! Promotions was not immediately available to answer a call from the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Allegedly " lost " in a bar in Redwood City , Calif. , Apple 's next - generation iPhone prototype was obtained and revealed by Gizmodo months before its expected formal announcement by paying a hefty sum .
On Saturday , Engadget originally posted a story with photos of the fourth - generation iPhone hardware .
The story was updated numerous times , including one addition by editor Joshua Topolsky that suggested the photos may have been of a fake device .
That update said the owners of the purported iPhone prototype were seeking $ 10,000 for the hardware , though the information was later removed from the post .
Then , on Monday , Gizmodo 's Jason Chen posted a hands - on look at the hardware , including a teardown of the device to reveal its inner , Apple - branded workings .
Prior to that bombshell , the website had remained suspiciously quiet about the photos posted by Engadget .
Following Monday 's story , the founder and owner of Gawker Media — the parent company of Gizmodo — bragged on Twitter that he is willing to pay for exclusives .
Nick Denton did not , however , reveal how much his company paid for the iPhone scoop .
Update : Later Monday , the Associated Press revealed that Gawker paid $ 5,000 for the device .
Denton also discredited what he called " a few clueless geeks " who think " real journalists " wait for Apple to make a formal announcement of a product .
" Screw that , " Denton wrote on Twitter , where his profile refers to himself as a " gossip merchant . "
While the traffic count for Gizmodo skyrocketed Monday and the website refrained from publishing any other news for much of the day , the story behind the iPhone 4G prototype — including where it came from and how the publication obtained it — remained unknown .
But Denton teased that more information is forthcoming : " For people who want to know the backstory to Gizmodo 's iPhone exclusive , it 's coming .
And it 's a corker . "
Gawker also owns Valleywag , which gained attention in January when it offered a " bounty " of up to $ 100,000 for anyone who would let them use a then - unannounced iPad for one hour .
Apple 's lawyers quickly responded with a cease - and - desist letter , alleging that the " bounty " was in violation of California laws protecting trade secrets .
Valleywag editor Gabriel Snyder responded by publishing the letter from Apple 's attorneys , and encouraging any who might seek the cash reward to " stay within the bounds of the law " and use anonymous e-mail addresses .
" We can't tell Apple who you are if we do n't know who you are , " Snyder wrote .
Though nothing has been said in public , it 's likely that Apple 's attorneys will also become involved in the iPhone 4G prototype leak .
After Gizmodo 's story went up Monday morning , Daring Fireball 's John Gruber shared information from sources who suggested that the device is considered " stolen " from Apple , not lost .
The leak takes away much of the mystery that would have otherwise surrounded Apple 's anticipated unveiling of the next - generation iPhone at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference , expected to be held in June .
It 's also an extremely unexpected turn of events for Apple , a company that goes to great lengths to keep its unannounced products under tight wraps .
Before the iPad was released — but after it was unveiled — some developers and publications with advanced units were allegedly required to keep the hardware " under padlock and key , " as News Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch put it .
Another report claimed that developers who had an iPad prior to release had to lock the hardware to an immovable object in an isolated room where all of the windows were completely blacked out .
Those developers were also required to sign and submit more than a 10 - page non-disclosure agreement along with photographic evidence that they 've met all of the provisions set forth .
Apple 's tight - lipped nature was profiled last year by the New York Times , which said the company 's veil of secrecy began to take shape around the release of the original Macintosh back in 1984 .
One employee said that employees working on secret projects must " pass through a maze of security doors , swiping their badges again and again and finally entering a numeric code to reach their offices . "
Employees in these top - secret areas are allegedly monitored by surveillance cameras as they work , and those working on the most sensitive projects are reportedly required to " cover up devices with black cloaks when they are working on them , and turn on a red warning light when devices are unmasked so that everyone knows to be extra-careful . "
Gizmodo said that Apple took its own measures to conceal the iPhone 4G prototype it obtained , going as far as to wrap it in a plastic case housing that made it look like an iPhone 3GS .
The report called the case a " perfect disguise . "
MP3s are posted for a limited time with the aim of encouraging visitors to discover music they 've never heard .
If you like what you hear please buy more from the artist and go to their gigs .
I always post links to purchase next to an MP3 link .
If you represent an artist or a label and would prefer that I remove a link to an MP3 , please email me at carnivalsaloon @ gmail.com and I will immediately delete the file .
Virgin beech forest in Biogradska Gora , Montenegro .
Credit , Snežana Trifunović .
Whenever I think of old - growth forests , I envision the redwoods of Northern California or the Amazon region of South America - not the continent of Europe where forest destruction and intensive management have been widespread for millennia .
However , in parts of Europe , areas of virgin forest still exist - mostly in Russia , but also in other countries , as well .
A new study in the journal Biodiversity and Conservation reflects a growing effort to identify and protect these remnant old - growth forests .
Peter Veen and fellow researchers conducted an inventory of virgin forests in the countries of Romania and Bulgaria .
The extent and exact location of old - growth forest in Romania , Bulgaria and other countries of Europe have been unknown .
The results from the inventory have helped inform the pre-accession process of both countries as they enter the European Union .
As part of the process , Romania and Bulgaria will be protecting 80 % and 97 % of their remaining old - growth forests respectively .
Protecting the few remaining old growth forests of Europe is important not just for preserving their biodiversity values but also for maintaining a scientific reference of what these original forests were like .
To identify these areas , the researchers used criteria on what merits the designation " old - growth . "
The idea of virgin forest is typically associated with very old and large tress .
While this is certainly a factor , other criteria were used such as the presence of native trees , the absence of elements of past human disturbance , the occurrence of dead wood , a minimum size area , etc .
The researchers applied these criteria to existing forests using a combination of satellite imagery , field work , and historical research .
In Romania , they identified 3402 old - growth forest sites totaling 218,494 hectares - largely dominated by European beech .
Meanwhile in Bulgaria , they inventoried 160 virgin forest areas totaling 103,356 hectares with European beech and Oriental beech as the prevailing forest types .
These acreage figures are much larger than I would have expected .
However , the acreage per old - growth area is obviously small - particularly in Romania .
Because of this , the researchers recommend that future preservation efforts in Romania focus on protecting " a network of functional bio-corridors between adjacent virgin forest sites . "
This research project in Romania and Bulgaria provides a good model for other nations in Eastern and Central Europe .
The authors write ,
" The achieved results give an impetus to start similar inventory programs in all countries , to come to a complete survey of remaining virgin forests in whole temperate Europe . " ﻿
-- Reviewed by Rob Goldstein
Veen , P. , Fanta , J. , Raev , I. , Biriş , I. , Smidt , J. , & Maes , B. ( 2010 ) .
Virgin forests in Romania and Bulgaria : results of two national inventory projects and their implications for protection Biodiversity and Conservation DOI : 10.1007/s10531-010-9804-2
I thought I was up to speed on the philosophy of Ringo Starr , but twice today I 've been surprised by this earthy libertarian gem from the former Beatles drummer : " Everything government touches turns to crap . "
Here 's a citation from a commenter at the American Spectator .
Here 's another from post - modern neo-feminist libertarian cyberpunk Becky Chandler .
Strike the Root expands this comment into a more general Ringo's Law .
Maybe it 's not as memorable as John Lennon 's reply when asked whether Ringo was the best drummer in rock : " He was n't even the best drummer in the Beatles . "
But I 'm amazed I 'd never heard it before .
The comment is in keeping with the Fab Four 's longstanding objections to intrusive government :
It may just be a specimen of the traditional Skouse thrift the Daily Mail referred to in this two - year - old story on the souring of Ringo 's personality :
Perhaps as a legacy of his impoverished childhood in Liverpool , Ringo will not tolerate waste .
Consequently , the multi-millionaire insists the leftovers from his table at the trendy Chinese eaterie are bagged up for him to reheat the next day .
Everyone who crosses his path — even complete strangers in the street — are habitually treated to his trademark two - fingered salute and his " Peace and Love " catchphrase .
In fact , his obsessive Peace sign flashing has increasingly become the source of much bemusement , not to mention ridicule , in Tinseltown .
Starr , who moved to Monte Carlo for tax purposes in the seventies , has long been singing his own personal No No Song to the confiscatory state , and his support for private property has never been in question .
But if anybody has a date or context for this blunt aperçu , the comments are wide open .
Peace and love , Ringo , peace and love …
Dave Cole , Senior Advisor to the CIO of the Executive Office of the President , presented an awesome keynote to more than 3,000 attendees at DrupalCon San Francisco 2010 on April 21 .
His keynote was about open source in government , and he talked about how whitehouse.gov has become a platform to foster citizen participation .
Although I found the technology part interesting , it was the philosophy and open source principles that Dave talked about that are enabling the executive branch of the United States government to be more open and transparent .
How is this change happening ?
It 's no secret that the Obama administration is about change .
I think it 's safe to say , one of the main philosophies of this administration is that change coming from the bottom up is embraced rather than smothered .
Cole said , “ Change comes from the bottom - up .
Ordinary people get together to achieve extraordinary things .
In political advocacy we called it community organizing .
Here in development , we call it open source .
I think that 's the fit . ”
Dave Cole delivers open source in government keynote , photo by Jason Hibbets
This mentality directly aligns with principles of the open source way like sharing , meritocracy , and community .
Bottom - up initiatives , like community organizing , are n't new concepts .
This approach is embraced because it 's more effective than top - down directives .
The participants who opt into community - organized initiatives are more passionate , committed , and driven .
One way this change is happening is with more transparency .
The whitehouse.gov site runs on Drupal , an open source content management system , and provides a platform with user features like a briefing room , blogs , special features , and live video .
Cole rhetorically asked what Drupal can do for government .
The response :
It 's helping to drive the open government and open data movements because the nature of open source fits nicely with open government initiatives like being more transparent to citizens .
A new way this change is happening was announced during the keynote .
Cole said that consuming open source is only half of what it means when participating in a community .
To complete the other half , you have to give back and contribute .
Cole was proud to announce that whitehouse.gov is starting their code contributions to the Drupal community .
Dave Cole announces contributions to the Drupal community , photo by Jason Hibbets
This reminds me of when Jim Whitehurst , Red Hat CEO , was talking about the influence of consumers of open source technology in his 2009 State of the Union at Red Hat .
One of his points was to consume and contribute .
If you think about it , there 's more to gain .
The more open source technology that is consumed , the better it becomes .
The more contributions that go back into the technology , the benefits increase exponentially .
If the cycle is n't completed , the full benefits are n't gained .
Cole said a similar thing : “ It 's the idea that if we can solve the problem once , right , we can expand that and iterate upon it rather than having to keep reinventing the wheel every time . ”
And that 's what they 're doing .
By giving back , whitehouse.gov is contributing to the community that enabled them to be more transparent and open .
Their contributions will be enhanced with increased adoption , and others will benefit because they wo n't have to build new wheels .
Users can modify the contributions to meet their needs and it becomes more accepted with widespread adoption .
This not only benefits all citizens , but other consumers like government agencies .
When a government is more open about policies and initiatives ; when a nation 's leadership is more transparent about their agenda ; and when a government solicits citizen feedback to crowdsource ideas and try to solve big problems , citizens win .
This is how government should be .
Cole concluded his keynote with a simple challenge :
What changes do you want to see in government ?
In other words , I think it 's awesome that the Obama administration has an open source mentality that is driving change in Washington .
But what good is making government more open and transparent if the citizens choose not to participate and hold governments accountable for their actions ?
[ quote ]
In and around Southern Europe , sometime between 27 BC and AD 476 .
The Roman Empire is all the rage , and Milan ’s haute couture catwalks groan under the formidable weight of stylish bronze plating , leather pleats , and luxurious Arctic wolf ’s head accessories imported all the way from that fashionably - to - die - for - darling barbarus Saxones .
Of course , it ’s not all glitz , glamour , and crucifixions – someone ’s got to build the roads and negotiate trade agreements and burn down plague - ridden neighbourhoods and other drab stuff everybody just totally takes for granted .
And that ’s where I come in , the illustrious Governor Fabulous Maximus .
I ’m really just in it for burning down the plague - ridden neighbourhoods .
In Caesar 3 , it ’s the player ’s job to build and manage an Imperial city .
It ’s like something in between SimCity and , say , The Settlers .
There ’s a lot of “ Build this here ” and “ Take this there ” and “ Why is n’t this **** ing fountain working , it ’s right by the **** ing reservoir ” .
Of course , Rome was n’t built in a day , and neither is any of this – in fact , it all has a dismaying tendency to collapse into big heap of rubble just as it ’s getting somewhere .
Stupid engineers .
Stupid prefects .
Stupid gods .
The game is scenario based , setting any of a number of objectives for the player – reach X population , slavishly ingratiate yourself into Y of Caesar ’s favour .
Once you ’re through the tutorial stages , you ’re given a choice of two areas in each subsequent scenario , with one of these typically facing more foreign hostility and involving some degree of military investment .
It ’s also where the game does n’t work at all – it ’s just building a bunch of barracks and guard towers , and frantically clicking on enemy units until they ’re tomato sauce .
You know , when you should be putting out the fire that ’s raging over by the forum because the legion conscription took away all the fire marshals .
Elsewhere , however , the game plays well enough , if occasionally somewhat frustratingly .
One of the most important things to consider is road and intersection placement between homes and industries , to best facilitate the movement of people between these .
That ’s because , for some mad reason , the pathfinding AI is so atrocious , citizens will take the most extraordinary routes between places , and continue to do so , regardless of how many shortcuts you shove in their way or how much you swear at them .
Maintaining a happy balance between your current and incoming population with the number of available jobs and food supply is also extremely daunting , even early in .
Expect to see a population of 580 plunge to 320 , just because a granary fell over and died , or because the guy carrying the food decided to go via Norway .
Oh , and if you ’re not building temples to every god on every corner , expect catastrophes .
Frequently .
For its faults , Caesar 3 is still a pretty decent and very challenging city builder / management game , however .
It ’s not likely to appeal to a more casual player , but anyone who ever thought SimCity did n’t include enough olive oil presses and stroppy plebeians should check it out .
Under what 's known as the Chatham House rule , on Tuesday March 23 , a Sydney University room full of chairmen , some chief executives and directors of electricity generation and distribution corporations , energy analysts and economists , investment bankers and scientists heard expert presentations on the future of the electricity industry in Australia .
Some presenters flew from the United Kingdom and the United States to take part .
( The Chatham House rule is an accepted form of limited confidentiality to encourage open discussion by the participants : you can use the information derived but without attribution to the source .
I jumped at the invitation to facilitate this forum , directing questions from the floor to the panellists and asking supplementary questions ) .
After the failure of the Copenhagen climate change summit to adopt global , legally binding greenhouse gas reduction targets , the electricity generation industry is in a state of uncertainty .
The accord which did emerge from Copenhagen , however , appeared to be politically binding .
Countries which failed to deliver on their greenhouse gas reduction commitments would be named and shamed in future years .
Canada was already named and shamed .
It was in clear breach of its Kyoto target .
Kyoto was legally binding but obviously there was no capacity for enforcement as things currently stand .
Just look at Canada , the room was told .
Perhaps a system of ' green tariffs ' penalising the exports of those countries ignoring their carbon reduction obligations would evolve in future years .
But there was nothing like an enforcement regime at this stage .
So it was up to each Copenhagen signatory to determine the levers and policy mechanisms to be applied country by country .
Japan had just passed its own emissions trading scheme .
But neither president Barack Obama nor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd had been able to move on a cap and trade market mechanism to effectively put a price on carbon dioxide emissions .
The United States economy was still struggling to recover from the GFC and an ETS there was considered too costly economy - wide at this stage .
A US Senate bill jointly sponsored by John Kerry , Joe Liberman and Lindsey Graham to establish an ETS , limited at this stage , to electricity utilities in the US was now in play .
Senator Graham has warned that unless the United States moved its economy to carbon trading it risked handing the global ' green economy ' - the manufacture and export of carbon reduction technology - to China .
The US would lose the technological race .
China was already well advanced on this .
It remained to be seen if Kevin Rudd would pull a double dissolution trigger to make the 2010 federal election in Australia a ' climate change ' election .
Although a double dissolution was on the cards , it now seemed doubtful that it would be fought on an ETS .
A wave of scepticism post -Copenhagen had taken hold and Mr Rudd obviously did not want to take the domestic political risk , hence his effort to create pre-election momentum over public health reform .
Gas and wind
So what was the future of the electricity industry to , say , 2050 ?
With no certainty about that future , it has become something of a punt for any investment in this sector which , everyone agreed , faced the greatest challenge in its history .
There was little doubt that investment in coal - fired generation was problematic and high risk given the capital required , construction lead times , and projected returns over 15 to 25 years .
This was something of a tragedy for Australia whose post - war economic growth had benefited significantly from about the cheapest ( coal - fired ) electricity in the world .
Coal had helped build the Australian economy to its current domestic and international trading strength .
Being required to make the transition to more expensive energy was like having to pick up a fork and poke yourself in the eye .
( Coal exports , alternatively , remained a good investment .
Hungry for royalty revenue the big coal states of New South Wales and Queensland were ramping up coal mining and export as fast as their port conveyor belts could go ) .
Gas and wind were considered the most ' bankable ' over the next 15 years .
Coal seam gas for electricity generation was rapidly replacing coal itself as a fuel source for future economic growth .
It produced only half the greenhouse gas emissions when compared to coal - fired generation and with easily discoverable / extractable and plentiful supplies would dominate the sector ... going forward .
In the United States coal seam gas or shale gas had been described as a ' game changer ' in that country as an alternative to coal for future electricity generation investment .
While the United States was moving to renew the development of nuclear - fuelled electricity generation and some entrepreneurs were in R and D on micro-nuclear generation , coal seam gas was immediately available and obviously cheaper .
With plentiful identifiable sites across the Australian continent , wind turbine generation was now becoming price competitive and therefore investment grade technology .
While coal seam gas was marketable for ' peaking ' purposes , wind power in Australia was in a rapid growth phase , assisted by the legislated renewable energy target and the G - Gas abatement scheme in New South Wales and its equivalent in other states .
The forum was told of another technology which could be installed in sub-stations across the country to be deployed in times of peak electricity demand - container - sized battery storage systems .
Recharged off - peak , the batteries had great potential as a price containment mechanism for electricity distributors forced to very high costs to maintain supply at peak times on Australia 's competitive electricity grid .
And what about that other technology : geo-sequestration or CCS - carbon capture and storage ?
One international industry senior executive asserted through a slide - show examination of CCS trials and new pre-combustion technologies worldwide , that CCS would be ' competitive with wind ' by 2015 .
Under questioning later the executive indicated that to prove this , more rigour and accuracy was needed in assessing the true cost effectiveness of wind versus CCS power .
Nevertheless he stood by his declaration .
If this claim is confirmed , coal - fired power will have a more certain future for capital investment .
( One generation technology not discussed in detail at the forum was solar thermal , now being deployed in Spain as a baseload power source .
The Spanish solar thermal power stations heat water to create steam to drive electricity generators .
Cleverly the turbines can run 24/7 even when the sun does not shine , by holding the required steam in the industrial equivalent of a Thermos .
It would now be helpful to compare with wind and gas the cost competitiveness of this technology in sunburnt Australia .
Solar thermal is operational in Australia but remains at the margins in the debate at the moment ) .
In summary then : while a cap and trade market mechanism to put a price on carbon remains the most favoured global system to actually reach targeted reductions in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 , the momentum for its introduction is stalled in Australia and the US .
A carbon tax is equally politically problematic .
And many argue that such a tax , resented but nevertheless paid by carbon dioxide polluters and their customers , does not guarantee greenhouse gas reductions , which is meant to be the imperative to mitigate global warming .
Given the investment uncertainty in the electricity generation sector many supported more abatement technology without , or , preferably with , incentives .
Under what must have been a symptom of industry group think , energy efficiency or demand management was not high on the agenda for discussion .
In fact there was no discussion .
This was revealing .
It was , after all , a futures forum on electricity generation .
So gas and wind it is then ?
Quentin Dempster presents Stateline NSW on ABC1 .
An item arising from the electricity futures forum was broadcast on Friday , March 26 , 2010 .
The video is available here .
A Paradise Built in Hell : The Extraordinary Communities That Arise in Disaster , by Rebecca Solnit , Viking , 353 pages , $ 17.95
It is n't unusual for a TV reporter to get his facts wrong .
It 's rarer for the images that accompany his dispatch to flagrantly contradict what he says .
But on January 21 , broadcasting in the aftermath of the earthquake that devastated Haiti , CNN correspondent Ivan Watson fretted about " chaotic crowds " as the camera showed people who were calm and patient .
When Watson announced that we were watching a " chaotic scramble " onto a rescue ship , this was illustrated by a group of refugees carefully , methodically passing a baby onto the boat .
Then , while more men and women peacefully loaded their luggage in the background , the reporter asked the ship 's owner his burning question : " Has anybody offered you any help with crowd control of these thousands of desperate people ? "
Bizarre as the report was , it was only an especially egregious expression of beliefs that have taken hold in far more places than just CNN .
The ideas are cultural truisms : that crowds are unruly and irrational , that people usually panic in an emergency , that disaster conditions are often marked by violence , theft , and other aggressive behavior .
The assumptions are so ingrained that a Western reporter in Haiti can still see what he expects to see even as a different story unfolds right under his nose .
( The fact that the crowd in question was poor and black may have influenced his assessment as well . )
Yet decades of empirical research have shown that the conduct captured by CNN 's cameras is much more common than the conduct described by CNN 's correspondent .
The madness of crowds is an extraordinarily popular delusion :
As New Scientist noted in a review of the literature last year , sociologists have found that mass gatherings " nearly always act in a highly rational way , " so much so that often " the best thing authorities can do is leave a crowd to its own devices . "
Meanwhile , despite Hollywood 's clichés to the contrary , it is very rare for people to panic during an emergency .
And the typical natural or technological disaster is followed not by a Mad Max war of all against all but by mutual aid in the rubble .
Crime declines .
Bottom - up cooperation flowers .
Looting is rare , and when it does occur it usually amounts to scavenging , not theft .
( If a store is half collapsed , the staff is nowhere to be found , and the food inside is going to spoil soon , is it really robbery to take some ? )
After the quake , Haiti did see its share of murders , muggings , and rapes .
It 's a high - crime country , and an earthquake is n't enough to eradicate every gangster 's anti-social instincts .
But the rumor mill magnified those incidents into something much more monstrous , as though it were impossible to walk outside after dark without being attacked by machete - wielding land pirates .
With time , as more people sent word from within the country , a much more positive picture emerged .
" We wound our way through the camp asking for injured people who needed to get to the hospital , " the aid worker Sasha Kramer wrote in a dispatch for New American Media .
" Despite everyone telling us that as soon as we did this we would be mobbed by people , I was amazed :
As we approached each tent , people gently pointed us towards their neighbors , guiding us to those who were suffering the most . "
At the hospital , a truck dropped off some food .
" We braced ourselves for the fighting that we had heard would come , " Kramer recounted , " but in a miraculous display of restraint and compassion people lined up to get the food and one by one the bags were handed out without a single serious incident . "
Inigo Gilmore of The Guardian painted a similar portrait , concluding that " any violence is localised and sporadic ; the situation is desperate yet not dangerous in general . "
And in The New York Times , Damien Cave described a country that was benefiting not just from external assistance but from grassroots self - help .
In Port - au - Prince , he reported , " small soup kitchens have sprung up with discounted meals , subsidized by Haitians with a little extra money . "
Yet those initial tales of rampant violence encouraged a centralized , militarized response to the crisis , erecting unnecessary barriers between the needy and outside help .
The U.S. troops who occupied the country sometimes seemed to be putting security above food and medicine , with the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders seeing flights redirected to the Dominican Republic so the Pentagon 's planes could land in Haiti 's capital .
The United Nations eventually asked the Americans to stop prioritizing military flights .
But it was the U.N. whose rules insisted that aid workers could n't go out at night unless armed guards were present , a policy that prompted much protest from people who felt they could be doing much more to help the Haitians if their hands were n't tied .
That 's the contrast at the heart of A Paradise Built in Hell : The Extraordinary Communities That Arise in Disaster , a flawed but fascinating book by the essayist Rebecca Solnit .
On one hand there is the rich and inspiring record of communal self - help after devastating events .
On the other hand there is the reaction of the people in authority .
Some of them embrace the emergent order on the ground , but others act with paranoia , violence , and clumsy attempts to centrally plan the response .
Drawing heavily on firsthand accounts , Solnit describes cataclysms ranging from the San Francisco earthquake of 1906 to the Argentine economic collapse of 2001 , waxing lyrically about the grit and generosity of the survivors .
After the San Francisco quake , for example , the city quickly filled with makeshift shelters , clinics , and encampments , all bubbling over with both charity and good humor .
One rapidly improvised soup kitchen fed 200 to 300 people a day while serving as a social center for the displaced , inspiring some visitors to put up a sign identifying it as the Palace Hotel , " naming it after the burned - out downtown luxury establishment that was reputedly once the largest hotel in the world . "
Nearby , " a few women ran ' The Oyster Loaf ' and the ' Chat Noir ' — two little shacks with [ the first name ] in fancy cursive .
A shack in Jefferson Square was titled ' The House of Mirth , ' with additional signs jokingly offering rooms for rent with steam heat and elevators . "
The government , meanwhile , was being deeply destructive .
The forms that destruction took should be familiar to anyone who watched the botched official response to Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans .
In San Francisco , the authorities effectively ( and illegally ) imposed a state of martial law .
The occupying forces conscripted residents into forced labor , prevented people from fighting fires ( even as the Army used highly flammable gunpowder to make firebreaks , thus spreading rather than blocking the blaze ) , and shot civilians sifting through the rubble .
At one point troops killed a man who had been trying to rescue someone trapped in the debris .
The soldiers had assumed he was a looter .
Solnit paints the communities that blossom amid this wreckage and repression as little utopias — not deliberate efforts to build a better world , but " the temporary utopia of a transformed human nature and society , one that is bolder , freer , less attached and divided than in ordinary times . "
These utopian impulses inform the political commentary that runs throughout her book .
Sometimes this philosophizing runs off the rails , usually when Solnit decides to go off on a rant about consumerism or the exurban lifestyle .
( For someone who tries to be attuned to forms of social cooperation that are n't always visible to outsiders , Solnit seems surprisingly incurious about the ways such bonds might manifest themselves in a suburban subdivision . )
But she is also making connections that were always implicit in the sociological literature but are rarely spoken aloud .
Solnit is right :
There are parallels between the mutual aid that follows an earthquake and the mutual aid celebrated by anarchists , between the civil society that bursts into view after a hurricane and the civil society that bursts into view during a popular uprising , between the rupture from everyday life that comes with a tsunami and the rupture from everyday life that comes with Carnival .
If mainstream social scientists are reluctant to look at what one set of experiences can tell us about the others , then it 's good to see someone else exploring those connections .
That said , a political perspective can blind as well as illuminate .
Solnit 's account of Katrina is curiously skewed , for example .
Not content to point out that the media relayed false rumors of violence , that a fair amount of the " looting " was really scavenging , and that there was ultimately more social cooperation than social disintegration on the ground , she sometimes writes as though the only civic disorder after Katrina involved lawless cops and white vigilantes .
But even if the press and the authorities exaggerated them wildly , there were credible reports of violence and theft in the aftermath of the storm .
At the time , having noticed the break with the usual pattern described by scholars , I interviewed the sociologist E.L. Quarantelli , one of the founding fathers of disaster studies .
He pointed out that there had been just three comparable cases in the U.S. since modern disaster research began , each in a place and time marked by severe class distinctions , a serious crime problem , and a police department that was " ineffective , corrupt , and full of nepotism . "
What happened , Quarantelli hypothesized , was the intrusion of another sociological pattern : the riot .
The riot model would help explain the one form of grassroots disorder that does attract Solnit 's attention : vigilantes who murdered blacks during the chaos that followed Katrina .
These deaths did n't get much coverage in the mainstream press , but Solnit , drawing on reporting by the investigative journalist A.C. Thompson , makes a plausible case that several such slayings occurred .
Similarly , the urban riots of the '60s were marked not just by angry Afro-Americans burning stores but by white gunmen acting in what they took to be self - defense by firing willy - nilly at anyone with the wrong skin color .
( As one National Guardsman put it during the Detroit riot of 1967 , " I 'm gonna shoot at anything that moves and is black . " )
The parallels with Hurricane Katrina should be obvious .
Note , however , that just as you need to distinguish looters taking advantage of the breakdown of order from " looters " grabbing survival necessities at a moment when the cash economy has disappeared , you also must distinguish vigilantes engaged in racially motivated murders from " vigilantes " patrolling their neighborhoods at a moment when the police have disappeared .
The former is a form of crime .
The latter is another example of the mutual aid that Solnit celebrates , even if she does n't recognize it as such .
It may be true , as she writes , that some armed civilians in the New Orleans neighborhood of Algiers Point murdered people .
That does not mean they all did .
According to press accounts , the Algiers Point patrols began in response to a real crime — a carjacking — and were aimed at preventing trouble , not causing it .
" Other residents who had stayed during the storm were armed and taking turns checking on neighbors , some of them elderly , who remained in their houses , " the New Orleans Times - Picayune reported at the time .
" It was decided that everyone would keep an eye on his block , sharing essential supplies . "
Think back to Solnit 's description of the 1906 quake .
The sentries ' self - organization is closer to the spirit of the Oyster Loaf , the Chat Noir , and the House of Mirth than to that of the troops who occupied San Francisco .
A similar myopia marked the mainstream media 's coverage of crime in Haiti .
We were treated to reports that Haitians had been killed " execution - style " and left in the street , where passers - by nonchalantly let them rot .
Such stories take on a different flavor if you know that in parts of Haiti where police protection is effectively absent , such exhibitions are a longstanding community practice ; the dead men are criminals caught in the act , and they are being displayed as a warning to other would - be crooks .
You need n't approve of such tactics to recognize that they reflect social problems that predated the quake , not a dog - eat - dog chaos that appeared only after it .
While riots are rare after disasters , there is another sort of opportunistic violence that often appears in a crisis , when influential institutions attempt to grab yet more power and resources .
After the earthquake of 1906 , for example , the committee overseeing the reconstruction of San Francisco attempted to seize Chinatown and relocate its residents .
More recently , the 9/11 attacks on New York and Washington unleashed a host of new police powers .
Just last year , swine flu fears provided cover for Russia and China to erect trade barriers and for Egypt 's Islamic government to destroy the livelihood of the country 's Christian pig farmers .
Yet the same ruptures that allow those power grabs from above can also unleash people - power rebellions from below .
At such times , the grassroots cooperation that emerges after a disaster does not disperse but expands into other spheres .
The classic example is the quake that hit Mexico City in 1985 .
Neighbors mobilized to block bulldozers ; workers extracted back pay from employers attempting to skip out on their debts ; residents whose sewage systems had been destroyed won the right to use composting latrines ; barrios persuaded the government to adopt their homegrown reconstruction proposals rather than ideas dreamed up by distant planners .
As civil society came alive , it " created something like an alternative government , " the Mexican writer Gustavo Esteva tells Solnit .
" Suddenly we saw that the people themselves were having real agency .
In the late 1980s they were doing marvelous things . "
It 's as though someone took the " disaster capitalism " invoked by the left - wing polemicist Naomi Klein and stood it on its head .
Speaking of Klein :
In the aftermath of Katrina , one of her articles invoked those Mexico City rebellions .
Yet to judge from some statements that Solnit cites , Klein does n't seem to have absorbed the appropriate lessons .
While promoting her 2007 book The Shock Doctrine , for example , Klein declared that in disasters " we no longer know who or where we are .
We become like children , we look for daddies . "
Such sentiments , Solnit says , are " the apparent product of assumptions rather than research . "
For all that , there 's a danger in taking too utopian a view of society during a disaster , and not just because it seems insensitive to celebrate anything associated with so much death and destruction .
If you are n't careful , that train of thought can lead you to dubious conclusions .
As Solnit notes , the 1906 earthquake came while the philosopher William James was composing his famous essay on " The Moral Equivalent of War . "
The cooperation he saw in the devastated city helped shape his ideas about the ways the martial instinct might be transformed into something more constructive than destructive .
But James ' alternative was driven by centralization and compulsion ; he proposed " instead of military conscription , a conscription of the whole youthful population to form for a certain number of years a part of the army enlisted against Nature . "
James believed a world without war would still require " martial virtues " as " the enduring cement , " arguing that " intrepidity , contempt of softness , surrender of private interest , obedience to command , must still remain the rock upon which states are built . "
This is the national greatness conservatism of the left , and it is no less ugly to anyone who prefers small , concrete affiliations forged freely from below over big , abstract schemes imposed from on high .
Yet Solnit cites James warmly .
Solnit 's disaster utopianism does n't have to lead to the Jamesian vision .
That same quake inspired the young Dorothy Day , who drew on her positive memories of the event — " while the crisis lasted , " she later wrote , " people loved one another " — when founding the decentralist Catholic Worker movement .
While James ' essay directly influenced the creation of the Civilian Conservation Corps , Day opposed the New Deal , which she saw as " the taking over by the state of all those services which could be built up by mutual aid . "
Solnit quotes that statement , but she does n't acknowledge the enormous gulf between Day 's vision of voluntary action and James ' willingness to impose a collective purpose by force .
If an appreciation for the little platoons that emerge in an emergency can devolve into a more authoritarian ideal , it 's also true that the collective fervors that take hold in wartime carry traces of that smaller sort of social harmony .
If 9/11 sparked a nationalist fever , a historical moment so mad that even a phrase as innocuous as " French fries " could come under suspicion , it also set off a surge of solidarity and cooperation of the kind that inspired Day .
In one of the best sections of her book , Solnit revisits New York 's reaction to Al Qaeda 's attacks , from the spontaneous flotilla of boats that evacuated hundreds of thousands of people from Manhattan to the volunteers who converged on the city to help the rescue effort .
When people invoke the spirit that befell the country after September 11 , they are — or should be — referring to these warm - hearted , enthusiastic acts of assistance along with everything else .
In that period right after the attacks , as Americans rushed to aid both neighbors and strangers , even the most navel - gazing elements of the media managed to see what was happening .
While those ships carried those thousands of New Yorkers to safety , not a single reporter that I 'm aware of thought it pertinent to ask a captain , " Has anybody offered you any help with crowd control of these thousands of desperate people ? "
Managing Editor Jesse Walker ( jwalker@reason.com ) is the author of Rebels on the Air : An Alternative History of Radio in America ( NYU Press ) .
Oil and Gas Poll Finds 83 % of Consumers Worldwide Concerned About Climate Change
March 12th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
A new industry poll published in E&P , the world ’s leading publication for oil and gas professionals , reveals that worldwide concern about climate and economic risks from fossil fuels is very high .
These are quite different results from a Gallup poll on a reduction in climate concerns widely publicized yesterday , showing that conservatives ’ belief that climate change is occurring has dropped a full 20 points in the last year to just 30 % , obscuring a relatively minor rise of 2 % as liberals concern levels rose to 74 % .
[ social_buttons ]
The threat to the climate is a great concern globally at 83 % , with 76 % of respondents worrying about future fossil energy shortages .
The rising cost of fossil fuels is the biggest worry overall with 90 % of the 9,000 respondents in 22 countries .
A large majority of the respondents support more government intervention to build more renewable energy to solve climate change and reduce the cost of extracted energy .
To solve these issues , 85 % say that more government control and intervention is required to address energy challenges .
Of three choices as to how that could be achieved , and able to pick two of the three options , 51 % most preferred that “ governments should provide incentives for new technologies ” , and 41 % preferred governments should literally pick winners and losers – “ make investment decisions regarding the development of sources of low - carbon energy . ”
Globally , only 22 % trust that the energy companies will take actions to address these energy challenges in the absence of government intervention , with stark differences between nations that already do have highly regulated energy markets like Japan , India and China , ( who had distrust levels below 10 % ) , and unregulated nations like the Australia , the US and the UK , where the level of distrust runs at over 46 % .
For this energy survey , the leading business consulting firm globally ; Accenture questioned 1,500 people in North America , 3,502 in Western Europe , and at least 500 in each of Australia , Japan , China , India , South Korea , the Middle East , Brazil and Mexico representative of the general population as a whole in terms of age , gender , and socio- economic conditions – except the 500 in developing countries , who were only representative of the urban population .
Image : Accenture : Charting Energy ’s Future ( PDF )
More susan / ” target= ” _blank ” >
Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on < a href= " http://www.twitter.com/dotcommodity " target= " _blank
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
My HTC Incredible came in the mail today from Verizon .
After ripping the package open like a kid on Christmas , I ran into the good and bad of the device very quickly .
I do n’t have time to do a full writeup on the Incredible right now , but here are my impressions from the first few hours :
( for some perspective , I have been on an original iPhone for two and a half years , and I tested the Motorola Droid for a month after its release before deciding it was n’t for me . )
Pro
HTC ’s Sense UI is nothing short of amazing .
I was n’t surprised to see Android have a clunky default UI , seeing as Google is such an engineering - centric company , but HTC really put a lot of thought into streamlining the whole user experience .
Sense has a much better keyboard and autocorrection system , which has me typing at almost the speed I type on my iPhone , on which I ’ve had two and a half years ’ practice .
Also , the UI is fully multi-touch , and does so very well .
Performance wise , this phone screams .
Nothing seems to choke it up .
I ’m still getting used to the “ optical trackball ” at the bottom of the phone .
I want to use it like an inertial scroll , similar to a finger swipe on the screen .
It ’s a pain to try and scroll with just the nub of my thumb , but once I swipe the whole length of my finger across the trackpad , it becomes a lot more useful .
Speaker quality is very good for both the earpiece and the speakerphone .
So far I am impressed with the quality of the camera and its dual - LED flash .
The autofocus works very well .
I ’m disturbed that my phone captures images at 8 megapixels while my high - end point - and - shoot has six .
Complaints about the Incredible ’s quality of materials are highly exaggerated .
I prefer metal phones myself , but this hardware is very solid and have no doubts that it ’ll last me through a 2 - year contract .
( I could n’t say the same about the Motorola Droid , which had a loosely seated headphone jack and battery cover that was constantly falling off . )
The soft touch plastic back feels great , and its unique angular design on the back is a lot more subdued than it looks in pictures - once you feel how thin the device is , it ’s a lot less of a problem .
Likewise with the display - people say AMOLED displays like those on the Incredible and Nexus One are terrible in sunlight .
Yes , it is not very good , but it only becomes a serious problem with the sun beating straight down on it from overhead .
( Want a display that deserves a bad rap ?
Try a Palm IIIc . )
Verizon sent a free 2GB microSD card in the box that was n’t advertised in the pre-order contents .
My guess is that this is Verizon ’s quick fix for existing compatibility issues for apps that do n’t recognize the device ’s 8 GB of internal flash memory , which is a first for an Android device .
Yes , it ’s small , but it ’s free and unexpected .
My bet is that these phones will start coming with microSD cards preinstalled .
Con
The display is quite good , but does n’t blow me away quite like the Motorola Droid did .
Cell reception is noticeably worse than that of the Motorola Droid .
I have n’t tested this enough to know if it ’s a serious issue or not .
The Incredible comes loaded with HTC ’s version of Flash Light , which works with some stuff and does n’t work with other stuff .
It ’s an imperfect solution , and becoming irrelevant as Apple forces the web towards HTML5 , but Android 2.2 will have full - powered Flash anyways .
The USB port on the device plugs in on the bottom left side in portrait orientation - right where you want your left palm to rest while typing with both thumbs in portrait orientation .
You can mangle your fingers around it in an effort to avoid it , but basically you ’re going to want to use this puppy in landscape mode all the time while charging .
There are without a doubt some growing pains for a brand new device launching just today on Verizon .
My data connection did n’t work at first , and Verizon ’s technical rep told me it was likely a problem with HTC and Verizon ’s initial network setup for this phone .
They got it working for me eventually .
( The problem was server - end . )
Also , some things that could be fixed in a firmware update include an oversensitive ambient light sensor – it seems to make tiny adjustments when lighting conditions barely change – and navigation button LEDs that occasionally turn off when they should n’t .
Motorola preloaded a lot more interesting ringtones on the Droid than HTC did on this phone .
That ’s a matter of taste , but I found myself rushing to make my own ringtone ASAP on this thing .
So basically , this phone addresses almost all of the concerns that kept me from keeping the Motorola Droid .
Sense UI is a joy to use , performance is increased , and the build quality seems much more solid to me ( albeit not metal ) .
I feel like I ’m much more likely to choose to keep this and move my contract over to Verizon .
The only holdout I have in my mind as of now is the quality of cell reception , which I ’ll have to test some more outside of my signal - killing brick house .
When one of the children told Miss Ford , 46 , what she had seen , the teacher told the child to " go away " because she was " in a meeting " , adding : " I know Sam 's there .
He will have to wait . "
In this post , I talk about one of my favorite utilities I use regularly – AutoKey .
AutoKey is a real life saver and a great productivity boost for me .
There are not much articles about AutoKey and even those few cover very few of its features .
I intend to talk about some of my favorite features which I use regularly .
I use AutoKey ’s GTK version in Ubuntu but most of the points in the post will be applicable to other Linux variants and KDE .
What is AutoKey
AutoKey ’s homepage describes it concisely as : " AutoKey is a desktop automation utility for Linux and X11 .
It allows the automation of virtually any task by responding to typed abbreviations and hotkeys .
It offers a full - featured GUI that makes it highly accessible for novices , as well as a scripting interface offering the full flexibility and power of the Python language . " .
If you have used AutoHotKey in Windows , then you will be immediately comfortable in AutoKey .
( If not , you should check it out ! ) .
AutoKey uses Python as the scripting language instead of AutoHotKey ’s custom scripting language .
But the potential and functionality are very similar .
AutoKey can be used in multiple scenarios :
a ) Text Substitution : Replace a short abbreviation with a long expansion .
Eg adr with your full address .
b ) Hotkeys :
If you are a keyboard person like me , use it open various program .
For eg I use windows+c for opening chrome , windows+g to open gedit etc .
Alternatively , you can make AutoKey " send " hotkeys to the applications .
( Eg make it press ctrl+s automatically ) .
c ) Automation : AutoKey supports
Python scripts and has a very useful API ’s to control windows , clipboard and mouse .
So you can use it to automate any thing you can imagine !
The biggest advantage of AutoKey is that it works across all applications .
So I can add a keyword which expands to a code snippet and use it in multiple applications – say in vim and also in gedit without any extra work .
Installation
You can read all about the utility at AutoKey ’s homepage .
The Google code page is the recent ( and active ) one even though most links in net points to a sourceforge page .
There are many ways to install AutoKey and it depends on your OS .
For Ubuntu , the easiest way is to install using the update manager .
I would suggest using the update manager as it will install the dependencies automatically .
If you want to be in the latest code then the best solution is to add AutoKey PPA to your system .
Instructions for adding the PPA is in the linked page .
I would recommend getting the latest version ( 0.70 ) as it has lot of new features and some important bug fixes .
Of course , if you use any other Linux variant , you can always install from AutoKey ’s source at the download page .
Starting AutoKey
You can start AutoKey in Ubuntu by Applications -> Accessories -> AutoKey .
Or in command line ( for GTK ) as /usr / bin / autokey - gtk .
Once it is started , you will see an blue icon with " A " in the tray .
Once you start using AutoKey , you will prefer to start it when the system starts .
For Ubuntu ( GTK ) AutoKey , System -> Preferences ->
Startup Applications , enter " /usr/bin/autokey - gtk " as an additional startup entry .
Note : AutoKey also has an option in its preference to start automatically but it did not work for me .
Some Basics
AutoKey appears in the tray as a blue colored icon with " A " in it .
Most of the time , it runs passively , reading your keystrokes .
Right click on the icon and make sure that the checkbox " Enable Expansions " is checked .
Only then AutoKey will perform the expansions .
To make any changes , you need to access its configuration dialog box .
To get it , right click on the AutoKey icon and select " Configure " .
The configure window will look like this .
AutoKey Usage : Phrases
Phrases are the easiest way to start with AutoKey .
You can consider this feature as a powerful text expansion .
For eg you can enter the string " adr " and get it expanded to your whole address .
Phrases : Example 1
Lets take a simple example .
Whenever I type the string " akr " , I want it to expand to " Auto key rocks ! " .
To get this , open the AutoKey config editor .
Create a new phrase by File -> Create -> New Phrase ( Or Ctrl + N ) .
Give the phrase a valid name .
( Eg AutoKey ) .
In the phrase box ( the large text box – which is actually an editor ! ) , type " Auto Key Rocks ! " .
In the " Phrase Settings " section , click on the " Set " button near " Abbreviation " .
Type the abbreviation as " akr " .
Your screen will look like the image at the bottom .
Click " OK " and click on " Save " button .
Congrats , you have created your first phrase .
Lets now test it out .
Open gedit ( or kate or some editor ) and type akr .
Watch it expand to " Auto key rocks ! " .
Now try it in vim .
Try it in Firefox .
Try it in Open Office .
Watch it work at all the places .
Phrases : Example 2
Now let us make it slightly more complex .
Lets say we want a tab in between each word .
( Auto Key Rocks ! ) .
To do that , select the phrase you just created .
In the editor box , type the following .
" Auto < tab > Key< tab > Rocks < tab > ! " .
Thats right .
When AutoKey sees < tab > it expands it to the actual tab character .
Now save the phrase again and try it .
Tab is not the only hotkey that AutoKey supports .
It supports virtually all the special keys in the keyboard .
You can get all of them at AutoKey ’s Hotkey ’s page .
Phrases : Example 3
Another of my favorite feature is " Match phrase case to typed abbreviation " .
To try it out , give " Auto Key Rocks ! " ( ie remove those tabs ) in the editor box .
Click on " Set " button of " Abbreviation " .
Select the checkbox “ Match phrase case to typed abbreviation " .
The next checkbox " Ignore case of typed abbreviation " should be automatically become checked .
If not check it .
Save the phrase .
The dialog must look like the image below .
Now experiment with various ways of typing the abbreviation .
" akr " auto key rocks !
" Akr " Auto key rocks !
" AKr " Auto Key Rocks !
" AKR " AUTO KEY ROCKS !
Phrases : Example 4
Another thing to try is to give hotkey to the phrase .
Of course , it does not make much sense for this small phrase .
If you have a large paragraph and want it copied in a single command , then hotkey is the way to go .
Again , hotkeys are very useful when using Scripts .
( Which I will discuss shortly )
Before setting a hotkey , the usual caveats apply – make sure it does not clash with other applications ’ functionality ( Eg ctrl+s for expanding phrases is a bad idea ! ) .
Also if you are using Hotkeys make sure it is memorable .
As a simple example , lets make " Auto key rocks " when we press ctrl+alt+q .
To do that , click " Set " near " Hotkey " .
You will get a dialog .
Click on " ctrl " , " alt " .
Now to set " Q " , click on " Press to set " and type " Q " .
Press " Ok " and save the phrase .
Your screen will look the image below .
Now type " ctrl+alt+q " in any application and watch it become " Auto key rocks ! " .
Phrases : Example 5
Let us suppose you want your abbreviation to work only in one application .
This can be achieved using " Window Filter " .
Let us take an example .
You want akr to be expanded in Gedit only .
Notice that any document ( new or existing ) opened in Gedit ends with the word gedit .
We will use that as our filter .
To achieve that , select the phrase and click on " Set " near " Window Filter " .
Enter " .* gedit " as the filter .
There are two things to note here .
a) The filter is actually a regular expression which has lot of expressive power .
b) The regular expression must match the whole window name .
Just having " gedit " will not match a gedit window .
Phrases : Example 6
One of the common ways I use Phrase is to expand code snippets .
For eg when I type cppincs , then I automatically the following snippet .
It works whether in vim or in gedit .
( If you use primarily vim , then checkout vim plugins like snippets Emu or snipMate ) .
#include < iostream >
#include < string >
#include < vector >
#include < set >
#include < map >
#include < algorithm > using namespace std ; int main ( )
{
return 0 ;
}
Phrases : Example 7
You can use AutoKey to enter username and password automatically .
A simple example is to have a phrase like “ username < tab > password < enter > ” .
Misc Phrases Features
There are some other options in Phrases menu .
These features are applicable to scripts also .
a ) " Always Prompt before pasting this phrase " –
If checked , when you type the abbreviation , you will see a confirm from AutoKey .
Only when you confirm it will be expanded .
I doubt , you will ever select it .
b ) Show in Tray menu :
If you select this option , your phrase will be visible when you right click on the AutoKey icon .
I guess , this will be useful when you dont assign an abbreviation or hotkey for a phrase .
But again , why will you ever do that ?
Misc Abbreviation Features
When you click on " Set " near " Abbreviation " you will see lot of options .
Again , the same description applies to scripts also .
a) Remove typed abbreviation :
It is usually checked .
This means you are actually asking for a text substitution .
ie " akr " becomes " Auto key rocks ! " .
If you uncheck it , then " akr " becomes " akrAuto Key Rocks ! " .
b ) Omit trigger character :
Typically the phrase is expanded when you type a space or press enter .
If you select this option , they will be ignored .
c ) We already discussed " Match phrase case to typed abbreviation " and " Ignore case of typed abbreviation " in Example 3 .
d ) " Trigger when typed as part of word " and " Trigger immediately " :
These two work in conjunction .
If both are checked , the abbreviation is expanded immediately without waiting for space or enter .
AutoKey Usage : Scripts
Scripts are the coolest feature in AutoKey .
AutoKey uses Python as the scripting language for automation .
If you do n’t know Python , you should really learn it !
AutoKey has an excellent set of API to make your code a breeze .
Scripts come into play when you want to do more complex things than simple substitution .
Examples include : bringing the current time in the document automatically , adding selected word automatically to Google calendar etc .
In fact you can even show some rudimentary GUI to user .
Most of the features in scripts are similar to phrase features .
Scripts : Example 1
This example is from AutoKey ’s sample scripts page .
Lets say you want to bring the current date and time whenever you typed the word " date " in any application .
File -> Create -> New Script ( or Ctrl + Shift + n ) .
You will be see a editor with full Python code highlighting .
Enter the following script
output = system.exec_command ( " date " )
keyboard.send_keys( output )
The screen should look like this :
Note that in this case , system was already imported .
If you want to use some other package , you might want to import it first .
Give " date " as the abbreviation .
Save the script and type " date " in any application and watch it magically become current time ( Eg Wed Apr 14 21:14:27 CDT 2010 ) .
Of course , you can have a hotkey assigned for the script too !
Scripts : Example 2
One of my favorite way of using AutoKey is to use it as a way to invoke applications .
I am more of a keyboard person and like to do everything without touching the mouse .
For eg , when I press " super+c " , Chrome gets started .
Lets try it now .
In a new script , press the following code and assign " super+c " as the hotkey .
Super is nothing but the windows key on the keyboard .
After saving it , when you press " windows ( super ) + c " , Chrome starts !
import subprocess
subprocess .
Popen ([" /usr/bin/google-chrome " ] )
You can note that there are two ways of invoking commands .
" system " is the old way of invoking it .
It works well when you want to wait for the output of the command .
" subprocess " is much more flexible .
I have used " Popen " which is typically used to start a program and you want to wait for it to end .
Scripts : Example 3
Alternatively , you might want to use AutoKey to open some folders or files based on a hotkey .
Eg open your " Ubuntu One " folder with a hotkey or open some excel sheet .
A generic way ( Obtained from the discussion here ) is given below .
xdg - open intelligently , opens the file / folder using the appropriate viewer / program .
import subprocess
subprocess.call([‘xdg-open ’ , ‘ PATH_TO_FILE_OR_DIR ’ ] )
Scripts : Example 4
There are lot of interesting ways to use the full power of Python .
Some clever usage can be seen at Favorite scripts 1 , and Favorite scripts 2 .
Scripts : Example 5
AutoKey has a powerful API to control windows , clipboard , mouse etc .
For eg , you make a particular window come to foreground ( see window.activate ) , get the selected text , get contents of clipboard , add a text to clipboard etc .
You can check the AutoKey API reference .
You can also check out some sample scripts .
Another neat feature is to provide a lib folder and AutoKey will import all files in that folder .
I have not tried this feature , but I think it should work .
To get that Edit -> Preferences -> Script Engine .
Folders
AutoKey uses folders to organize the phrases and scripts .
You can either create a new top level folder or some nested folders .
This concept is quite easy to use .
I group the phrases and scripts based on their functionality and intent .
You can use any organization that works for you .
Trays
The concept of tray is another useful feature – Although , I rarely use it .
There are two ways to add a phrase or script to the tray .
First is to add the phrase / script within the " Tray Phrases " folder .
Other way is to check the checkbox " Show in tray menu " ( for both phrase and script ) .
In both the scenarios , when you right click on the AutoKey icon , you will see them .
My guess is that this will be useful if you did not set a hotkey or abbreviation .
Preferences
AutoKey has a intuitive preferences menu .
Common things to do are :
a ) Enable " Prompt for unsaved changes " checkbox in " General " tab .
If unchecked , the phrase / script changes are automatically saved .
b ) Also check " Enable undo by pressing backspace " .
This means when you want to type a text which is a abbreviation ( eg akr ) without getting expanded , then you type the string , let it expand and press the backspace immediately .
It will give the abbreviation without the expansion .
c ) Another thing to change is default hotkey to get AutoKey ’s config window .
It is usually ctrl+k which interferes with Firefox ’s search button .
d ) Check out other options and enable as you feel fit .
Miscellaneous Stuff
1. Autokey works by catching you keystrokes and doing the expansion or script execution .
This has many implications which you will notice when you use AutoKey a lot .
For eg when you copy paste a text with an abbreviation , it will not expand as you did not " type " it .
Similarly you can cause a abbreviation to be not expanded if you use your left / right keys .
Of course , using backspace within an abbreviation still results in proper expansion .
2. Previous versions of AutoKey had a nifty hotkey called cursor which will place the cursor at that position .
It is not supported .
For a workaround , see this Ubuntu forums thread .
To give it here ,
firstPart =
" First part of the text .
Cursor ->"
secondPart = " <- second part "
keyboard.send_keys(firstPart + secondPart )
keyboard.send_key ( " < left > " , len( secondPart ) )
3 . If you want to see all the AutoKey topics and responses , check out their mailing list topics .
4. AutoKey now uses a json file for configuration .
It is located at ~/.config/AutoKey / AutoKey.json .
Enjoy playing with it !
This also means that if you want to use the same settings across users , just create a symlink to the same file .
If you want to share across multiple machines use Dropbox or Ubuntu One .
For more details , check this AutoKey thread .
5 . If you face any issues when using it , follow the instructions at the Troubleshooting page before shooting a mail .
That said , I have to say that AutoKey mailing list is very active and helpful !
6 . This is a post from LifeHacker on snippits , another tool similar to AutoKey .
I would not recommend it ( as I had a hard time even installing it ) .
But the point is , you should be able to use most of the things done in the video and more using AutoKey .
Use that video as an exercise for testing your AutoKey skills 🙂
7 . There is another project called IronAHK that is going on which brings AHK to Linux .
It is not yet ready for prime time .
If you are a AutoHotKey user , may be you will find it useful .
Good Discussions
In AutoKey ’s Mailing List
I notice that AutoKey ’s mailing list occasionally bring up some creative way of using AutoKey .
I hope to keep this section as a live one which catalogs the discussions that bring out a new facet of AutoKey . .
1. Can I exclude windows in Window Filter ?
Yes .
See here .
2 . How to get a script to invoke an abbreviation ?
See here .
3. Restrictions in using modules in AutoKey scripts :
See here and here .
Acknowledgements
I have liberally used resources from AutoKey ’s wiki pages and its mailing list .
I learned lot of very interesting points from AutoKey ’s mailing list .
I have linked to some of them and given the essential point of the thread in some places .
If you are using AutoKey , then you must join the list .
It is a very helpful and active list .
In conclusion , AutoKey is a very neat utility .
Clever use of it will tremendously improve your productivity .
I hope this post helped to use it better !
Have fun with AutoKey !
Update [ 04-15-2010 ] : Corrected a mistake pointed out by Chris .
If “ Prompt for unsaved changes ” checkbox is unchecked , changes are saved automatically .
You do n’t lose the changes as I wrote .
If you liked this post , please subscribe to the RSS feed .
Yesterday was Equal Pay Day .
Equal Pay
Day marks how far women , on average , have to work into 2010 to be paid the same as men were paid in 2009 .
And last night 's episode of Glee addressed this issue !
In one scene , the girls in the glee club are talking about the many ways men and women are treated unequally .
Quinn tells the other girls in the club : " The fact is that women still earn 70 cents to every dollar that a man does for doing the same job .
That attitude starts in high school . "
We 're thrilled Glee chose to address this crucial issue .
The Paycheck Fairness Act , which addresses many of the loopholes left in the 1963 Equal Pay Act , now has 37 cosponsors in the Senate .
If your senator is n't a cosponsor ( check here ) please contact them now .
Momentum is behind us — let 's ride it all the way to passage of this crucial legislation !
With Insurance : From Under $ 500 to $ 3,000 or more Vaginal Without Insurance : $ 9,000 - $ 17,000 C- Section Without Insurance : $ 14,000 - $ 25,000
The total cost of baby delivery typically consists of : the services of the obstetrician / gynecologist and pediatrician ; services of the anesthesiologist and epidural , if used ; the cost of your stay in the hospital room and board ; a nursery fee ; laboratory fees ; and any medications or medical supplies .
If you are insured , your insurance provider probably will receive the itemized bill , but you might receive separate non-itemized statements from the hospital and the different doctors .
Typical costs :
The biggest factors affecting the cost of a birth are : whether it is vaginal or Cesarean ; whether there are complications ; and the length of the hospital stay .
Geographical location also plays a part ; baby delivery is most expensive in the Northeast and on the West coast and least expensive in the south .
For patients not covered by health insurance , the typical cost of a vaginal delivery without complications ranges from about $ 9,000 to $ 17,000 or more , depending on geographic location and whether there is a discount for uninsured patients .
The typical cost for a C - section without complications or a vaginal delivery with complications ranges from about $ 14,000 to $ 25,000 or more .
to or more , depending on geographic location and whether there is a discount for uninsured patients .
The typical cost for a C - section without complications or a vaginal delivery with complications ranges from about to or more .
For patients with insurance , out - of - pocket costs usually range from under $ 500 to $ 3,000 or more , depending on the plan .
Out - of - pocket expenses typically include copays -- usually $ 15 to $ 30 for a doctor visit and about $ 200 to $ 500 for inpatient services for delivery .
Some insurance plans only cover a percentage -- usually about 80 to 90 percent after a deductible is met , so you can easily end up reaching your yearly out - of - pocket maximum .
In most plans , that ranges from about $ 1,500 to $ 3,000 .
According to a study by the March of Dimes Foundation [ 1 ] , the average out - of - pocket cost for a vaginal delivery for privately insured patients was $ 463 and for a C - section , $ 523 .
to or more , depending on the plan .
Out - of - pocket expenses typically include copays -- usually to for a doctor visit and about to for inpatient services for delivery .
Some insurance plans only cover a percentage -- usually about 80 to 90 percent after a deductible is met , so you can easily end up reaching your yearly out - of - pocket maximum .
In most plans , that ranges from about to .
According to a study by the March of Dimes Foundation , the average out - of - pocket cost for a vaginal delivery for privately insured patients was and for a C - section , .
Usually , the baby receives a separate bill , which typically ranges from $ 1,500 to $ 4,000 for a healthy baby delivered at term .
For a premature baby with complications who has to spend weeks in a neonatal intensive care unit , this bill can reach tens of thousands of dollars .
to for a healthy baby delivered at term .
For a premature baby with complications who has to spend weeks in a neonatal intensive care unit , this bill can reach tens of thousands of dollars .
Baby delivery usually is covered by health insurance .
Even if you join a group health insurance plan after you already are pregnant , delivery still will be covered ; according to the U.S. Department of Labor [ 2 ] , the federal government prohibits group health insurance plans from treating pregnancy as a pre-existing condition , or , if they offer maternity coverage , from refusing to cover prenatal care or childbirth .
However , individual health insurance plans can legally treat pregnancy as a pre-existing condition , so baby delivery probably will not be covered if you join one while pregnant .
If you are insured , it is very important to check with the insurance company about their requirements ; some companies require you to " pre-authorize " coverage for your baby , and some require that you call them when you arrive at the hospital to deliver -- if you forget , they might refuse to cover the delivery or your newborn 's care .
Related articles : Prenatal Care , Cord Blood Banking , Lamaze Classes , Doula , Postpartum Maternity Checkup , Well Baby Doctor Visit
What should be included :
After delivery , the baby will be examined by your doctor or a pediatrician .
The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services [ 3 ] gives an overview of the immediate medical attention a baby needs right after birth .
gives an overview of the immediate medical attention a baby needs right after birth .
You probably will stay in the hospital one to two days , if you delivered vaginally , or three to four days , if you had a Cesarean delivery .
Additional costs :
Induction of labor , usually with drugs , costs extra . FamilyDoctor.org [ 4 ] offers an overview of labor induction .
offers an overview of labor induction .
A private room can cost several hundred dollars extra per day out - of - pocket .
Discounts :
Usually , the services of a midwife are about one - third less expensive than those of an obstetrician / gynecologist .
Some doctors or midwives will negotiate a discounted package rate for prenatal care , or prenatal care combined with delivery , for a patient paying out - of - pocket .
And some hospitals will give you a discount on their part of the fee -- as much as 25 percent -- if you pay your bill at one time rather than in payments .
The U.S. Department of Health & Human Services [ 5 ] offers information on free and reduced cost prenatal and delivery services for women who qualify .
Shopping for baby delivery :
The doctor you choose be board - certified by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists [ 6 ] .
Or , if you wish to use a midwife , the American College of Nurse - Midwives [ 7 ] offers a certified midwife locator .
.
Or , if you wish to use a midwife , the American College of Nurse - Midwives offers a certified midwife locator .
If you have chosen a doctor or midwife , you usually will deliver at the hospital where they have admitting privileges ; so , check out the hospital well in advance of the birth .
BabyCenter.com [ 8 ] offers a guide to choosing a hospital .
offers a guide to choosing a hospital .
As an alternative to hospitals , some patients choose a birth center ; these usually have a more home - like environment than a hospital , allow multiple visitors , offer amenities such as Jacuzzis and offer transfer to a nearby hospital in case of complications .
BabyCenter.com [ 9 ] has information on birth centers .
And the American Association of Birth Centers [ 10 ] has a locator by state .
Material on this page is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice .
For medical decisions , always consult your physician for the right course for your infant or child .
What People Are Paying - Recent Comments
Page 3 of 3 - << Previous 1 2 3
Labor and delivery Amount : $ 4,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : F in Sacramento , CA .
Posted : November 29th , 2019 08:11 PM Hospital : Kaiser Your Insurer : Federal Govt Type of Plan : Basic
High risk , vaginal delivery , induced Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
BBA in the car , June 2018 Amount : $ 1,450.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Mala6 in Houston , TX .
Posted : August 3rd , 2018 01:08 PM
Hospital : Your Insurer : UnitedHealthCare Type of Plan : PPO EMS - $ 231
One day at the hospital - $ 1054
Pediatrician - $ 183
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Induced due to illness , emergency surgery , week in hospital Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : NHS ( all free ) in Northampton ( uk ) , Other .
Posted : April 26th , 2018 12:04 PM
Type of Plan : None Induced due to liver problems a week early , 2 day Labour due to false induction .
Complication due to stuck placenta and major blood loss requiring 3 bags of blood , 3 consultants , 3 midwives epidural multiple drugs of every kind , a week in close observation ward , baby doctors checking the baby , food drink and aftercare .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Vaginal delivery - $ 20 k total amount billed Amount : $ 6,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : legacy13 in Avon , IN .
Posted : October 13th , 2015 10:10 AM Hospital : IU Health West Your Insurer : Cigna Type of Plan : HDHP
Two visits to triage ; labor & delivery ; 48 - hour stay ; epidural , IV and oral painkillers ; stitches ; lactation consultant visits ; breast pump .
Not yet billed for baby 's blood draws and phototherapy .
Received excellent service from the hospital , doctors , and nurses .
Altogether , the amount billed was around $ 20,000 , of which our deductible was about $ 3,500 , and total out - of - pocket around $ 6000 .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
child birth Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : first time mom in lynchburg , VA .
Posted : September 6th , 2015 08:09 AM
What is the cost of delivery in clarilion hospital Virginia ?
No insurance .
Self payment .
Thanks
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Check your bill !!!
Amount : $ 5,900.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Fred Steffen in Vacaville , CA .
Posted : August 4th , 2015 04:08 PM Hospital : Kaiser Vacaville Your Insurer : Kaiser Type of Plan : 80/20
For a normal vaginal birth , the total was $ 16,000 .
After looking at the bill , we 'd been charged for 140 different medications , only 15 of which she was given ( including tums ) .
Charged twice for a nursery we never used , at $ 1,260 each .
This is a joke .
What a ripoff .
Fighting Kaiser currently to get this bill straight .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
L&D Resort Amount : $ 4,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : TaylorBB in Walnut Creek , CA .
Posted : July 30th , 2015 10:07 PM Hospital : John Muir Your Insurer : UnitedHealthcare Type of Plan : PPO
Cash price was $ 50 K for my daughter & I . No complications .
Epidural was 10 K ( included in 50 K total )
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
BABY BIRTH Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : SHAHIDUL K. KHAN in Corona , CA .
Posted : June 18th , 2015 07:06 AM
Mother is in USA on visiting visa , got pregnant .
The mother and her husband ( my nephew ) want to let their baby born here .
They can not bear the expenses of insurance cost with having no any type of plan .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Birthing Center Amount : $ 3,500.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Built to Last in Chatsworth , CA .
Posted : May 19th , 2015 11:05 PM
Type of Plan : Aetna POS II ( PPO ) Deductible for out of network birth is $ 6,000 .
Birthing centers and midwives not covered unless part of a covered hospital staff board .
Doctor said my pelvis and vagina were too small for a normal delivery and pushed a c-section on me .
Gladly , I chose to pay out of pocket for a birth center where I was n't going to be pushed around for profit .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Healthy Birth , Huge Bill Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Metalheart1999 in College Station , TX .
Posted : March 7th , 2015 03:03 PM
Type of Plan : BCBS TX I was in L&D for 12 hours , recovery for the minimum required stay .
I did get an epidural , but no other aids or pitocin , and no complications .
Fortunately my insurance at the time covered both me and baby , but this time it wo n't be the same .
For a complication - free vaginal birth and healthy baby the bill was $ 28,000 in total .
To push out a baby .
$ 28,000 .
You have got to be kidding me .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Hospital Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Mallory lewis in Joplin , OK .
Posted : March 3rd , 2015 08:03 PM
Type of Plan : medicade
It does n't matter if you hospital visits free just becuase some Americans work and can not afford medical insurance does n't mean they dont pay in on it .
Im not sure how much it cost for me to have my son , im sure it was expensive .
But 6 weeks after the baby was born i didnt have insurance .
Most companies wont insure you after .
So its okay to Thoes who get it free that is what we all pay on for so dont feel bad .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
I gotta baby with Liam Amount : $ 55.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Kristi Kenner in Attleboro , MA .
Posted : January 27th , 2015 07:01 PM
Type of Plan : MassHealth
I had a baby with my boyfriend , Liam .
I had my baby full term , but a tough vaginal delivery .
I stayed 3 nights instead of 1 and a half days .
The bill I guess was $ 12,000 + with epidurals and a breastfeeding lesson , but I paid about $ 55 when all said and done .
I am planning on a second , and we are super excited about our next little gem !
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Regular Vaginal Delivery Amount : $ 2,500.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : mom of many in Nashville , TN .
Posted : December 17th , 2014 06:12 PM
Type of Plan : BC / BS PPO 80/20 I have a 1000 dollar deductible , which went towards all the prenatal stuff .
My part of the OB charge was 500 , which was reasonable .
The hospital portion was 1200 , but I paid in full , getting a discount , making that amount 1000 .
I think I paid a couple hundred on the baby .
I do n't get epidurals as I do n't want to pay for them .
Yes , I 'm hard core frugal .
The list price at this hospital was 13 k , double what it was with my last born in Knoxville where the list price was 5600 .
Its rather ridiculous .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
C- Section , Epidural and Hospital bill Amount : $ 12,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Thinkhome in Canton , OH .
Posted : October 16th , 2014 05:10 AM Hospital : Mercy Medical Center Your Insurer : Type of Plan : Self pay
My wife was in labor for about 12hours , thereafter C- Section was carried out with epidural and the following day they were discharged ( total nights spent was one ) .
The charges from the Anesthetics were unimagineably high ( $ 7396.07 ) and there was no discount .
Is this not outrageous ?
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Vaginal Birth at Home Amount : $ 1,100.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : CVT in Napa , CA .
Posted : April 22nd , 2014 08:04 AM
Hospital : None Your Insurer : Anthem Blue Cross through AIM Type of Plan : EPO I had a normal delivery at home with a midwife .
Not included were a birthing pool rental for $ 125 ( so worth it ! ) and the birthing kit for $ 80 ( included all the supplies for postnatal care of mom and baby ) .
Started contractions on Tuesday afternoon but he was my first so my midwife just came to check on me and then said to call when I was really uncomfortable .
She came back the next morning and stayed with me the whole time till I gave birth at 8 pm ( how many doctors would have done that ? ) and did all the postpartum care .
Then she came back a couple of times over the next few days to check on me and help with bonding and breastfeeding .
Do you think hospital staff and doctors could have shown so much patience for my body to prepare for birth or hands - on care before , during , and after my long labor ?
Not only was the cost manageable , but the care received so surpassed what is the norm in a hospital that I feel I got more than my money 's worth !
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Fully insured but still paid TONS Amount : $ 9,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : So over it in Houston , TX .
Posted : March 28th , 2014 09:03 PM Hospital : Methodist Willobrook Your Insurer : Humana Type of Plan : POS
We prepaid OB / hospital ( in- network ) $ 5,000 before 26 weeks ( monthly payments ) per their policy .
That was supposed to be " it " for the whole pregnancy care and delivery AND newborn bills since I was fully insured through employer - $ 600 monthly premiums , of which I paid $ 300 / month .
Ended up paying about $ 4,000 extra on top of the $ 5,000 I already pre-paid .
Bills just kept coming in .
Turned out half the nurses were " out of network " and the insurance company 's response to my requests was " you should have made sure they are in - network before allowing treatment " .
Really ?
The last thing on your mind when you 're trying to push the baby out or try to rest after delivery is to ask the nurses who come into your room and change with every shift whether or not they are in your network .
I wrongly assumed that since the hospital was " in-network " , all the workers in the hospital will also be " in-network " .
A pediatrician who was on - call the night my son was born was also not in - network ( thus , $ 1,400 bill for spending 4 seconds in the room - " Looking good !
Get some rest . < door closes > " ) .
Live and learn , I guess .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
disgusted Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : taydot12345 in houston , TX .
Posted : December 20th , 2013 12:12 AM
Type of Plan : none I 'm disgusted when I read about the US citizens who say they had to pay nothing out of pocket because they receive welfare .
Thanks for having kids when you can't afford them and passing the buck on to us hard working Americans .
There was plenty of out of pocket expenses for your delivery ; you just did n't have to pay any of them .
If you can't afford to pay to have a baby then keep your pants zipped up !!
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Cesarean with Epidural Amount : $ 9,000.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : seattle mama in seattle , WA .
Posted : March 29th , 2013 10:03 PM Hospital : Group Health Central Your Insurer : Group Health Co - Op Type of Plan : Welcome 1000
I have double bills because I attempted an out of hospital birth with midwives and baby didnt progress after 30 hours so ended up having a cesarean birth .
We were surprised to find out after the delivery that the baby would have his own deductible and $ 500 / per day hospital co pay .
And I thought I studied and planned and asked all the right questions !
Add to the fact baby was born right after the first of the year and I had to start over on my deductible !
The bills showed charges for facilities , professional fees , meds , tests , labs , doctors visits and amount of tiolet paper used ( joking ) .
I think it 's really shady that no one can ever tell you how much these things will cost before you make the charges .
It 's like the medical billing and coding are intentionally convoluted .
AArrgghh
Luckily they agreed to take $ 340 / mo with no interest charged .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Gave birth in November 2012 Amount : $ 1,800.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Solindya in Memphis , TN .
Posted : March 24th , 2013 07:03 PM
Type of Plan : United Healthcare I ended up paying $ 1800 total :
$ 950 Hospital cost
$ 650 anesthesia
$ 200 pediatrician
I had an ER c-section after my son flatlined during the try to give a vaginal birth .
4 days hospital stay and $ 1800 less in the pocket ( I still pay this off ) .
But I do n't care .
My son is healthy and alive .
Nothing else really matters .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
30.00 Co-pay , 30 % of Hospital bill w/ $ 3000.00 max Amount : $ 3,150.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Lorena C in Los Angeles , CA .
Posted : January 7th , 2013 02:01 PM
Hospital : 2,700.00 Your Insurer : Health Net Type of Plan : HMO
My job did not take anything out of checks for insurance coverage , but I had a steep co-pay ( paid $ 450.00 total ) and had to pay 30 % of my hospital which totaled $ 2700.00
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Self payment Amount : $ 9,194.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : demo in Bloomington , MN .
Posted : October 15th , 2012 10:10 PM Hospital : Fairview Southdale Your Insurer : BCBS
Type of Plan : 20/80 group Room and medical at hospital - 4312
Anesthesiologist - 882.90
OBG West - 4000
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
I was lucky - Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : a user in Beckley , WV .
Posted : September 6th , 2012 10:09 AM
Hospital : Raleigh General Your Insurer : Federal Type of Plan : Group From were
In was a minor , whatever the insurance didnt pay , the hospital dropped ot , so I didnt have to pay anything Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
self pay with baby # 2 Amount : $ 5,830.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : sunbeam in Tampa , FL .
Posted : August 20th , 2012 06:08 PM
Hospital : TGH Your Insurer : united w/o maternity rider
We got pregnant before we could add on a maternity rider and had to self pay .
Prenatal visits w/ my midwife was discounted to $ 2750 , about $ 375 / per prenatal visit with a $ 500 down payment .
$ 80 for 20wk ultrasound , and $ 3000 for hospital costs .
We plan on paying cash again , as my l&d have been uncomplicated vaginal deliveries w/o epidural .
And we live in NC now ... was curious about their costs .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Does everyone have to pay this much !!!???
Amount : $ 5,200.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Mom of 4 in Ohio in Concord , OH .
Posted : July 31st , 2012 05:07 AM
Hospital : TriPoint Medical Center Your Insurer : Medical Mutual Type of Plan : PPO
I can't believe how much labor & delivery costs have increased for us over the years .
Baby # 1 ( born 2002 ) cost less than $ 2 K , baby # 2 ( 2005 ) cost $ 2.5 K and baby # 3 ( 2008 ) cost $ 3 k .
Now baby # 4 has been born ( 2012 ) & our insurance claims are saying we owe $ 5200 so far & they have n't even processed my OB 's claim yet .
- $ 1800 hospital bill for baby
- $ 250 pediatrician bill
- $ 700 anesthesiologist bill
- $ 2500 hospital bill for me
- $? OB bill
All my past deliveries were natural , but baby # 4 was a c-section .
However , I do n't remember receiving such high bills for just the baby before .
His bills alone were $ 2 K this time & he was perfectly healthy .
Our plan has a $ 2500 per person / $ 4500 per family deductible & $ 2500 / $ 4500 co-insurance ( 80/20 ? ) amount that has to be paid by us after the deductible has been met , as well .
We 're already paying over $ 200 a month towards our insurance premium , too .
Great benefits , right ?
And , my husband works for a union .
I do n't know how we 're going to pay these medical bills .
Hubby took a huge pay cut at work recently & we 're already having trouble paying our other bills .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
$ 0 cooverage by my policy Amount : $ 5,700.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : GFR in Indianapolis , IN .
Posted : July 17th , 2012 08:07 PM
Hospital : $ 3500 Your Insurer : $ 0 Type of Plan : HSA My insurance did not cover the pregnancy .
So we contacted best OBGYN and told we are self pay .
He offered 9 month routine check plus delivery plus 6 month post partum visit for $ 2200 ( to be paid in 6 installments ) ( $ 300 more for C section ) .
I spoke with hospital where he was practicing and they offered me a self pay plan for $ 3500 ( normal vaginal delivery , 1 night stay with $ 700 for additional night ) , $ 1000 extra for every additional child , $ 700 for epidural , if C section , hospital charges will be $ 6800 .
Terms were so clearly spelt , that I did not had to go through insurance hastles and coverage denial / copay / co-insurance / out of pocket / other nonsense I had to face for my first delivery .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Induced labour , vacuum delivery with episiotomy Amount : $ 0.00 not covered by insurance Posted by : Eibhlinn in limerick , Other .
Posted : July 1st , 2012 05:07 AM
Hospital : Public hospital Your Insurer : Irish HSE Type of Plan : Free universal health care in Ireland I have no insurance but pay taxes .
The state of Ieland in return provides free health care to all .
Some fees apply unless you are a medical card holder .
However pregnancy is exempted from all fees .
The care I 've received :
GP visits : all free - about 15 throughout the pregnancy
Midwife appointments : 6 , all free .
scans : 3 - all free .
Glucose Tolerance Test : 1 - free
antenatal classes : 5 - free
breastfeeding class : 1 - free
inducement : free
vacuum delivery , with episiotomy : free pain relief : pethidine injection and entonox : free Hospital stay : three nights - free .
Regular visits from midwives , doctors and lactation consultants as often as I called for them .
Visit from the public health nurse to check on baby 's progress : 2 so far - free .
I also have her phone number and address of drop in centre to see her with any question or worry I might have .
Other services available to me for free : physiotherapy classes , follow up visits at the hospital , GP visits for baby ' svaccines .
Was this post helpful to you ?
yes no Report prohibited or spam
Page 3 of 3 - << Previous 1 2 3
Comment On Your Experience With Baby Delivery Subject : * Amount Spent : * not covered by insurance Hospital : Your Insurer : Type of Plan : Comments : Purchased : --- Select --- January February March April May June July August September October November December Year : 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 or earlier City : * State : -- Select -- AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Other * Information about you : Email : * Email addresses are not displayed .
Name :
This is the name we 'll display with your post .
Remember me on this computer * =required field .
External Resources :
HBO continues their quest to specify what you can and cannot record to your DVR .
They ’ve been at the forefront of limiting our recording rights and are at it again , this time petitioning that subscription video - on - demand should be off - limits .
It ’s interesting that they attempt to segregate content … why should one network or type of programing be treated differently than any other ?
If you ’re piping media into my house that I ’ve paid for I intend to retain the right to copy whatever I want , whenever I want for my personal use — broadcast flag and similar legislation be damned .
Related Stories
