You probably have a mobile phone with a Bluetooth radio in it , and you may have a Wi -Fi network as well .
Soon , you could be using a third wireless networking technology in your house .
It ’s called ZigBee , and it eventually might find its way into more devices than Wi-Fi and Bluetooth combined .
In the near term , you ’re likely to see it show up in the smart meters that utilities have begun to use and in the remote controls of high - end televisions .
In the not - too - distant future , you could be using ZigBee networking to control the lights in your home , monitor your elderly parent ’s health or turn off your air conditioner during periods of peak energy use when no one ’s home .
“ ZigBee is regarded as a fairly robust , good technology for many applications , ” said Sam Lucero , an industry analyst at ABI Research , a technology research firm .
Advertisement
ZigBee operates over the same 2.4 - GHz frequency range as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth .
Unlike those technologies , though , ZigBee transmits at much lower data rates .
It ’s made for sending simple commands , such as turning on a TV , or small bits of data , such as whether a door is locked .
Thanks to the low data rate , ZigBee tends to use far less power than other networking technologies .
The battery life of a ZigBee device can often be measured in years , rather than hours in the case of Wi-Fi or days with Bluetooth .
Also , ZigBee ’s standard utilizes mesh networking , which allows ZigBee devices to automatically connect with and transmit data through one another without having to go through a central gateway like a router .
ZigBee has been around for about seven years .
It ’s primarily been used in commercial and industrial settings in alarm and monitoring systems and in expensive houses for custom - installed home - automation systems .
But the technology ’s backers -- and analysts who follow the industry -- think it ’s about to hit the mainstream .
Advertisement
The number of ZigBee radio chips shipped has been doubling every year in recent years , hitting 20 million last year , said Bob Heile , chairman of the ZigBee Alliance , a nonprofit standards body that helps oversee and promote the technology .
The group , whose members include Intel Corp. , Marvell Technology Group and Cypress Semiconductor Corp. , expects 100 million ZigBee chips to be shipped this year .
Part of that expected growth is driven by power companies .
To better track and potentially regulate in - home energy use , PG&E Corp . and other utilities are installing millions of smart meters in California and around the country .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology has recommended that the technology be included in such meters nationwide .
That agency and other ZigBee backers envision it being used to create home - area networks .
Such a network might link a thermostat , major appliances and outlets to the smart meter , allowing consumers to monitor and control the energy use of particular devices .
It could also allow a power company to turn down the air conditioning in many of its customers ’ homes to help prevent a power outage .
Advertisement
ZigBee “ has a good chance to be one of the primary technologies in the home for smart - energy management , ” said Lisa Arrowsmith , a market analyst with IMS Research , which focuses on the electronics industry .
“ There ’s a lot of enthusiasm among utilities in the U.S. to proceed down the ZigBee route . ”
But ZigBee is also likely to start making its way into consumers ’ homes via their televisions .
TV and other consumer electronics manufacturers are developing remote controls that use ZigBee and other radio - frequency , or RF , technologies in place of infrared emitters and sensors .
Infrared is a line - of - sight technology that does n’t work if someone or something is in the way , or if you have your remote pointed in the wrong direction .
In contrast , an RF remote will work in any direction and even from another room .
The advantage of using ZigBee over other RF technologies is that it uses so little power that you may need to replace your television before you would have to swap out the batteries in your remote , said Cees Links , who helped develop the Wi-Fi standard and is now chief executive of Green Peak , which designs ZigBee chips .
Advertisement
What ’s more , ZigBee technology could eventually lead to a universal device to control not only your TV but also such things as your automatic window blinds and your thermostat -- and monitor how much energy you ’re using .
Links and other industry figures expect the first ZigBee remotes to hit the market later this year , probably as a premium feature of higher - end televisions .
The consumer electronics industry “ will move to RF remote controls , ” said Craig Mathias , an analyst at Farpoint Group , an advisory firm specializing in wireless technologies .
“ That is absolutely going to happen . ”
But Mathias and others caution that ZigBee is competing against a number of other wireless and wired technologies , and there ’s no guarantee that it will eventually win out .
Advertisement
For home - area networks , “ I do n’t think there ’s going to be a clear winner , ” Arrowsmith said .
Wolverton writes for the San Jose Mercury News / McClatchy .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) --
Another day , another accounting mess .
The report on the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy -- and the " Repo 105 " accounting trick that seems to have made $ 50 billion disappear from the balance sheet in the blink of an eye -- does n't just raise questions as to the liability of Ernst & Young , Lehman 's auditor ; it raises questions about the entire foundation of public reporting .
What precise purpose does it serve to have a supposedly independent auditor ( paid for by the company ) sign off on accounts ?
From Enron to Lehman to Satyam SAY , +12.50 % to Parmalat , it 's clear that the major accountants lack either the skill or the determination ( or both ) to ferret out fraud .
AM Report : What Was Lehman Hiding ?
And given that the credit crunch was largely predicated on the lack of faith that not just investors , but banks themselves , had in the quality of accountant - vouched - for assets , there seems to be little value in what these firms provide .
Company executives already are forced to sign off on their accounts .
When they are caught lying , companies face liability over disclosure .
So the threats that keep ( some ) companies honest are there regardless of whether the reports are audited .
The outside auditors themselves are assigned a negligible value by the market .
A solution ?
Here are two admittedly out - there solutions that the Securities and Exchange Commission probably wo n't adopt .
One is quite simple : get rid of accountants .
Who cares ?
They add no value , and their expenses weigh on the bottom line .
The other would be for someone else to hire the accountant .
How about the company 's top five shareholders ?
While the likes of Fidelity would grumble about the added costs and the free - rider benefit to smaller shareholders , they would certainly have an interest in securing a far tougher audit .
In any case , nothing could be worse than the present system : an illusion of transparency and the reality of a black box on financial affairs .
-- Steve Goldstein
A group of British and Canadian paleontologists have found fossils that show the earliest evidence of animal locomotion .
The team from the University of Oxford and Memorial University of Newfoundland found fossilized trails left by Ediacarans , an enigmatic assemblage of soft - bodied creatures that lived 30 million years before modern animals evolved .
The find , in 565 million - year - old rocks at Mistaken Point , 150 kilometres south of St. John 's , appears in the current issue of the journal Geology .
The discovery of 70 fossilized trails , each about five to 17 centimetres long , is comparable to the kinds of marks left in the sea floor by modern animals like sea anemones , the researchers say .
Although they can't pin the trails to a specific creature , the discovery shows at least some of the Ediacarans were mobile , and hence must have had muscles .
Similarities in the trails to the modern - day anemone Urticina suggest the organisms that left the fossil traces may have had a muscular " foot , " the researchers said .
" This is exciting because it is the first evidence that creatures from this early period of Earth 's history had muscles to allow them to move around , enabling them to hunt for food or escape adverse local conditions and , importantly , indicating that they were probably animals , " said University of Oxford PhD student Alex Liu .
The Ediacarans are the earliest complex organisms before the Cambrian " explosion of life " that marked the development of modern complex life .
But debate continues over just exactly what the Ediacarans looked like , or even what they were .
Stranger than fiction
" Some of the later species — particularly in Australia and the White Sea — do in my view seem to be early animals , " Lui said .
" But the morphological characteristics of earlier forms , [ such as ] those in Newfoundland , leave their biological affinities difficult to resolve at present — though we are working on it . "
Prof . Pat Vickers - Rich of Monash University in Melbourne , has recently been studying Ediacaran fossils in Namibia .
She says paleontologists originally thought the Ediacarans were jellyfish , worms and soft corals .
" Now we know they are so different to anything we know today , " Vickers - Rich said .
" Some of them were absorbers , absorbing their nutrients directly through the chemical environment with no mouth parts at all .
Others , like Rangea had a kind of proboscis that grazed microbial mats . "
Vickers - Rich says the Namibian fossils , from a locality called the Nama group in southern Namibia , represent the " last gasp of the Ediacaran fauna " .
No one knows how the Ediacarans became extinct , but Vickers - Rich hypothesizes it may have been because of a buildup of oxygen and changing oceanic chemistry , which may have favoured the new Cambrian animals .
Security camera footage of a mother allegedly dropping her baby onto a concrete walkway during an argument has been released to the media .
The 10 - month - old baby was taken to hospital but was not seriously injured in the incident at the Palmerston bus exchange in the Northern Territory last May .
The 21 - year - old woman , who cannot be identified for legal reasons , has pleaded not guilty to recklessly endangering serious harm and aggravated assault .
The footage shows her holding her son before she suddenly flings her arms out and the baby drops onto the ground .
A tussle then takes place as people nearby try to take the baby from the woman .
The Darwin Magistrates Court has previously heard she had been arguing with her partner before the incident .
Lillian Boyd , Dana Point Times The House of Representatives passed the Dependable Employment and Living Improvements for Veterans ’ Economic Recovery ( DELIVER )
Act , which includes six …
When Tony Abbott was attacking Kevin Rudd yesterday over the Government ’s despicable $ 500 m handout to free - to - air television , suggesting “ it looks like an election - year bribe ” , he neglected to mention his own recent dealings with media moguls .
Crikey understands that Abbott had a secret meeting with News Ltd supremo Rupert Murdoch on Sunday morning and had breakfast [… ]
When Tony Abbott was attacking Kevin Rudd yesterday over the Government ’s despicable $ 500 m handout to free - to - air television , suggesting “ it looks like an election - year bribe ” , he neglected to mention his own recent dealings with media moguls .
Crikey understands that Abbott had a secret meeting with News Ltd supremo Rupert Murdoch on Sunday morning and had breakfast with him .
Murdoch was in Australia to celebrate his mother Elisabeth ’s 101st birthday last week .
“ I think there ’s nothing wrong with ministers and moguls having meetings , ” Abbott told talkback radio this morning .
“ That is probably a natural part of life and it ’s probably a good thing that they meet from time to time and I do n’t think it ’s necessary that there be a tape recorder going that we all get access to , but I guess it ’s not a great look when it looks more like a social encounter than a business meeting . ”
When pressed by Neil Mitchell to say whether he would reveal details of his discussions with media proprietors , Abbott refused to be drawn , only insisting “ it ’s not a good look when ministers and magnates have what look to be cosy friendships . ”
While Murdoch professes to “ give the planet the benefit of the doubt ” on climate change , News Ltd outlets in Australia have consistently and enthusiastically promoted climate denialism , now at the centre of Coalition policy since the right - wing putsch that dislodged Malcolm Turnbull and installed Abbott , under the aegis of arch - conservative Nick Minchin .
This week the company ’s loss - making flagship publication The Australian has noticeably ramped up its attacks on the Government , today launching a dogged defence of the Opposition and savaging the Government over industrial relations .
The Opposition itself has also adopted an increasingly hostile line on the FTA handouts this week , although it has declined to commit to reversing them .
The mainstream media has belatedly picked up the FTA handout issue , but only after revelations in News Ltd tabloids that Communications Minister Stephen Conroy met Seven Network owner Kerry Stokes while on holiday in Colorado , leading to headlines about his “ skiing tryst ” with Stokes , a major beneficiary of the handouts .
There ’s now a simple test for News Ltd – whether it covers Abbott ’s meeting with its proprietor in the same way as it covered Conroy ’s , and whether it demands the same details of Abbott as the Sunday Telegraph demanded of Conroy – what was discussed and what hospitality did Abbott enjoy from Murdoch ?
And , most of all , was there a deal made between the two for favourable coverage ?
( Visited 15 times , 1 visits today )
Tuesday , Mar. 30 , 2010
Head butt , cheek rub :
White lions Kotenay ( left ) and Snoary greet each other affectionately in their new " drive through " enclosure at Serengeti animal park in Hodenhagen , Germany .
' Out like a lamb ' ?
Hardly :
The weather is n't cooperating in Stirlingshire , Scotland , which was hit by near - gale - force winds and major snow accumulations .
Robosaurus plays with his food at the Sydney Royal Easter Show media preview , because nothing says Easter like a five - story , fire - breathing , car - munching robot .
Why do n't we do it the road ?
Well , for starters - oncoming traffic .
( Prisdorf , Germany . )
You have a clean spot on your ... there , you got it : A traditional Indian wrestler rinses himself with dirt in Calcutta while celebrating Hanuman Jayanti , the birth anniversary of the monkey god Lord Hanuman .
The day is considered especially significant to traditional wrestlers and bodybuilders .
End - of - March madness : Hanuman Jayanti , the monkey god 's birthday , is a good excuse to go ape in New Delhi .
Coming down with a bug : A camel sneezes flies at the Sharqeya Camel Race Festival near Belbeis , Egypt .
Marked by strict penance , the Hindu Charak festival in Goalpara , India , encourages devotees to dance barefooted on the street .
Burning charcoal quickens the tempo .
Make him stop following me , Mom !
It 's not paranoia if they really are out to get your photo in the ring - tailed lemur enclosure at Germany 's Frankfurt Zoo .
Wax on , wax off : Birgit Leinhas , chief gnome polisher at Garden Gnome Park in Trusetal , Germany , is only 2 and a half feet tall .
Or else this is one big garden gnome .
I am totally lost : A gray whale surfaces near the mouth of the Duwamish River in Seattle .
Gray whales are not as common in Puget Sound as orcas and are rarely seen in Elliott Bay near downtown Seattle .
Two for flinching : A Talciguin , or devil , whacks a boy with a stick in a symbolic gesture to cleanse his sins during Holy Week celebrations in Texistepeque , El Salvador .
Here I come to save the day !
A pug courageously barks at the 49 - inch sturgeon that his owner landed on The Wall in Oregon City , Ore. March 31 marks the final day fishing will be allowed from The Wall , which is to be included in a sturgeon sanctuary .
Mmm , cherry - flavored flowers :
It 's monkey see , monkey chew at Tokyo's Ueno Zoo , which planted cherry trees in the macaque habitat .
The blossoms are a favorite snack of the simians .
It 's beginning to rain in the Petionville neighborhood of Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
( CNN ) --
The Texas Department of Public Safety took the unprecedented step Thursday of telling college students not to visit Mexican border cities during spring break because they are just too dangerous .
Several universities issued similar warnings last year , but this was the first time the Texas law enforcement agency had issued the specific advisory against travel , said spokeswoman Tela Mange .
In the past , she said , Texas authorities had just urged students to be careful .
" Because of the increased violence , we decided to step it up a little bit and say , ' Parents , bad idea , ' " Mange said .
DPS Director Steven C. McCraw said , " Parents should not allow their children to visit these Mexican cities because their safety cannot be guaranteed . "
The State Department renewed a travel alert to Mexico last month , citing increased violence in the country -- border areas in particular .
" Recent violent attacks have caused the U.S. Embassy to urge U.S. citizens to delay unnecessary travel to parts of Michoacan , Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua ... and to advise U.S. citizens residing or traveling in those areas to exercise extreme caution , " the alert says .
More than 16,000 people have died in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after assuming office in December 2006 .
Ciudad Juarez , in Chihuahua state across the border from El Paso , Texas , is the most violent city in the nation .
" The situation in the state of Chihuahua , specifically Ciudad Juarez , is of special concern , " the alert says .
Two U.S. citizens were abducted and killed in Chihuahua , the State Department said .
" Mexican authorities report that more than 2,600 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez in 2009 , " the report states .
" Additionally , this city of 1.3 million people experienced more than 16,000 car thefts and 1,900 carjackings in 2009 .
U.S. citizens should pay close attention to their surroundings while traveling in Ciudad Juarez , avoid isolated locations during late night and early morning hours , and remain alert to news reports . "
But the problems are not limited to Juarez , the State Department says .
" Mexican drug cartels are engaged in violent conflict -- both among themselves and with Mexican security services -- for control of narcotics trafficking routes along the U.S. - Mexico border , " the report says .
" In order to combat violence , the government of Mexico has deployed military troops throughout the country .
U.S. citizens should cooperate fully with official checkpoints when traveling on Mexican highways .
" Some recent Mexican army and police confrontations with drug cartels have resembled small - unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades .
Large firefights have taken place in towns and cities across Mexico , but occur mostly in northern Mexico , including Ciudad Juarez , Tijuana , Chihuahua City , Nogales , Matamoros , Reynosa and Monterrey .
During some of these incidents , U.S. citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . "
A number of areas along the border continue to experience a rapid growth in crime , with robberies , homicides , petty thefts and carjackings increasing during the past year nationwide , the alert says .
The State Department reports notable spikes in Chihuahua , Sinaloa , and northern Baja California .
" Ciudad Juarez , Tijuana and Nogales are among the cities which have experienced public shootouts during daylight hours in shopping centers and other public venues , " the alert says .
CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .
Feminism and Anarchism :
Towards a Politics of Engagement
Krysti Guest
Thinking through the possible relationships between feminisms and anarchisms involves a commitment to analysing the similarities and differences between these two emancipatory political frameworks and identifying what insights each movement could offer the other .
That task is , of course , beyond the scope of any article or book .
It involves a dynamic series of dialogues where issues are debated and reformed depending upon different contexts , a process which recognises that " theory " and " practice " are not separate activities but interdependent and evolving forms of knowledge .
This paper is a contribution to that process and is specifically my response to the anarchist " Visions of Freedom " conference in Sydney 1995 .
That conference left me extremely angry and frustrated at the exclusion and ignorance of feminist knowledges within the general conference proceedings .
This was particularly bewildering given that there were clearly many people attending the conference committed to critical political theory and feminist views .
What this disparity highlights is that there is very much a dominant brand of anarchism which is never clearly articulated and which is hostile to the insights and challenges of ( at least ) feminist theory .
During the conference 's plenary session , I delivered a condemnatory feminist critique of this dominant form of anarchism .
This paper is an attempt to articulate more clearly that critique and will hopefully serve to pry open spaces for a range of political debates , which anarchism so clearly lacks and so desperately needs .
A Sketch of Feminist Political Theory
Revolutionary feminism is an analytical framework and movement committed to dismantling the institutions which politically , economically , sexually and psychically oppress all women .
Revolutionary feminism recognises that women are not all the same and that a uniform experience of women 's oppression is illusory .
Rather , oppression on the grounds of sex operates differently according to a woman 's race , class and sexuality , and if the oppression of all women is to cease , then the interconnected structures of patriarchy , transnational capitalism and Western imperialism must be fought against equally .
Feminism 's most significant contribution to political theory is the recognition that political oppression does not only operate in the so - called " public sphere " of paid work and government , but thrives within the so - called " private " sphere of pleasure , personal life and family .
Politicising the " private " has had important implications for revolutionary political theory .
Issues such as personal relations , sexual violence , housework , the preparation of food and childcare have become primary sites of political struggle rather than assumed supports for " real " political work .
Consequentially , political theories which see the eradication of " real " social ills occurring primarily via the big- bang apocalypse of " the revolution " are revealed as anti-feminist .
Although drastic social change through a a political and economic revolution is essential , it is only one moment in a continuum of political action aimed at changing the status quo .
The need to ameliorate oppressive social structures now , by providing state funded women 's refuges or community childcare for example , is not a poor relation to a revolutionary process but an essential part of that process .
If microscopic and macroscopic social change do not develop equally , then most women will neither have the time , ability or even be alive to participate .
Any subsequent revolutionary political structure will be steeped in sexism and the revolution against patriarchy will fail .
A Sketch of Anarchist Political Principles
Feminist interest in anarchism has been aroused by the traditional principles of anarchist political theory .
Of most significance is that rather than focussing on one specific authoritarian structure ( such as capitalism ) , anarchism identifies authoritarian structures in general as the key instrument of oppression .
This allows the possibility that equal recognition can be granted to the different forms of oppression which specific authoritarian systems create .
Equal recognition of different oppressions avoids socialism 's premise that capitalist class relations are the ultimate form of oppression through which all other oppressive forces are filtered .
It is impossible to understand , and therefore change , the complexities of women 's oppression ( or racial , homosexual oppression ) if class and capitalism are ultimately seen as the origins of injustice .
A feminist relationship to anarchism would mean exploring authoritarian structures as fundamental to women 's oppression and an anarchist relationship to feminism would mean recognising that patriarchy is a paradigmatic example of authoritarian structures .
Anarchism 's refusal to adopt authoritarian means to achieve non-authoritarian ends recognises that revolutionary change is a continuous process .
Revolutionary society has to begin being forged today if it is to benefit the majority and not merely empower the minority in a vanguardist party .
This parallels feminism 's focus on politicising the " private " and " personal " spheres and opens up spaces for debate of the possibilities and limitations of both theories .
Finally , the principle of non-hierarchical organisation reflects the feminist insight that current social , political and economic hierarchies are gendered ( as well as race and sexuality determined ) , in that they overtly and subtly reproduce patterns of domination which oppress women .
Non-hierarchical and decentralised organisation creates the possibility of allowing differently oppressed social groups to engage in a productive manner .
The form that an effective non-hierarchical organisation would take is extremely complex to think through .
I will not attempt to do this here ( Rob Sparrow 's paper in this collection provides a model with which to begin working ) except insofar as to say that anarchist theory should not aim to assimilate feminist political theory .
Assimilation policies only ever reduce the specificities of different oppressions to the specificities of the dominant group .
Some General Thoughts on Prevalent Forms of Anarchism
Although the above sketch of the similarities between anarchism and feminism presents a very promising picture , my experiences in the past eight years have overwhelmingly been of anarchism trailing the baggage of an extremely limiting split personality .
There are political activists who claim anarchism and who are very committed to their politics , political theory and political action .
On the other hand there are many people who claim anarchism , or more simply the anarchist symbol A , as a fashionable adjunct to their oh - so - alternative " counter - cultural " life .
This brand of anarchism eschews collective organisation and rigorous political analysis for more freewheeling , zany and individualistic social actions or events .
Well excuse me , but I am a little weary of people presenting " anarchist " fashion statements or dope driven " anarchist " dinner parties as incisive forms of political action .
Although cultural expression is clearly enmeshed within political and social change , what I have seen continually occur is that this brand of anarchist lifestyle politics does not form part of a movement but becomes the movement .
Difficult political discussions and organised political activism are thereby insidiously framed as somehow " non-anarchist " or just not groovy enough .
By constantly privileging cultural expression , the revolutionary possibilities of anarchism are inevitably emptied out leaving only an individualistic and ultimately conservative lifestyle choice .
The " Visions of Freedom " Conference
From a feminist perspective I believe it is of the utmost importance to work through why anarchism seems to attract or produce this tendency towards individualistic lifestyle politics , as this tendency makes anarchism irrelevant to other organised social movements .
At the " Visions of Freedom " conference , this tendency towards conservative individualism arose in a number of guises .
My central criticism is that within the dominant views expressed at the conference , there was web of resistance to serious political debate and engagement .
This was of course not always present , but there seemed to be a dominant assumption that what anarchism " is " is somehow self - evident and does not require a great deal of explanation .
There was little desire to work through what the defining concepts of traditional anarchism are and how effectively these concepts work towards lasting change in society , particularly when compared with other revolutionary theories .
There was almost no discussion at all of how these concepts have been affected by the onslaught of diverse emancipatory movements such as feminism , anti-racism , environmentalism , and lesbian and gay movements .
My puzzlement over this lack of rigour was brought into sharp relief when at several points during the conference , some people seemed to be of the view that anarchism was not even a theory of larger structural change but merely a way of living one 's individual life .
During one paper , a group of people were staunchly opposed to the idea that an anarchist organisation would work towards changing people 's views .
The problem appeared to be that there was an inherent violence and curtailment of freedom of choice in trying to change opinions .
Teasing out this opposition is revealing .
It is not a new argument that people 's beliefs are socially or ideologically constructed .
Therefore , if we disagree with current , dominant ideological systems ( which as anarchists should be a given ) then one should be working towards changing these structures and hence people 's beliefs .
What seems to have been the real difficulty is that many people believe that when one identifies as an anarchist , somehow all the shackles of ideological construction wither away and one becomes spontaneously free and equal .
Hence any attempt to change this is to commit violence and to limit freedom .
It is extremely naive to view ideology as ever withering away .
Values , belief systems and political theories are always determined by a particular ideological and material position and the ideology of anarchism is just as socially constructed as the ideology of capitalism .
Otherwise we would see just as many anarchist men organising against violence against women ( " girls stuff " ) as we do against police brutality ( " real politics " ) .
The ideology which drives the view that casting off the shackles of our dominant social beliefs somehow makes as " naturally free and equal " is the ideology of eighteenth century western liberal humanism , which tells the story that we are all born as equal individuals in control of our destiny .
Wrong of course , and such anti-materialist , liberal individualism is supposed to be in opposition to traditional anarchist theory and action .
Despite this , the fundamental tenets of this particular view of freedom , spontaneity and individualism continually frame much anarchist thought .
Excluding Visions of Freedom
The issue of " exclusion " provided a significant channel through which liberal ideology arose in conference discussions .
During Rob Sparrow 's paper on anarchist organisation , there was palpable horror from many people at the idea that part of defining what anarchism " is " is to define what values and principles are not anarchist and hence would be excluded from an anarchist organisation .
Again , it is a banal and obvious point that if anarchism is opposed to authoritarian structures , it should not be many things : it should not be misogynist , fascist , homophobic etc .
However , this point kept getting lost by many people beneath their fiery commitment to an abstract notion of " freedom " .
As I 've said , ideology does not cease to operate by invoking the magic word " freedom " .
The ideology of a freedom which claims to exclude no - one and tolerate a plurality of conflicting viewpoints is merely liberal pluralism , the status quo .
Liberal pluralism ostensibly gives everyone equal rights and freedom of speech , but in fact excludes all but the dominant point of view by failing to take critical perspectives seriously , if not overtly vilifying them .
True to the repressive tolerance of liberal pluralism , particular groups were consistently excluded from the conference .
There was almost no sustained discussion of race issues , particularly indigenous peoples ' issues , during the plenary sessions and very little during the seminars .
In a society underpinned by blatant racism , that is appalling .
Racism is not an optional extra for political analysis but must be continually woven within every single political discussion .
And white groups should never expect indigenous speakers to bother interacting with them unless a real commitment to engage with the oppression indigenous people face is displayed .
As was so powerfully described during the final plenary session , queer theory was also effectively excluded during the conference , not least by the display of homophobic imagery .
To defend the existence of such imagery by the ritual incantation of freedom of speech , the most fundamental of all liberal premises , fails to understand that images and speech are fundamental tools of oppression and that it makes a difference if a negative image is against an oppressed group or against a dominant social group .
Very few women spoke during plenary debates or seminars ( except at the seminar on feminism ) .
Women 's lack of confidence in public speaking is not because women are somehow naturally more passive or acquiescent , but because patriarchy teaches women to feel less confident in taking up public space and putting forward ideas .
This is not an individual problem but an institutional problem which has to be dealt with though institutional means , such as affirmative action on the speaking list .
On any conference panel , there should be at least one woman , if not an equal number or more women speaking .
If few women are interested in presenting papers , than that simply raises the question again of why is anarchism failing to attract the feminist movement which is phenomenally more powerful , articulate and active in Australia than any anarchist movement has ever been .
Anarchism 's Political Disengagement
But these overt forms of silencing aside , the most infuriating and extraordinary form of exclusion was the absolute refusal of the dominant voices at the conference to engage with critical perspectives .
Failing to engage with critical ideas is a refusal by the person or group criticised to take responsibility for the implications of the critique on their position .
It is the essence of repressive tolerance , in that a marginalised group may speak but will have no hope of changing the power structures of the dominant group for the dominant group are refusing to engage with their demands .
To make it crystal clear to anyone who has missed the basic point , women , indigenous peoples , peoples from non-English speaking backgrounds , lesbian women and gay men are all oppressed social groups , whether it be in an anarchist organisation or within a capitalist bureaucracy .
The word " anarchism " is not a magic wand that suddenly makes all people equal .
If anarchism wishes to become relevant to those groups and flourish as a political movement , rather than basically remaining the province of white , heterosexual men , then self scrutiny and critical engagement with analyses presented by those groups is essential .
The seminar on " Violence , Militarism and the State " , a seminar ostensibly on institutionalised violence , makes these points obvious .
I really would have thought that surely by now it was no longer contentious that women are by far the greatest targets for institutionalised physical violence , either in their daily lives or during military actions , with violence against indigenous women being by far the worst .
Violence against women is condoned by the huge percentage of men who commit it , by the law , by the police , by the media and by social norms .
A 1995 survey reveals that 30 % of people in Australia still think women " cry rape " .
That 's one third of the country .
That 's pretty institutionalised .
The fact that violence against women , which includes terrorism , beatings , kidnapping , false imprisonment , rape and murder , is not understood as the most prevalent form of torture is merely one sign of its institutionalised acceptance .
Despite this , however , there was almost no gender specific discussion at all during the " Violence , Militarism and the State " seminar ( I did n't hear any in fact , but apparently one of the speakers said something in the ten minutes I missed ) .
This extraordinary exclusion of violence against women renders the analysis during that seminar complicit with the perpetuation of such violence .
Failing to speak about the most prevalent form of institutionalised violence in this society undermines and makes invisible the centrality of violence against women and renders it merely an optional extra to discuss after " real " violence ( presumably by the " State " or the " military " ) has been considered .
As one of the seminar participants so aptly snapped at me : " [ T ] hat woman spoke about domestic violence yesterday .
I came to hear about anarchism " .
Although my comments on these issues were acknowledged by some of the seminar speakers as true , there was no attempt at all to engage their analysis with what I had said .
It was simply yet another interesting point about violence .
But placing violence against women in the equation of violence , militarism and the State fundamentally changes any political analysis of these issues .
For a start , one can no longer name the enemy only as a nebulous concept of the State or military institutions - one has to start pointing the finger at men .
And that does not mean that men are not socially constructed and that the military industrial complex or the multifaceted State do not perpetuate the norms which permit violence against women .
But it does mean that men as a group have to start taking responsibility for men's violence ( including talking about it in seminars ) and devising ways to stop it .
Traditional anarchism 's analysis of State power and the police will also be forced to shift if violence against women is seriously considered .
Do anarchists support women turning to the police or State funded refuges when they are escaping violence by men ?
Some anarchist traditions are also committed to the principle of non-violence , within the analysis that violent means produce violent ends .
Does that mean that self - defence by a woman against a violent man is " unanarchist " ?
All these issues could have and should have been teased out and considered for they will fundamentally affect definitions of anarchist political theory .
They are not merely " interesting views " and if they continue to be seen as such , anarchism will remain basically irrelevant to half of society .
Anarchism without feminism is a partial , crippled and ultimately oppressive tradition .
However , I still feel hopeful enough to say that there are many principles within both feminism and anarchism from which both theories could learn and develop .
But any relationship between these two emancipatory frameworks cannot be assumed : it must be forged within concrete political struggle and rigorous political debate .
Empty gestures towards nebulous concepts of individualistic freedom totally miss the point .
I look forward , tentatively , to a politics of engagement .
After a two - year battle with Charles Schwab & Co. , San Francisco comedian Tissa Hami finally has something to smile about .
Last week , a financial arbitration panel awarded her $ 9,356 , plus interest and fees , almost making up for her losses when the Schwab fund she had been assured was safe went kaput in 2008 .
" I 'm thrilled with the result , but I do n't think I 've conveyed how miserable they made my life , " said the Iranian - born Hami .
It also marks another victory for the USFInvestor Justice Clinic , which goes to bat for aggrieved small investors , like Hami , that private attorneys , looking for fatter payouts , are disinclined to represent .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" It 's a big problem for anyone who loses money under $ 100,000 " in questionable investment schemes , said the clinic 's director , Robert Talbot , a University of San Francisco law professor .
Since its inception nine years ago , when Enron was all over the news , the clinic , funded by USF 's law school and outside grants , has clawed back close to $ 800,000 for its clients , all free of charge .
Small potatoes , perhaps , but important enough for people who can't afford to lose them .
" We 'll handle cases as low as $ 1,000 , " Talbot said .
" We look to help anybody who ca n't get a lawyer . "
' For people like you ' : Hami's case is one of dozens referred to the project by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , an independent agency that runs an arbitration system better suited to handle cases like Hami's .
Hami , 36 , who describes herself as " absolutely not a risk taker , " says she was persuaded by an insistent Schwab broker to invest the money she been depositing with Schwab for 10 years into a fund she said the broker guaranteed was " for people like you , conservative .
Safe as a money market , with a slightly higher return . "
Returning from her aunt 's funeral in Iran in March 2008 , she opened her latest Schwab statement to discover she was down $ 13,000 .
" I thought it was a typo .
I could n't believe what I was seeing .
I could n't believe my money was gone . "
What Hami now knows was that her money had been put in Schwab 's infamous $ 13 billion Yield Plus fund - backed , unbeknownst to most investors , by hinky mortgage - backed securities - which melted down when the financial markets collapsed .
' Fought tooth and nail ' : As of August 2009 , Schwab had paid out
$ 21 million in client claims and arbitration awards involving its Yield Plus bond fund .
It also faces a consolidated class - action suit led by the Berkeley office of Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro LLP .
The suit is scheduled for a summary judgment hearing this week in federal court in San Francisco .
On Friday , the SEC filed a friend of the court brief on behalf of the plaintiffs .
David Weiskopf , a Schwab spokesman , did not comment on the Hami case , but said the company " has won over half of the cases that have gone to arbitration so far , including 10 out of the last 12 . "
He added that " in 29 Yield Plus cases , arbitration panels have awarded zero damages to plaintiffs , and in only six have plaintiffs been awarded the amount they requested . "
Weiskopf said the suits filed against Schwab " are completely without merit " and that the company " continues to defend itself vigorously in court . "
Talbot , who said Schwab " fought tooth and nail " in the Hami case , has two more Schwab cases on his docket , which he said " involve the same product and the same misleading broker pitch . "
Meanwhile , he and his students at the project have plenty of other cases , primarily involving elderly investors , who are misled , or not told , about the " unsuitability " - as defined by FINRA - of the investments into which they are being put .
Biggest " Beware " sign these days , says Talbot : variable annuities .
Hami , listed in last Sunday 's Chronicle as one of the top female comedians in the country ( although she is n't making much more annually than the settlement she got ) is not sure if she 'll work her experience with Schwab into her act .
( www.tissahami.com)
" We 'll see .
We 'll see . "
-- For more information on the Investor Justice Clinic and its services , go to sfgate.com / ZJKB .
The switch from ‘ scepticism ’ to an overtly anti-science , and anti-scientist , position has paid some dividends for the advocates of delusional views on climate change .
Although the only wrongdoing in the CRU harassment / hacking campaign was that of the hackers and their allies ( more on this soon ) , the false charges of scientific fraud got much more media attention than their refutation , and the early responses to alleged FOI breaches ( including that of some pro-science writers such as George Monbiot ) failed to recognise of the deliberately vexatious misuse of FOI by the anti-science group .
In this context , the discovery of a genuine error in the 1700 page IPCC Fourth Assessment Report regarding projected changes in glaciers could easily be spun into something much bigger .
It seemed for a little while as if the delusionists had scored another win , when Phil Jones , the scientist who has been most viciously target by the hackers / harassers gave an honest answer to a deliberately loaded question prepared by them and put to him in a BBC interview
BBC : Do you agree that from 1995 to the present there has been no statistically - significant global warming ?
Phil Jones :
Yes , but only just .
I also calculated the trend for the period 1995 to 2009 .
This trend ( 0.12C per decade ) is positive , but not significant at the 95 % significance level .
The positive trend is quite close to the significance level .
Achieving statistical significance in scientific terms is much more likely for longer periods , and much less likely for shorter periods …
This was headlined by the Daily Mail as “ Climategate U - turn as scientist at centre of row admits :
There has been no global warming since 1995 ?.
But , now it looks as if this is starting to backfire .
Anyone who has successfully completed a basic course in statistics knows that “ statistically significant ” has a special meaning which bears almost no relationship to the usual sense of the term “ significant ” , and this fact is beginning to sink in .
The statement “ there has no statistically significant warming since 1995 ” can better be stated as “ if we ignore all the data before 1995 , we do n’t have enough data points to reject , with 95 per cent confidence [ 1 ] , the hypothesis that the observed warming since 1995 has been due to chance variation ” .
That is n’t true if you replace 1995 with 1994 or any earlier date going back to 1970 .
It ’s clear that those who dreamed up this talking point knew enough stats to realise that they were being deliberately deceptive , and that ignorant “ sceptics ” would read the statement as saying “ no significant warming since 1995 ” .
They were right and the talking point ran through the delusionist commentariat and blogosphere at record speed .
The only problem is that such an obvious lie can be , and has been called out , and is essentially impossible to defend , except by an admission of culpable ignorance or gullibility .
Here ’s The Economist ( not exactly zealous on climate change ) responding to the original Daily Mail article ( h/t Tim Lambert )
This led to a Daily Mail headline reading : “ Climategate U - turn as scientist at centre of row admits :
There has been no global warming since 1995 . ”
Since I ’ve advocated a more explicit use of the word “ lie ” , I ’ll go ahead and follow my own advice : that Daily Mail headline is a lie .
Phil Jones did not say there had been no global warming since 1995 ; he said the opposite .
He said the world had been warming at 0.12 °C per decade since 1995 .
However , over that time frame , he could not quite rule out at the traditional 95 % confidence level that the warming since 1995 had not been a random fluke .
Anyone who has even a passing high - school familiarity with statistics should understand the difference between these two statements .
And here ’s Brad DeLong skewering Russ Roberts as the lyingest economist alive , then downgrading the charge to one of reckless gullibility when it became clear that Roberts had relied on a Daily Mail headline , thereby making a complete fool of himself .
Looking at the responses of ‘ sceptics ’ to this episode we can distinguish four or five sets ( depending on your views about set theory )
1 . Those who originally designed the “ no significant warming ” talking point .
Members of this set are deliberate liars playing on the ignorance and gullibility of their target audience .
As far as I can tell , the first to put this line forward was Richard Lindzen of MIT , who put it up in early 2008 , tied to the cherry picking “ no warming since 1998 ” claim ( see here ) .
Lindzen certainly has the training to know how dishonest this is .
More recently , it ’s been pushed by Lord Monckton and others , who may perhaps fall into set 2 .
2 . Those who quoted the question and answer , and took “ not statistically significant ” to mean “ insignificant ” .
Members of this set have demonstrated , first that they do n’t know basic statistics and second that , despite claiming to “ make up their own minds ” about climate science , they have n’t bothered to acquire even the most basic knowledge necessary to such a task .
At a minimum , members of this group are lying to themselves , in the same manner as other exemplars of the Dunning - Kruger effect
3 . Those who relied either on the Daily Mail headline , or on the second - hand versions propagated by members of set 2 .
Members of this set have demonstrated both a high level of gullibility and ignorance of the basic data on climate change , which clearly shows a substantial increase in temperatures since 1995 ( whether or not this is statistically significant ) .
Again , they are lying to themselves if they think of what they are doing as “ making up their own mind ” .
Here ’s
a graph of the data .
4 . Those who recognised the dishonesty of the Daily Mail line , but stayed silent out of loyalty .
As far as I can tell , most of those on the delusionist side with even basic statistical knowledge ( McIntyre , McKitrick and Wegman for example ) have kept quiet , in McIntyre ’s case linking to the BBC interview without comment and letting his audience draw the necessary silly inferences .
If anything remotely comparable had been put forward by a supporter of mainstream science , they would have been all over it .
5 . Those genuine sceptics who pointed out the dishonesty of the claim , and called out those on their own side of the debate who promoted it .
Obviously , members of this set deserve some serious respect and attention in the future .
Unfortunately , the intersection between this set and the set of “ sceptics ” in the currently prevailing sense appears to be the empty set [
2 ]
So , a challenge to those who think there is a debate to be had here , as opposed to a series of silly talking points to be whacked down with greater or lesser success .
Can you
A. Provide a coherent defence of the “ no statistically significant warming since 1995 ” claim .
To limit trollery , this should begin with a statement , in your own words , of the basic hypothesis testing framework in which this concept arises ?
; or
B. Give an argument as to why anyone should pay any attention to those on the “ sceptical ” side who have formulated this claim , propagated it in some form or another , or allowed it to pass without comment ?
I will award grades to the responses .
Diversions to other talking points , general delusionist rants and so on will be deleted .
fn1 . “ Reject with 95 per cent confidence ” also has a special meaning , subtly different from “ reject with 95 per cent probability of being right ” , but the difference does n’t matter much in the current context
fn2 . Corrections on this point will be gratefully accepted and prominently publicised .
John Stossel did a piece on Fox Business Channel about what a libertarian actually is :
Laugh of the day was the guy who thought a libertarian was “ a librarian who takes liberties . ”
Something noted on the cars over the opening race of the year was the presence of matt black aero components on the cars .
Not carbon fibre and not metal , the tell tale surface finish shows that teams are using parts manufactured in special resin produced in 3D printers via the technique of rapid prototyping .
For some years Stereo Lithography ( SLS ) has been used at the factories to make parts for wind tunnel models , casting moulds and mechanical mock ups .
SLS is the process of making a 3D part by solidifying a liquid or powdered resin , one a layer at a time .
Even though hundreds of layers are required to make a single component , the process is now more commonly termed rapid prototyping ( RP ) .
This creates a solid 3D part often made with with a distinctive orangey coloured resin .
By taking the data from the teams CAD systems , RP allows parts to created accurately rapidly and also to a chosen scale .
All without recourse to other machining or hand working .
While this technology is commonly seen at the factory , the results had not been seen out on track as the resins were incapable of withstanding the stresses of mechanical , aero or thermal loads .
Subsequent development of better materials has now allowed the teams to go from 3D CAD data direct to finished parts on the car .
This short cuts the existing process to make parts from patterns , moulds and finally the laying up of carbon fibre .
Reducing the lead time for a component from weeks to hours .
Additionally the ability of RP to replicate the exact shape and thickness of the part as it was designed allowed designers and production engineers to create even more complex surfaces and wall thicknesses not easily created with carbon lay ups .
Details such as wall thickness tapering into sharp edges and corners .
As result a RP component can open avenues to designers not easily accessible with conventional manufacturing techniques .
Teams are increasingly using RP ( rapid prototyping ) materials on the race car itself .
Most commonly for the complex front brake duct scoops .
I picked up on this when Red Bull first used them in 2006 .
In Bahrain 2010 several teams had the distinctive looking matt black ducts bolted to the front of their cars .
Although the duct is not a highly stressed part , it does have to meet the airflow head on and is placed relatively near the front brakes , so when the car is at rest the heat will soon pass through to the duct .
thus the component does suffer some stress and heat .
Red Bull using the Windform XT RP material ( Windform.it ) are able to engineer a duct that copes with both the heat and loads seen by these components .
Windform XT is Carbon filled PA resin , which is not as strong as carbon fibre , so it does not suit all structural parts .
Previously the Red Bull used RP materials with an alumised coating to provide thermal protection , the more durable XT material alleviates the need for this secondary process , further enforcing the “ rapid ” element of RP .
Lotus also appear to have used RP parts within their rear wing .
On the rear wing endplate the stack of louvers were not moulded into the carbon fibre , but rather made from RP material and bonded into the endplate .
This is the first evidence I ’ve seen of RPM being bonded to a carbon part .
The benefit that the profiles and edges can be far sharper in RP than Carbon fibre .
http://www.3dsystems.com/appsolutions/casestudies/pdf/CS_Jordan_Motorsports.pdf
http://www.3dsystems.com/appsolutions/casestudies/pdf/CS_Minardi_Motorsports.pdf
http://www.3dsystems.com/appsolutions/casestudies/pdf/CS_RenaultF1.pdf
When men are under stress , instead of preferring women who resemble themselves as they normally do , they choose dissimilar women , researchers now find .
Scientists in Germany and their colleagues had 50 men look at 30 pictures of erotic female nudes .
These photos were computer - modified so their faces subtly resembled either the volunteer in question or another volunteer .
All the men in question were white , clean - shaven heterosexual university students of normal weight without facial tattoos or piercings , and none of the men recognized the erotica had been computer - modified or resembled them .
Before the volunteers looked at the nude pictures , they put their hands in either comfortable body - temperature water or painfully cold water .
Tests of heart rate and blood pressure , as well as of saliva to check for the stress hormone cortisol , all confirmed the cold water stressed the men while the warm water did not .
When the volunteers looked at the erotica , relaxed men found nudes whose faces resembled them more pleasant .
Stress , on the other hand , made the men reverse their preferences .
Humans of both sexes usually prefer mates that resemble themselves , with previous studies suggesting people find mates with faces that resembled theirs more trustworthy , and that men looked for trustworthiness in long - term relationships .
Other past research found men look for mates who look like mom , while women prefer men who look like dad .
However , stress could alter mating preferences , according to past research in mice and flies and , now , in humans as well .
When times are dangerous , the researchers conjectured men might not want women too similar to them , as inbreeding might lead to offspring not genetically diverse enough to deal with the varying circumstances that a risky and stressful environment might impose on them .
" Chronic stress is an important issue in today 's society , " said researcher Johanna Lass - Hennemann , a psychobiologist now at the University of Saarland in Germany .
" In future studies , I would like to investigate the effects of chronic stress on our mating preferences and to do this in men and women . "
The scientists detailed their findings online March 10 in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
Time
Israel 's Defense Line : Her Friends and Foes in Washington
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The writer is a consultant on public affairs and served as a seniorIsraeli diplomat in Washington .
He serves as the strategic advisor tothe Jerusalem Conference .
He blogs at www.lennybendavid.com
In January , President Barack Obama granted an interview tomagazine to mark his first year in office .
In discussing the Middle East peace process Obama admitted , " … the Middle East peace process has not moved forward .
And I think it 's fair to say for all of our efforts at early engagement , it is not where I want it to be .
I 'll be honest with you .
This is just really hard .
" This was hardly news in Israel .
In the US , the similar response is " Well , duh . "
Yes , making peace in the Middle East is really hard , but Obama 's frustration may actually reflect a historical and almost predictable truism about American Middle East policy in the first year of a president 's term .
The following is an excerpt from Si Kenen 's book .
Kenen , my mentor , was the founder of AIPAC .
He wrote in 1981 : " During the first year of a new presidential term , the petro-diplomatic complex invariably pressures the incoming administration to downgrade Israel and to court Arab friendship .
That has been true in every first year except 1965 , when Lyndon Johnson was beyond Arab reach .
After the election , dust settles on the [ parties ' pro-Israel political ] platforms and Israel 's foes use inoffensive euphemisms to urge Washington to be ' more impartial , more evenhanded .
'" Historians can verify Kenen 's formula .
Look at Dwight D. Eisenhower 's pressure on Israel to withdraw from the Sinai in 1957 , when he threatened to block contributions from American Jewish organizations to Israel .
The administration tried to divide the Jews of America with secretary of state John Foster Dulles inviting a group of major Jewish philanthropists , including leading non-Zionists , to use their influence to persuade Israel to accept the US position .
Jimmy Carter 's term is another classic proof , with him pushing in his first year for a " comprehensive settlement " with all the parties to the conflict , including the Soviet Union .
None other than Egypt's Anwar Sadat saw the folly of such a policy , and he and Israel 's Menachem Begin succeeded in securing the Egyptian - Israeli peace treaty , despite Carter 's initial objections .
Carter went on to accuse Begin of lying on the issue of freezing settlement construction , claiming that it was to be an indefinite freeze .
There are three sources to refute Carter 's claim : 1. Sadat himself .
2. Notes / protocols from Camp David .3 . Members of Carter 's staff .
They all backed Begin 's claim that the freeze was to be for a duration of no more than three months .
EISENHOWER admitted years later that he was mistaken for pressuring Israel .
In 1965 he told his friend and Jewish leader Max Fisher , " ... looking back at Suez , I regret what I did .
I never should have pressed Israel to evacuate the Sinai . "
What was the reason for the regret ?
First , perhaps he recognized that with the US making the maximalist demands on Israel , the Arab states had no reason to make any concessions in the peace process .
Why should they ?
Today , why would Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas be willing to demand anything less on the settlement issue than what Obama demanded just months ago - a full freeze in the West Bank and Jerusalem ?
I believe Eisenhower also realized that the withdrawal would lead to war , something we in Israel learned the hard way after the disengagement from Gaza in 2005 .
Neither withdrawal was secured by negotiations with iron - clad guarantees or a change in the uncompromising hatred of Israel - in the 1950s and '60s it was Gamal Abdul Nasser 's hatred that led to the 1967 war ; in the last few years it was Hamas 's hate that led to Operation Cast Lead .
Indeed , Obama 's recent recognition that there is no quick fix for the Middle East conflict may be what we call in Jewish tradition , " reishit hochma , " the beginning of wisdom .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton repeated it February 14 at the US - Islamic World Forum in Doha .
" This is hard work , " she said .
" I know people are disappointed that we have not yet achieved a breakthrough .
The president , Senator Mitchell and I are also disappointed .
But we must remember that neither the United States nor any country can force a solution .
" The administration , as it starts Year Two , has also apparently learned that the linkage of Iran to the Israeli - Palestinian negotiations was a recipe for disaster .
Half a year ago , a senior White House official reportedly declared , " Any treatment of the Iranian nuclear problem will be contingent upon progress in the negotiations and an Israeli withdrawal from West Bank territory . "
What a victory for Ahmadinejad was inherent in that alleged statement .
Since then we 've come some way toward that " reishit hochma , " theknowledge that there is no quick fix , and Israel 's neighbors should payattention to the messages now coming from Washington .
Sen .
John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a close ally ofthe Obama administration , also spoke at the US - Islamic World Forum lastweek where he banished the utopian Pollyannish vision of theadministration 's first year : " Peace alone will not solve all theregion 's problems , " Kerry said .
" Ask yourselves :
If peace weredelivered tomorrow , would it meet the job needs of the entire region ?
How many more children would it send to school ?
Who really believesthat Iran would suddenly abandon its nuclear ambitions ?
So we know that Israel / Palestine is central , but we must develop a much more practicalpartnership that extends well beyond regional conflicts .
" With this more realistic attitude toward the region , there is reasonfor some optimism as the US and Israeli leadership begin their secondyear in office .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " I think I died .
Am I in heaven or hell ? "
Raj says , " You 're in Helvin .
My name is Raj . "
Raj says , " Heaven and hell have been outsourcing souls to us since the demons and angels unionized . "
The Boss says , " So ? is this place good or bad ? "
Raj says , " Well , you get a harp , but you wo n't like how we give it to you . "
More than three in four ( 77 % ) of the public would vote via the internet in the general election if given the choice , according to a survey .
Some 1,000 people were asked for their views on the use of social media in politics .
Other findings :
24 % thought Twitter was an essential communication tool in a democracy
27 % would be encouraged to vote for an MP if contacted by one on social networking sites although 48 % who would not
30 % would go online if they wanted to donate cash to a political party while 12 % would use the phone
One in six thought Moe Szyslak , the grumpy barman from The Simpsons , was a political blogger
27 % successfully identified Guido Fawkes
13 % admitted having an MP as a friend on Facebook
Eb Adeyeri , digital PR director at Lewis Communications , which carried out the survey , said , " Many commentators believe this will be the UK 's first internet election with politicians exploiting channels , such as Facebook and Twitter , to convey their message .
" Online campaigns are measurable ; are a great way to engage people in real - time ; and are clearly going to feature prominently in this election .
With more than half of respondents visiting political websites and three - quarters expressing an interest in voting online , it is imperative that parties recognise and build on this interest .
" However , there are rules that the parties need to follow if they are to successfully engage with the electorate using social media .
A badly - focused social media campaign could do more harm than good as Gordon Brown discovered with his infamous YouTube appearance . "
Details buried in the annual accounts show that the bank made a £ 371 m profit last year from closing its UK final salary scheme to existing members .
After a £ 150 m " voluntary " top - up to help clear the deficit , the net profit from the move was £ 221 m .
The figure is almost exactly equivalent to the £ 225 m bonus tax paid to cover the £ 2.2bn of awards to its 23,200 Barclays Capital staff .
‘ Did you just use the word smart ? ’
Memorable moments from Tuesday 's presidential debate
But Mr. Hawkins and others say that even those outlays are almost insignificant compared with the problems they are supposed to fix .
An E.P.A. study last year estimated that $ 335 billion would be needed simply to maintain the nation ’s tap water systems in coming decades .
In states like New York , officials estimate that $ 36 billion is needed in the next 20 years just for municipal wastewater systems .
Image Mr. Hawkins 's goal is to replace , within the next century , the pipes that were installed in Washington a hundred years ago .
Credit ... Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
As these discussions unfold , particular attention is being paid to Mr. Hawkins .
Washington ’s water and sewer system serves the White House , many members of Congress , and two million other residents , and so it surprised some when Mr. Hawkins was hired to head the agency last September , since he did not have an engineering background or the résumé of a utility chief .
In fact , after he had graduated from Harvard Law School in 1987 , he spent a few years helping companies apply for permits to pollute rivers and lakes .
( At night — without his firm ’s knowledge — he had a second career as a professional break dancer .
He met his wife , a nurse , when he fell off a platform at a dance club and landed on his head . )
But he quickly became disenchanted with corporate law .
He moved to the E.P.A. , where he fought polluters , and then the White House , and eventually relocated his family to a farm in New Jersey where they shoveled the manure of 35 sheep and kept watch over 175 chickens , and Mr. Hawkins began running a series of environmental groups .
The mayor of Washington , Adrian M. Fenty , asked Mr. Hawkins to move to the city in 2007 to lead the Department of the Environment .
He quickly became a prominent figure , admired for his ability to communicate with residents and lawmakers .
When the Water and Sewer Authority needed a new leader , board members wanted someone familiar with public relations campaigns .
Mr. Hawkins ’s mandate was to persuade residents to pay for updating the city ’s antiquated pipes .
At a meeting with board members last month , Mr. Hawkins pitched his radical solution .
Clad in an agency uniform — his name on the breast and creases indicating it had been recently unfolded for the first time — Mr. Hawkins suggested raising water rates for the average resident by almost 17 percent , to about $ 60 a month per household .
Over the coming six years , that rate would rise above $ 100 .
With that additional money , Mr. Hawkins argued , the city could replace all of its pipes in 100 years .
The previous budget would have replaced them in three centuries .
Whenever you see a Slutty Girl and a Redneck having sex in the woods where a Scary Monster is lurking , you know something bad is about to happen .
Add a Naughty Santa 's Helper outfit , and you 've got Maximum Wrongness .
NSFW ?
This scene , from Search For The Beast , is just disturbing on so many levels .
Let 's start with the obvious " slutty girl does n't notice that a monster has killed her boyfriend in the middle of sex " joke .
And then the fact that during the " scary " part , when the monster has taken over from the boyfriend , the girl can't stop giggling at the silliness of it all .
( I think the video gets cut off early , but when the scene fades to black , you hear more porno ecstatic moans dubbed in for no reason . )
It 's hard to understate the rampant wrongness of this clip — it 's even worse than Ape Canyon .
Why did n't we include it in our round - up of scary sex scenes ?
Bigfoot : North America's Greatest Lover [ NSFW ]
All the Bigfoot mania today just was n't quite enough , so we bring you the ultimate statement in …
Read more
Advertisement
It is fashionable to look at the relative dearth in recent bankruptcy activity and declare an end to the financial crisis 's restructuring wave .
Not so fast , if you ask distressed - debt investors .
One of them , Michael Tennenbaum , of Tennebaum Capital Partners , is bullish , so to speak , on distressed opportunities over the next few years .
The reasons : lending is still constricted , a tsunami of debt maturities lurks and recent deals from the crazed high - yield bond market are unsustainable .
Many ...
Note
Here the long story :
Code : FOREGROUND_APP : // This is the process running the current foreground app .
We 'd really // rather not kill it !
Value set in system / rootdir / init.rc on startup .
VISIBLE_APP : // This is a process only hosting activities that are visible to the // user , so we 'd prefer they do n't disappear .
Value set in // system / rootdir / init.rc on startup .
SECONDARY_SERVER : // This is a process holding a secondary server -- killing it will not // have much of an impact as far as the user is concerned .
Value set in // system / rootdir / init.rc on startup .
HIDDEN_APP : // This is a process only hosting activities that are not visible , // so it can be killed without any disruption .
Value set in // system / rootdir / init.rc on startup .
CONTENT_PROVIDER : // This is a process with a content provider that does not have any clients // attached to it .
If it did have any clients , its adjustment would be the // one for the highest - priority of those processes .
EMPTY_APP : // This is a process without anything currently running in it .
Definitely // the first to go !
Value set in system / rootdir / init.rc on startup .
//
This value is initalized in the constructor , careful when refering to // this static variable externally .
Fortunately , it is possible to configure the lowmemorykiller at runtime !
Code : # cat /sys / module/lowmemorykiller / parameters / minfree
Code : 1536,2048,4096,5120,5632,6144
Code : # echo " 1536,2048,4096,5120,15360,23040 " > /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree
Code : echo " 1536,3072,4096,21000,23000,25000 " > /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree
Hi !
I just was curious if already someone tried to play around with Android 's internal low - memory task killer .
We all know that Android uses a different way of handling processes .
Instead of killing every process after its Activity ended , processes are kept until the system needs more memory .
These processes usually should not harm the overall performance and should give speed improvements if you start an Activity again .
That 's the idea .
But when does Android kill a process ?
And which process ?
As far as I understood android keeps a LRU ( last recently used ) list and starts killing the oldest unneeded process .
This way it is much smarter than any of the taskkillers we see in the Market .
Just for curiosity I started to investigate how this mechanism works .
Please correct me if you think that I got something wrong : ActivityManagerService.java tracks the " importance " of processes ( is foreground , is running a service , ..) and reflects this importance by setting the " oom_adj " value of the process .
It seems that on Android the current forefround application gets an oom_adj value of 0 and as soon it 's not visible anymore it gets some higher value .
I assume the concrete value is dependent by the processes ' place in the LRU list .
The out - of - memory killer in the standard Linux kernel only runs in one situation : when the available memory is critical low .
However in the Android Linux kernel there is implemented a more fine - grained handling of low memory situations .
I found the kernel source file " " ( located in the kernel source tree under " drivers / misc / " ; or look here for GIT source tree : http://tinyurl.com/lowmemkiller ) .
This module seems to be more configurable than the kernel 's standard out - of - memory killer as you can define more than one memory limit , when it should get active and you can tell it which oom_adj values it may kill .
In other words : You can say " So it 's possible to define multiple memory criterias and matching processes which can be killed in these situations .
Android seems to group running processes into 6 different categories ( comments taken out of " ActivityManagerServer. java " ) :
These 6 categories are reflected by 6 memory limits which are configured for the lowmemorykiller in the kernel .
( But only if you are root ) .
The configuration is set in the file : " /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree
" So if you want to see the current settings , you can do : This should produce output like this ( or similiar ) : These values are the 6 memory limits on which Anedroid starts to kill processes of one of the 6 categories above .
Be careful , the !!
1 page = 4 kilobyte .
So the example above says that Anddroid starts killing EMPTY_APP processes if available memory goes below 24MB ( =6144*4/1024 ) .
And it starts to kill unused CONTENT_PROVIDERs if available memory goes below 22MB ( =5632*4/1024 ) .
So if you want to try if your Hero goes faster when fewer processes are running you can try to adjust these settings .
For example if you practically do not want any empty processes you can set the corresponding value very high .
For example , you can set the values like this :
This example will tell Android to kill unused Content providers if less then 60MB is available and kill empty processes if available memory goes below 90 MB .
All other processes will stay untouched !
Do you see the advantage compared to process killers ?
One word about durabilty :
If you change the settings like this , they are .
They will be gone after the next restart of your phone .
So you can try to play around a little bit .
Please share your results if you find some improvements !
To make this settings survive also reboots you need to somehow set this at startup .
I am running Modaco 's custom rom and added the command to the startup script / system / init.d/ ramzswap.sh , but there may be other ways to do this .
Currently I also disabled compcache on my Hero and set the lowmemkiller very aggressive , as it seems to me that this makes my hero very responsive .
So these are my ( current ) settings : ( and compcache disabled ) But play around ..
I am glad about any feedback .
Please also give feedback if I am wrong or missed something !
Thx !
[ H/t Heather ]
One of the key points President Obama made in his back - and - forth with House Republicans seems to be really sticking in the craw of the right - wing pundit class :
Obama : I mean , the fact of the matter is that many of you , if you voted with the administration on something , are politically vulnerable in your home base , in your own party .
You 've given yourselves very little room to work in a bipartisan fashion , because what you 've been telling your constituents is .
' This guy 's doin ' all kinds of crazy stuff that 's going to destroy America ! '
Bill Kristol , yesterday on Fox News Sunday :
Kristol : First of all , I agree with the president .
I think he 's been doing all kinds of crazy stuff that risks destroying America .
But the good news is , a lot of it 's been stopped .
Of course , he 's not actually agreeing with the President -- but he certainly is proving his point , is n't he ?
Indeed , it points up that it is n't just Republican congressmen telling their constituents that Obama is a radical black Marxist / fascist / nihilist out to destroy America .
It 's the entire right - wing pundit class -- most of all , nearly the entirety of Fox News and its talkers .
If anything , the congresscritters are just taking their cues from Fox and aping the talking points that flow out of the fetid imaginations of people like Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity and Bill Kristol .
And as long as that 's the case , well , we wish the president lotsa luck in getting Republican Congressmen to behave any differently .
Google unveiled a souped - up version of Google Docs to some 400 CIOs at its Mountain View , Calif .
headquarters this week .
The snappier version of its cloud - based software was revealed at a day - long event Monday , titled " Google Atmosphere 2010 . "
Several Google executives touted how Google Docs performs faster and offers , at least for the moment , more collaborative bells and whistles than its competitors .
That includes the capacity for up to 50 people to work on the same document at the same time , and a complete revamping of the underlying code .
Microsoft and IBM quickly stepped forward to downplay the search giant ''s attempts to get a leg up in what promises to be a hot - and - heavy competition in coming months : the race to get corporate IT buyers to embrace " cloud computing . "
Using the Internet to access nifty software programs residing on distant computer servers is nothing new .
But Microsoft , IBM , Cisco and Google want corporations to use the hosted programs they supply to do more collaborative work projects in the Internet cloud .
A recent Forrester survey shows 87 % of corporate employees use email , while 79 % use word processing and 71 % use spreadsheets .
But only 24 % use web conferencing tools and just 20 % use document - sharing web sites available to them .
" The problem is people work on teams whose members are n't in the same location , so the opportunity is to build better Web - based tools to do that distributed work , " says Ted Schadler , a Forrester tech industry analyst .
" This is about giving corporate employees and their business partners a way to go find the thing you 're working on without having to tunnel through firewalls . "
For Microsoft , IBM , Cisco and Google , wider use of cloud computing in the workplace could generate billions in subscription revenues .
But the tech giants need to get corporate IT buyers to ante up for hosted services that make it easier for workers and partners to share work documents and use web - based video and audio communication systems .
Schadler says Google , for now , lacks the software resellers , legal staff and policy management expertise to deliver a complex online subscription service on a large scale to big corporations .
" It 's Microsoft 's game to lose , but Google made a lot of improvement and today they showed that they do want to go after this business , " says Schader .
Clint Patterson , a senior director in the Microsoft Business Division , says that less than a million people " are paying to use Google in the enterprise , " compared to 40 million users of Microsoft 's online tools .
" Google is just now adding the type of functionality most people want and most businesses require , " says Patterson .
" It takes more than souped - up features to win businesses . "
Microsoft hopes to up the ante when it rolls out Office 2010 to corporate users next month in New York City .
Brimming with collaboration features designed to work with Microsoft SharePoint servers , the beta version of Office 2010 has been tried by a record 6 million users .
" Large corporations are going to the cloud with Microsoft , " predicts Chris Capossela , senior vice president of Microsoft Business Division .
" Google has no track record in the enterprise , whereas we 've earned our stripes in the enterprise . "
IBM spokesman Michael Azzi pointed to recent outages of Google hosted services as evidence that the search giant has a long way to go to prove it can supply such services reliably to corporate customers .
" Google is taking the same technology they 've made ubiquitous for free to consumers and just put a price tag on it to sell to businesses , " contends Azzi .
For its part , IBM recently integrated Salesforce.com 's customer relationship management services and Skype 's Internet phone service directly into LotusLive ; it plans to similarly add UPS 's online shipping service in coming months .
" We 'll do more partner solutions when it makes sense to do , " says Bethann Cregg , LotusLive marketing director .
By Byron Acohido
You can reveal the current directory with the command :
: pwd
To change the working directory for the current tab , use the command :
:cd
Note that both : pwd and :cd commands are native to Vim .
You can call the equivalent commands for your shell by running :! pwd or :!cd .
Further reading
Want more Just South of North ?
Subscribe to our newsletter and we 'll keep you updated on pretty much everything that is AWESOME .
Enter your email address :
Debt Settlement
If you fell behind or feel you will fall behind making the minimum payments to your creditors , your financial hardship may qualify you for our Debt Settlement service .
Debt settlement is known as the practice of ‘ debt forgiveness ’ , which has grown in popularity after the mortgage lending crisis .
Banks hate bankruptcy , which is why each year , they settle billions of dollars of unpaid consumer debts .
Debt Free League positions our customers to take advantage of this unique opportunity utilizing a bankruptcy alternative that can help you minimize creditor harassment and create a ‘ win - win ’ solution with creditors .
Our debt settlement process allows you to get out of debt within your budget and creditors to recover money they might lose if you declared bankruptcy .
Medical Debt Success Story
Debt Negotiation and Settlement Process
When you hire us to settle your debts , we negotiate with your creditors to convince them to forgive a large portion of what you owe .
Upon negotiating a favorable debt settlement on your behalf , for your protection , we get the creditor to send you a written settlement offer , which includes the terms of the settlement and the amount money you will save on the actual debt .
Generally , the creditor will request a lump - sum payment and in special circumstances , they may accept several monthly payments to satisfy the settlement .
Your Money is Secure
Depending on your budget , we customize for you a manageable savings plan for you to save up the settlement funds needed to repay your debts .
As a safeguard , your savings is maintained in a personal , dedicated FDIC - insured savings account that you manage and control .
This way your money is secure and you can readily disburse funds from your savings account to satisfy future settlements .
As you continue to save , we continue negotiating your debts , settling one account at a time , until you are 100 % debt - free .
How Much You Can Save
Unlike debt consolidation or a debt management plan , our debt relief process no only reduces interest rates .
It is intended to produce for you a major substantial debt reduction on both principal and interest charges .
Our customers conveniently make a low monthly payment that is spread out over a 12 - 48 month term and generally save thousands of dollars with an average savings of 60 % on the entire debt .
For example , on a balance of $ 30,000 , the general forgiven amount is $ 18,000 ( 60 % ) and the general settlement amount is $ 12,000 ( 40 % ) .
READ SUCCESS STORIES :
Medical Business Debt
More Success Stories
Debt Settlement Examples
Debt Settlement Questions ?
CALL : ( 800 ) 380-4094
Hablamos Español
Mian Abdul Qayum .
By Farooq Tariq
On April 10 , 2010 , Mian Abdul Qayum , a labour leader in Faisalabad , submitted his nomination papers as candidate for the Punjab Assembly constituency 63 by - election on May 15 .
The other candidates are from the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) , the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz ( PMLN ) and the National Muslim League .
We need your support to contest this by - election .
The seat was declared vacant when Mian Asif Ajmal resigned after , during a Supreme Court hearing , it became clear he has submitted bogus degrees to the election commission in 2008 to prove that he is a graduate .
Asif Ajmal is an industrialist and owner of a textile factory .
He was arrested by police in 2008 after he and his goons fired on workers of his textile factory when they were demanding wage increases and union rights .
One worker was killed and more than a dozen seriously injured .
He spent nearly one and half months in jail at but was released using his political influence among police and courts .
He was elected in the February 2008 election , nominated by the Pakistan Muslim League Q , he later joined PMLN .
Mian Nawaz Sharif has nominated Asif Ajaml to contest this seat on the ticket of the PMLN , a party that claims to defend democratic traditions and the fight for an independent judiciary .
The Pakistan Peoples Party 's Punjab president , Rana Aftab , is once again contesting the election after he was defeated in 2008 general election .
He has been member of Punjab Assembly two times earlier .
He is a rich farmer and an advocate by profession and die - hard PPP activist .
Amjad Warraich , a former member of parliament and leader of a new Muslim League under his leadership , has also announced that he will contest this seat .
His wife is member of national assembly and his brother is in Punjab Assembly .
There is no end of gluttony within this family .
The Labour Party Pakistan has decided to contest this election to challenge the hegemony of the big capitalist and feudal parties .
We have not much experience in parliamentary politics .
Parliamentary elections in Pakistan favour the rich .
Rich politicians spend millions in violation of the election commission laws and no one takes notice .
Despite this , we have decided to fight back .
Mian Abdul Qayum
Mian Abdul Qayum is chairperson of the Labour Qaumi Movement ( LQM ) and a member of LPP federal committee .
He is a leader of textile and power loom workers .
He is the founding member of LQM , a organisation that has led many struggles by textile workers in Faisalabad and the surrounding area .
More than 10,000 joined when the LQM organised a mass workers ' rally on the eve of the Labour Party Pakistan 's fifth congress on January 29 , 2010 , at famous Dhobi Ghat ground of Faisalabad .
Himself a textile worker , he has been able to organise LQM in every area of Faisalabad because of its militant actions and solidarity with other movements .
At present , he works full time for the LQM .
Workers of Faisalabad textile sector pay his expenses .
His partner Shamim Qayum is also an activist of the LQM and spends time organising women workers .
Mian Abdul Qayum has been arrested several times during the last few years during the struggle of the textile workers .
He spent 28 days , along 24 other power looms workers , in Jhang jail when he led a 20 - day strike that resulted in a complete victory of power loom workers .
Since the LQM was established more than 10,000 power looms workers have got social security cards .
There was none when the LQM was formed in 2003 .
It has been able to help workers win wage increases , release blocked payments , organise new trade unions in several factories and restore general a labour dignity .
The LQM is an independent labour organisation supported by several left political currents and social organisations and movements .
The Labour Education Foundation , a radical social organisation , has helped the LQM in training , workshops and organising workers .
Most of its leaders are members of Labour Party Pakistan .
The LQM 's formation was a departure from the traditional trade unions that have been unable to grow during the last decade .
It is a community - based labour organisation and not just a workplace organisation .
The LQM has combined activism at the workplace and at community level .
It has formalised many informal sector workers .
It has revived the real workers ' tradition of picket lines at workplaces and at the homes of bosses .
The LQM strategy to press the demands of the workers varies from case to case .
It has held hunger strike camps , public rallies , seminars , workshops , Gherao ( pickets ) of factories , bosses ' homes , police stations and the labour department , demonstrations and many other forms of protests .
It has held very militant but peaceful struggles .
Mian Abdul Qayum 's decision to contest election against the parties of the rich is an important step in promotion of working - class politics .
It will pave the way for more independent actions of the working class not only in the parliamentary field but also outside it .
Our election program
Although this is a Punjab Assembly by - election , we want to contest the election on a revolutionary program with transitional demands .
In a meeting on April 9 at the Labour Qaumi Movement in Faisalabad to discuss the priorities of the election campaign , it was decided to take up three issues forcefully .
They are price hikes , labour rights and load shedding of electricity and gas .
One is directly linked with the lives of the workers and the other is linked for the survival of the local power loom industry and infrastructure .
There has been a massive price hike because of the conditions imposed on IMF and World Bank loans .
We will take up the issue of neoliberal agenda and the role of imperialism and multinational companies .
We will raise the issue of the right to form trade unions and fight for workers ' right to a decent life .
Importance of this election
This election has been announced at a time when the PPP government is implementing the neoliberal agenda .
Price hikes are out of control .
Important public sector institutions are for sale .
Infrastructure is collapsing .
The electricity load shedding last more than 12 hours a day .
Most of the power looms are closed because of the shortage of electricity and thousands of workers are laid off temporarily .
The workers are very angry and there is a possibility of a huge blacklash against the PPP government at this election .
This is an area where workers have gathered in their thousands at the call of Labour Qaumi Movement for the defence of workers ' rights and better job conditions .
The PPP Punjab president is in the contest .
So workers have a choice to the policies of PPP .
The PPP and PMLN have put up candidate against each other unlike the previous by - election .
The PMLN has nominated a person who has been involved in shootings , forgery of the educational certificates and other criminal activities .
Workers may reject both big parties in this area .
A decent vote or a victory of a textile worker in this by - election can generate a lot of enthusiasm among the working class in Pakistan for an alternative to the parties of the capitalists and feudal elite .
This is the first parliamentary election that LPP has contested after 2002 general elections .
The LPP has done good work in the streets against the military dictatorship , for workers ' rights and peasants ' right to own land .
The LPP can make a difference in this election if it gets the support from its friends .
What can you do ?
We need your support in different fields .
We have not much time left .
The election is on May 15 .
Please help us financially .
Please take off time work to go the constituency .
PP 63 covers the areas next to Faisalabad airport , Sadhar , Thekiwala , Pansera on Jhang Road .
Please come and help in the election campaign to go to door to door .
Please help us with transport .
If you have a car , small van or jeep , please lend it to us with a driver for at least a week before the election campaign .
We have to cover a lot distance and we need a lot of transport .
Please help print literature , posters and leaflets .
If you can get it printed , we can provide you the text and designs .
Please help us in designing banners and help in printing on cloth .
Please give suggestions for the promotion of our election symbol , APPLE , the LPP election symbol .
We have taken a peaceful sign unlike the PPP and PMLN , which have very violent election symbols .
Please take a day off on May 15 to help on the election day .
Please suggest any other ways to help us .
Please contact me for any help and I will put you in contact with right persons involved in that area .
The Labour Party Pakistan appeals to all its supporters , friends , comrades and members to come forward to help in the campaign of Mian Abdul Qayum .
[ Farooq Tariq is spokesperson of the Labour Party Pakistan .
Phone 030 0841 1945 .
Labour Party Pakistan , 40 - Abbot Road , Lahore , Pakistan .
Outside Pakistan : telephone 92 42 6315162 . Fax 92 42 6271149 . Mobile 92 300 841 1945 . Email labour_party@yahoo.com .
Visit http://www.laborpakistan.org or http://www.jeddojuhd.com.]
Tess Pennington , 33 , is a mother of three children , and lives in the sprawling outskirts of Houston , Texas .
But she is not taking the happy safety of her suburban existence lightly .
Like a growing army of fellow Americans , Pennington is learning how to grow her own food , has stored emergency rations in her home and is taking courses on treating sickness with medicinal herbs .
" I feel safe and more secure .
I have taken personal responsibility for the safety of myself and of my family , " Pennington said .
" We have decided to be prepared .
There all kinds of disasters that can happen , natural and man-made . "
Pennington is a " prepper " , a growing social movement that has been dubbed Survivalism Lite .
Preppers believe that it is better to be safe than sorry and that preparing for disaster – be it a hurricane or the end of civilisation – makes sense .
Unlike the 1990s survivalists , preppers come from all backgrounds and live all over America .
They are just as likely to be found in a suburb or downtown loft as a remote ranch in the mountains .
Prepping networks , which have sprung up all over the country in the past few years , provide advice on how to prepare food reserves , how to grow crops in your garden , how to hunt and how to defend yourself .
There are prepping books , online shops , radio shows , countless blogs , prepping courses and prepping conferences .
John Milandred runs a website called Pioneer Living , which is one of the main forums for discussing prepping .
It provides a range of advice for those who just want to store extra food in case of a power cut , to those who want to embrace the " off the grid " lifestyle of America 's western pioneers .
" We get inquiries from people from all walks of life .
We had a principal from a school asking us to talk to their children .
We have doctors and firemen and lawyers , " he said .
Milandred lives in Oklahoma and , should society collapse around him , he is well placed to flourish .
Indeed , he might not notice that much .
His house has a hand - dug well that gives him fresh water .
He grows his own food .
He has built an oven that needs neither gas nor electricity .
He can hunt for meat .
" If something happened , it really would not affect us , " he said .
There are several reasons for the rise of prepping .
The first is that , in the post - 9/11 world , mass terror attacks have become a fear for many Americans .
At a time when US diplomacy is focused on preventing Iran getting nuclear weapons and terror experts continue to warn of " dirty bombs " on American soil , it is no surprise that many Americans feel threatened .
Added to that paranoia has come the recession .
Suddenly , millions of Americans have been losing their jobs and their homes , reinforcing a feeling that society is not as stable as it once seemed .
Hollywood has caught on .
A succession of films , such as 2012 , The Road , The Book of Eli and Legion , have tapped into an American Zeitgeist that is worried about the end of civilisation .
" Prepping masks a wide range of stances and ideologies .
But the more people are prepared , the more they are likely to have an apocalyptic way of thinking , " said Professor Barry Brummett , of the University of Texas - Austin .
Even government officials have accepted that the financial crisis posed a threat to social order .
In recent testimony before Congress , treasury secretary Tim Geithner admitted that top - level talks had been held on whether the US could enforce law and order in the wake of a collapse of the financial system .
Certainly , Tom Martin agrees .
He runs the American Preppers Network , which helps provide a wide range of resources .
Martin , a truck driver who lives in Idaho , believes that more and more people will become preppers .
" Millions of people now have the mindset that they want to be prepared for something , but do n't know what to call it , " he said .
That rings true with Pennington .
In the 1990s , survivalism was the province of anti-government militiamen or loners in the woods .
But preppers are more concerned with stocking up on food and water and relearning skills so that they can fend for themselves .
To that end , Pennington has set up a website called Ready Nutrition , which teaches basic food skills to prepare for a time when pre-packaged goods at a supermarket might not be available : " Prepping is not taboo , like survivalism .
There is no negative connotation to it .
We are not rednecks .
In many ways , our ancestors were preppers .
So were the Native Americans .
It is just going back to being able to look after yourself . "
If you are having trouble finding a way to make teaching your kids the alphabet fun for you , as well as your child , while bestowing some geek , comic book , and movie knowledge on them , then your problems are solved , all thanks to artist Neil Cameron , and his A - Z of Awesomeness project .
With the help of over 600 Facebook friends , who have taken each letter of the alphabet and crafted some of the most absurd and obscure sentences and references around them , Cameron paired them with brilliant illustrations that are sure to burn the geekiest of images into your child 's retinas .
Oh , this can also be used if you yourself do n't know the alphabet ... you idiot .
Scroll down from A - Z to see how the characters used all come full circle :
The City of Seattle is scrambling to cover a multimillion dollar budget deficit .
Now , people close to the situation say Parks and Recreation will take the biggest hit , with first cuts planned as soon as July , according to the Associated Recreation Council , an independent non-profit that partners with the city department .
“ Community members need to share their personal stories with the Mayor and City Council members if they expect the doors to stay open and the parks maintained , ” said Christina Arcidy , Project Coordinator for ARC , in an e-mail sent to CHS .
“ There are no public meetings or formal requests for public comment , so individuals must reach out to their elected officials and start a dialogue if they want to have an impact . ”
Cuts could include lawn and mowing maintenance for all Seattle parks .
Pools and public facilities in all parks , including Volunteer , Cal Anderson and Miller Parks , will not be open to the public any longer , or may have shorter operation hours .
While none of the major planned cuts have been confirmed by Parks or the city , CHS received confirmation from a City employee with knowledge of the situation who asked to remain anonymous about the severity – and certainty – of the cuts being planned .
“ Overall , I ’ve been told in meetings that everything , including pools , community centers and environmental centers in all parks and open spaces will receive dramatically less attention , ” said the employee .
“ Parks facilities and [ public ] open spaces will be considered for cuts and reductions in service .
This is unprecedented , to my knowledge . ”
The official word from Parks is that the jury is still out on definite cutbacks .
There is a Budget Public Hearing scheduled for April 28 at 5:30 p.m. at New Holly Gathering Hall , and a follow - up one on May 4 at 5:30 p.m. at North Seattle Community College .
— — — — — — — — —— ——
–
UPDATE 10:10 AM :
Parks spokesperson Joelle Hammerstad sent CHS the following e-mail this morning :
Please stop reporting that Parks budget cuts are a “ done deal . ”
I can tell you unequivocally that they are not .
The Superintendent has said repeatedly that “ everything is on the table . ”
In fact , I just spoke with him this morning , and he reiterated it again .
While I hesitate to conjecture about what meetings the anonymous employee is referring to , it is possible that he / she is talking about potential budget scenarios that the department is considering .
This is a normal part of the budget cutting process .
We have not yet received directions from the City Budget Office ( CBO ) regarding our target reductions ; however , we anticipate that we will have to make mid-year reductions , as well as 2011 reductions .
To wait until after we receive direction from CBO to begin considering where we will make those reductions would be nothing short of careless .
It is our responsibility to the taxpayers to begin having conversations internally about where we can fill the budget gap .
Pool and community center closures are being considered , but so is everything else .
— — — — — — — — —— ——
–
“ It ’s too early to know , ” said Dewey Potter , Communications Manager for Seattle Parks and Recreation .
“ Parks and Recreation will certainly share in the reductions needed to make up for that [ $ 50 million ] shortfall .
The City Budget Office [ CBO ] has not yet issued its 2011 budget instructions to departments .
When we receive them around the end of April , they will be based on the latest revenue forecast and a target budget number for each department . ”
The anonymous employee , however , said that the cuts are already a done deal and that Parks is already planning the reductions .
“ To my knowledge there are no more votes on this , and the decisions are final , ” said the employee .
Cal Anderson Park Alliance president Kay Rood was hesitant to comment on rumors and says CAPA will follow any marching orders they receive from Parks about how to proceed , but have n’t heard any official word yet on what will happen with the proposed budget cuts .
“ We are generally aware of the well - publicized and serious city - wide budget problems , that some mid-year adjustments are being discussed and considered , ” Rood told CHS .
“ However , Parks has not contacted CAPA directly with budget cuts specific to Cal Anderson Park . ”
Even as operating funds for Parks maintenance and programs come under increasing budget pressure , Capitol Hill continues to see investment in new neighborhood green spaces and facilities .
Potter provided a list of scheduled Hill projects and their timelines :
Renovation of the Volunteer Park playground ( Parks and Green Spaces Levy ) - Planning begins in 2011 , there are no web documents available .
Seismic and HVAC work at the Seattle Asian Art Museum in Volunteer Park ( Parks and Green Spaces Levy ) – no web page yet , planning begins in 2011 Capitol Hill Urban Center Village ( Parks and Green Spaces Levy ) –
No budget or schedule set yet but Parks hosted a public meeting on a proposed 12,000 square foot property on Federal Ave. E. and E. Republican St. on Feb. 23 of this month .
Garfield Playfield lighting replacement project ( Cumulative Reserve Subfund ) :
Part of an ongoing project to replace outdated light systems , the total cost for this project is $ 11 million and construction began in November of last year .
Garfield Playfield infield improvements ( Cumulative Reserve Subfund ) : Budget of $ 50,000 but was almost completely funded by King County Youth Sports Facility Program .
Construction began February of this year and is scheduled for completion in April .
Seven Hills Park : Approved to break ground in March with construction scheduled for completion in mid-July John and Summit Park : Construction documents are complete .
The project is expected to bid in February and construction is expected to break ground in spring 2010 .
Meanwhile , people working to maintain existing Parks assets are concerned .
Friends of the Conservatory , a group established to advocate for Volunteer Park and the Conservatory , are extremely worried about budget cuts within Parks , and they fear that the 98 year - old Conservatory is facing permanent closure .
“ We have not had any formal conversation with Parks .
That being said , the handwriting has been on the wall for some time , ” said Audrey Meade , office administrator of Friends of the Conservatory , speaking on behalf of the board of directors .
“ There have been some conversations we ’ve had off the record and we know exactly where we stand .
It ’s not looking so hot …
There are imminent deep cuts coming , either cuts in operation or the Conservatory may be closed completely . ”
The Conservatory officially opened in 1912 , is free to the public and is one of only three Victorian - style greenhouses on the West coast .
It is an extremely fragile building , and the city has spent millions to restore it since the Friends of the Conservatory fought for funding in 1980 .
Friends recently applied for a grant from the Opportunity Fund of the ProParks Levy to rebuild an aging support greenhouse .
They have been working hard to get the entire facilities renovated by the official centennial celebration in 2012 .
They only have a third of the building left to renovate before it ’s finished .
The Friends of the Conservatory sent out a newsletter through their channels last week , officially recognizing the fear of closure to their supporters in an attempt to rally the troops around saving the Conservatory .
“ We are working really hard right now , putting our heads together about what the best thing to do is , ” said Meade .
“ We want to show the city that we can help with the budget challenges .
We ’ve been around 100 years and have weathered many economic crises , including the Great Depression .
Those leaders saw its significance but it seems that the Mayor and City Council are choosing not to . ”
The annual Friends of the Conservatory meeting is open to the public and scheduled for April 27 , and the annual Plant Sale is on May 8 .
The group says they will have more information available at those gatherings .
“ It would be devastating to the Seattle community if we lost it , ” said Meade .
“ It ’s a refuge for all types of people .
A lot of people come here from the hospitals looking for soothing quietness .
It ’s accessible to everyone , and we get a lot of retired groups and little kids that come and just stare at the collections .
It ’s peaceful , it ’s inspiring , it ’s romantic , ” said Meade .
“ It fills a lot of needs you ca n’t find in a concrete jungle . ”
Potter said that concerned citizens should reach out to Parks Superintendent Tim Gallagher through e-mail or snail mail and can also leave comments through an online form on the Parks website .
In what could be a preview of things to come , Parks sent out this announcement of scheduled closures for April , sent on the behalf of Mayor McGinn and Superintendent Gallagher :
Many Seattle Parks and Recreation facilities will be closed on Friday , April 9 , and Monday , April 12 , for a furlough day .
Youth Violence Prevention Initiative sites will furlough on Wednesday , April 7 .
City of Seattle employees are taking 10 days off without pay in 2010 to help fill the budget gap .
Seattle Parks and Recreation has worked hard to schedule furlough days in a way that has the smallest possible impact on customers , and that provides as much coverage as possible .
These facilities and services are closed on Friday , April 9 : · Grounds maintenance ·Community centers ( except child care and late night programs , which will still operate ) .
· Swimming pools · Environmental Learning Centers · Lifelong Recreation ( except Food and Fitness programs , which will still operate ) · Business Service Center
These facilities and services are closed on Monday , April 12 : ·Administrative offices ( communications , correspondence , Park Board support , web management , public outreach , human resources , finance and administration ) · Planning and Development Division ·Magnuson Park office
These facilities will operate normally : · Golf courses will operate as usual .
· The Seattle Aquarium will assign furloughs individually to ensure that its 24 - hour animal care responsibilities are met and that it stays open to the public .
Life and Bodypainting
FleshandColor Update 5-21-2020 : Subscribe to my FleshandColor Youtube And , Patrons have some bonus shots up .
Click below to be a member .
See bonus , exclusives and other goodies .
Become a Patron !
Mobile Users :
Use the menu icon in the top right corner to navigate .
The latest dance craze in Jamaica is something called daggering .
Imagine a guy on the dance floor grinding on a woman and yet his penis is erect and he ’s trying to jab it wherever he can .
Basically , simulating sex , but not actually getting the manhood in the hole .
We ’re talking dirty , dirty dancing .
Now some folks in Jamaica have taken the craze into the bedroom with disastrous results .
Poking at various parts of a woman ’s anatomy while the beanpole is at attention can cause it to fracture .
Men get a sudden , sharp pain and then the penis turns black and blue .
Definitely do not try this at home .
The daggering craze has led to a tripling in the number of penis fractures in Jamaica .
Some local clinics are seeing two cases a month and government officials are now cracking down on any media promoting daggering .
Of course , that does n’t stop it from going up on YouTube .
This video , aptly called daggering , gives you a bit of an idea of what ’s going on here .
Not to worry – it ’s SFW .
Unless your boss frowns upon you watching videos about sticking your penis in places it does n’t belong .
Ca n’t imagine that .
One of my very earliest memories as a child is of watching one of the Superman cartoons created by Max Fleischer .
In particular , a scene where Superman puts his cape around Lois Lane to protect her from an incoming tide of molten metal .
I imprinted on that image like a baby duck , and a lot of what I laughingly call my personality was formed in that moment ( which is why a cel - recreation of that image is one of the first things you see upon entering my home , before you get to the row of wall after wall covered with artwork by Alex Ross , Curt Swan and others , as well as just about every bit of Superman memorabilia ever produced ) .
As a kid growing up in the mean streets of New Jersey , Superman was an icon for me .
It was a tough life : we moved about 21 times in my first 17 years , we did n't have much money , and every day was a struggle .
When I told grown - ups that I was going to be a writer someday , nobody listened , nobody thought I had a chance , because as far as teachers were concerned , kids like me who came from nowhere and nothing were dead - enders , destined to end up working at the gas station at best or in jail at worst .
Writers were supposesd to be Ivory Tower guys with leather patches on the elbows of their smoking jackets , who went to the right schools and came from the right families .
I lived in the world of No , a place populated by bullies and street fights and tenements , with no possibility of escape .
But Superman ... see , Superman could do anything .
If there was someplace he did n't want to be , he could just fly away .
And he could n't be hurt , which to a kid who got beat up pretty regularly in fights and elsewhere was a pretty attractive idea .
Superman taught me the morals and ethics I draw up on to this day : to play fair , not to lie , and to be willing to put yourself between harm and those you care about .
If Superman could do anything , then maybe I had a chance .
Maybe I could become a writer .
Maybe I could even learn to fly .
That symbol , the S , became a badge for me , and growing up I always made sure I had it somewhere on me , like a shaman 's charm .
That may sound silly , and from a grown - up perspective it probably is silly , but as Henry Kissinger once said , it has the added benefit of being true .
And it helped me get through the hard times , which is why I continue that practice to this day ... right now it's on a key - chain in my pocket .
For me , and I suspect for a lot of people , that symbol stands for the belief in our own potentiality , in what we think we can do , and try , and aspire to .
I was watching the news recently , and they were showing Palistinian protests , followed by a story on the night life scene in LA , and later on , a live report from London about somethingorother ... and in the background of each of those stories there was somebody wearing a Superman t- shirt or cap .
It 's universal .
And there 's a reason for that , a secret no one knows , but I 'll tell you , because of how long I 've known you , and our longstanding friendship .
And the secret is this : The Superman symbol is Kryptonian for No Limits .
And whether or not you speak Kryptonian ( or Kryptonese ) , you know that ... you know that deep inside , where even the cynicism of the world cannot reach .
I 've told this story before in other places , so at risk of being redundant ... back a few years ago , I was at the Chicago Comic Con when a guy in his 20s grabbed a bunch of expensive stuff off a table in the dealer 's room and made a run for it .
The ownere ran after him down the aisle , yelling " stop him ! "
As he came in my direction , everybody parted like the Red Sea .
I brought him down like a gazelle , and we held him untnil the police showed up .
Afterward , one of the con organizers said to me , " Why 'd you do that ?
He 's a big guy , you could 've gotten hurt . "
And I pointed to where I 'd been standing when it happened : right in front of a ten - foot - tall cutout of Superman .
" How could I stand in front of that , in front of him , " I said , " and do nothing ? "
As Superman has been for me , so Wonder Woman has been for a lot of women readers , so the chance to dive into that character is something I 'm eagerly anticipating .
This is a strong , mythic , powerful character who for some time now has been kind of drowning under the weight of her own mythos , so I 'm looking forward to paring away some of the layers of debris and undergrowth that have piled up around her in order to get to the core of the character .
Coming from the world of TV and film , the first rule you learn is to service the main character more than anything else , so I 'll be writing with an eye firmly fixed on that rule .
As part of that process , we 're going to be looking more closely at how Wonder Woman appears , and functions , and her role in the DCU ... and what we have planned will , we hope , come across as dynamic and powerful as she deserves to be .
Similarly , we plan to bring Superman back to his roots , to really explore who he is ... how he sees us , and how we see him , in a much more personal way than we 've seen in a while .
This is part of a larger effort that will have national ramifications , but I can't say much more about it than that for now .
Keep an eye on this website for more information when the time is right ... but for now , let 's just say that Superman may be a lot closer in proximity to you , the reader , than you ever guessed .
To kick off both efforts by appearing in the anniversary issues of these two characters is a great opportunity , and a good jumping - on point for readers .
If there 's any other message in this to readers , it 's in these two characters as icons of hope , that it does n't make any difference where you come from , or where you went to school , or who you are , there 's hope .
That a kid from Jersey with Superman as the icon that kept him alive for years would one day end up writing the character is as absoutely unlikely as it is utterly inevitable .
And if that 's true for me , it 's true for you , if you follow your dreams and your passions in full flight .
Do n't give up .
No Limits .
It 's never too late to learn to fly .
J. Michael Straczynski
Former New Orleans Police Department Lt. Michael Lohman today pleaded guilty to a single count of conspiring to obstruct justice , in connection with one of a string of violent encounters between police and civilians in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Police shot at least 10 people during the week after the storm made landfall .
( We have been investigating the shootings , along with our partners the New Orleans Times - Picayune and PBS “ Frontline . ” )
ADVERTISEMENT
Lohman ’s conviction stems from the so - called Danziger Bridge incident of Sept. 4 , 2005 .
Responding to an emergency call that day , New Orleans police officers shot six citizens — killing two — on and around the span .
The Times - Picayune has been covering the Danziger Bridge shootings from the start and they have the latest .
Lohman helped orchestrate the police ’s investigation of the shooting , a probe portrayed in the bill of information as an attempted cover - up .
The former lieutenant was involved in planting a handgun at the scene , drafted phony police reports , and lied to federal agents , according the court document .
( The New York Times has good details on the alleged cover - up .
And we at ProPublica have posted the bill of information in our easy - to - read document viewer . )
Lohman ’s plea is the clearest indicator yet that the federal government — which for more than a year now has been investigating the New Orleans Police Department ’s actions in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina — is mounting a two - pronged probe : federal prosecutors and the FBI are scrutinizing incidents in which police shot civilians in the chaotic days after the storm , as well as the alleged efforts of other officers to cover - up those shootings .
Defense attorneys familiar with the widening federal probe say the Justice Department is looking at the death of Henry Glover as a possible cover - up , as well .
Glover was shot on Sept. 2 . 2005 — possibly by NOPD officer David Warren — and died , according to three witnesses , at makeshift police compound in the Algiers section of New Orleans .
His charred remains were later discovered in an incinerated car dumped on a Mississippi River levee .
ADVERTISEMENT
Federal agents began examining Glover ’s death after ProPublica , in conjunction with The Nation magazine , reported on the case in late 2008 .
In recent weeks , the Justice Department has begun looking at three other post - Katrina incidents — the shootings of Danny Brumfield , Matthew McDonald and Keenon McCann , all of whom were shot by NOPD officers in the week after the hurricane made landfall .
Brumfield and McDonald died ; McCann was injured but survived to file a lawsuit against the police department .
He was shot to death by an unknown assailant in 2008 while the suit was pending .
The NOPD , like most police departments , conducts an investigation every time an officer opens fire on a citizen — the goal is to make sure the shooting was proper and justified .
As a general rule , officers are allowed to use deadly force only when confronted by a person posing a physical threat , either to the officer or another civilian .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , a joint effort by reporters with ProPublica , the New Orleans Times - Picayune and PBS “ Frontline found that NOPD investigators did little to determine whether officers acted appropriately when they shot Brumfield , McDonald and McCann .
NOPD detectives collected little physical evidence , spoke to few civilian witnesses , and conducted brief interviews — ranging from seven to 12 minutes — with the officers involved in the shootings .
If you are reading this site , chances are pretty good that either you or someone close to you is experiencing a financial crisis in their life .
At Comfort Law Office we have an experienced team of professionals who are dedicated to helping our valued clients find effective solutions to eliminating their debt and move on with their lives .
We provide you with an initial ‘ no cost ’ consultation with the firm founder , Mike Comfort , to analyze your unique situation , answer your questions , and propose a solution .
This will enable you to tap into Mike ’s 34 plus years of experience to develop a solution tailored to your needs .
Personal attention and empathetic advocacy are hallmarks of our firm .
We will take the time to listen to your concerns , answer your questions , and work with you to pursue the best possible outcome .
Depending on your circumstances and objectives we provide responsive representation for Chapter 7 , 13 or Debt Negotiation directly with your creditors .
Once our office is retained , we afford you protection under Federal and State debt collection laws by stopping collection contact and harassment .
Where a bankruptcy case is filed ( Chapter 7 or 13 ) you also immediately gain relief to stop all collection activity , including lawsuits or wage garnishments .
The case filing also prevents car repossession and home foreclosure .
Based in San Mateo , we represent clients who live in the greater San Francisco Bay Area , with our office conveniently located near the intersection of Highways 92 and 101 in the City of San Mateo .
We invite you to review our “ Frequently Asked Questions ” about bankruptcy for straight forward answers to questions that might relate to your personal needs .
Thank you for your interest and we invite you to contact our office if we can be of service .
I have had enough brushes with eccentrics who think I am going to destroy the world with the Large Hadron Collider to appreciate that in scientific fields where many lives and dollars are genuinely at stake , pressures can be enormous and cool scientific discourse is hard to find and maintain .
In such fields , pressures do n’t just come from eccentrics and obsessives , but from smart and well - funded lobby groups .
I have enormous respect and sympathy for those scientists who work in such areas , under intense commercial , political and moral pressures .
One such area is climate science .
I ’m writing this basically because the Institute of Physics , of which I am a Fellow , has waded in to the so - called “ climate wars ” recently ; once with a statement before Copenhagen and more recently in “ evidence ” to the Science and Technology Committee .
The first IoP statement is a call to arms to physicists to help deal with anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) .
The second advocates openness in science , and contains strongly worded criticisms of some scientists at the Climate Research Unit at the university of East Anglia , who famously had their emails stolen .
The reaction to the IoP statement was interesting , to say the least .
Lobby groups who claim AGW is not happening rushed to publicise it , lauding the IoP ’s credentials as a respectable and representative scientific organisation , and conveniently ignoring the IoP ’s previous and subsequent statements that the scientific evidence for AGW is sound .
Meanwhile , some of those on the other side in the climate wars leapt in to abuse the IoP .
( Follow some of the links and threads from here to get a flavour , along with some decent criticism of what the IoP said . )
My level of expertise here is “ scientist ” not “ climate scientist ” , but in my opinion the IoP evidence betrays a pretty naive attitude ; and in point 5 they overstep the mark by claiming “ suppression ” of data which the CRU have in fact published .
To me ( I do n’t know who wrote it ) it has the feel of being authored by someone who is firmly in the “ anti ” camp , then imperfectly moderated by others * .
In general it was not of the quality I would expect from the IoP , which usually I find to be rather professional , measured and sensible .
I much prefer the submission by the Royal Statistical Society .
Nevertheless , the IoP statement cannot be dismissed simply by pointing out that the response may have been influenced by energy consultants and the like .
Climate scientists bear a massive responsibility , which all scientists share in principle , but are not used to carrying day - by - day under huge pressure .
Scientific data should be open as open as possible , science should be published in such a way that the analysis , and if possible the experiment , can be repeated by a third party .
We do n’t all meet these standards all the time , but the more at stake on our results , the greater the imperative .
It ’s pretty clear from this exchange that at least one early climate paper fell short of this .
It looks to me like there was unreproducible analysis , and a deep reluctance to admit this **.
I ca n’t see anything in the emails ( and I have read quite a lot of them ) which discredits the main AGW results .
But I do think that if scientists expect the world to change its economy and behaviour on the basis of their science , they really ought to have stable , reproducible databases and code .
If they do n’t have the funding to do this , more fool us all , and that needs fixing .
I was struck in particular by the “ Harry README file ” for some analysis code which came out .
One thing we should have learned over the past years ( e.g. from the continued success of linux in a world dominated by big software companies ) is that open - source coding is a very effective way to produce robust and relatively bug - free code .
If a “ skeptic ” finds a mistake , that strengthens the analysis .
This actually applies to science in general .
Another area of science which operates under pressure is medicine .
The level of irrationality shown by some conspiracy theorists ( e.g. some of the anti-vaccine brigade ) , and the financial muscle of “ big pharma ” and “ big quackery ” make this a highly politicised environment .
Scientific critics face legal challenges ( just as some try to apply to the climate scientists ) .
The answer in general to the challenge seems to be more openness and more rigour .
Ad hominem attacks on people who disagree with you do not advance science , and do not win over neutrals , at least not fellow scientists .
Climate scientists should listen to their fellows with experience in this .
Since major global decisions depend on the climate data and the analyses , surely they should all be out there to benefit from the criticism of all .
Valid criticisms lead to improvement , and openness is also the best way to despatch “ zombie ” invalid criticisms which continue to be touted by the unscientific .
Climate scientists are doing their work on behalf of us all .
Is the human race smart enough to correctly evaluate , collectively , the threats we face ?
The level of emotion and abuse on both sides of the climate wars does n’t bode well .
To have a chance , climate scientists , and their colleagues across all disciplines , must publicly claim openness and true skepticism as a key element of the scientific process .
* Footnote : Some people whose views I respect disagree more strongly with the IoP evidence than I do .
See here and here for example .
** Footnote : Before I call down hordes on my head let me say immediately that while in principle I think I could reproduce the analysis in all my papers , in practice I do n’t have the time , and if I tried I might well find big problems blocking me from doing so .
Actually I have published a paper which had a mistake in it , which I have owned up to ( go on – guess ) .
It did not change the conclusions of the paper ( though in principle it could have done ) .
I did n’t react in a hostile manner to the error being found , and I have not ( so far ) been vilified in the press or by congressmen for it .
Science often does n’t live up to the ideal , but it is usually “ good enough ” .
The Bubble Meter Philosophy
The best way to get the housing market thriving again is to drop prices to the point where supply equals demand .
Home sellers might not like it , but it 's good for buyers and it 's great for Realtors .
For Realtors , the best way to make more money is to sell houses quickly , and the best way to sell houses quickly is to convince the seller to drop the price .
Conan O'Brien and NBC are at war ... each accusing the other of bad , bad behavior .
Sources connected to Conan O'Brien tell TMZ NBC honcho Jeff Zucker has been " nasty , arrogant and threatening " in negotiating Conan 's out .
The Conan people are outraged , saying the blame for the Jay Leno /' ConanO ' Brien / " Tonight Show " debacle falls squarely at Zucker 's doorstep .
Play video content
An NBC spokesperson tells TMZ , as for claims Zucker has been nasty , arrogant and threatening , " There is absolutely no truth to that .
It is easy to make false statements under the cloak of anonymity . "
We 're told Conan is so pissed off at NBC , he told the network he was leaving even though he still does n't have a place to go -- at least not yet .
Sources say
Fox still has not made an offer .
An NBC source connected to the negotiations tells TMZ Conan " has acted like a baby " since the network announced the changes .
The source claims NBC made $ 25 mil in profits off " The Tonight Show " the last full calendar year Leno hosted .
The source says the projected loss for 2010 had Conan stayed put was $ 3 - 5 million .
So NBC says it 's simple math .
We 're told the NBC / Conan deal still is n't finalized .
MOSCOW —
The brazen suicide bombings in the center of Moscow confronted Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin with a grave challenge to his record of curbing terrorism , and raised the possibility that he would respond as he had in the past , by significantly tightening control over the government .
The explosions Monday , set off by female suicide bombers in two landmark subway stations , killed at least 38 people and wounded scores of others , touching off fears that the Muslim insurgency in southern Russia , including Chechnya , was once again being brought to the country ’s heart .
The attacks during the morning rush hour seemed all but designed to taunt the security services , which have been championed by Mr. Putin in the decade since he took power in Russia .
The first one occurred at the Lubyanka subway station , next to the headquarters of the Federal Security Service , also known as the F.S.B. , the successor agency to the Soviet - era K.G.B. that was led by Mr. Putin in the late 1990s .
Mr. Putin , the former president and still Russia ’s paramount leader , has built his reputation in part on his success in bottling up the Muslim insurgency in southern Russia and preventing major terrorist attacks in the country ’s population centers in recent years .
If the bombings on Monday herald a renewed campaign by insurgents in major cities , then that legacy may be tarnished .
The attacks could also throw into doubt the policies of Mr. Putin ’s protégé , President Dmitri A. Medvedev , who has spoken in favor of liberalizing the government , increasing political pluralism and dealing with terrorism by addressing the root causes of the insurgency .
While Mr. Medvedev has not yet put in place many major changes , Mr. Putin has generally allowed him to pursue his course .
More terrorism , though , could cause Mr. Putin to shove Mr. Medvedev aside and move the security - oriented circle of advisers around Mr. Putin to the forefront .
“ Putin said , ‘ One thing that I definitely accomplished was this , ’ and he did n’t , ” said Pavel K. Baev , a Russian who is a professor at the International Peace Research Institute in Oslo .
Image Bodies and debris covered a platform at the Park Kultury subway station in Moscow after a suicide bombing on Monday .
Credit ... Egor Barbatunov / Associated Press
“ My feeling is this is not an isolated attack , that we will see more , ” Mr. Baev said .
“ If we are facing a situation where there is a chain of attacks , that would undercut every attempt to soften , liberalize , open up , and increase the demand for tougher measures . ”
Mr. Putin on Monday limited his comments largely to vows to destroy the terrorists who organized the attacks , who have not been identified , but who the Russian authorities said they suspect came from Chechnya or neighboring regions in the Caucasus Mountains .
But when he last faced a spate of such violence , in 2004 , he reacted with a sweeping reorganization of the government that he said would unite the country against terrorism , but also concentrated power in the Kremlin .
He pushed through laws that eliminated the direct election of regional governors , turning them into presidential appointees , and made it all but impossible for political independents to be elected to the federal Parliament .
He also increased the strength of the security services .
Boris I. Makarenko , chairman of the Center for Political Technologies in Moscow , a research organization , cautioned that it was too soon to speculate whether Mr. Putin might feel the need to clamp down .
Mr. Makarenko said he believed that Mr. Putin ’s reputation had not suffered badly because of terrorist attacks early in his tenure as president .
But Mr. Makarenko noted that the bombings in the Moscow subway came as Russia ’s financial problems had been agitating the government .
Protests have broken out in some major cities , and the opposition , while still relatively weak , has been gaining some support .
“ The public has become more skeptical about the government in general in recent months , due to the government ’s limited ability to tackle the effects of the economic crisis , to the inefficiency and misbehavior of the police , and other issues , ” he said .
“ These terrorist attacks might be another piece in the efforts of those who want to go after the government . ”
The subway system in Moscow is one of the world ’s most extensive and well managed , and the bombings on Monday spread anxiety that is unlikely to dissipate for some time .
For many people here , the day ’s events recalled the tense times in the early part of the last decade when the city , including the subway , was hit with several terrorist attacks .
While the Muslim insurgency has not subsided in recent years , major attacks outside the Caucasus region had been unusual , and in April 2009 , the Kremlin even announced what it described as the end of special counterterrorism operations in Chechnya .
But in November 2009 , terrorists bombed a luxury passenger train that was traveling in a rural area from Moscow to St. Petersburg , killing 26 people .
Last month , a Chechen rebel leader , Doku Umarov , threatened in an interview on a Web site to organize terror acts in Russian population centers .
Because of my own situation last summer involving a religious nut going after my public school teaching job , a lot of people have sent me the story of Melissa Hussain , the North Carolina 8th grade teacher whose job is in jeopardy because of how she handled her über - religious students .
She ’s currently suspended with pay .
And there ’s very little information on her story other than a one - sided article against her by T. Keung Hui .
* Very * one - sided .
Case in point :
Hussain wrote on the social - networking site that it was a “ hate crime ” that students anonymously left a Bible on her desk , and she told how she “ was able to shame her kids ” over the incident .
Here ’s the actual context of the “ shame her kids ” line :
That sounds like a teacher I * want * my kids to have .
Not some evil teacher out to attack religious kids .
…
Here ’s the story in a nutshell : religious students were harassing her and disrupting her classroom .
They put the aforementioned Bible on her desk in December along with a card reading “ Merry Christ mas ” ( emphasis theirs ) .
They put a postcard of Jesus on her desk .
They called her a “ Jesus hater . ”
They would sing “ Jesus loves me ” ( presumably during class ) .
They read the Bible instead of doing class work .
I know little about the situation other than what I ’ve read in Hui ’s article .
But here ’s my theory ( as a relatively young teacher who has dealt with similar kids ) .
Some kids found out about her religious beliefs ( I do n’t know what she is , but I think I can safely say non-Christian ) and they told their friends .
The kids wanted to bait her , so they began pushing her buttons by bringing up religion in class whenever they possibly could .
It was n’t just a waste of class time , it was really annoying , and it threw Hussain off kilter .
Instead of laughing it off or just waiting till she got back into the office to complain , she reacted immediately … which is precisely what the kids wanted .
She threw the postcard in the trash .
When the students were reading the Bible instead of doing class work , she took away the distraction ( which the kids knew damn well she would do , which is why they were reading it in the first place ) .
She may have sent students to the office during the evolution lessons , but I doubt it was * only * because they asked about the role of God in creation .
It ’s probably because they would n’t let up about it , they wanted to argue about religion instead of learning the basic facts of evolution , and when she could n’t continue teaching the class without disruption , she told the kids in question to get out of the classroom and go to the office .
Then , she complained to friends about the situations … which is understandable .
But she did it on a Facebook page that did n’t have proper privacy filters set .
That was a mistake on her part .
The kids could find her wall postings , take screenshots , etc .
So those comments were sent around the school , too .
Though if you read the Facebook comments ( PDF ) , they do n’t show any anti-student maliciousness on her part .
If anything , they just show a teacher who is shocked that kids would be so damn mean .
She wants them to be aware of the hurt they ’re causing ( good luck with that ) .
But she posted them on a public Facebook page and others have taken them out of context .
Even worse , they ’re using her friends ’ comments against her .
That ’s just ridiculous .
That ’s like criticizing me for something a random commenter on this site says .
Just because someone posts something on your site ( or Facebook wall ) does n’t mean you automatically approve of it .
It ’s all a big positive feedback loop that ’s not going in Hussain ’s favor .
And when you see the awful article about her , it ’s no wonder people are having a hard time sympathizing with her .
Certainly , the parents are supporting their kids ’ version of the story .
That ’s a problem , too .
Most teenagers I know either absolutely love or totally hate every teacher they have .
There ’s not a lot of in - between .
And when they “ hate ” a teacher , they think the teacher is out to get them at all costs , as if teachers care about petty revenge against irritating students .
No doubt some religious students would see a non-Christian teacher as someone who ’s “ totally out to get ” them .
I have yet to see any parent or administrator saying that these kids were being the little arrogant jerks they were and that the kids deserved punishment instead of the teacher .
On a side note , I think more people would sympathize with Hussain if they discovered she was a Muslim or a Jew .
In those cases , it ’s understandable why she ’d be upset at kids trying to push Christianity on her .
But because her religion is unstated , that means she could be an atheist and she therefore deserves all the scorn !
A local education association is making the mistake of inching toward the side of the students :
… Jennifer Lanane , president of the Wake County chapter of the North Carolina Association of Educators , said she was n’t aware of the details of the Hussain case , but said that teachers need to be careful about information they put online .
“ We are public figures , ” Lanane said .
“ We are held to a higher standard . ”
Pathetic .
Hussain ’s mistake pales in comparison to what these ignorant kids were doing to her .
Hussain needs the support of the administration and teachers ’ groups , not their derision .
With friends like those , who needs enemies ?
No doubt Hussain made a mistake by not using better privacy filters on Facebook .
But that ’s not the real issue here .
The problem is that these students were harassing the teacher and they ’re being let off the hook .
The parents are n’t helping , either :
… Annette Balint , whose daughter is in Hussain ’s class , said the students have the right to wear those shirts and sing “ Jesus Loves Me , ” a long - time Sunday School staple .
She said the students were reading the Bible during free time in class .
“ She does n’t have to be a professing Christian to be in the classroom , ” Balint said .
“ But she ca n’t go the other way and not allow God to be mentioned . ” …
Hussain ’s comments included one where she complained that she “ hates ” parents who complain about their child ’s first B in middle school .
She said her husband suggested she start a blog “ based on ridiculous students and their parents . ”
Balint said it was clear to the class that Hussain was talking about her daughter .
“ I feel violated that she would say those things , ” she said .
Balint is the quintessential annoying parent : her daughter does n’t get the best grade and she takes it out on the teacher .
You know , when Balint lets me walk into her place of work wearing a “ god is dead ” shirt while I pester her nonstop about how god does n’t exist and leave a copy of The God Delusion on her desk — all while she ’s trying to help me out — then I ’ll take her whining more seriously .
Hell , for all we know , Balint liked that her daughter “ spread the Jesus ” in the classroom .
Hussain deserves to get her job back .
Maybe she also deserves a reprimand for not using some common sense when it comes to the social networking site , but that ’s about it .
Meanwhile , the kids who are causing all this trouble need to be punished .
Maybe writing an apology to Hussain and an essay on how evolution works would do the trick .
Last week , the BBC cuts made all the headlines : it is closing two radio stations , capping spending on sports events , and slashing other costs .
All to generate extra revenue for programming .
As ever , it 's a little hard to understand all the abstract figures from the BBC budget .
Does the BBC give good value for money ?
What does it spend on Mad Men and other shows ?
How does its budget compare to other broadcasters ?
Hopefully the BBC - O - Gram will help put the figures in context .
For more detail and extra figures , explore the data : http://bit.ly/bbcogram
About me
I run the website InformationIsBeautiful.net , dedicated to visualising information , ideas , stories and data .
My book of infographic exploria , Information Is Beautiful .
It 's published by HarperCollins .
In the US , the book 's called The Visual Miscellaneum
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
I ’m a little more than a year late in reporting on this paper , but I just stumbled across it while researching another story , and thought it was interesting .
As I discussed in a recent post , there ’s a lot of evidence emerging these days that stretching has some acute negative effects .
When I wrote about this topic in the Globe back in 2008 , one of the researchers I spoke to basically said ( and I paraphrase ) : “ The studies all show that pre-game stretching makes you weaker and slower , but athletes do n’t really care .
So the best thing you can do is encourage them to stretch early in their warmup , and then do some more dynamic activity afterwards to help ‘ shake out ’ the negative effects of stretching before game time . ”
So the paper I just found , from the January 2009 issue of the European Journal of Applied Physiology , tackles this very question :
Recently , it has been suggested that the published research , testing after an acute bout of stretching , does not reflect current practice where individuals follow up a bout of stretching with further activity .
Therefore , the aim of this study was to investigate the use of stretching followed by a secondary bout of movement .
Basically , the subjects did a five - minute warmup on the treadmill ; then did a vertical jump test ; then either did nothing , static stretching or dynamic exercises ; then did another jump test ; then they all did another set of warmup exercises ( i.e. high knees , skip - steps , side - stepping , cross- overs and zig - zag running ) ; then did another series of jump tests after 10 , 20 and 30 minutes .
The results : after the first stage , the static stretching group jumped lower , while the dynamic exercise group jumped higher .
After the second part of the warmup , the static stretchers still jumped significantly lower than both the dynamic group and the controls .
So you ca n’t just “ shake out ” the negative effects of stretching ( at least with this particular protocol ) : once you ’ve done it , you ’re stuck with the effects for an hour or two .
Krasznai is a young studio from Barcelona , Spain .
Their new collection " Arms & Crafts " consists of ceramic objects for home decoration : vases , mugs and bowls .
But all the art works are a bit different .
They added small hands to each object and it looks pretty nice .
As they said " we like to think that they all have their own behaviour " .
Average price is $ 50 .
In John Roberts , Obama finds the perfect enemy .
Barack Obama is gunning for a confrontation with the Supreme Court , and Chief Justice John Roberts has signaled that he welcomes the fight .
Last week , the chief justice described the president ’s State of the Union condemnation of the Citizens United decision as “ very troubling ” and complained that the speech had “ degenerated to a political pep rally . ”
Roberts was making an argument about etiquette -- dissent was fine , he said , but Obama had somehow transgressed the boundaries of civilized discourse by delivering his attack to a captive audience .
But he was implicitly making a political argument as well .
That is , Roberts seems to have joined the battle with Obama because he thinks the Court can win it .
As a matter of history , this argument is wrong :
In battles between a popular president and an anti-majoritarian Court , it ’s almost always the president who prevails .
Using the Court as a punching bag puts Obama in the company of his greatest predecessors , Jefferson , Lincoln , and both Roosevelts -- all of whom bashed the Court for thwarting the will of the people .
As long as he plays his cards carefully , Obama has much to gain from challenging John Roberts , and the Roberts Court has much to lose .
The successful history of presidential Court - bashing shows how fragile the justices are in the face of presidential attacks supported by a mobilized majority of the country .
Thomas Jefferson attacked his distant cousin and arch-rival , Chief Justice John Marshall , for his “ twistifications ” and suggested he could n’t be trusted ; he encouraged Jeffersonian Republicans to intimidate Federalist judges by impeaching Justice Samuel Chase .
Marshall reciprocated Jefferson ’s disdain , calling him “ the great Lama of the Mountain . ”
But Marshall was so spooked by the Chase impeachment that he anxiously suggested in a letter to Chase that Congress should be allowed to reverse Supreme Court decisions it considered “ unsound . ”
And he fell over himself to accommodate Chase ’s accusers when called to testify at the impeachment .
Marshall had diffused the crisis , and Chase was acquitted .
There was , however , no doubt that Jefferson had accomplished his mission : Marshall acknowledged that he never fought battles that he knew he could n’t win .
Likewise , Abraham Lincoln vaulted from the House to the presidency by bashing the Dred Scott decision .
“ [ I ] f the policy of the government , upon vital questions , affecting the whole people , is to be irrevocably fixed by decisions of the Supreme Court the instant they are made … the people will have ceased to be their own rulers , ” Lincoln declared in his first inaugural address , as an agitated Chief Justice Roger Taney looked on , trembling with rage .
Lincoln continued his attack on the Court in his first State of the Union message , where he proposed reorganizing the federal circuits , part of a broader effort to break the long - standing Southern majority on the Court .
But Lincoln also wisely rejected extreme Republican proposals to pack the Court by expanding it from nine to 13 justices , or to abolish the Taney Court entirely , acknowledging that Supreme Court decisions should be binding when “ fully settled ” by the people of the United States .
This is n’t to say that Lincoln was a moderate on the question of the president ’s power over the Court :
He flouted and denounced Chief Justice Taney ’s opinion challenging his suspension of habeas corpus .
But Lincoln had an intuitive sense that Court - bashing can provoke political backlashes when it looks like an effort to coerce the justices into submission , and that presidential schemes to remake the Court can sometimes backfire when they ’re perceived to threaten judicial independence .
As president , Theodore Roosevelt called the Court “ a menace to the welfare of the nation , ” when it challenged his economic reform agenda .
But , as a presidential candidate in 1912 , he went beyond rhetorical fusillades and , in a progressive fury , proposed the popular recall of judicial decisions through referenda .
He also argued for other state and federal laws that would allow voters to repudiate Supreme Court decisions that challenged the people ’s ability to be “ the ultimate makers of their own Constitution . ”
Only Colorado adopted proposals along these lines .
And , of course , Roosevelt ’s Bull Moose candidacy went down in defeat .
Hollywood blockbusters are n't usually notable for their artistic or political subtlety .
And James Cameron 's latest sci- fi hit , " Avatar , " would seem to be no exception , going by the lament of some critics that the film 's impressive special effects are undercut by a skimpy story line and flat dialogue .
That , however , is not how many Chinese see the film , which tells the story of rapacious humans trying to evict the blue - skinned natives of the planet Pandora in order to extract some exceedingly valuable ...
Support row2k !
If you rely on row2 k , please support row2 k
Roughly 8 percent of your DNA is n't really human .
( How 's that for a morning wake - up call ? )
Instead , it 's the de-activated remnants of ancient retroviruses .
All viruses hijack host cell machinery to replicate themselves , but retroviruses are a little more invasive than most .
These viruses trick cells into turning viral RNA into DNA — the reverse of the normal DNA to RNA transcription process — and then snuggle that DNA right into the rest of the host 's genome .
They mutate frequently and , sometimes , accidentally deactivate themselves — in which case the " dead " viral DNA just ends up hanging out in the human genome .
It 's a sneaky tactic that makes retroviruses — including HIV — difficult to fight .
But it also leaves researchers " fossils " to study , physical evidence of viral evolution and adaptation that is n't really available any other way .
Scientists can separate out the viral DNA from the human , and use it to learn how to better fight modern retroviruses .
Now , the jaw dropping part .
That image above ?
That 's a picture of particles of an ancient virus , budding off of a modern cell .
Researchers at Rockefeller University in New York used computer models to estimate what mutated viral DNA taken from the human genome would have originally looked like , and replicated a working version .
Somewhere , a screenwriter is already hard at work on treatment that can only be described as , " Jurassic Park meets The Hot Zone ! "
Read more :
Dr. Carl E. Taylor , an architect of a 134 - nation agreement that established primary health care as a universal right , died on Feb. 4 in Baltimore .
He was 93 .
The cause was prostate cancer , said the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , where he was a professor emeritus and faculty member for 48 years .
Dr. Taylor conducted research in more than 70 countries and helped establish international health as a distinct academic field in the United States .
His field trials in India 50 years ago were among the first to demonstrate the value of recruiting and training villagers to deliver basic health care in poor communities .
With two others , he wrote a pivotal 1959 study connecting malnutrition and infectious disease .
He was the primary consultant to the World Health Organization on the international Alma - Ata Declaration , adopted at a 1978 conference in Alma - Ata , now Altmaty , Kazakhstan .
The document ’s advocacy of community participation in health care , a position influenced in part by Dr. Taylor ’s research , remains a guiding tenet of public health .
1 2 next »
Kernel Log : Stable kernels analysed , Linux without firmware , new graphics drivers
Thorsten Leemhuis
The development of Linux 2.6.34 has started and is causing heated discussions on the LKML .
LWN . net has analysed Linux 2.6.32.9 for security fixes and found almost twenty of them .
Linux - Libre removes proprietary files from the kernel , and new graphics drivers for Radeon cards offer numerous improvements .
A day after the release of Linux 2.6.33 in the last week of February , Linus Torvalds started merging the most important changes for Linux 2.6.34 .
By last Friday , he had integrated almost five thousand commits , which has added almost two hundred thousand lines of code to the kernel .
Among the new additions to the kernel are the drivers for Apple 's Magic Mouse , a Python scripting engine for the tracing subsystem , and the vhost_net Virtio server designed to reduce overheads when exchanging data with guest systems via Virtio .
The merge window is still open , although this time it might only last 10 or 12 days instead of the full two weeks – this is what Torvalds indicated to persuade the subsystem maintainers not to wait until the last minute with submitting their changes .
However , Torvalds has already criticised a couple of improvements to SquashFS as well as the patches that integrate the subsystem for addressing Ambient Light Sensors ( ALS ) ( 1 , 2 ) ; although they were submitted for 2.6.34 , unless Torvalds changes his mind , these two additions are unlikely to make it into the Linux kernel before version 2.6.35 .
Torvalds also explicitly reminded the maintainers of the basic driver infrastructure ( " driver core " ) and those of the Direct Rendering Manager ( DRM ) that new kernel functions should not be enabled by default during kernel configuration unless there is a specific reason to do so ( 1 , 2 ) .
As a result , the DRM programmers modified some of the submitted patches , which Torvalds eventually integrated into the main development branch on Thursday night .
It was only in a test shortly afterwards that Torvalds noticed what the DRM subsystem maintainer had already pointed out in his git - pull request :
An incompatible API modification to the Nouveau driver for NVIDIA graphics hardware integrated with Linux 2.6.33 .
Those who wish to use the Nouveau driver for X.org , which is based on the kernel driver , consequently have to update this driver as well as the libdrm at the same time – which makes life harder for other testers and users , as using the Nouveau driver for X.org prevents them from simply switching between the pre-modification and the post - modification kernels .
Torvalds ' heavy criticism has sparked sometimes heated and still ongoing discussions in which some of the Nouveau developers point out that Torvalds himself had pushed for a prompt integration even though these and other API modifications were still pending – which is also the reason why the Nouveau driver is still classified as an immature staging driver , as userspace API modifications in fully mature drivers are generally required to be downwards compatible .
Stable Linux
Kernel version 2.6.32.9 , which we already mentioned in the previous Kernel Log , is still the latest kernel in the Stable Series .
As is the case so often with Stable kernels , the release email for this kernel recommends that users update to the new version without explicitly pointing out any security - related corrections .
However , Jonathan Corbet , the founder of the Linux Weekly News ( LWN ) and himself a contributor to the Linux kernel , has taken an exemplary look at the 96 changes in a release candidate of 2.6.32.9 and described them in an article on LWN .
net which is now also available to non-subscribers .
Right at the start , the developer points out that the analysis was a lot of work and that he probably missed a few things .
This proved to be the case , because Corbet had rated 18 of the changes as potential security - related fixes .
However , the article 's first comment already points out that a further fix would have belonged in this category , as the corresponding hole can be exploited for attacks and even has a CVE number ; in further comments , readers speculate about several other , potentially exploitable , corrections that were not rated as security critical .
This demonstrates that simply running the update as suggested in the release email truly is the best idea for the users of self - compiled kernels – such updates are often likely to generate considerably less work than a detailed ( and potentially flawed ) analysis of the changes .
The users of distribution kernels , on the other hand , do n't need to worry about this , because in their case the distributor provides the updates – although users have to rely on the distributors to recognise and incorporate the potential security fixes .
Completely free
The Free Software Foundation Latin America ( FSFLA ) has released Linux - 2.6.33 - libre .
It includes the considerably updated and , therefore , potentially faster libre - kernel de-blob scripts which strip out any Linux 2.6.33 kernel sources the FSFLA considers are n't free ; those who do n't want to run the scripts themselves can also directly download an archive of 2.6.33 without firmware .
Among the components removed in the Libre kernel are several firmware files that are part of the main development branch of Linux that load various essential device drivers into the chips of their associated devices .
The licence of these files allows them to be redistributed together with the Linux kernel ; however , since no source code is included such " binary large objects " ( blobs ) are considered as not free regardless .
As a consequence , some hardware components may not work or may not be fully functional with the Libre kernel and other Linux distributions that do n't include these or similar firmware files .
This could even affect CPUs , which frequently contain bugs that are fixed or bypassed via " microcode " patches .
The motherboard BIOS usually applies such microcode updates before booting the operating system .
As many users only rarely update their BIOS , processor vendors years ago already created interfaces that allow the operating system to apply fresh microcode early on in the boot process .
This allows CPU bug fixes to be deployed quickly and easily via the update function of modern operating systems .
Those who use Linux distributions which do n't deploy microcode updates may , therefore , use the processor 's older microcode version which might not fix some of the CPU bugs .
Incidentally , the kernel developers associated with David Woodhouse have , for quite some time , been working to remove the sometimes tightly - knit driver and firmware interdependencies .
Some distributions have already stopped using the kernel 's firmware files and instead include an archive of firmware files maintained by Woodhouse at kernel.org .
Next : New graphics drivers and " In Brief "
1 2 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-948051
On the heels of health care , a new Harris poll reveals Republican attitudes about Obama : Two - thirds think he 's a socialist , 57 percent a Muslim — and 24 percent say " he may be the Antichrist . "
To anyone who thinks the end of the health - care vote means a return to civility , wake up .
Obama Derangement Syndrome — pathological hatred of the president posing as patriotism — has infected the Republican Party .
Here 's new data to prove it :
67 percent of Republicans ( and 40 percent of Americans overall ) believe that Obama is a socialist .
The belief that Obama is a “ domestic enemy ” is widely held — a sign of trouble yet to come .
57 percent of Republicans ( 32 percent overall ) believe that Obama is a Muslim
45 percent of Republicans ( 25 percent overall ) agree with the Birthers in their belief that Obama was " not born in the United States and so is not eligible to be president "
38 percent of Republicans ( 20 percent overall ) say that Obama is " doing many of the things that Hitler did "
Scariest of all , 24 percent of Republicans ( 14 percent overall ) say that Obama " may be the Antichrist . "
These numbers all come from a brand - new Harris poll , inspired in part by my new book Wingnuts .
It demonstrates the cost of the campaign of fear and hate that has been pumped up in the service of hyper - partisanship over the past 15 months .
We are playing with dynamite by demonizing our president and dividing the United States in the process .
What might be good for ratings is bad for the country .
• Michelle Goldberg : What the Polls Really Show
The poll , which surveyed 2,230 people right at the height of the health - care reform debate , also clearly shows that education is a barrier to extremism .
Respondents without a college education are vastly more likely to believe such claims , while Americans with college degrees or better are less easily duped .
It 's a reminder of what the 19th - century educator Horace Mann once too - loftily said : " Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge . "
The full results of the poll , which will be released in greater detail tomorrow , are even more frightening : including news that high percentages of Republicans — and Americans overall — believe that President Obama is " racist , " " anti-American " " wants the terrorists to win " and " wants to turn over the sovereignty of the United States to a one - world government . "
The " Hatriot " belief that Obama is a " domestic enemy " as set forth in the Constitution is also widely held — a sign of trouble yet to come .
It 's the same claim made by Marine Lance Corporal Kody Brittingham in his letter of intent to assassinate the President Obama .
This poll is the latest and most detailed evidence of the extent to which Wingnuts are hijacking our politics .
It should be a wakeup call to all Americans and a collective reminder , as we move past health - care reform , that we need to stand up to extremism .
John Avlon 's new book Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America is available now by Beast Books both on the Web and in paperback .
He is also the author of Independent Nation : How Centrists Can Change American Politics .
Previously , he served as chief speechwriter for New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and was a columnist and associate editor for The New York Sun .
WHAT were we going to talk about all weekend ?
Nothing ?
Could we scientifically prove the existence of Richard Dawkins ?
What does an atheist scream during sex ?
" Truth , evidence and reason ? "
We 'd heard them all .
We atheists were in heaven at the Rise of Atheism Convention held last weekend .
More than 2500 people , who for many years had felt like the only atheist in the village , were suddenly luxuriating in a free - thinking soup .
There were enough people who looked like Trekkies and scoutmasters for The Chaser boys to say , " Welcome to the Global Atheist Convention , or Revenge Of The Nerds 4 , '' and for all of us to laugh .
There were loads of great lines .
I loved Sue - Ann Post 's take about religion being like going without the lobster in favour of the invisible dessert ; A. C. Grayling 's " Religion and science have a common ancestor - ignorance " ; Dan Barker , ex-minister , now atheist , who spoke about his debate with Cardinal George Pell .
" The debate topic was ' Without God we are Nothing . '
Maybe without God he is nothing . "
Funniest line of the weekend ?
" Here 's a two - word argument against religion : Senator Fielding , '' from ABC 's science guy and confessed '' congregational hedonist '' Robin Williams .
He was referencing Fielding 's appearance with Dawkins on Q and A last week .
Watching Fielding , a creationist , speak , Dawkins looked as if he was witnessing a talking cat .
In our post - Watchmen era , superhero writers often turn to dark 'n ' gritty plots to give their comics greater narrative heft .
Unfortunately , these " adult " story lines are to tragedy what porn is to sex : a hyper - stylized , wholly disposable facsimile of the real thing .
Advertisement
Over the last ten years , superheroes - those snazzily - dressed of the champions of the public good - have been put through the narrative wringer in totally unprecedented ways .
Sure , superheroes have dealt with real - life issues since time immemorial - remember when Green Arrow 's ward Speedy was a junkie ? - but lately our spandex - clad saviors have dealt with imbroglios so profoundly fucked - up they 'd make Rorschach hang up his face in fear .
Advertisement
Let 's go back to Roy Harper a .k.a.
Speedy the junkie .
Since his smackhead days , he 's cleaned up his act , become a single dad , and joined the Justice League .
( Okay okay , even Ambush Bug 's had JLA membership at some point , but still , it 's an impressive feat for a guy whose sole superhero credential is being a extremely good archer . )
Roy 's rise from drug addiction has made him unique among DC heroes - he hit rock bottom and built himself back up .
That 's impressive , no ?
Superman never had a Kryptonijuana addiction or nothing .
What 's Roy been up to lately ?
Well , in last week 's Justice League : Cry For Justice miniseries , the villainous anti-Batman Prometheus tore off Roy 's arm and blew up Star City , Roy 's occasional stomping grounds .
Roy 's young daughter Lian dies in the blast , and her death prompts Roy 's mentor , the principled Green Arrow , to put an arrow between the unsuspecting Prometheus ' eyes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If the phrase " Superhero Tragedy Porn " ever gains enough cultural capital to appear in Merriam - Webster 's , you 'll see the below illustration next to its definition :
Advertisement
That 's a dead elementary schooler Green Arrow 's holding there .
Mind you , this is a comic book about a fellow who dons a Robin Hood costume to fight intergalactic purse snatchers .
Like your average , two - people - doing - the - old - in - out - in - out pornography , superhero tragedy porn is an über - distilled version of the real thing .
In porn , two ( or more ! ) people meet each other and fuck .
Sure , they may meet under the flimsiest of pretenses ( " Oh my , another lost pizza delivery boy ! " ) - but there tends to be no emotional build - up , no courtship , and no names - just the thwap - thwap - thwap of flesh smacking aft and fore .
It 's consumable sex , distilled and ( relatively ) sanitized .
Advertisement
Superhero tragedy porn operates similarly .
Tragedy rockets into our heroes ' lives without warning .
The horrible event is often written simply to elicit shock or give the issue narrative significance .
The misfortune usually falls on a little - known or underused character , so as not to derail the main plot about whatever space carnivore or phantom globule or cyborg zygote that the heroes happen to be fighting that issue .
It is contextless , disposable dolor that drives sales and keeps the interminable comic serial from becoming stale .
Let 's take a look at this panel from the 2008 - 2009 Marvel miniseries Ultimatum .
At this point in the narrative , the hero Hawkeye has discovered the evil mutant Blob chowing down on Hawkeye 's teammate Wasp .
Dig if you will , a picture :
Advertisement
What makes this scene superhero tragedy porn as opposed to merely tragic ?
Here 's some context :
1. ) The Ultimatum miniseries was touted as a bold new direction for Marvel 's Ultimates line ( it sold like gangbusters ) .
2. ) During Ultimatum , Wasp was one of one 20 + characters shucked into the charnel house .
3. ) The Wasp is a character who was at the forefront of Marvel 's popular Ultimates title .
4. ) The Blob 's main personality trait is obesity .
Advertisement
The effect of this panel is to leave the reader gobsmacked ( and yes , I 'm aware the Wasp will become Ultimate Jocasta ) , but there 's no reflection , no follow - up , no nothing .
There 's the shock that an established character has been slaughtered , and only that shock .
This is fast - food calamity .
Death and other such nastiness are part and parcel of the superhero gig .
I 'm not disputing that .
But whereas with regular porn is a solitary , onanistic pursuit , superhero tragedy porn fucks us all .
We get jaded and lose faith in these flying men and women with resplendent hosiery .
We start reading comics about people who wear argyle and collect twee 12 " LPs .
We miss out on these soap operatic übemenschen who can pirouette on the edge of wormholes .
We are poorer for it .
Paradoxically , when superheroes have " adult " problems , the childishness of their pursuits waxes large .
Fifteen years in the making , the “ robosuit ” is due to hit the Japanese market in 2012 when it will initially retail for about one million yen ( £ 8,100 ) , a price tag its makers hope to halve if the device is mass - produced .
This Wednesday , I woke up to find an urgent email in my inbox from the Open Rights Group , letting me know that Lords Razzall and Clement - Jones , both Liberal Democrat peers , had introduced a web censorship amendment to Peter Mandelson 's Digital Economy Bill .
I had a moment 's confusion , because I assumed that the LibDems ( a party I belong to ) would have proposed a bill against web censorship .
But no , our peers had put forward an amendment that would allow courts to order all of Britain 's ISPs to shut off access to specific sites if these sites were found to be involved with copyright infringement .
Like many LibDems , I wrote to the Lords using WriteToThem and told them that promoting censorship – that is , shutting off entire swaths of the web because parts of a site infringed upon copyright – was not consistent with the values of the " party of liberty . "
So I was even more horrified to discover on Thursday that Razzall and Clement - Jones had withdrawn their amendment and entered a new one , jointly with the Tory Lords , that was specifically aimed at eliminating " cyber - lockers " ( also called " web lockers " ) – services like Google Docs , YouSendIt , RapidShare and so on – that allow users to upload files that are too big to be attached to email , and send a private download URL to the recipient instead .
In a statement on Liberal Democrat Voice , Clement Jones defended his amendment , saying :
" Around 35 % of all online copyright infringement takes place on non peer - to - peer sites and services .
Particular threats concern " cyberlockers " which are hosted abroad .
" There are websites which consistently infringe copyright , many of them based outside the UK in countries such as Russia and beyond the jurisdiction of the UK courts .
Many of these websites refuse to stop supplying access to illegal content .
" It is a result of this situation that the Liberal Democrats have tabled an amendment in the Lords which has the support of the Conservatives that enables the High Court to grant an injunction requiring Internet Service Providers to block access to sites . "
Judging from the flood of outraged responses that followed , LibDem members are n't on board with this .
And I 'm among them .
Web lockers are a critical piece of our internet life , and an attempt to ban them is worse than misguided ; it 's actively detrimental to the UK .
First , we must acknowledge that web lockers are useful for more than piracy .
As our routine media files have increased in size - multi-megapixel images , home videos , audio recordings of meetings and so on - it 's become increasingly difficult to use email to share data privately with family , friends and colleagues , because most email servers croak over really big files .
For example , the sound editor for my podcasts uses a web locker to send me the mastered audiofiles for my review ( and he 's not the only audio person who relies on this ; many 's the time I 've had an audiobook publisher send me an MP3 of an audiobook for review through a web locker ) .
There are plenty of personal uses too : my parents live in Canada and are always hungry for video of their granddaughter , but I do n't want to make our home movies available on the public internet , so web lockers save the day for us .
And when my immigration attorneys needed a mountain of scanned bank statements sent to their office for my application for permanent residence in the UK , a web locker made it easy to convey an encrypted archive to them .
There 's no way to square this need for private file sharing with the entertainment industry 's demand that all files be placed in the public sphere , where they can be inspected for infringement .
The reason web lockers are used for piracy is that they support privacy .
A call to end web lockers is really a call to eliminate the public 's ability to exchange personal information out of sight of the wide world .
The only way you can be sure that someone is n't using a web locker to share a bootlegged movie is by shutting off my ability to privately send my mum a video of my toddler in the bath .
And separate from that , there 's the infrastructural cost of establishing a Great Firewall of Britain in order to block access to web lockers .
Developing a system whereby parts of the net can be shut off for all of Britain creates the possibility that someone will use the system to shut off the wrong part of the net .
I 'm not just talking about the danger of a hijacker breaking into the system to shut down or redirect traffic to legitimate sites ( say , Microsoft Security Centre or the BBC ) , but the attractive nuisance presented by such a system .
Once you create the facility to shut off parts of the internet that are implicated in civil disputes , how long will it be before people who 've alleged a libel or are worried about a trade secret being not so secret are lobbying to have this turned to their aid ?
Which is n't to say that this will actually stop infringement .
File sharers have already demonstrated their ability to use the perfectly legal , widespread proxy services abroad to circumvent network blocks - ask any 14 - year - old whose school network is censored by blocking software and I guarantee you 'll get an education in how to evade this kind of thing .
Which is great news if you 're a pirate , but why should sound engineers , doting grandparents , and solicitors have to learn how to evade the Great Firewall in order to conduct their legitimate business ?
It 's not as if this has n't been tried abroad .
When South Korea and the US signed a Free Trade Agreement in 2007 , Korea - a global powerhouse on the IT front - agreed to take major steps to lock down its Internet , including a prohibition on web lockers .
Three years later , Korea has slipped badly in the global league tables and finds itself bringing more and more criminal sanctions against its young people .
" The party of liberty " needs to rein in these Lords , and not just because a failure to disavow them will cost the LibDems votes in May ; but because this amendment is bad for the UK , bad for copyright , and bad for freedom .
The Kodak patents have been disputed in court before
Camera maker Kodak has said it will sue Apple and Research In Motion ( RIM ) , the makers of the iPhone and Blackberry , over technology used in their handsets .
Kodak has filed a complaint with the US International Trade Commission ( ITC ) .
It alleges the iPhone and Blackberry use technology for previewing pictures that infringe Kodak patents .
It has also filed two separate suits against Apple that claim infringements of patents relating to digital cameras and certain computer processes .
Kodak has asked the ITC to bar both firms from shipping the phones and has asked for undisclosed monetary damages .
RIM and Apple declined to comment .
Legal scrutiny
" We 've had discussions for years with both companies in an attempt to resolve this issue amicably , and we have not been able to reach a satisfactory agreement , " said Laura Quatela , chief intellectual property officer at Kodak .
" In light of that , we are taking this action to ensure that we protect the interests of our shareholders and the existing licensees of our technology . "
The patent for Kodak 's picture previewing technology has already been the subject of one dispute .
On 17 December 2009 , an ITC judge ruled that camera - enabled phones made by Samsung infringed upon the Kodak patent .
The separate filing against Apple has also been scrutinised in court in a case against Sun Microsystems .
In that case , a federal jury determined that Sun's Java programming technology had infringed Kodak 's patents .
Sun later agreed to pay Kodak in return for a license for the patents at issue .
Apple is currently in the middle of a legal dispute with phone giant Nokia .
In October , Nokia alleged that the iPhone infringed 10 of its " fundamental " patents relating to wireless technologies .
Apple countered with its own lawsuit in December , accusing Nokia of copying its technology .
Since then Nokia has complained to the ITC and launched a further legal action that alleges " virtually all " of Apple 's products infringe on its patents .
Advertisements
Mr. Easley is the founder / managing editor and Senior White House and Congressional correspondent for PoliticusUSA .
Jason has a Bachelor ’s Degree in Political Science .
His graduate work focused on public policy , with a specialization in social reform movements .
Awards and Professional Memberships
Member of the Society of Professional Journalists and The American Political Science Association
Artist Bio
Nikki McClure of Olympia , Washington is known for her painstakingly intricate and beautiful paper cuts .
Armed with an X - acto knife , she cuts out her images from a single sheet of paper and creates a bold language that translates the complex poetry of motherhood , nature , and activism into a simple and endearing picture .
Her work depicts the virtues of hard labor and patience , which is inherent in her process as well as in the images themselves : weathered hands washing dishes , people sweeping , mothers caring for their babies , and farmers working the land .
But there is also a large element of celebration , of taking the time to roll around in the grass and get wet from the early morning dew .
The need for all of us to lay down on the ground , grab hold of the earth , look at the stars and dream .
She magnifies the importance of simple things , like the change of seasons , slowing down the world for a moment so we can actually taste it .
Nikki ’s images exude a positivity that revolves around community , sustenance , parenting , and appreciating both the urban and rural landscape , undoubtedly influenced by her home in the Northwest and specifically Olympia .
As one of the more prominent visual artists involved with Olympia - based record labels K and Kill Rock Stars , as well as the Riot Grrrl movement in the early nineties , Nikki ’s work still embodies the fiercely independent fire that fueled the passion and creativity of that time period .
She regularly produces her own posters , books , cards , t- shirts and a beloved yearly calendar as well as designs covers for countless records and books , including illustrations for magazines the Progressive and Punk Planet .
She is a self - taught artist who has been making paper - cuts since 1996 .
- Cinders Gallery
Nikki McClure ’s Website
The following clarification was published on Sunday 21 March 2010
Alex Ferguson has asked us to confirm that , contrary to claims from City sources reported in " Alex Ferguson ' backing bid to buy Manchester United ' , say City financiers " , The Observer , 7 March 2010 , he is not involved in the Red Knights and does not support their proposed bid to take over Manchester United .
If this was not clear in the article , we regret any misunderstanding .
Senior City financiers allied to the wealthy consortium planning a takeover of Manchester United claim Sir Alex Ferguson is supporting the controversial bid .
Several key sources have told the Observer that they believe that the Old Trafford manager would be prepared to invest his own money in the club if the bid by the group known as the " Red Knights " were to succeed .
" Alex Ferguson is not only supportive of the bid but would be prepared , if successful , to back it , " claimed one source who described it as a " killer blow " for the American Glazer family who bought the club in 2005 and who are now facing massive protests from fans because of the club 's debts .
Another senior City figure , who also requested anonymity , said : " We all know we have his support , that he likes the people involved , but we can't embarrass him . "
Last night Ferguson furiously denied that he was supporting the buyout in any way .
" It 's absolute rubbish .
Not an ounce of truth in it , " he said .
A spokesman for the Red Knights refused to discuss Ferguson 's position .
Leading their bid is Jim O'Neill , chief economist of Goldman Sachs , a member of the United board before the Glazer takeover and a close friend of the United manager .
O'Neill has angered the Glazers by criticising the debt United have been forced to carry .
Any sign of Ferguson 's support would galvanise the takeover bid which could see Manchester United being sold for as much as £ 1.2 bn even though the Glazer family consistently say the club is not for sale .
The latest figures show that it has debts of £ 716 m .
The Observer 's revelation of these claims will raise the stakes at a sensitive stage in the bid but may encourage some of the wealthy waverers who have shown tentative interest in signing up to the consortium .
Ferguson has declined to attack the Red Knights ' plans , saying they were entitled to protest against the Glazers .
He said : " I know some of them , I 'm quite friendly with a couple of them .
If they want to try to buy the club , it 's entirely up to them . "
But he has never criticised the US owners of United despite allegations from fans that his transfer kitty is being affected as money is draining out of the club to service its huge debt .
Last month the United manager told the Observer : " I 've got owners who have never caused me any bother .
Any time I 've asked for money they 've given it to us .
The Glazers have been fine with me , I 've never had any problem . "
The club 's chief executive , David Gill , has said a takeover from the Red Knights would be unworkable while adding he was " confident " that the Glazer family retain the support of Ferguson .
Yet those close to the consortium claim they would not have launched their audacious bid to buy United without believing the manager was behind them .
High - profile figures involved in the Red Knights include investment banker Keith Harris who has called on fans to boycott games .
Yesterday it also emerged that another City grandee had joined the team .
The former chief executive of Centrica , Sir Roy Gardner , is said to have emerged as another investor .
Gardner , a former chairman of Manchester United , resigned soon after Malcom Glazer took control of the club for £ 800 m in 2005 .
Since the Red Knights ' takeover plans emerged last Monday , the Manchester United Supporters '
Trust has seen membership soar in a show of support for the potential new owners .
Last night membership was inching towards 120,000 – more than double the figure when the Red Knights bid was announced .
Many fans are angry over rising ticket prices in tandem with the amount of money being taken out of the club by the Glazers to service the debt .
Ferguson is attempting to guide United towards an unprecedented fourth consecutive Premier League crown and a third Champions League final in a row , an achievement never before realised by a British club .
The manager , who has won 26 trophies in 24 years at Old Trafford , has refused to criticise fans wearing gold and green scarves , which symbolise opposition to the Glazers , saying " all sinners welcome " .
The campaign , based on the colours of United 's forerunners , Newton Heath , was conceived as a visible statement against the club 's US owners and the growing level of anti-Glazer sentiment is evident in their rising presence on the terraces .
//
All for F1 and F1 for all
Hot Porn Pics , Best Sex Images and Free XXX Photos on Mobile Entertainment Porn
We 've heard a lot of hype , on both sides , about the healthcare reform bill President Obama signed today .
But how will it really affect our future ?
Here are five dystopias it may save us from , and one it could cause .
Advertisement
Oh , and there are spoilers in this post .
Watch out !
So the House of Representatives passed The White House / Congressional Leadership Reconciliation Bill ( H.R. 4872 ) on Sunday , and President Obama signed it today .
( There are still procedural hurdles in the Senate , but it 's basically a done deal , by all accounts . )
So now it 's all over except for the court cases , giant stacks of regulations , and the inevitable followup bills . *
Advertisement
You can read the whole text of the bill here , and there 's a great comparison with the previous House and Senate bills here ( PDF ) .
So what does the bill actually do , in its final form , and how could it make our future more or less dystopian ?
Glad you asked .
Here are some dystopian scenarios that the bill makes less likely :
1 ) The mutant plague .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
An affluent country in which 30 million people only have access to health care through emergency rooms and a few other sources is a scary situation .
When such a huge slice of your population is n't getting basic screenings and preventive care , it 's like a welcome mat to weird diseases .
It does n't take much imagination to picture a scenario where a new epidemic sweeps through the uninsured population , gaining too much traction for public health officials to be able to cope with it by the time it reaches the rest of the country .
But even if you discount a 28 Days Later / I Am Legend * * type scenario , it makes basic sense that even people with health insurance are healthier if those who currently lack it get proper treatment .
Advertisement
Under the bill that President Obama just signed into law , insurers will no longer be able to deny anyone coverage based on a preexisting condition , or end coverage for existing customers using a process called " rescission . "
And there are no more lifetime limits on how many benefits you can receive .
If your employer does n't provide coverage for you ( or does n't pay enough of the cost ) you 'll be able to buy insurance on a state - run " exchange , " where insurers compete to offer the best coverage at the lowest cost .
And if your income is below a certain threshold , your insurance premiums will be subsidized .
Also , there 'll be no more " doughnut hole , " where Medicare drug coverage stops after a certain cost level and then resumes after a " catastrophic " cost level .
Also , Medicaid doctor visits , including things like immunizations , will pay at the same rate as Medicare , meaning doctors will suddenly be a lot more open to seeing Medicaid patients for those things .
Advertisement
And the law eliminates Medicare co-payments and deductibles for preventive services , and phases in a similar requirement for private health plans .
Plus here 's a pretty good list of some of the other things the bill will do to improve preventative care and rural health care , among other things .
Advertisement
So how could improving access to health care services , and especially to preventive care , help to stave off the zombie apocalypse ?
Well , it means more of the population will be getting checkups , which means nasty diseases are likelier to be caught early .
Assistant Secretary of Health Howard K. Koh , MD says that healthcare reform will have a net - positive effect on public health generally , because so many more people will have access to preventive care and immunizations .
Koh cites a recent study saying 100,000 people die in the United States every year because of lack of access to basic preventive care , like flu shots .
So even if you already have great insurance , you ''ll be healthier because other people will have it now .
And you 're less likely to be eaten by super - plague - mutants .
Advertisement
2 ) The vanishing middle class , as society splits into the rulers and the undercity .
Advertisement
It 's a staple of dystopian science fiction — the world divided into the privileged few , who live high above the smog belt in their shiny penthouses , and the downtrodden rabble , who live in the streets below .
Usually there are sewer mutants too .
And a world in which fewer and fewer people can afford decent health coverage , because insurance is getting more and more expensive and selective , is a big piece of that dystopia .
So is a world where people are driven into bankruptcy and lose their homes because of catastrophic health care expenses .
And a world where health insurance companies are making billions in profits , based on their ability to avoid providing care , is definitely one in which a few lucky people are ascending into the evil penthouses .
Advertisement
In the short term , at least , this law will be good for the insurance companies — you 'll be required by law to buy health insurance from them , after all .
Talking to Business Week , Phillip Seligman with Standard & Poors Equity Research says the new law will be a net positive for managed care organizations because they 'll gain so many new members , providing economies of scale .
But there 's at least a decent chance that these exchanges , where insurance companies compete to offer the best deal , will drive down prices over time .
There 's also a lot of leeway for the administrators of the exchanges to kick out insurers who raise prices or abuse customers , until they fix their wagons .
And even though we did n't get a " public option " where the government competes with those insurers , a regulated marketplace seems like the next best thing — and some observers think it could lead to the introduction of a public option down the road .
Advertisement
The bill also includes some new taxes on high - income Americans that will make some steps towards reducing the gulf between " haves " and " have nots " — including higher Medicare payroll taxes for individuals making more than $ 200,000 per year , excises on super high - end " Cadillac " health plans , and businesses that do n't offer sufficient insurance for their employees .
These taxes will mostly hit the wealthiest Americans , and depending on how you feel about progressive taxation , they 're either a step away from dystopia or a step towards one .
In any case , the future dystopia where most people live in the gutter and a few people live in the heavens has just gotten a wee bit less likely .
Advertisement
3 ) Corporate serfdom .
It 's sort of related , but a common theme in dystopian science fiction is the world where you belong to a corporation , body and soul .
Think Jennifer Government by Max Barry , where your last name is the name of the company you work for .
In such a world , usually , your fashion choices are severely constrained and sometimes the evil company is just called The Company or The Corporation .
The only way out of corporate serfhood is to die .
Etc. etc. etc .
Advertisement
And obviously , a world where you can't quit your corporate job for fear of losing health insurance is one where you 're a little bit serf -y .
This has long been a secret tax on entrepreneurs , since leaving a big company and starting your own small company has meant going without health coverage .
And then there 's the Kafka - esque corporate bureaucracy thing .
If you 're like me , you 've only had the occasional brush with obstructive government bureaucrats — but frustrating conversations with health insurance company bureaucrats are a constant fact of life .
The health insurance behemoths spend jillions of premium dollars paying a small army of people to figure out ways to deny coverage or make your life more complicated , and it's a horrendously inefficient system .
You can spend hours on hold , being transferred , filling out stacks of forms , getting transferred again , and generally being circle - jerked around .
It 's like a parody of Brazil .
Advertisement
The new law wo n't completely eliminate this delightful process , but it 'll reduce the scope for companies to behave this way massively .
No doubt insurers will still have their own idiosyncratic views of what 's " medically necessary , " but at least they 'll have a new level oversight in these exchanges .
And given how much energy the bill spends on measuring what forms of care result in higher quality care and which are totally useless , we could soon have more actual clinical info with which to argue for treatments that really do make a difference .
It 's just a wee step away from a world ruled by evil corporations .
Advertisement
4 ) Our entire economy gets turned over to health care spending , plus maybe defense .
This is the one that keeps me up at night .
Health spending , as a percentage of GDP , has been skyrocketing in the U.S. for the past decade or so , despite a bit of a slowdown .
No , seriously .
I 'm not kidding .
This dire chart keeps me laying awake at night sometimes :
Advertisement
( Source . )
It goes without saying that this is an unsustainable trend — and if health spending really reached 50 percent of GDP by the middle of the century , we 'd basically all just be working to pay our doctor and hospital bills .
This trend affects both the federal government and private employers , both of whom are faced with the same problem : keeping people healthy and coping with common diseases is getting more and more expensive all the time .
Advertisement
Why has healthcare gotten so expensive ?
This is a question with no easy answer — if you want a giggle sometime , read the meeting transcripts of the Medicare Payments Advisory Commission ( an advisory body so toothless , the word " toothless " is practically part of its name . )
The most recent transcript , for the March meeting , actually starts out with one of the commissioners declaring " my head hurts . "
There are many explanations for skyrocketing costs , though : Fancy new technologies save more lives , but they 're also tremendously expensive .
Doctors perform extra tests to cover their asses , or just on the off chance they find something .
We have too many specialists and not enough primary care doctors — if you happen to live in a place with a spinal surgeon , you 're a thousand times more likely to have a particular type of spinal surgery than if you live in the next county over , as a fascinating publication called the Dartmouth Health Atlas illustrates .
Health insurance companies work hard to reduce their " medical loss ratios " — the percentage of premium dollars they spend on providing actual care .
We do n't spend enough on prevention , and we spend too much on fixing messes we could have prevented .
We eat too many Big Macs and smoke too many Camels .
And so on , and so on .
Advertisement
So , I hear you asking , is n't the new health care reform bill likely to increase spending , what with the federal government paying for more stuff ?
Hopefully not .
The bill includes a lot of cost - cutting measures , some of which could also improve the quality of health care over time .
For one thing , the huge giveaway to private insurers taking part in the Medicare Advantage program is being scaled back — there 'll no longer be such huge subsidies to cover patients whom vanilla Medicare would have covered for a lot less .
Some of the oversight in those insurance exchanges may include making sure insurers are being " prudent purchasers " of health care .
There 's also a new pilot program on " bundling , " in which hospitals get a flat payment for ten common conditions , instead of getting paid separately for each procedure or test they do .
( Bundling already exists , to some extent , but this would expand it somewhat . )
Advertisement
Just having more young , healthy people in the risk pool for insurance may help to bring costs down a bit , because young people will pay premiums without incurring as many costs .
The old " toothless " Medicare commission is replaced or supplemented with a new body , the Independent Payment Advisory Board , which would come up with legislative proposals to reduce Medicare spending if it rises faster than a certain target rate by 2013 .
The IPAB is n't allowed to come up with proposals that would " ration care , " but can find ways to streamline services or reduce overpayments .
Advertisement
The bill also puts pressure on doctors to take part in Medicare 's quality - measurement program , which has been voluntary up till now — and that could yield more data that allows the government to cut spending a lot more .
People talk a lot about " evidence - based medicine " as one of the keys to cost - cutting , and it 's really true .
We waste money because we do n't know what works .
As Princeton health - care economist Uwe Reinhart tells Ezra Klein , insurance companies will no longer be spending 40 percent of their premiums on marketing and administration and brokers , thanks to the exchanges .
But Reinhart mostly just sees the new law as a good step towards reducing costs , because it allows us to gather actual data on health costs and outcomes .
" When McAllen , Texas , became the poster child for high spending , suddenly the Wall Street Journal jumped out to say that its spending was justified !
The only way to answer that is to have the really good research to say this is n't justified . "
Advertisement
Of course , we do n't know yet if the new law will reduce costs , or whether the cost of insuring so many more people will actually drive costs up .
( Plus the law does n't fix Medicare 's Sustainable Growth Rate system , a mechanism which cuts doctors '
Medicare payments every year , and that 's going to be an expensive fix . )
But the experts , including the Congressional Budget Office , are optimistic about savings at this point .
5 ) The Fast Food Apocalpyse !
You want scary ?
This is scary .
Advertisement
It 's like Russell T. Davies ' worst nightmare : Millions of people eating junky food at chain restaurants , without having the least inkling what they 're putting in their mouths .
But no longer .
As food blogger Marion Nestle pointed out , the new law includes a long - awaited provision requiring national calorie labeling on menus for any restaurant with 20 outlets or more .
That means you 'll know exactly how many calories your hamburger or salad contains .
( According to the Associated Press , a chain - restaurant Caesar salad has 800 calories , which is sort of alarming . )
And apparently the restaurant industry actually lobbied for this change , so they would n't have to deal with varying state and local laws .
Advertisement
Just having the calorie counts listed plainly on every restaurant menu could make people healthier , in some small way .
But it 's not all good news .
There 's one dystopia that the new law makes more likely :
The Socialist Totalitarian state
Could the new healthcare reform law eventually lead to the government taking over the healthcare industry completely ?
Sure , it 's possible .
A lot of people are not so secretly hoping that will happen .
We could find ourselves living in 1984 , or Brazil , or any of a number of other statist dystopias where the government controls everything .
Although it 's a bit hard to envision the leap from subsidized health insurance to Room 101 .
Advertisement
But if you want to think of ways this new scheme could turn dystopian , it 's not that hard .
The government could use access to affordable health care to control people — already , young people are going to have to pay higher premiums than older people .
And what if , in a cost - cutting measure , the government eventually decides that smokers must pay higher premiums ?
Since it 's their own fault that they 're at higher risk for emphysema and lung cancer .
That 's not in the law now , but it could be added at some point in the future .
Advertisement
Even if we do n't get the public option at some point , the law certainly gives the government more of a role in regulating the health insurance industry — for example , there 's an " essential benefits plan " that specifies exactly what sort of care , at minimum , your insurer will have to offer you .
So yes , this is a definite step towards a world where the government runs the health care industry , and this gives the government functionaries a greater degree of control over your life .
You could imagine a future where the federal government uses access to health care as an instrument of social policy — maybe if you criticize President Obama ( or his successor , perhaps ) your Platinum health plan might suddenly be downgraded to a Bronze one ?
This is n't something that 's in the current law — but maybe ( if the Democrats get 70 seats in the Senate and a 100 - vote majority in the House , say ) this could happen .
Advertisement
And of course , if you 're a dedicated conservative who does n't believe the government has a role in helping to solve problems like lack of access to healthcare , and you hate progressive taxation and government programs generally , then it 's all dystopian .
As with most things , it 's all in your point of view .
* The last major revision to federal health policy , the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 , spawned years of annual bills tweaking and unraveling some of its provisions , including the beautifully named Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 .
It 's just like the Balanced Budget Act , only more ... refined .
Possibly with nice tea cups , or those little finger sandwiches .
Advertisement
** And yes , I know that the diseases in those movies are actually caused by medical science .
So maybe healthcare reform will turn us all into zombies ?
My Haskell TronBot for the Google AI Challenge
Published on March 1 , 2010 under the tag
My bot turned out to be the top scoring Haskell bot , so here 's the codePublished on March 1 , 2010 under the tag haskell
This is the code for my entry in the Google AI Challenge 2010 .
It turned out to be the best Belgian and the best Haskell bot ( screenshot ) , so I thought some people might be interested in the code .
Luckily , I have been writing this bot in Literate Haskell since the beginning , for a few reasons :
I always wanted to try Literate Haskell for something “ more serious ” .
This will force me to keep the code more or less readable and clean .
I am going to keep the code in one file , so it ’s quite easy to maintain as well .
module Main where
This is the actual code of my bot , as submitted in the contest .
The only changes made after the deadline are :
Cleanup ( mostly removing Debug.trace statements ) .
statements ) .
Adding more explanations and comments .
Anyway , some disclaimers .
Disclaimer 1 : This is quite a large source file / blogpost .
If you ’re not interested at all , this could be a boring read .
Disclaimer 2 : This code is unfinished .
There are some situations in which this bot will make very bad decisions .
Possibly , there are situations that can crash him , which leads us to disclaimer 3 .
Disclaimer 3 : I can not be held responsible if my bot initiates a nuclear attack in an attempt to wipe out the human race .
Before we begin , our Bot uses three important strategies :
We start , as always , by importing the needed modules .
import System .
Time import System .IO import Control .
Monad import Control .
Applicative ( ( <$ > ) ) ( ( ) ) import Data .
Ord ( comparing ) ( comparing ) import Data .
List ( transpose , nub , sortBy ) ( transpose , nub , sortBy ) import qualified Data .
Set as S import Data .
Set ( Set , ( \\ ) ) , ( \\ ) ) import qualified Data .
Array .
Unboxed as UA import Data .
Array .
Unboxed ( (! ) ) ( (! ) ) import Control .
Concurrent import Data .
Maybe ( fromJust , isNothing , isJust , listToMaybe ) ( fromJust , isNothing , isJust , listToMaybe )
To represent Tile s – positions on the 2D grid – we use a simple tuple .
type Tile = ( Int , Int )
Because of this , we can write a very concise function to find the adjacent tiles .
As you can see , I inline this function here to avoid some overheads .
I use this on several places throughout the code .
adjacentTiles :: Tile -> [ Tile ] = [ ( x , y - 1 ) adjacentTiles ( x , y ) [ ( x , y + 1 , y ) , ( x , y ) + 1 ) , ( x , y - 1 , y ) , ( x , y ) ] {-# INLINE adjacentTiles #-}
There ’s a simple formula for calculating the Pythagorean distance between tiles .
We use this in combination with the “ real ” distance ( the distance when taking walls etc. into account ) .
We can leave this distance squared , not taking the sqrt is a little faster , and we only have to compare distances , and x ^2 < y^2 implies x < y , because distances are always non-negative .
distanceSquared :: Tile -> Tile -> Int = ( x1 - x2 ) ^ 2 + ( y1 - y2 ) ^ 2 distanceSquared ( x1 , y1 ) ( x2 , y2 ) ( x1x2 ) ( y1y2 )
Now , we need a data structure for the board .
data BoardBase = BoardBase { baseWidth :: Int , baseHeight :: Int , baseWalls :: UA .
UArray Tile Bool , baseBotPosition :: Tile , baseEnemyPosition ::
Tile } deriving ( Show )
However , we also want a board structure that can be adjusted very quickly .
We will therefore wrap the BoardBase in another structure , capable of making a few quick adjustments .
This Board will be used to consider “ possible ” moves .
When we make a move on this Board type , we just have to add a wall to the Set , and an element to the list of positions .
data Board = Board { boardBase :: BoardBase , boardAdditionalWalls :: Set Tile , boardBotPositionList :: [ Tile ] , boardEnemyPositionList :: [ Tile ] } deriving ( Show )
We can create a Board from a BoardBase very quickly .
boardFromBase :: BoardBase ->
Board = Board { boardBase = base boardFromBase base { boardBasebase = S.empty , boardAdditionalWallsS.empty = [ baseBotPosition base ] , boardBotPositionList[ baseBotPosition base ] = [ baseEnemyPosition base ] , boardEnemyPositionList[ baseEnemyPosition base ] }
Now , let ’s define some easy functions we can apply on a Board .
The positions of the bot and the enemy are determined by the last move added to their list of moves .
boardBotPosition :: Board ->
Tile = head .
boardBotPositionList boardBotPositionboardBotPositionList {-# INLINE boardBotPosition #-}
boardEnemyPosition :: Board ->
Tile = head .
boardEnemyPositionList boardEnemyPositionboardEnemyPositionList {-# INLINE boardEnemyPosition #-}
Later on , we will construct “ possible ” next Board s. Given such a Board , we want to determine the first move our Bot made , since that would be the move our AI will choose .
This might give no result , so we wrap it in a Maybe type .
boardBotMove :: Board ->
Maybe Tile = listToMaybe .
tail .
reverse .
boardBotPositionList boardBotMovelistToMaybeboardBotPositionList
Checking if a certain tile is a wall is quite simple – but we need to remember we also have to check the additional walls in the Board .
We first check for boundaries to prevent errors , then we check in the walls first , because Array access is faster than Set access here .
Also , we really want to inline this function , because it is called over 9000 times .
isWall :: Board -> Tile ->
Bool @ ( x , y ) = x < 0 || x >= baseWidth base isWall board tile( x , y ) base Width base || y < 0 || y >= baseHeight base baseHeight base || ( baseWalls base ) !
tile ( baseWalls base ) tile || tile `S.member` boardAdditionalWalls board tileboard AdditionalWalls board where = boardBase board baseboardBase board {-# INLINE isWall #-}
What now follows is the function with which we read the Board from a number of lines .
This is quite boring code , so you can safely skip it .
readBoard :: Int -> Int -> [ String ] ->
Board = boardFromBase readBoard width height lines ' boardFromBase BoardBase { baseWidth = width { baseWidthwidth = height , baseHeightheight = walls , baseWallswalls = find ' 1 ' , baseBotPositionfind = find ' 2 ' , baseEnemyPositionfind } where = concat $ transpose $ map ( take width ) lines ' stringtransposewidth ) lines ' = UA.listArray (( 0 , 0 ) , ( width - 1 , height - 1 ) ) string matrixUA.listArray ( ( ) , ( width , height ) ) string = UA.amap ( == ' # ' ) matrix wallsUA.amap ( ) matrix = head [ i | i <- UA.indices matrix , matrix !
i == c ] find c[ iUA.indices matrix , matrixc ]
Although we do not use the next function in the AI , it is quite handy for testing reasons , when playing around with ghci .
readBoardFromFile :: FilePath ->
IO Board = do readBoardFromFile file h <- openFile file ReadMode openFile file <- hGetLine h linehGetLine h let [ width , height ] = map read $ words line [ width , height ] line <- hGetContents h contentshGetContents h return $ readBoard width height ( lines contents ) readBoard width height ( contents )
Next is a function to inspect the entire Board , to determine it ’s value later on .
It uses a flood fill based approach .
It starts one flood fill starting from the enemy , and one starting from our bot .
This determines the space left for each combatant .
Also , when the two flood meet , we have found a path between them .
This double flood fill is illustrated here in this animation :
Flood fill illustration
The function returns :
The free space around the bot .
The free space around the enemy .
The distance between the bot and the enemy , or Nothing if there is no path from the bot to the enemy .
inspectBoard :: Board -> ( Int , Int , Maybe Int ) = inspectBoard board floodFill ( S.singleton botPosition , S.singleton enemyPosition ) 0 , 0 ) 0 Nothing S.empty ( where = boardBotPosition board botPositionboardBotPosition board = boardEnemyPosition board enemyPositionboardEnemyPosition board
Because we have to make all decisions in under one second , we have a depth limit for our flood fill .
When this limit is reached , the result will be the same as if we encountered walls in all directions .
= 25 maxDepth
This is a small auxiliary function that extends isWall with the enemy and bot positions - we do not want to fill any of those two positions .
= isWall board tile is Blocked tileisWall board tile || tile == botPosition tilebotPosition || tile == enemyPosition tileenemyPosition
This is the main queue - based flood fill function .
It ’s arguments are :
A tuple of two Set s , containing the neighbour tiles of the bot ’s flood , and those of the enemy ’s flood .
s , containing the neighbour tiles of the bot ’s flood , and those of the enemy ’s flood .
A
Set of already flooded tiles .
of already flooded tiles .
A tuple of two Int s , containing the number of tiles filled by the bot , and the number of tiles filled by the enemy .
s , containing the number of tiles filled by the bot , and the number of tiles filled by the enemy .
The current depth of our search .
The best distance from the bot to the enemy , or Nothing if not found yet .
It works in a fairly straightforward recursive way .
flood Fill :: ( Set Tile , Set Tile ) -> Set Tile -> ( Int , Int ) ->
Int -> Maybe Int -> ( Int , Int , Maybe Int ) floodFill ( neighbours1 , neighbours2 ) set ( fill1 , fill2 ) currentDepth currentDistance
If we reached our search limit , or we have no more tiles to inspect , we just return what we currently have .
| ( S.null neighbours1 && S.null neighbours2 ) ( S.null neighbours 1S.null neighbours2 ) || maxDepth <= currentDepth = ( fill1 , fill2 , currentDistance ) maxDepthcurrentDepth( fill1 , fill2 , currentDistance )
Otherwise , we expand our search .
| otherwise = flood Fill ( validNext1 , validNext2 ) newSet + S.size validNext1 , fill2 + S.size validNext2 ) ( fill1S.size validNext1 , fill2S.size validNext2 ) + 1 ) distance ( currentDepth ) distance where
The next tiles to add are those adjacent to the current neighbours of the flood .
= S.filter ( not . is Blocked ) .
S.fromList getNextS.filter ( isBlocked ) S.fromList .
concatMap adjacentTiles .
S.toList adjacentTilesS.toList = getNext neighbours1 next1getNext neighbours1 = getNext neighbours2 next2getNext neighbours2
If the enemy is in the next set of neighbours , we have found our distance .
If there is no intersection at all , we have n’t reached the enemy yet .
We have to do a little trickery here , because the distance could be even or odd .
= if S.null ( next1 ` S.intersection` next2 ) odd 'S.null ( next1next2 ) then Nothing else Just ( 2 * currentDepth + 1 ) currentDepth = if S.null ( next1 ` S.intersection` neighbours2 ) && even 'S.null ( next1neighbours2 ) ` S.intersection` neighbours1 ) S.null ( next2neighbours1 ) then Nothing else Just ( 2 * currentDepth ) currentDepth ) = currentDistance `mplus` odd ' `mplus` even ' distancecurrentDistanceodd'even '
Now , we enlarge our Set of already added tiles and remove them from the next tiles to add ( since they are already added ) .
We also filter out the non-accessible Tile s , and we make sure no Tile s appear in both validNext1 and validNext2 .
= set `S.union` neighbours 1 `S.union` neighbours 2 newSetsetneighbours1neighbours2 = next1 \\ newSet validNext1next1 \\ newSet = next2 \\ newSet validNext2next2 \\ newSet
The algorithm needs to be able to determine the “ best ” choice in some way or another .
So we need to be able compare two games .
To make this easier , we can assign a Score to a game - and we then make these Score s comparable .
data Score = Win | Loss | Draw
In theory , these are the only possible outcomes .
In reality , these values are often situated at the bottom of our game tree – and we ca n’t look down all the way .
Therefore , we also have a Game score – describing a game in progress .
The Game constructor simply holds some fields so we can determine it ’s value :
Free space for the bot , as determined by a flood fill .
Free space for the enemy , as determined by a flood fill .
Just d if d is the distance to the enemy .
If the enemy cannot be reached , or is to far away to be detected , this will be Nothing .
if is the distance to the enemy .
If the enemy cannot be reached , or is to far away to be detected , this will be .
The number of adjacent walls next to the bot , after the first move .
The Pythagorean distance to the enemy ( squared ) .
| Game Int Int ( Maybe Int )
Int Int deriving ( Eq , Show )
To choose the best game , we need a way to compare games .
That ’s why we implement the Ord class .
A win is always the best , and a loss is always the worse .
instance Ord Score where Win <= _ = False Loss <= _ = True
We only see a draw as worse if our bot would have less space otherwise .
This is a quite pessimistic view , but well , we ca n’t risk too much .
Draw <= ( Game botSpace enemySpace _ _ _ ) = botSpace enemySpace _ _ _ ) >= enemySpace botSpaceenemySpace
Comparing two games is harder , since we have to make “ guesses ” here .
( Game bs1 es1 ds1 aw1 pd1 ) <= ( Game bs2 es2 ds2 aw2 pd2 ) bs1 es1 ds1 aw1 pd1)bs2 es2 ds2 aw2 pd2 )
When there is a space difference : choose direction with most free space .
| sp1 /= sp2 = sp1 <= sp2 sp1sp2sp1sp2
When the enemy is not reachable : choose direction with most adjacent walls , as this fills our space quite efficiently .
| isNothing ds1 && isNothing ds2 = aw1 <= aw2 isNothing ds1isNothing ds2aw1aw2
When the enemy is reachable from both situations , we choose smallest distance .
First we try the “ real ” distance , then the Pythagorean distance .
| isJust ds1 && isJust ds2 = isJust ds1isJust ds2 if ds1 /= ds2 then fromJust ds1 >= fromJust ds2 ds1ds2fromJust ds1fromJust ds2 else pd1 >= pd2 pd1pd2
Now , there are some edge cases left .
We prefer to create situations were we “ lock up ” the other bot , but only if it means we have more space than the other bot .
| isJust ds1 && isNothing ds2 = bs2 >= es2 isJust ds1isNothing ds2bs2es2 | isNothing ds1 && isJust ds2 = bs1 >= es1 isNothing ds1isJust ds2bs1es1 where
The free space mentioned is determined as the bot space minus the enemy space .
= bs1 - es1 sp1bs1es1 = bs2 - es2 sp2bs2es2
We ’re not going to write everything twice , so if pattern matching failed , try the other way around :
a <= b = b >= a
Okay , when building our game tree , we need to find out if a certain node in the Alpha - Beta tree is a leaf .
A leaf means the game ends - so there ’s either a collision , or a draw .
gameIsLeaf :: Board ->
Bool = botPosition == enemyPosition gameIsLeaf boardbotPositionenemyPosition || isWall board botPosition isWall board botPosition || isWall board enemyPosition isWall board enemyPosition where = boardBotPosition board botPositionboardBotPosition board = boardEnemyPosition board enemyPositionboardEnemyPosition board
If the game is a leaf , the value is trivial to determine :
gameLeafValue :: Board ->
Score gameLeafValue board | botPosition == enemyPosition = Draw botPositionenemyPosition | botCrashed && enemyCrashed = Draw botCrashedenemyCrashed | botCrashed = Loss botCrashed | enemyCrashed = Win enemyCrashed | otherwise = error " Not a leaf node . " where = boardBotPosition board botPositionboardBotPosition board = boardEnemyPosition board enemyPositionboardEnemyPosition board = isWall board botPosition botCrashedisWall board botPosition = isWall board enemyPosition enemyCrashedisWall board enemyPosition
If the game is not a leaf , we have to make an estimate of the value .
This is basically just calling some functions to fill in the fields of the Game constructor of Score .
gameNodeValue :: Board -> Score = gameNodeValue board Game botSpace enemySpace distance numberOfAdjacentWalls distanceSquared ' botSpace enemySpace distance numberOfAdjacentWalls distanceSquared ' where = boardBotPosition board botPositionboardBotPosition board = boardEnemyPosition board enemyPositionboardEnemyPosition board = distanceSquared botPosition enemyPosition distanceSquared 'distanceSquared botPosition enemyPosition = nub $ adjacentTiles =<< boardBotPositionList board allAdjacentnubadjacentTilesboardBotPositionList board = length ( filter ( isWall board ) all Adjacent ) numberOfAdjacentWalls ( isWall board ) all Adjacent ) = inspectBoard board ( botSpace , enemySpace , distance ) inspectBoard board
Now , we have a function to create the child values of a node in the game tree .
This function creates 4 new boards , with all the directions the bot ( or the enemy , if is Bot is False ) can move to .
gameNodeChildren :: Board -> Bool -> [ Board ] = do gameNodeChildren board is Bot <- adjacentTiles position adjacentadjacentTiles position if is Bot is Bot then return board board = walls { boardAdditionalWallswalls = adjacent : botPositionList , boardBotPositionListadjacentbotPositionList = enemyPositionList , boardEnemyPositionListenemyPositionList } else return board board = walls { boardAdditionalWallswalls = botPositionList , boardBotPositionListbotPositionList = adjacent : enemyPositionList , boardEnemyPositionListadjacentenemyPositionList } where = ( if is Bot then boardBotPosition else boardEnemyPosition ) board positionisBotboardBotPositionboardEnemyPosition ) board = position `S.insert` boardAdditionalWalls board wallspositionboardAdditionalWalls board = boardBotPositionList board botPositionListboardBotPositionList board = boardEnemyPositionList board enemyPositionListboardEnemyPositionList board
We now have our main minimax search function .
The maxDepth argument gives us a depth limit for our search , and also indicates if it ’s our turn or the enemy ’s turn ( it ’s our turn when it ’s even , enemy ’s turn when it ’s odd ) .
The contact argument tells us if there is a way for our bot to reach the enemy .
If the enemy cannot be reached , we do not have to consider it ’s turns , sparing us some valuable resources .
This function uses a simple form of ( deep ) Alpha - beta pruning .
I ’m pretty sure botSearch and enemySearch could be written as one more abstract function , but I think it ’s pretty clear now , too .
For one unfamiliar with minimax trees or Alpha - beta pruning , this function simply returns the possible Board with the best Score .
searchGameTree :: Board -> Int -> Bool -> ( Score , Score ) -> ( Board , Score ) searchGameTree parent maxDepth contact ( lower , upper ) | gameIsLeaf parent && is Bot = ( parent , gameLeafValue parent ) gameIsLeaf parentisBot ( parent , gameLeafValue parent ) | maxDepth <= 0 = ( parent , gameNodeValue parent ) maxDepth ( parent , gameNodeValue parent ) | otherwise = if is Bot then botSearch children ( lower , upper ) parent isBotbotSearch children ( lower , upper ) parent else enemySearch children ( lower , upper ) parent enemySearch children ( lower , upper ) parent where = maxDepth `mod` 2 == 0 isBotmaxDepth = gameNodeChildren parent is Bot childrengameNodeChildren parent is Bot = ( current , l ) botSearch [ ] ( l , _ ) current ( current , l ) : xs ) ( l , u ) current = botSearch ( xxs ) ( l , u ) current let newDepth = if contact then maxDepth - 1 else maxDepth - 2 newDepthcontactmaxDepthmaxDepth = searchGameTree x newDepth contact ( l , u ) ( board , value ) searchGameTree x newDepth contact ( l , u ) in if value >= u value then ( board , value ) ( board , value ) else if value > l then botSearch xs ( value , u ) board valuebotSearch xs ( value , u ) board else botSearch xs ( l , u ) current botSearch xs ( l , u ) current = ( current , u ) enemySearch [ ] ( _ , u ) current ( current , u ) : xs ) ( l , u ) current = enemySearch ( xxs ) ( l , u ) current let ( board , value ) = searchGameTree x ( maxDepth - 1 ) contact ( l , u ) ( board , value ) searchGameTree x ( maxDepth ) contact ( l , u ) in if value <= l value then ( board , value ) ( board , value ) else if value < u then enemySearch xs ( l , value ) board valueenemy Search xs ( l , value ) board else enemySearch xs ( l , u ) current enemySearch xs ( l , u ) current
First , we want to make a quick ( but stupid ) decision , in case we ’re on a very slow processor or if we do n’t get a lot of CPU ticks .
The following function does that , providing a simple “ Chaser ” approach .
simpleDecision :: Board ->
Tile simpleDecision board
In case we really have no valid options , we just go north .
| null valid = head directions validdirections
If there are some non -wall options , we pick the first one in the list , which will conveniently be the Tile closest to the enemy .
| otherwise = head valid valid where
We take the adjacentTiles of the botPosition , and sort them according to distance to the enemy .
That way , we get our “ Chaser ” behaviour .
= boardBotPosition board botPositionboardBotPosition board = sortBy ( comparing distance ) $ adjacentTiles botPosition directionssortBy ( comparing distance ) adjacentTiles botPosition = filter ( not . is Wall board ) directions validisWall board ) directions = distanceSquared ( boardEnemyPosition board ) distancedistanceSquared ( boardEnemyPosition board )
The next function performs one turn , meaning :
It reads the current board state from stdin .
.
It builds a game tree and determines the best option .
It prints that option back to stdout .
takeTurn :: IO ( ) ( ) = do takeTurn
The first line tells us the board dimensions .
We then take the next height lines and read the board from it .
<- ( map read .
words ) < $> getLine [ width , height ] <- readBoard width height < $> replicateM height getLine boardreadBoard width heightreplicateM height
We have an MVar to hold our decision .
We begin by filling it by something simple and then improve that simple result in another thread .
<- newMVar $ simpleDecision board mvarnewMVarsimpleDecision board <- forkIO $ makeMinMaxDecision board mvar calculationThreadforkIOmakeMinMaxDecision board mvar
We wait 900 ms .
After that time has passed , our MVar should contain a reasonably smart decision .
We take it and finish off our calculation thread .
$ 900 * 1000 threadDelay <- takeMVar mvar resulttakeMVar mvar kill Thread calculationThread
Now , all that is left is printing the direction our AI made .
putStrLn $ tileToDirection board result tileToDirection board result where
This is the function that is executed in another thread .
It simply tries to calculate a smart decision using minMaxDecision and then puts it in the MVar .
We also do a simple inspectBoard to determine if there is a path between us and the enemy .
It also uses a form of iterative deepening ; first , the best decision for depth 2 is calculated .
Then , we try to find the best decision for depth 4 , then 6 , and so on .
Tests seemed to show that it usually gets to depth 8 or 10 before it is killed .
= makeMinMaxDecision ' 2 makeMinMaxDecision board mvarmakeMinMaxDecision ' where = inspectBoard board ( _ , _ , distance ) inspectBoard board = isJust distance contactisJust distance = do makeMinMaxDecision ' depth let ( best , _ ) = searchGameTree board depth contact ( Loss , Win ) ( best , _)searchGameTree board depth contact ( = boardBotMove best moveboardBotMove best $ swapMVar mvar ( fromJust move ) >> return ( ) when ( isJust move ) swapMVar mvar ( fromJust move ) ( ) $ depth + 2 makeMinMaxDecision 'depth
We need to determine the direction of a tile from it ’s coordinates , because the game engine is expecting a direction - and we only have a Tile .
tileToDirection board position | position == ( x , y - 1 ) = " 1 " position ( x , y | position == ( x + 1 , y ) = " 2 " position ( x , y ) | position == ( x , y + 1 ) = " 3 " position ( x , y | position == ( x - 1 , y ) = " 4 " position ( x , y ) | otherwise = " Error : unknown move . " where = boardBotPosition board ( x , y ) boardBotPosition board
Our main function must set the correct buffering options and then loop forever .
At this point , it ’s very cool we have a stateless bot , since we can now just forever takeTurn .
main :: IO ( ) ( ) = do main LineBuffering hSetBuffering stdin LineBuffering hSetBuffering stdout forever takeTurn
An auxiliary function to help timing .
We only take the seconds and the picoseconds into account , because when we ’re taking more than minutes , well , we ’re fucked anyway .
toMs :: ClockTime -> ClockTime ->
Int = let d = diffClockTimes t2 t1 toMs t1 t2diffClockTimes t2 t1 in tdSec d * 1000 + fromIntegral ( tdPicosec d `div` 1000000000 ) tdSec d(tdPicosec
d
Is it hyperbole to describe people ’s reactions to a Supreme Court decision on campaign finance as “ freaking out ? ”
Some senators at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this morning seemed to freak out at the very use of the term itself .
And we ’re not even talking about the back - and - forth of late between Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and the White House .
At issue is the fallout from Citizens United , a Supreme Court decision this year that has lifted restrictions on corporate and labor spending on election communications .
The Senate panel heard from legal scholars about whether proposed legislation — backed largely by Democrats — could “ fix ” the outcome of that ruling and reinstate some of the limits .
And senators , along with the witnesses , talked about the breadth of the ruling itself .
And that ’s where a debate on language came in :
One witness Bradley Smith , a former chairman of the Federal Election Commission who supports the ruling in Citizens United , noted how rarely a decision by the nation ’s highest court had provoked such hysteria .
And perhaps he wanted to stir it up a bit , because he then singled out Vermont — the beloved home of the Judiciary chairman , Senator Patrick Leahy , as a place where lawmakers have just been “ freaking out ” in the wake of the ruling .
Mr. Leahy took immediate umbrage — interrupting Mr. Smith in a loud bark , disagreeing with the characterization .
“ I think I understand it a heck of lot better than you , ” Mr. Leahy said .
Describing the makeup of Vermont ’s “ citizen legislators , ” Mr. Leahy said they were New England - style , far more taciturn people who do n’t “ freak out . ”
When Mr. Smith , who now teaches law at Capital University in Ohio , was able to speak again , he retorted that he had been called before the Senate panel specifically to offer his opinion , and indeed , in his opinion , “ they ’re freaking out . ”
On a more serious note , the panelists seemed to agree rather loosely that it will be very difficult to legislate major changes to this decision , as many have said in earlier examinations of the court ’s ruling .
While some have suggested a constitutional amendment , panelists today said winning approval for that would be a long and difficult process as well , even if some polls suggest that more than a majority of the public is against the new ruling .
On some of the proposals for disclosure requirements — and even company shareholder approval before corporate donations could be made – the panelists varied in their opinions .
Jeffrey Rosen , a professor at George Washington University Law School , told senators he believed the disclosure requirements would be hotly contested .
Doug Kendall , president of the Constitutional Accountability Center , said “ I think there are problems that Citizens United creates that Congress will have a very difficult time fixing . ”
Some senators were also very concerned about the sweeping decision ’s effect on state laws — more than two dozen states have restricted the use of corporate money in state or local elections .
That exchange led in turn to other senators reverting to use of Mr. Smith ’s terminology .
For example , Senator Amy Klobuchar , Democrat of Minnesota , divulged : “ My constituents are freaking out . ”
She elaborated to say they were worried about whose interests would be trumped with such big money unleashed and whether “ regular voices would be squelched . ”
Now , it ’s not that we ’re not taking the committee ’s examination of the court ’s decision and the legislative proposals seriously .
But nothing dispositive or revolutionary was revealed today in the testimony or in the divide between Republican and Democratic senators on this issue .
Except , perhaps , for Senator Klobuchar ’s digression in talking about how , as a novice in politics , she spent hours on the phone to collect small political donations .
That led to the revelation that she ’s set a record , for raising the most money — $ 15,000 — from ex-boyfriends .
We did n’t know there was a column on F.E.C. filings for that .
The ancient Hawaiians , like other tribal Polynesians such as the Maori , commonly tattooed their bodies .
Both Hawaiian men and women were tattooed with bold , black tattoos that often covered large portions of their skin .
In fact the English word tattoo , like taboo , comes to us from the Polynesian languages such as Tahitian ( tatau ) , Samoan ( also tatau ) and Marquesan ( tatu ) .
Captain James Cook , who discovered the Hawaiian Islands , introduced the word to English speakers in his account of a voyage around the world from 1768 to 1771 .
European sailors began to get tattoos as well , a practice that is associated with sailors to this day .
The Hawaiian word for tattoo is Kakau .
The Rock Sports a Traditional Design
from Hawaii
In what could be the ultimate marine smack - down , great white sharks off the California coast may be migrating 1,600 miles west to do battle with creatures that rival their star power : giant squids .
A series of studies tracking this mysterious migration has scientists rethinking not just what the big shark does with its time but also what sort of creature it is .
Few sea denizens match great white sharks and giant squids in primitive mystique .
Both are the subject of popular mania ; both are inscrutable .
That these two mythic sea monsters might convene for epic battles in the stark expanses of the Pacific is enough to make a documentarian salivate .
For more reserved scientists , the possible link between sharks and squid , suggested by marine ecologist Michael Domeier of the Marine Conservation Science Institute in Fallbrook , is just one part of emerging research that has altered their understanding of the great whites .
The shift began eight years ago with the surprising discovery that great white sharks migrate , somewhat as humpback whales do .
That and subsequent studies have demolished the iconic image of great whites lurking in relative shallows , ready to snatch an errant swimmer , as popularized in the movie “ Jaws . ”
Domeier said he believes the animals “ are not a coastal shark that comes out to the middle of the ocean .
They are an ocean shark that comes to the coast .
It is a complete flip - flop . ”
Picture them not as a dorsal fin off the beach but rather as an unseen leviathan swimming through black depths where the oxygen thins and fish glow in the dark , and maybe pouncing on a 30 - foot squid .
The squid part is controversial .
But Domeier ’s work and that of other scientists increasingly suggests that great white sharks are not randomly roving eating machines .
Instead , they obey set migration patterns , have distinct populations and return to the same locales .
They are not desperadoes but dutiful migrants : Nomads but not outlaws , they yearn for home .
But this new understanding raised a question :
Why would an animal so large , that grows teeth as humans grow hair , bother to go so far when it can dine on just about anything in fin ’s reach ?
The migration is especially puzzling because it means sharks miss out on coastal food supplies , said the University of Hawaii ’s Kevin Weng , who also tracked sharks ’ migration .
Determined to find the reason , Domeier and his team spent three years catching 22 great whites off Mexico ’s Guadalupe Island , southwest of San Diego , and bolting high - tech tags to their fins .
The area , like California ’s Farallon Islands , is a hot spot for shark visits .
The team used hooks that could cradle a volleyball .
They wrestled the sharks onto platforms , lifted them aboard their vessel and put towels over their eyes .
The 4,000 - pound predator is only a minor threat out of water , Domeier said .
But after being thwacked off his feet , he learned to tie up their tails .
Funded by Newport Beach ’s George T. Pfleger Foundation and others , Domeier arranged a voyage with a National Geographic Channel television crew to follow the sharks in a 126 - foot boat .
The crew used the tags to track the sharks to an area of the deep Pacific about 1,500 miles east of Kauai that scientists consider an ecological desert because it is so biologically unproductive .
There , the sharks abruptly ended their migration , and satellite tags showed them milling around and diving .
Despite hours of surveys and trolling during last spring ’s monthlong voyage , members found barely any fish or other prey that the sharks might be eating .
But there was an exception : squids .
Purple and neon flying squids were easy to find .
There also were leaping sperm whales , a marine mammal known to feed in spawning areas for large squids .
To Domeier , it was clear :
The sharks had found a squid - based ecosystem with big enough prey to attract sperm whales .
Finally , the crew found a whitish carcass of a giant squid that had been chewed on , perhaps by various predators .
Because of the lack of alternative food sources , and the pinging tags that traced deep and frequent dives , Domeier said , he formed a speculative conclusion :
The sharks go to the area for the same reason as sperm whales : to feed on large squids , including the giant ones in the area , and on various predators the squids attract .
The weather turned bad , and the investigation ended early .
The trip back was boring enough for the crew to form a band , then break up .
Domeier said he believes the sharks return to the coast to breed .
His tags showed that some females stayed out at sea full - time .
The idea has set off robust debate .
Some scientists argue it remains possible that the sharks mate offshore , and all agree that more research is needed to determine exactly what , and when , they eat .
And it ’s highly unlikely anyone will ever see a shark making an easy kill of giant squid .
But Oscar Sosa - Nishizaki , a fisheries biologist in Ensenada , said the tagging effort helps researchers count sharks and plan conservation efforts .
Shark scientists face a dilemma :
There is intense popular interest in their work , but some fret that it may hinder conservation .
Media interest in sharks tends to be “ sparse on detail , high on testosterone , ” said marine biologist Weng .
“ It ’s as if aliens were to visit planet Earth , and the only thing they saw of human beings was ultimate fighting on TV . ”
Though wary of pop biology , Domeier made the most of it .
He used his time on camera to lobby against eating bluefin tuna and Chilean sea bass .
If mythic predator - mania gave him the chance , so be it , he said .
“ We are at a state of real disaster of our oceans , ” he said .
“ Perhaps the scientific routine . . . does n’t work . ”
jill.leovy@latimes.com
GENEVA —
The UN ’s independent expert on torture on Wednesday criticised the Obama administration for not investigating allegations of torture made when president George W. Bush was in power .
“ This is my criticism of the Obama administration :
There is not enough done to remedy what has been done in the past , ” Manfred Nowak , UN special rapporteur on torture , told journalists .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think it ’s a legal question , ” he said .
“ The US are a part of the UN Convention against Torture , but there are very clear legal obligations — wherever you have indications , complaints about torture , then you have to investigate them independently and effectively . ”
Claims of torture and secret detention of suspects arose while the Bush administration was waging its “ war on terror ” .
These included extraordinary renditions , which involved abducting suspects without legal proceedings , and taking them to foreign countries or secret CIA prisons to be interrogated .
Human rights groups believe that these detainees were taken to countries where torture was practised , but the Bush administration claimed it never took a prisoner to a foreign country without first being assured that no torture would be used .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shortly after the change in administration in the UNited States , Nowak had renewed his call for the prosecution of US officials and military staff who might have been involved in the ill - treatment of terror detainees .
Nowak stressed that President Barack Obama and his administration had a “ domestic obligation ” to investigate complaints thoroughly , and to bring perpetrators to justice as well as to offer compensation to victims .
Overall , Nowak said that he had “ deep respect ” for Obama ’s policy of change .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do think that much of it has been implemented , ” he said , noting that even though Guantanamo Bay prison has yet to be shut , the blame did not fall squarely on Obama ’s shoulders .
“ We have major obstruction from the US Congress , and he did n’t receive the support from European allies , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama had vowed during the 2008 presidential campaign to close the notorious detention camp , and signed an executive order within two days of taking office .
However , the closure has been held up while the administration seeks host countries that are ready to provide refuge for some of the detainees .
Nowak said that Washington ’s fight against terrorism as well as its allies ’ reaction were “ undermining the absolute prohibition of torture ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
Even though Obama was changing the policy , the damage had been done and would take “ many many years ” to undo , he added .
Defeat cancer without chemo ?
Hear how Donald did it
On June 12 , 1953 , Donald Frank was diagnosed with terminal , late - stage bone cancer .
Donald was 13 years old …
Luckily , Donald 's parents heard about a nearby doctor who was using a radically different type of cancer treatment … something that worked without disfiguring surgery .
Of course , Donald 's parents were skeptical , but that skepticism quickly faded when — by the time he left the hospital …
Donald 's " terminal " tumor was completely GONE .
Tuesday April 13 , 2010
apache.org incident report for 04/09/2010
Apache.org services recently suffered a direct , targeted attack against our infrastructure , specifically the server hosting our issue - tracking software .
The Apache Software Foundation uses a donated instance of Atlassian JIRA as an issue tracker for our projects .
Among other projects , the ASF Infrastructure Team uses it to track issues and requests .
Our JIRA instance was hosted on brutus .
apache.org , a machine running Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS .
Password Security
If you are a user of the Apache hosted JIRA , Bugzilla , or Confluence , a hashed copy of your password has been compromised .
JIRA and Confluence both use a SHA - 512 hash , but without a random salt .
We believe the risk to simple passwords based on dictionary words is quite high , and most users should rotate their passwords .
Bugzilla uses a SHA - 256 , including a random salt .
The risk for most users is low to moderate , since pre-built password dictionaries are not effective , but we recommend users should still remove these passwords from use .
In addition , if you logged into the Apache JIRA instance between April 6th and April 9th , you should consider the password as compromised , because the attackers changed the login form to log them .
What Happened ?
On April 5th , the attackers via a compromised Slicehost server opened a new issue , INFRA - 2591 .
This issue contained the following text :
ive got this error while browsing some projects in jira http://tinyurl.com/XXXXXXXXX [ obscured ]
Tinyurl is a URL redirection and shortening tool .
This specific URL redirected back to the Apache instance of JIRA , at a special URL containing a cross site scripting ( XSS ) attack .
The attack was crafted to steal the session cookie from the user logged - in to JIRA .
When this issue was opened against the Infrastructure team , several of our administators clicked on the link .
This compromised their sessions , including their JIRA administrator rights .
At the same time as the XSS attack , the attackers started a brute force attack against the JIRA login.jsp , attempting hundreds of thousands of password combinations .
On April 6th , one of these methods was successful .
Having gained administrator privileges on a JIRA account , the attackers used this account to disable notifications for a project , and to change the path used to upload attachments .
The path they chose was configured to run JSP files , and was writable by the JIRA user .
They then created several new issues and uploaded attachments to them .
One of these attachments was a JSP file that was used to browse and copy the filesystem .
The attackers used this access to create copies of many users ' home directories and various files .
They also uploaded other JSP files that gave them backdoor access to the system using the account that JIRA runs under .
By the morning of April 9th , the attackers had installed a JAR file that would collect all passwords on login and save them .
They then sent password reset mails from JIRA to members of the Apache Infrastructure team .
These team members , thinking that JIRA had encountered an innocent bug , logged in using the temporary password sent in the mail , then changed the passwords on their accounts back to their usual passwords .
One of these passwords happened to be the same as the password to a local user account on brutus .
apache.org , and this local user account had full sudo access .
The attackers were thereby able to login to brutus .
apache.org , and gain full root access to the machine .
This machine hosted the Apache installs of JIRA , Confluence , and Bugzilla .
Once they had root on brutus .
apache.org , the attackers found that several users had cached Subversion authentication credentials , and used these passwords to log in to minotaur.apache.org ( aka people.apache.org ) , our main shell server .
On minotaur , they were unable to escalate privileges with the compromised accounts .
About 6 hours after they started resetting passwords , we noticed the attackers and began shutting down services .
We notified Atlassian of the previously unreported XSS attack in JIRA and contacted SliceHost .
Atlassian was responsive .
Unfortunately , SliceHost did nothing and 2 days later , the very same virtual host ( slice ) attacked Atlassian directly .
We started moving services to a different machine , thor.apache.org .
The attackers had root access on brutus .
apache.org for several hours , and we could no longer trust the operating system on the original machine .
By April 10th , JIRA and Bugzilla were back online .
On April 13th , Atlassian provided a patch for JIRA to prevent the XSS attack .
See JRA - 20994 and JRA - 20995 for details .
Our Confluence wiki remains offline at this time .
We are working to restore it .
What worked ?
Limited use passwords , especially one - time passwords , were a real lifesaver .
If JIRA passwords had been shared with other services / hosts , the attackers could have caused widespread damage to the ASF 's infrastructure .
Fortunately , in this case , the damage was limited to rooting a single host .
Service isolation worked with mixed results .
The attackers must be presumed to have copies of our Confluence and Bugzilla databases , as well as our JIRA database , at this point .
These databases include hashes of all passwords used on those systems .
However , other services and hosts , including LDAP , were largely unaffected .
What did n't work ?
The primary problem with our JIRA install is that the JIRA daemon runs as the user who installed JIRA .
In this case , it runs as a jira role - account .
There are historical reasons for this decision , but with 20 / 20 hindsight , and in light of the security issues at stake , we expect to revisit the decision !
The same password should not have been used for a JIRA account as was used for sudo access on the host machine .
Inconsistent application of one time passwords ;
We required them on other machines , but not on brutus .
PAM was configured to allow optional use of OPIE , but not all of our sudoers had switched to it .
SSH passwords should not have been enabled for login over the Internet .
Although the Infrastructure Team had attempted to configure the sshd daemon to disable password - based logins , having UsePAM yes set meant that password - based logins were still possible .
set meant that password - based logins were still possible .
We use Fail2 Ban for many services , but we did not have it configured to track JIRA login failures .
What are we changing ?
We have remedied the JIRA installation issues with our reinstall .
JIRA is now installed by root and runs as a separate daemon with limited privileges .
For the time being we are running JIRA in a httpd - tomcat proxy config with the following rules : ProxyPass / jira / secure / popups/colorpicker.jsp !
ProxyPass / jira / secure / popups/grouppicker.jsp !
ProxyPass / jira / secure / popups/userpicker.jsp !
ProxyPass / jira http://127.0.0.1:18080/jira
Sysadmins may find this useful to secure their JIRA installation until an upgrade is feasible .
Sysadmins may find this useful to secure their JIRA installation until an upgrade is feasible .
We will be making one - time - passwords mandatory for all super- users , on all of our Linux and FreeBSD hosts .
We have disabled caching of svn passwords , and removed all currently cached svn passwords across all hosts ast the ASF via the global config /etc / subversion / config file : [ auth ] store - passwords = no
file : Use Fail2
Ban to protect web application login failures from brute force attacks
We hope our disclosure has been as open as possible and true to the ASF spirit .
Hopefully others can learn from our mistakes .
Posted at 05:04 AM
Apr 13 , 2010 by pgollucci in General | |
A new technique allows medical records to be used for research on the genetics of disease while still protecting patients from prying eyes .
Databases that link thousands of people ’s DNA profiles to their medical histories are a powerful tool for researchers who want to use genetics to individualize the diagnosis and treatment of disease .
But this promise of personalized medicine comes with concerns about patient privacy .
Now scientists have come up with a way to alter personal medical information so it ’s still meaningful for research , but meaningless to someone trying to ID an individual in a database .
“ We ’re hoping that it ’s a game - changer , ” says Bradley Malin , a biomedical informatics specialist from Vanderbilt University in Nashville who helped develop the method .
The new method , published online April 12 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , simply disguises parts of the medical history data that are not relevant to a geneticist ’s particular research question using an algorithm that combs through health records and makes some aspects of them more general .
For example , if scientists want to examine links between genes and asthma , parts of an individual ’s medical record that pertain to asthma are kept intact .
But if that asthmatic patient also had a broken arm as a teenager , the algorithm changes the medical code for a broken left forearm to a code that indicates only a broken bone .
“ What ’s really great about this is even though it anonymizes the data , it still allows you to go in and find an association with medical history , ” says Nils Homer of the University of California , Los Angeles , who was not involved with the research .
The researchers tested their algorithm against potential hackers using information from more than 2,600 patients .
The team assumed a hacker might know a patient ’s identity , some of their medical history and maybe some of the medical codes associated with that history .
The technique stymied efforts to ID an individual based on that information , the researchers report .
“ There is definitely a need to de-identify individuals , ” says Homer , who was part of a team that demonstrated two years ago that it is possible to trace a genetic signature back to an individual even when that person ’s DNA profile was buried in a pool of thousands .
The finding prompted the National Institutes of Health to restrict access to genetic databases that had previously been available to anyone with Internet access .
Genome - wide association studies , which comb through these giant databases looking for links between genetic and physical traits , have the potential to generate clinically valuable information .
Establishing such links could help doctors understand , for example , why patients respond differently to certain drugs .
Image : alimander / flickr
See Also :
I am a simulated patient , or " standardized patient " as we are known at the medical center where I do such work .
When people ask what a standardized patient does , I immediately remind them of the Seinfeld episode where Kramer plays a man with gonnorhea for medical students .
While my job is not exactly like what Kramer did ( he hammed it up quite a bit ) , it often involves a bit of acting -- becoming a character with a certain ailment or condition and allowing the medical students to interview me in order that they can a ) work on their doctor / patient relationship skills and b ) diagnose whatever my malady might be .
But sometimes , no acting is involved .
Occasionally being a simulated patient means simply being a body upon which medical students can practice various diagnostic techniques .
These clinical skills workshops are important to the students because it allows them to put into practice what they have been learning in the classroom .
The techniques are often things that you think doctors were born knowing how to do -- taking blood pressure or performing an abdominal exam .
Yet a student 's first time at these procedures can be very frightening .
It may be the first time they touch an actual patient .
When I served as a " body " for students learning how to take blood pressure and pulse , one young woman 's hands actually trembled when she put the cuff on me .
For me , all of this is paid work .
I make $ 10.00 per hour playing a patient , and as I can have up to four two - hour trainings and 2 - 3 eight - hour exam days per patient I play , the money can be pretty good .
But the gold is often in a special type of clinical skills workshop , where one serves as a " genital teaching assistant , " or GTA .
What is that ?
In essence , a GTA serves as the model for students to learn how to conduct genital exams and , in the case of men , rectal exams .
GTA 's get paid the $ 10.00 per hour , and also extra per procedure .
Women get $ 25.00 per pelvic exam , and men get $ 20.00 per genital exam and $ 20.00 per rectal exam .
Since you can see up to 8 - 10 students per time , the money adds up nicely .
I know what you 're thinking .
" Uh , Mike , uh , how can you do that ?!!! "
Some guys are probably thinking , " What , are you into that thing Mike ?
Is there something about you that I should know ? "
Believe me , I did n't quite jump into this enthusiastically .
I 'm not normally given to going out of my way to seek out such experiences .
And , I really hate going to the doctor 's office because I 'm concerned that I will have to undergo just these types of procedures .
Despite my misgivings , however , I recently performed as a GTA for the first time .
The money , to a poor graduate student , is appealing and helped me will myself to tough it out .
The experience was actually humbling and empowering at the same time .
While I would like to say that I was calm and collected , the thought of newly minted medical students coming at my private parts was a bit intimidating , and I almost did n't accept the assignment .
Usually , the encounters go something like this .
The examinations take place in small groups , usually 3 - 4 students and a physician , in an examining room .
The physician demonstrates the various techniques for examination on the GTA .
The students then follow with their own examinations , one at a time , under the watchful and helpful gaze of the physician and the eyes of their classmates .
I did two of these groups , and you can do the math .
Or I 'll do it for you .
I had two genital and rectal exams demonstrated by the physician upon me .
I had eight students all take their turn at doing the genital and rectal exams .
That 's 8 pairs of student eyes upon areas that only my mother ( when I was a young boy ) , my wife , and a few other assorted individuals have ever seen .
Of the students , five were women and three were men .
So , my genitals were dangling in front of all these people .
I also had to bend over and show the least flattering part of myself to them .
10 fingers were inserted into my rear end , one at a time , over the three - hour time block .
How 's that for a compromising position ?!
The funny thing was , that after the first demonstration by the doctor , I began to realize that this was n't going to be too bad .
After awhile , I forgot my self - consciousness , even in front of the women .
The students had learned the drill quite nicely .
" Can you please pull up your gown ?
Okay , can you lift your penis up so I can see the skin color underneath .
Okay , I 'm going to feel your testicles now for any abnormalities .
Great !
Looks good .
Now I 'll check for hernia ... turn your head and cough please .
Okay , now we 'll do a rectal exam .
Can you place your feet about shoulder width apart and bend over the table here resting on your elbows .
Skin around the opening looks okay .
I 'm going apply some lubrication and it's going to be cold .
Now you 'll feel some pressure . "
All the while , the doctor exhorted the students encouragingly .
" Turn your finger to the side , then push up and in .
Good job ! "
And what was I doing ?
I was just kind of there .
Another guy who was also a GTA said he usually went off into various thoughts about other things , only coming back to reality when asked a question or addressed .
I found that I mostly did the same thing .
After I got over the embarrassment , I began to crack a joke or two to lighten their nervousness between exams .
" So , you trim your fingernails ? " " I feel I 've gotten closer to all of you somehow ! "
And other stupid stuff like that , though I resisted the old gag " so now are you going to take me to dinner ? "
When you have people coming at your privates , the last thing you need is for them to be shaking and quaking with fear .
The difference between the genders in their examinations was an interesting discovery for me .
Men were more gentle when dealing with a sensitive physical area , such as the testicles , than women !
Maybe innate instinct and personal experience with what actually happens if the family jewels are mistreated was the explanation for this surprising experience .
Women were a bit rougher .
Once , I had to tell a woman to not squeeze a particular sensitive area so hard .
On the other hand , the women were more likely to be compassionate and inquire of my mental and emotional feelings , even outside of the examination .
At least three women , after an encounter , asked me how I was holding up with an expression of genuine concern , even though they did not perform the examination .
The guys , on the other hand , tended to not say much .
I do n't think that they were being derisive of my sacrifice for their education , but were probably sensitive to my position .
After all , women have much more experience having yearly exams on and in their nether areas than men do .
So , how does it feel to have done this service for medical students ?
The money is nice .
I made about $ 450 for 3 hours of work .
But beyond that , I feel good that 8 future doctors now have some sort of skill at conducting such exams , and relied on me to tell them when I was comfortable or uncomfortable during the process .
I was able to tell them afterward my thoughts and feelings on their performance .
I feel that in some small way I have helped create better and more sensitive doctors .
Of course , not everyone wants to perform like this , and I had major qualms going in -- I told the students and doctor that it was my first time and that I was nervous .
But I told them that in a way , their experience with me would be like an experience with an actual patient who does n't know what to expect and is nervous about it .
At least one person I told about my experience asked me if I was worried about an uncontrollable response that would become physically evident to everyone .
I can guarantee you that in this situation , there is no sexual tension at all .
Charlize Theron or Uma Thurman or any other sexually attractive female could have been doing this procedure on me in this type of setting and there would have been no physical response from me .
It 's just too exposed .
I 've been asked if I would do it again .
I do not have to make that decision for another year , thankfully , and I 'm not sure I will repeat the experience .
If I do , I wo n't be as nervous next time , and I 'll know that a new generation of doctors , male and female , will learn how to be sensitive to the vulnerability of a man , in this case me , standing in front of them and putting his junk on display .
I 'll also be able to grade the performance of my own doctors when the time comes for me to have these examinations in earnest .
As long as they do n't have big fingers , and they trim those nails , I 'll be okay !
a blog about IT security and other geek interests
‘ You ’re Mister Double Standard , ’ journalist tells Steele
Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele seems to be suffering from a mild form of amnesia .
Or maybe , like the character Billy Pilgrim in Kurt Vonnegut ’s Slaughterhouse - Five , he ’s become “ unstuck in time . ”
Whatever the reason , Steele just ca n’t seem to remember the order of events .
ADVERTISEMENT
Just a week after claiming that his new book , Right Now , was written in 2008 , even though much of it deals with political events that took place in 2009 , Steele has made another strange distortion of time .
In a video interview with the Las Vegas Sun‘s Jon Ralston , Steele asserted that he was n’t chairman of the GOP during the scandal surrounding Sen. John Ensign .
But the Ensign scandal broke in the summer of 2009 , nearly half a year after he took the reins of the Republican Party .
“ If you were chairman of the Republican Party and a Democratic senator had an affair with a staffer , had his parents pay her off , fired both her and her husband who worked for him then tried to get the husband a job , you ’d be outraged , would n’t you ? ” Ralston asked Steele .
“ I do n’t know .
Who ’s the individual you ’re talking about ? ”
Steele asked .
“ The individual happens to be John Ensign , ” Ralston responded .
“ You have n’t said anything about John Ensign because he ’s one of yours .
You ’re Mr. Double Standard . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Really .
Is that how you take that ? ”
Steele said .
“ I was n’t chairman of the party at the time all that took place , so I had no opinion on it . ”
“ What are you talking about ? ” an incredulous Ralston asked .
“ It took place last year . ”
“ I was n’t chairman of the party , ” Steele insisted .
ADVERTISEMENT
As Rachel Slajda notes at TalkingPointsMemo , Steele may have been referring to the actual time of the events in the Ensign scandal , which happened in 2007 and 2008 .
But the affair became public knowledge in 2009 , when Steele was already at the helm of the party .
Steele has even previously addressed the Ensign scandal as chairman of the GOP , telling Fox News in July , 2009 , that he wished the whole scandal would just “ go away . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was recorded for KVBC ’s Face to Face with Jon Ralston , and was uploaded to YouTube by ThinkProgress .
Final Fantasy XIII is unmistakably a Final Fantasy game .
It 's set in a rich universe , with a cast of clashing personalities who ultimately unite to save the world .
Nothing new there .
Set in the outlandish futuristic universe of Cocoon , a host of gadding personalities are sewn together through crossing fates — they are branded the mark of the l 'Cie , a stamp which demands they do the bidding of their rulers the fal ' Cie and destroy Cocoon .
Cue tears , epic orchestral swirls , and lots of grinding .
In main protagonist Lightning , Square Enix has looked back to its most successful character — Final Fantasy VII 's Cloud Strife .
Despite not looking anywhere near alike , there are personality traits that carry through , and the comparison remains a reasonable observation throughout .
Hardened warrior Sazh bares more than a passing resemblance to FF VIII 's Barrett , while narrator Vanille could be compared to Tifa .
What 's reassuring about Final Fantasy XIII is that Square Enix looked to its best games for inspiration , and largely came up trumps with a universe and characters you can relate to .
There are no gimmicks in XIII : the cast feels natural .
Well , for a JRPG anyway .
With around 60 hours of play , Final Fantasy XIII 's universe is absolutely its greatest strength .
Every element of the game 's world has been well constructed , well considered and precisely laid out .
The world feels like it has a history and characters feel like they have pasts , resulting in an engrossing plot that , while it can get convoluted , is constantly fascinating .
The Datalog in the game 's menu allows you to look up the meaning of certain terms , or track the history of certain events , so you can really engage yourself in the characters and the fiction .
Sure , Vanille 's voice might annoy you , Fang 's Australian tones may not fit and Hope may be a snotty - nosed child , but there 's something charming about the cast .
Short of the Chocobo that lives in Sazh 's afro , they are without gimmick .
They fit the universe , and their story is interesting .
Factor in numerous multi-layered plot lines and you 're given a meaty incentive to follow what happens next .
Final Fantasy XIII 's battle system is fantastic , too : a simple premise with bold , flashy results .
Essentially , three - man squads are assembled from the game 's main cast of characters , each character with a unique set of roles which they can focus on at any point in the battle .
For example , your team might consist of a Medic , Ravager ( essentially a wizard ) and a Commando .
The medic 's job will be to heal the team , the commando to attack and the ravager to both attack and increase the enemy 's chain , a percentage that multiplies the damage inflicted .
All enemies have a " Stagger " point which allows you to really let rip and do damage .
This would be interesting on its own , but in Final Fantasy XIII each character can learn different abilities meaning you can have different combinations of roles .
These combinations can be set - up in the menu and then changed on the fly during battle with the L1 button .
That means you can switch from being all - out attack to all - out defence almost immediately , offering you a range of tactical options .
It sounds complicated in writing , but Final Fantasy XIII does a great job of pacing out the learning curve so you feel comfortable with each new element as they are gradually introduced .
It 's a battle system that 's accessible to newcomers without being gimped enough to disappoint Final Fantasy fans .
It 's common knowledge that Final Fantasy XIII is an exceedingly linear game ( we 'll go into more detail later ) , but that does n't stop its surroundings from being tangibly delectable though .
Early locales are noticeably bland , but once you let the game get its footing , it gets particularly impressive , if only from an artistic stance .
The inclusion of a mini-map seems like a joke : it 's a straight line .
The fact is , Final Fantasy XIII 's gameplay boils down to a string of battles taking place on a long corridor ending in a cutscene .
The variety just is n't there , and when the cut scenes do n't come soon enough the gameplay starts to become really tedious .
It 's a shame because the battle system is great , but when it 's all you 've done for the past 50 minutes , it really starts to grate .
Sure , grinding is a staple of the RPG , but the truly great games manage to break up the tedium often : Final Fantasy VII , for example , punctuates frequent battles with exploration .
Final Fantasy XIII is simply battle - battle - battle - battle - cut scene , and when the formula does eventually change it feels too little , too late .
The very early hours especially are a slog .
That 's not to downplay the quality of the cut scenes : as always , the quality of the CGI on display is unbelievable .
The in - game character models are beautifully rendered , but nothing really compares to the CGI .
Its simply breathtakingly done , with unbelievable attention to detail .
When actually playing the game becomes a slog , Square Enix is on - hand to win your enthusiasm back with a rip- roaring CGI cutscene .
They really do n't disappoint .
We also have reservations about some of the casting in Final Fantasy XIII .
Cut scenes focusing on Hope and Vanille will leave you wanting to slit your throat .
Given the possibilities made available by Blu-ray , it would have been nice to see Square include the original Japanese voice track in the PS3 version of the game .
Quotations by Author
James Oppenheim
Showing quotations 1 to 1 of 1 total
- Search for James Oppenheim at Amazon.com
Showing quotations 1 to 1 of 1 total
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
Shares of BioSpecifics closed Monday at $ 27.61 , up from $ 1 as recently as late 2006 .
Some people treated with Xiaflex in clinical trials for the Dupuytren ’s hand condition said it had made a big difference in their lives , and had allowed them to avoid painful surgery .
Image For years Karen Mercaldo could not play her viola , until she was given Xiaflex , a drug that straightens clenched fingers .
Credit ... Ozier Muhammad / The New York Times
“ When I looked down and saw my finger straightened out , I cried , ” said Kenneth Nelson , 65 , of Indianapolis .
“ It was to me just like a miracle . ”
Xiaflex is an enzyme produced by a gangrene - causing bacterium , Clostridium histolyticum , which uses it to eat away the tissues of its victims .
The enzyme , called collagenase , breaks down collagen , a major component of the body ’s connective tissue that is found in skin , tendons , cartilage and other organs .
But collagenase by itself does not cause gangrene .
And there are times doctors need to break down collagen , such as when an excess builds up in the hand or penis , causing Dupuytren ’s and Peyronie’s .
The ailments are named for French surgeons who described the conditions in the 18th and 19th centuries .
The enzyme was first extracted from the bacteria around 1950 by Ines Mandl , a young biochemist at Columbia University .
Edwin H. Wegman , a Long Island entrepreneur , learned about Dr. Mandl ’s work and set up a company called Advance Biofactures , which later became BioSpecifics , to turn collagenase into a drug .
In 1965 , the company won approval of an ointment containing collagenase for use in removing dead tissue from skin ulcers and burns .
The ointment , sold by licensees under the name Santyl , was a modest success , but the company never truly prospered .
So in the 1970s the company began developing what it thought would be a bigger money - maker , an injectable collagenase .
It tested that drug for numerous uses , including herniated disks .
Finally , in the early 1990s , two professors of orthopedics at the nearby State University of New York at Stony Brook suggested using the drug for Dupuytren’s .
One of the UK's three biggest internet service providers has vowed not to co-operate with measures to combat file - sharing set out in the government 's controversial digital economy bill , expected to receive royal assent within days .
TalkTalk , with more than 4 million UK internet users , said that " many draconian proposals remain " in the bill , including some that would allow content companies to force internet service providers ( ISPs ) to block the connections of customers suspected of online copyright infringement .
The Open Rights Group , which campaigns for individual rights online , criticised moves to rush the bill through parliament before the election , saying " measures to allow disconnection of individuals from the internet , for undefined periods of time " and web blocking laws were pushed through " with no real scrutiny and limited debate " .
MPs and Lords complained that sites such as Wikileaks or even Google were at risk of being blocked under an order by the secretary of state , because a new clause inserted by the government on Wednesday night provides powers to block sites that " have been , are being or are likely to be used for or in connection with an activity that infringes copyright " .
That could spell trouble for Wikileaks , which carries copyrighted material supplied by whistleblowers , such as the US Army video released last week showing the killing of Iraqi civilians .
But photographers and artists celebrated after the government dropped a clause that would have allowed " orphan works " – whose owner cannot be located – to be used commercially at minimal cost .
" The UK government wanted to introduce a law to allow anyone to use your photographs commercially , or in ways you might not like , without asking you first .
They have failed , " said Stop43 , a site set up by more than 16,000 members of the photographic , imaging and advertising industries to lobby against the clause .
The bill is certain to pass into law after being rushed through two key stages in two hours on Wednesday night in the House of Commons .
It will require ISPs to send letters to anyone accused of infringing copyright by the owner of the copyrighted material ; repeated accusations would lead to " temporary suspension " of their internet connection , which could involve either blocking it or slowing it down .
Andrew Heaney , TalkTalk 's director of strategy and regulation , said the proposals were " draconian " : " This is made all the more appalling by the ability of big music and film companies to influence government and the absence of any proper debate or scrutiny by MPs – only 5 % of MPs turned up for the brief debate yesterday and the other important parliamentary stages will be bypassed in the wash - up process , " he wrote on the company blog .
But plans for a £ 6 annual tax on landlines , which had been part of the original Digital Britain report in June 2009 which was then made into legislation , were dropped from the finance bill when the Tories made it clear they would oppose it , potentially derailing the entire bill .
Tory opposition also meant that there will now be no funding drawn from the BBC licence fee for " independently financed news consortiums " , which would have made local news to replace regional bulletins on ITV1 — though that might be revived if Labour wins the general election .
Thousands of people used sites such as writetoyourmp.com and 38 degrees to complain about the anti-piracy measures in the bill , on the basis that they would criminalise people and did not assume the innocence of the accused – and would be expensive to defend against .
Tom Watson , the Labour MP for West Bromwich East and former Cabinet Office minister , rebelled against the bill and voted , with six other Labour rebels including Diane Abbott , against the whip for the first time in his nine - year parliamentary career .
The digital economy bill had substantial backing from the content industries , including record labels and film - makers and distributors , which claim that they are losing £ 400 m a year through online piracy and file - sharing .
It emerged when the bill passed through the Lords that a key amendment had been drafted by the BPI , which represents UK major record labels .
The Open Rights Group , which is opposing the measures against file - sharing on the basis that they assume guilt on the part of those who operate internet connections , and that they will discourage hotels , libraries and shops from offering free wireless internet , called the passage of the bill " an utter disgrace " .
Jim Killock , its executive director , said : " This is an attack on everyone 's right to communicate , work and gain an education .
Politicians have shown themselves to be incompetent and completely out of touch with an entire generation 's values .
There are thousands of activists working with ORG planning to show up at hustings , demand answers from candidates , and who are willing to punish those who voted for this at the ballot box . "
There may be more than 600 million metric tons of water ice sitting in craters at the moon ’s north pole .
The discovery , made by an Indian spacecraft , could mean big things for human colonization of our nearest neighbor .
BBC : A radar experiment aboard India ’s Chandrayaan - 1 lunar spacecraft has identified thick deposits of water ice near the Moon ’s north pole .
The US space agency ’s ( Nasa ) Mini - Sar experiment found more than 40 small craters containing water ice .
Read more
The news publishing industry is experiencing transformation at an ever - growing pace , with new policy issues arising as the landscape changes .
We will be examining policy discussions that will define the news publishing environment of the future , the key topics being internet governance , privacy and copyright .
Click here to learn more about our work .
WAN - IFRA Media Policy team and experts .
Ishmael is a half ton silverback gorilla .
He is a student of ecology , life , freedom , and the human condition .
He is also a teacher .
He teaches that which all humans need to learn – must learn – if our species , and the rest of life on Earth as we know it , is to survive .
Goaltender Dustin Tokarski was chosen in the fifth round , 122nd over all , at the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
He played three years with the Spokane Chiefs of the WHL , winning the major junior championship - the Memorial Cup - in 2008 .
A native of Humboldt , Saskatchewan , he helped the Canadian junior team win the World Junior Championships in 2009 .
He 's now in his first professional season , playing with the Norfolk Admirals of the AHL , and has seen limited action with the Tampa Bay Lightning , chalking up just over 40 minutes of playing time coming in relief in two road games in January .
Norfolk is currently gearing up for a playoff run , and I had a chance to talk to him last week and ask him a few questions ....
Did you start out as a goalie or did you start out at a different position ?
Well , when you ’re young , you play a bit of everything .
So I played everything up until I was 13 years old and then I became a full - time goalie .
Who from your past – a coach , a teammate , family – would you credit with helping you get this far as a goaltender ?
Who helped start you on this path ?
That ’s tough .
I ’ve had so many people influence me to get where I am .
But to start it all off , I ’ve got to say my mom and dad , for sure .
My dad was a goalie , but he never put any pressure on me ever to be a goaltender .
But when the time came that I chose that , he definitely helped me with little stuff and would shoot on me and gave me pointers when I was young .
We hear a lot about forward and defense conditioning during the off season , do goalies do the same regimen or how exactly is it different ?
It ’s somewhat similar .
I mean , you ’ve got to be in overall good shape , just like players .
But you definitely do different drills for a goaltender .
You ’d like to have strong shoulders for your arm movements , and you obviously want to have strong legs for quick movements in the crease – powerful pushes and edges .
You do a lot of powerful movements as a goaltender .
So you try to specify your training like that .
This summer I ’ll be following a program from Tampa , and I ’m sure they ’ll help me make it a personal one , so I ’ll just follow that .
Do you do any other sports to cross train with ?
I really like to golf in the summer .
I golf for fun .
Training - wise , that does n’t help too much .
But basically in the summer I play hockey and practice , and I play golf , and I work out .
Those are my main activities .
What ’s your favorite golf course ?
Oh , I do n’t know .
I ’ve played a lot of them in Spokane , and home .
I do n’t really have a favorite .
Which is better – your short game or your long game ?
Probably would have to say my short game .
You have a past with Norfolk ’s acting head coach , Leigh Mendelson , with the Spokane Chiefs organization .
Has having a familiar face helped with the transition from juniors to the pro ranks ?
Yes , for sure .
When I got here – just to know a familiar face , even just to talk with everyday opinions about – was pretty comforting .
Even just to ask an opinion on where to look to rent and stuff like that – just a bunch of little stuff – and he was great with helping me out , so it was really nice .
Norfolk has had two major coaching disruptions this season : Darren Rumble being fired in January and Jim Johnson being promoted to Tampa Bay two weeks ago .
Did that cause any upheaval in the Norfolk locker room ?
Not in the locker room .
We ’ve got very good leaders on our team , with Ryan Craig leading the way .
I mean , when Darren moved out and Jim stepped in , sometimes that ’s just what you need is a change .
The change obviously helped our hockey club and put us on a streak .
And when Leigh stepped in for Jim , we just kept the same mental aspect of what got us to where are now .
And I think we ’re still doing the same things – just staying focused and worrying about the things we can control .
Speaking of upheaval , how much of the NHL trade deadline talk made its way to Norfolk ?
Is it an after - thought or does it affect guys as much as the guys at the NHL level ?
Well , I mean , that ’s another thing out of your control .
You know , in the WHL there ’s a trade deadline , too , and I ’ve been thru that for two years now .
You pay attention , of course , to the changes that happen up top in Tampa .
It ’s definitely interesting .
But at the same time , you want to stay focused on what you ’re doing .
You made your NHL debut in January on the road against Florida ( in Miami ) and New York ( against the Rangers ) .
What are some of the off - ice perks in the show that surprised you compared to the AHL and juniors ?
Well , you ’re treated amazing up there .
Everything from equipment - wise to food - wise to hotels , it ’s all top - notch .
They make sure that the only thing you have to worry about is to play hockey on the ice .
So they treat you really good .
But you use your same equipment from Norfolk ?
Yeah .
How long does it take to break in those ?
Your pads ?
It varies .
Last year , in Spokane , I broke in a pair in a couple of days .
Right now I ’m trying to break in a pair and it ’s been over a week .
So it kind of depends every time .
From the same maker , it still depends ?
Or from switching from …?
I have n’t switched makers , so I ’m with the same one .
It just varies ; it ’s all personal .
You 've made a name for yourself in Canada in the World Junior Championships , and yet you 're now part of a franchise in a non-traditional market .
Do friends back home give you grief for this ?
No , no grief at all .
I mean , if anything , I get praised .
When I got drafted to Tampa , all my friends were saying , " Cool , you get to play hockey and wear shorts at the same time . "
You 're in the unique position of having recent playoff experience ( with the WHL's Spokane Chiefs in the Memorial Cup ) and tournament experience in the World Junior Championships .
How does that come in handy at playoff time if the Ads make it into the AHL playoffs ?
For sure , all that experience helps .
From midget it helped me in the WHL .
And from the WHL helped me at World Juniors .
It all leads on .
I ’m excited for playoffs , and I really hope we make playoffs , and take a run at it and hopefully go on a nice streak .
I know you just turned pro so they might not have produced any but , do you have any of your own rookie hockey cards and whose cards would be a fair trade ?
I do n’t know what you mean by " rookie . "
I do n’t have an NHL card yet .
I do n’t know , really .
There are some cards out there , but I do n’t know if they ’re considered my " rookie " card .
I ’ve had some with Spokane , and I know that there are some out here , but I do n’t know exactly .
With everywhere you have traveled - in juniors , in the AHL and in the NHL - what ’s been your favorite place to play ?
Favorite city to visit ?
I ’m not sure .
Every place I ’ve played has been really good for hockey , and I ’ve enjoyed it .
You know , we ’ve just played in cities , nothing too crazy .
I mean , I ’ve played in tons of different cities and they ’re all different .
When the federal Department of Health and Human Services recently issued a request for proposals , seeking competitive applications for the production , analysis and distribution of “ marijuana cigarettes , ” the request might have seemed a bit unusual to those unfamiliar with Washington ’s dance around cannabis research .
The federal government , after all , is not widely known to support marijuana cultivation .
But those in the know just shrugged .
The department has issued similar requests every few years to select a contractor to conduct government - approved marijuana research , and with depressing regularity it has then awarded an exclusive contract to the University of Mississippi .
For 40 years now , Washington has sought such “ competitive applications ” and Mississippi “ wins ” every time .
This rigged contest has successfully thwarted meaningful academic inquiry into marijuana ’s medicinal value , without which the debate over its efficacy is bound to endure .
Other studies — not conducted by the University of Mississippi — have suggested that marijuana has therapeutic value .
But because the United States has discouraged such research and made it legally difficult to undertake , these studies have been limited in scope .
What ’s missing is the broad research analyzing the cultivation and properties of different strains and their effects on a variety of illnesses .
For example , a strain of cannabis that is most effective with glaucoma may not be the same strain best suited to cancer patients .
Even if the university were running a perfect program , one institution cannot fulfill the country ’s research needs .
In February 2007 , when Administrative Law Judge Mary Ellen Bittner recommended that the Drug Enforcement Administration grant a license to cultivate marijuana for research purposes to a botanist at the University of Massachusetts , she said she had concluded that the supply of marijuana from the University of Mississippi program was of insufficient quality and quantity for research purposes .
The deadline for this latest round of applications is Oct.
9 . The government should take the opportunity to break the University of Mississippi ’s monopoly and choose a different institution .
That step alone would be a sign that the Obama administration will prioritize science over politics .
Merely shifting the contract from one institution to another , however , wo n’t change the status quo .
That will only happen when the federal government changes policy and awards multiple contracts for this important research .
– Article from Los Angeles Times .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
About 200 residents have been evacuated from their homes after a landslide split a hillside apart in the southern Italian town of Maierato .
The landslide , which caused power failure , could have been caused by heavy rains in the region , initial reports say .
Footage shows residents being urged to leave their houses and " run away " from the huge flow of mud falling from the hillside .
I recently posted that Don McLeroy , a Texas conservative creationist buffoon on the State School Board of Education , lost his re-election bid .
That was good news , but I also warned that in his last months on the BoE , lots of damage could still be done .
Sometimes I hate being right .
In a 10 - 5 party line vote last week , the BoE rammed through a vast number of changes to the Texas state history standards , all of which conform to the über - far - right 's twisted view of reality .
In these new standards , Hispanics are ignored , Black Panthers are added to provide balance to the kids learning about Martin Luther King , Jr. , and get this , Thomas Jefferson was removed * .
It 's insanity , pure and simple .
The absolute and utter denial of reality generally is .
In typical McLeroy nutball fashion , he said :
" We are adding balance , " said Dr. Don McLeroy , the leader of the conservative faction on the board , after the vote .
" History has already been skewed .
Academia is skewed too far to the left . "
" Balance " .
Feh .
As Colbert once said , reality has a well - known liberal bias .
The problem here is n't one of balance , it 's of revisionism .
As one of the more reality - based members of the BoE said , " They are rewriting history , not only of Texas but of the United States and the world . "
As another example , the new history standards downplays and questions the separation of Church and State .
And this was no accident by the religious zealots on the Board ; when a more moderate Democrat tried to insert language about why the Establishment Clause was put in the Constitution , it was voted down by the Republicans .
There 's tons more .
And there 's one that totally blows me away .
I hope you 're ready for this -- they added apologetics for the McCarthy hearings .
Yes , you read that right .
They added to the standards that America was being infiltrated by Communists , and therefore McCarthy was right .
Holy crap .
So , is Texas doomed ?
Well , I can hope that teachers across the state will see through this sort of revisionist garbage , but I also know that bucking the standards is very difficult for educators , especially when those standards guide how tests are made , both in the schools and in statewide standardized testing .
And even worse , Texas has such a huge school system that textbook publishers will base their books in large part on the Texas standards , and these books will then be sold in other states .
So these handful of ultra-conservative rabid far - right lunatics will actually be affecting the way children are taught all over the country .
That means my kid .
Your kids .
All of them .
Congratulations , Texas State Board of Education .
And thanks for dragging the rest of us down with your insanity .
My thank to everyone who sent me links about this .
[ ^* Update :
It was Jefferson 's contribution to the Enlightenment that was removed , not Jefferson himself .
Sorry for any confusion there . ]
UC San Francisco @UCSF 12 h
What our homeless patients need most is a place to live .
Research shows it ’s possible to house even the most impaired of those in our community who are experiencing homelessness .
@mravenEM @MKushel @SCC_HousingAuth @CityofSanJose @DSTNHome @jenloving23 https://t.co/lTojyiR5Ox
UC San Francisco @UCSF 17h Gays , lesbians and bisexuals are more likely to have migraine than straight adults ( 30 % vs. 19 % ) according to a JAMA Neurology study .
Prejudice and stigma may trigger or worsen migraine , says first author Jason Nagata .
https://t.co/SBaDvDXQL8
Soon the word " hella " may not be associated with California surfers as much as with scientists in lab coats .
A physics student is petitioning to add " hella " to the International System of Units ( SI ) as the official designation of 10 to the 27th power , or a trillion trillions .
Austin Sendek , a University of California , Davis undergraduate , has gathered almost 40,000 fans on the Facebook page devoted to his " movement . "
Many numbers have such prefixes , such as " centi " for 0.01 ( or 10 to the minus 2nd power ) , or " micro " for 10 to the minus 6th power .
On the larger side of things , " giga , " for example , represents 10 to the 9th power , or 1 billion .
But so far , the largest official designation is " yotta , " for 10 to the 24th power .
" In our world of increasing physical awareness and experimental precision , this number is no longer a satisfactory ' upper bound ' in scientific nomenclature , " Sendek wrote in his earnest petition .
To become official , " hella " would have to jump through quite a few bureaucratic hoops .
It would have to pass through the Consultative Committee for Units ( CCU ) , one of 10 advisory committees of the International Committee for Weights and Measures ( CIPM ) .
If the CCU recommends it the CIPM , that board must then decide whether to advance the cause to the General Conference on Weights and Measures ( CGPM ) , the official authority that can make changes to the SI system .
That international organization , based in France , includes members from 81 countries .
" I think that for a number of reasons it ’s a long shot , " said Ben Stein , a spokesperson for the National Institute of Standards and Technology , the U.S. organization that handles measurements .
" The types of things they would consider are : is it needed ; does it add or reduce confusion ; are the names consistent with other names associated with the prefixes ? "
Sendek argues that the name would honor the scientific contributions of Northern Californians , who have famously popularized the phrase " hella " to mean " a whole lot . "
" We believe that the SI system can not only rectify their failing prefix system but also honor the scientific progress of Northern California by formally establishing ' hella -' as the prefix for 10 ^ 27 , " Sendek wrote .
And Stein conceded the name does n't sound much crazier than some of the other prefixes in the system , such as " zetta , " " zepto " and " yocto . "
" I think it 's actually great that a student has shown initiative , " Stein told LiveScience .
" He 's helped raise awareness of units and measurements in science . "
The petition can be viewed here .
( CNN ) -- A
Navy training jet crashed in a north Georgia forest on Monday , killing at least three people aboard and setting more than 10 acres of woodland ablaze , local and federal authorities said .
A fourth person aboard the jet was unaccounted for Monday night , said Harry White , spokesman for the Naval Air Station in Pensacola , Florida .
The cause of the crash was under investigation .
FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said the crash of the twin - engine T - 39N trainer caused no injuries on the ground .
It went down just north of Morganton , Georgia , about 80 miles north of Atlanta , Fannin County Sheriff 's Maj.
Keith Bosen said .
" We got reports that it was flying pretty low , " Bosen said .
The plane had flown north - northeast over the nearby town of Blue Ridge before it went down about 4:40 p.m. , he said .
The mountainous area is ringed by national forest land , and the crash set the surrounding woods on fire .
" We have about a 10 - to 15 - acre fire still working at this time , " Bosen said .
The T - 39N took off from Pensacola Naval Air Station in Florida , about 400 miles south of Morganton , Bergen said .
The jet is a military version of Rockwell 's twin -engine Saberliner executive aircraft .
CNN 's Nick Valencia , Devon Sayers and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .
THE most ambitious greenhouse gas target flagged by the government - a 25 per cent cut by 2020 - is achievable at a cost to households of less than $ 4 a week , a detailed study has found .
It challenges claims that tackling climate change would trigger an exponential rise in the cost to consumers .
ClimateWorks Australia , a partnership between Monash University and the philanthropic Myer Foundation , examined the size and cost of potential emissions cuts in 54 areas .
It found nearly a third of the cuts would save the community money , largely through improved energy efficiency in commercial buildings , industry and transport .
The savings could help offset the expensive transformation of the electricity sector from '' dirty ' ' coal to cleaner energy forms .
ClimateWorks executive director Anna Skarbek said the cut would require a carbon price , as proposed by the government , and targeted '' direct action ' ' , championed by the opposition .
by
Our Team
Directions
This recipe currently has no directions
Iran 's capital city , Tehran , is firmly in the grip of the coronavirus pandemic .
The cultural scene is suffering because of it too .
But in the face of adversity and the often arbitrary interventions by the censor , books are still being published – such as the diaries of David Rubinowicz , who was murdered by the Nazis .
Mahmoud Hosseini Zad translated the book .
He spoke to Gerrit Wustmann about his work and the current situation in IranMore
When I was younger and headed to art college the pencil was one of my favorite mediums to use however seeing these images by Paul Hung I am incredibly envious of the talent that it took to do these images .
To realize that every single one of them was done with nothing more than a pencil is just frikken amazing .
5:41 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Pressure on Israel ?
5:38 pm
ACLU
ACLU Will Appeal Order To Turn Over Campaign Documents
In Prop 8 Challenge
5:22 pm
ACLU
Senator Graham Proposes Indefinite Detention Legislation To White House
4:16 pm
Center for Public Integrity ( CPI )
Bad Doctors Database Still Off Limits to Public
3:45 pm
Project On Government Oversight ( POGO )
Contracting Responsibility Database Improved , But Still Misses the Mark
3:18 pm
Nuclear Age Peace Foundation
New Roadmap to Nuclear Disarmament for 2010 Non-Proliferation Treaty Review Conference
2:00 pm
ACLU
New Health Care Legislation Includes Troubling Setbacks For Reproductive Rights
Will the auto industry bounce back in enough time to save the real - estate market ?
Will artists flock to the cheap real estate and colonize the city ?
Or , will it go the way of that luxury condo building in downtown Orlando that 's overwhelmed by vultures ?
Well , Detroit ’s mayor has an idea : Bulldoze it .
Mayor Dave
Bing is apparently working on a radical plan that would bulldoze a quarter of the city — some of the most desolate areas — and return it to farmland , the way it was before the automobile .
Any residents still there would be relocated to stronger neighborhoods .
This is n't a new idea —
Detroit has been kicking it around since the 1990s , and some people suggest dozens of U.S. cities hard - hit by the recession may have to be bulldozed .
One of those people is Dan Kildee , treasurer of Genesee County , which includes Flint , Michigan .
Kildee told London 's Telegraph that we need to get over the American mindset that " big is good . "
“ The obsession with growth is sadly a very American thing .
Across the US , there ’s an assumption that all development is good , that if communities are growing they are successful .
If they ’re shrinking , they ’re failing , ” he said .
When this talk of bulldozing cities resurfaced last summer , some people said there was no evidence that the government had such plans in the works .
But with Detroit taking the idea seriously , one professor says it may be time that we dared to dream — in a way we 've never dared before .
“ Things that were unthinkable are now becoming thinkable , ” James W. Hughes , dean of the School of Planning and Public Policy at Rutgers University , told the AP .
“ There is now a realization that past glories are never going to be recaptured .
Some people probably do n’t accept that but that is the reality , ” he said .
Welcome to the future .
Why does it look so much like 1910 instead of 2010 ?
More From CNBC.com :
Questions ?
Comments ?
Email me at ponyblog@cnbc.com or drop a line in the comment box below .
More from The Pony Blog : ponyblog.cnbc.com
From Mop :
All of the beautiful girls in the above photographs are actually men .
Comments from Mop :
贫僧当时就硬了 :
I admit I am hard ~ ~
い水珠儿い :
I have to say I am a little envious of them .
Tell me , how are they so pretty ?
Sigh , yet still men !
s2215959 :
I ca n’t go on anymore … if I keep looking at them I will no longer have any interest towards women …
初成坏蛋 :
All pretty girls , how many women would feel ashamed after looking at them .
Haha .
莪訆二丫 :
Actually , women should look at Brother Chun .
With such a powerful Brother Chun , how can they be ashamed ~
农村来的卧底 :
I keep hovering between hard and not hard ?
美女都被狗曰了 :
Dammit , I hate it when people say I look like a girl .
深入止痒♂ :
LZ , this post tells us that every time we SY to a photograph , we must first Baidu that photo first , just in case …
玖伍贰柒-唐僧肉 :
Kao , with already this many , it would n’t hurt to add one more …
宁波第一少女杀 :
Men are becoming more and more like women , and women more and more like men… this society is so …
匿名人 士715721 :
Remember , everyone , when you are out at night [ at nightclub , bar , etc. ] to not be deceived by exterior appearances !
Especially those “ girls ” who do n’t like to open their mouths !
[ It would be a ] tragedy !
A painful lesson !
What do you think ?
Would you be fooled ?
Would you admit it ?
More pretty girls , pretty boys , and maybe some pretty boys who look like pretty girls .
chinaSMACK personals .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 19th , 2010
Via : Deutsche Welle :
The 24 - strong bloc of Latin American states known as the Rio Group is to join the Caribbean Community to form a new trade body intended to present opposition to US dominance .
What can it really hope to achieve ?
The Rio Group assertively announced the birth of its successor earlier this week , at a summit in a resort town on Mexico ’s Caribbean coast .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared that a new body had been formed that would represent both the Group of Rio and the 15 - member Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) .
Going under the provisional name the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELC ) , the newly announced body specifically excluded the United States and Canada from membership , and intends to consolidate the sometimes tenuous solidarity among the Central and South American states .
The exclusion of the two North American powerhouses puts the nascent organization in direct competition with the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , established in 1948 , over which the US holds decisive authority .
The declaration is clearly a statement of South America ’s new self - assertion , and comes in the wake of provocative times , as fellow Rio Group states rallied around Argentina in its current dispute with Britain over oil - drilling rights off the Falkland Islands .
Research Credit : RM
Elite | Posted in Economy Top Of Page
For decades , faith and family have been at the center of the conservative movement .
But as the Tea Party infuses conservatism with new energy , its leaders deliberately avoid discussion of issues like gay marriage or abortion .
God , life and family get little if any mention in statements or manifestos .
The motto of the Tea Party Patriots , a large coalition of groups , is “ fiscal responsibility , limited government , and free markets . ”
The Independence Caucus questionnaire , which many Tea Party groups use to evaluate candidates , poses 80 questions , most on the proper role of government , tax policy and the federal budgeting process , and virtually none on social issues .
The Contract From America , which is being created Wiki - style by Internet contributors as a manifesto of what “ the people ” want government to do , also mentions little in the way of social issues , beyond a declaration that parents should be given choice in how to educate their children .
By contrast , the document it aims to improve upon — the Contract With America , which Republicans used to market their successful campaign to win a majority in Congress in 1994 — was prefaced with the promise that the party would lead a Congress that “ respects the values and shares the faith of the American family . ”
Tea Party leaders argue that the country can ill afford the discussion about social issues when it is passing on enormous debts to future generations .
But the focus is also strategic : leaders think they can attract independent voters if they stay away from divisive issues .
In the heyday of the AT&T monopoly era , the telco 's legendary CEO John deButts had an acronym for the company 's main product .
He christened it POTS , aka Plain Old Telephone Service , delivered over Ma Bell 's copper wire public switched telephone network ( PSTN ) .
A half - century later , AT&T says it 's time for POTS to die , and it wants the Federal Communications Commission to schedule its funeral .
POTS and PSTN are " relics of a by gone era , " AT&T wrote to the FCC just before the holidays .
" Due to technological advances , changes in consumer preference , and market forces , the question is when , not if , POTS service and the PSTN over which it is provided will become obsolete . "
The company says it wants the agency to solicit public comments for " a firm deadline for the phaseout " of both , " and it should ask what that deadline should be . "
POTS going to pot
The FCC , of course , knows it has to get going on this transition .
In fact , AT&T is responding to a Notice of Inquiry the agency put out earlier this month on how how to move to an all Internet Protocol phone system .
But as AT&T points out , the incumbent telcos do n't have the luxury of time on this subject .
Consumers are already voting with their feet on IP telephony , glomming onto every kind of VoIP service faster than you can say Vonage .
" Congress ’s goal of universal access to broadband will not be met in a timely or efficient manner if providers are forced to continue to invest in and to maintain two networks , " AT&T warns , especially if one of the networks is becoming increasingly unprofitable .
That would be the POTS network , obviously .
Twenty - two percent of households have already " cut the cord , " and given up landline service in favor of a mobile phone , AT&T notes .
700,000 landlines are being dropped every month .
Eighteen million households ( maybe more ) now subscribe to Skype , Vonage , or some other flavor of VoIP .
By the end of next year , cable companies will probably be serving up broadband phone service to over 24 million consumers .
By 2011 , the total VoIP subscriber count could go as high as 45 million .
" Indeed , perhaps the clearest sign of the transformation away from POTS and towards a broadband future is that there are probably now more broadband connections than telephone lines in the United States , " AT&T adds .
And as millions of consumers migrate away from POTS , those who keep it are using it less .
Many have a wireless phone , or communicate via instant messaging , blogs , and social network sites .
And that means that revenue from POTS is sinking fast .
It dropped from $ 178.6 billion in 2000 to $ 130.8 billion in 2007 — a trend that AT&T warns is " irreversible . "
But while the customer base is falling , costs are rising , the telco claims .
That 's because incumbents have to maintain their PSTNs over progressively skinnier customer bases .
All this is sucking up money and hamstringing investment in the " other network , " aka the IP broadband system .
" In other words , a huge proportion of the capital resources available to some of the largest telecommunications providers in the country is being directed , not towards improving broadband speeds or bringing broadband to more customers , " AT&T contends , " but rather towards maintaining an increasingly obsolete network that is no longer capable of providing the services and features that American consumers and policymakers demand . "
Horse - drawn carriages
So the company wants the FCC to hurry things along .
" In most industries , a dramatic fall in demand for an outdated product would lead firms to stop producing the old product and focus their investment and resources on newer ones , " AT&T observes .
" No one prevented horse - drawn carriage manufacturers from switching to automobiles the moment it became clear that the antecedent technology was obsolete . "
But it 's not that simple for a lifeline industry that provides not only equipment , but the service for that equipment .
Many regulatory questions will have to be resolved , and AT&T 's solutions for these dilemmas are not always popular .
The biggest regulatory problem this transition faces is that a huge percentage of revenue that comes into the FCC's Universal Service Fund is based on rules for the old POTS network .
The USF subsidizes phone service for low income consumers and subsidizes providers in remote rural areas .
It does so by tithing a small percentage of your long distance call costs ( if you 've got a land line ) and by letting those smaller carriers charge a fee to the incumbents for taking calls along their network to completion .
This last practice is called " intercarrier compensation . "
IP telephony throws a huge monkey wrench into this system by making the whole idea of " long distance " a largely irrelevant concept .
As we 've reported , AT&T hates the current system of intercarrier comp , because it allows small , competitive carriers to engage in " traffic pumping " — partnering with sex chat and conference services to draw intercarrier - comp - funded calls into their market areas .
So , AT&T argues : " If voice service becomes just another application on a high - speed , packet - switched network , then switched access charges , reciprocal compensation , and any other forms of intercarrier compensation will presumably disappear - along with the inefficiencies , regulatory disparities , and arbitrage opportunities that currently accompany these charges . "
But it 's unlikely that everybody agrees that all these charges should " disappear " as a consequence of the transition .
If the FCC does not " begin the hard work now of moving carriers away from implicit subsidies and arbitrage - based business models through comprehensive intercarrier compensation reform , " AT&T warns , " it will be next to impossible to shift to an IP - based framework for the exchange of all traffic down the road . "
No doubt said carriers will see the matter very differently , and take their disagreements to the FCC early and often .
Expect some opposition as well to AT&T 's recommendation that USF compensation be calculated not by the distance of calls , but via a " numbers based methodology , " or as AT&T put it in an earlier filing : " per telephone number and connection assessment multiplied by the number of telephone numbers and connections " each consumer has .
This would amount to a " flat tax " of consumers , and could rack up huge bills for big institutions like schools , a coalition of educators told the FCC several years ago .
Building upon " success "
Then there 's the thorny question of " unbundling " — letting smaller companies connect to the big cable and telco networks at regulated rates to provide residential broadband services .
The FCC abandoned this policy in the first half of this decade — its decision upheld by the Supreme Court in its Brand X decision .
But it looks like AT&T is worried that a POTS - to - IP phone transition could create yet another window for reconsidering the move , especially since the FCC recently commissioned a study concluding that countries that have embraced unbundling have faster and cheaper broadband networks .
The Commission 's " deregulatory policy [ regarding unbundling ] has resulted in an enormous amount of investment in broadband and made the goal of universal broadband within reach , " AT&T insists .
" The Commission should seek comment on the best ways to build upon those successes as the industry transitions to broadband and phases out the PSTN . "
No doubt then that setting an execution date for land line telephony will bring many issues to a head .
But it 's just as well that the FCC and AT&T agree that the End Days for POTS are in sight .
The Commission and Congress have been dragging their heels for years on intercarrier compensation and USF reform .
More often than not , it 's deadlines like these that force the system to change — hopefully for the better .
Most political commentators concur that social democratic parties have been in decline over the past ten years or so .
Is social democracy historically doomed ?
Is this terminal decline or simply a bit of a rough patch ?
We have been here before : in the 1920s , Communism was looking forward to a bright future and social democracy seemed destined for extinction .
This gloomy prospect re-surfaced again in the 1940s and 1950s , when Communist parties in several European countries ( notably France , Italy and Greece ) took the ascendancy over weakened social democratic forces .
Some spoke again of the death of social democracy in the aftermath of May ‘ 68 .
In the 1969 presidential election in France , Gaston Defferre , the socialist candidate , received a mere 5 % of the votes , lagging considerably behind Jacques Duclos of the French Communist Party ( 21 % ) .
Each time , the most pessimistic predictions turned out to be wrong : each time social democratic parties in Europe proved to be extremely resilient and bounced back .
Given these precedents , it would seem unwise to argue yet again that the end is nigh for social democracy , however bad its current situation .
This said , its electoral , ideological and programmatic prospects are today so uncertain that it looks as if social democracy is engaged in a battle for its survival .
A steady electoral decline
The electoral decline of social democracy is often overlooked .
Despite a modest increase in the mid-1990s ( average voting peaked at 29.7 % in the EU 12 , which excludes Spain , Portugal and Greece , countries that did not compete in democratic elections until the 1970s ) , social democracy has consistently lost votes over the past 50 years .
The European average for the 1990s was below the 1980s average ( 31,1 % ) , and well below the 1950s average ( 33,2 % ) .
Ironically , when social democracy dominated European politics in the 1990s , it was itself in retreat in electoral terms .
This electoral weakness explains to some extent why the social democratic domination did not last .
As for the 2000 - 09 period , the decline has steadily continued , with the average being 26.6 % .
The beginning of the social democratic slump dates back to the 1970s and has been confirmed in the following decades .
More worryingly for these parties , it has intensified since 2000 .
To sum up , since the 1970s , social democracy has , on average , lost votes , each decade proving less profitable than the previous one : – 1.5 % in the 1970s , – 0.6 % in the 1980s , – 1.9 % in the 1990s and – 2.6 % in the 2000s .
Between the 1950s - 1960s and now , social democratic parties in northern Europe have lost about 20 % of their votes .
This electoral decline affected all parties , although some in the south tend to be less affected ( the PASOK in Greece , the PSOE in Spain and the PS in Portugal ) .
While the erosion is not linear ( consider the electoral successes of the 1990s ) , the trend is confirmed over the long term .
The parties which were hegemonic on the left and influential in national politics have been hit hardest ( Labour party in the UK , the SPD in Germany , the SAP in Sweden , the PS in Belgium , the PvDA in the Netherlands , the SD in Norway , the DNA in Denmark ) .
The situation today looks pretty bleak for some parties which have fallen below a 20 % threshold ( PvDA received 12 % of the share of the votes in the 2009 European elections ) .
For these parties , their future as ‘ natural governing party ’ could be compromised in the long run .
This electoral trend was emphatically confirmed in the 2009 European elections .
Social democratic parties were the main losers on this occasion despite harbouring high hopes of doing well after the debâcle of financial capitalism and market politics .
These poor results are all the more surprising given that , almost everywhere in Europe , conservative forces are in decline .
The main lesson of this election was that social democratic parties were severely rejected where they are traditionally strong ( France , Germany , UK , Italy and Spain ) .
One can note also that the slump in votes of social democratic forces benefited the radical left in several countries ( France , Germany , Portugal and to some extent Greece ) .
Ideological and cultural meltdown
The continuous electoral decline of social democracy is only one side of the coin .
Over the past 25 years , social democracy has also seen dramatic transformations from a cultural and ideological viewpoint .
What was ‘ historic ’ social democracy about ?
It was a reformist force which accepted capitalism on the condition that it be regulated by the state .
Its ethos was egalitarian and it aimed to achieve social justice and economic redistribution through an interventionist state in socio-economic areas .
Social democracy possessed two other essential features : a strong working - class base and a close relationship ( and in some cases , solid organic links ) with trade - union organisations .
A number of political scientists have argued that what constituted the originality of social democracy was less a set of policies ( e.g. Keynesianism ) than its proximity with the working classes and a specific cultural and partisan tradition ( party organisation , activism ) .
All aspects of social democratic life have been transformed : the nature of the party ( from mass parties to catch - all or cartel parties ; from parties of the salaried workers to parties of the more affluent fractions of the middle - classes ) , the party life , the leadership , the relationship with the unions , its membership , its electorate and , obviously , its policies and ideology .
Some commentators argue that social democracy ’s problems today are essentially of an ideological nature .
They point out that Third Way politics and its attempt at representing a ‘ Thatcherism with a human face ’ have failed .
Others stress the poor performance in office of some social democratic leaders : Tony Blair and his manufacturing of an illegal war in Iraq , Gerhard Schröder ’s dismantling of large chunks of the German Social State , Walter Veltroni ’s and Massimo d’Alema ’s destruction of the Italian left after entering in a coalition with right - wing parties and Gordon Brown ’s enduring love for the financial markets .
This is what the then Chancellor of the Exchequer was saying in 2006 in his annual speech at Mansion House :
‘ The message London 's success sends out to the whole British economy is that we will succeed if like London we think globally ( … ) if we advance with light touch regulation , a competitive tax environment and flexibility .
(…)
And just as two years ago we promoted the action plan for liberalising financial services across Europe , I can tell you that the Treasury is now working with Charles McCreevy [ European Commissioner for Internal Markets and Services ] and with you to ensure that the forthcoming European financial services white paper signals a new wave of liberalisation .
(…)
In 2003 , just at the time of a previous Mansion House speech , the Worldcom accounting scandal broke .
And I will be honest with you , many who advised me including not a few newspapers , favoured a regulatory crackdown . (…)
I believe that we were right not to go down that road which in the United States led to Sarbannes - Oxley , and we were right to build upon our light touch system through the leadership of Sir Callum McCarthy - fair , proportionate , predictable and increasingly risk based . ’
This being said , to blame the more right - wing leaders for all social democratic ills is rather unconvincing as allegedly more left - wing social democrats ( e.g. Lionel Jospin in France ) have also embraced some of the Third Way narrative and implemented Blairite policies when they were in office ( privatisation of public services , social dumping to attract foreign investors , tax cuts for the rich and cuts on social benefits for the poor , deregulation of markets and promotion of economic competition in the European Union , unconditional support of economic globalisation , harsh law and order policies as well as severe restrictions on immigration from poorer countries ) .
At home and in Europe , social democratic parties have consolidated the ‘ neoliberal consensus ’ .
Since the 1980s , social democrats have promoted free markets and turned a blind eye on income inequality .
A recent study has shown that in advanced societies , unprecedented levels of wealth and comfort have been accompanied by mental and emotional suffering .
In other words , there is a striking contrast between their material success and social failure .
Recent social democrats ( notably Tony Blair ) have assumed that social problems bear little relationship to average incomes .
In reality , evidence suggests that income differentials within populations matter a great deal .
In the most unequal societies ( the United States , Portugal , the United Kingdom and New Zealand ) , social relations deteriorate and levels of trust are lower .
Social structures that create relationships based on inequality and social exclusion inflict social pain ( health - related problems such as obesity , alcoholism and mental illness , poorer educational attainment , higher teenage birth rates and higher imprisonment rates ) .
With Tony Blair and Gerhard Schröder , uncritical support of globalisation became the new mantra .
Between 1997 and 2002 , Lionel Jospin privatised more public utilities than any right - wing government during the same period .
As a result , large sections of social democracy have done very little , if anything at all , to improve the lives of the millions of unemployed and poor people .
In reality , the gap between rich and poor has significantly increased while social democrats have been in government .
And the middle classes , who can no longer rely on effective and cheap public services , are also increasingly struggling .
Peter Mandelson once famously said that he was ‘ relaxed about people getting filthy rich ’ .
His wish has come true .
Today , Britain is still the Little America that Margaret Thatcher successfully established in the 1980s .
It is a country where economic and cultural inequalities remain shockingly entrenched , where public services continue to be sparse and mediocre , where electoral turn outs are ridiculously low and where economic competition and consumerism are the cardinal values .
So the problem with social democracy is much deeper and more serious than a mere change of rhetoric or personnel .
A conservative force
In the 1990s , social democracy has become a conservative force , both politically and culturally .
In June 2002 , addressing a select group of ‘ socialist ’ luminaries including Bill Clinton , Peter Mandelson ’s message was clear : ‘ We are all Thatcherites now ! ’
Blair thought that adopting a tempered version of neoliberalism would make his party look young and modern .
Quite the opposite .
For the first time in its history , social democracy has borrowed the ideas and policies from its right - wing opponents .
It has ceased to venture fresh and progressive ideas .
Social democracy used to be clearly on the left ; a political force that was fought by the right because of its progressive pedigree .
Social democrats can be proud of their past achievements : the introduction of universal suffrage , the extension of political and social rights to the working class , the establishment of the welfare state and , after May ‘ 68 , the adoption of post - materialist and anti-authoritarian policies .
Has social democracy anything distinctive to say about many of the problems we currently face ?
No .
Until the 1990s , every ideological modernisation and every policy innovation offered an alternative to the free market ideology of the right .
This is not to say that these social democratic policies aimed at overthrowing capitalism .
They aimed to tame it and make it acceptable to the worst - off in society by imposing redistributive policies when social democrats were in power .
This was the meaning of the social democratic compromise with capitalism ; a compromise between the interests of labour and those of capital .
There was no such thing as the Third Way , essentially the rebranding of the Reaganomics of the 1980s .
On the one hand , it claimed to ‘ empower ’ communities and individuals , on the other it methodically carried out the deregulation of market forces and pursued privatisations .
The Third Way model suffered from a deep democratic deficit .
It professed a commitment to ‘ people ’s democracy ’ but made sure that neither party members , nor voters would truly engage with politics when it mattered .
Even worse , when they did get involved and opposed the decisions reached by social democratic governments , their opinions were ignored or dismissed altogether ( in New Labour ’s case , consider the Iraq war , the privatisation of the London tube , the PFI projects ) .
Turning things around
While studying the German SPD in the 1910s , Roberto Michels verified the existence of an ‘ Iron law of oligarchy ’ .
By this , Michels meant that the SPD was run by a coterie of professional politicians who made all the decisions .
Things have further deteriorated since then .
Today , party members and officials are mostly confined to rubber - stamping decisions and canvassing voters in the run-up to elections .
In order to be seen as a credible force to the public ( and this includes their own members and traditional voters ) , social democratic parties will have to set themselves a twofold objective :
Firstly , they have to rejuvenate their internal democracy .
Party bureaucracies need to engage with their members , to consult them more often and to give them more responsibility .
What is more , members have to be listened to and heard whenever they strongly disagree with the leadership ( the example of the Iraq war springs to mind as far as the Labour party is concerned ) .
In short , social democratic parties have to re-politicise their members .
Party members should behave again as proper activists and cease to be mere supporters or cheerleaders .
Secondly , social democratic parties have to be far more committed to solving wealth inequalities between populations than they have been over the past twenty years .
It follows that they have to be more concerned about the needs of their ‘ own ’ people ( the hard working salariat ) and less attentive to their opponents ( the vested interests of the world of finance and beyond ) .
This is not just a question of social justice , but also one of fighting for safer , healthier and more efficient societies .
Ironically , when they came to power in the late 1990s , Blair and his allies gave a new lease of life to much discredited neoliberal policies .
The Third Way was a project in political submission to the ideas , policies and vested interests of the right .
Unable to correct the growing inequalities ( or unconcerned by the growing inequalities ) , the new social democrats have ended up losing their traditional supporters : the working and salaried classes .
Today , so - called ‘ disillusioned ’ high earners are returning en masse to the conservatives .
The bases of New Labour are crumbling .
It is undeniable that social democracy has also failed to propose a progressive future for the European Union .
It is telling that important neoliberal policies were implemented between 1997 and 2002 , while social democrats were running an overwhelming majority of member states in the EU ( 12 out of 15 ) .
What has the Party of European Socialists ( PES ) done for ‘ Social Europe ’ ?
Next to nothing .
Yet , every five years the same hollow social democratic chants ring out : ‘ Social Europe ! Social Europe !’
Whether as heads of governments , in the Commission , or in the European Parliament , social democrats have worked alongside reactionary forces to promote ‘ unfettered markets ’ ( according to the words in title 3 of the Constitutional Treaty ) .
Instead of developing concrete steps to promote solidarity and employment , they have voted in favour of policies that have fostered competition between member states .
This in turn has created an incentive for some countries to practice social dumping .
It has made the European Union a place of high unemployment , low wages and dismantled public services .
Back in the 1980s , social democrats believed that the Single European Market and later on the eurozone would enable them to launch the market - corrective policies that they could no longer implement nationally .
In the end , it had the opposite effect : the neoliberal policies adopted by all member states ( including social democratic ones ) have further restricted redistributive policies nationally .
These choices have facilitated economic and social policies which have gone against the interests of social democracy , i.e. its proclaimed social justice agenda .
Today , social democracy faces two major constraints : free market globalization ( an economic constraint ) and the institutions of the European Union which support free market policies ( a political constraint ) .
Casino capitalism is proving to be a disaster for humankind and for the environment .
The financial crisis provides social democrats with a golden opportunity to dispense with their neoliberal frame of thought and action .
For its own sake , social democracy urgently needs to ditch the insane idea that one can promote the ideals of social justice while using the economic dogmas of Milton Friedman and Friedrich Hayek .
In these troubled times , social democracy can only recapture a sense of purpose and make a useful contribution to progressive politics , if it rediscovers its egalitarian roots and shows empathy for the underdogs .
It is not too late to do so , but social democracy has a long way to go .
Oh my days .
Why have’t I tried this yet ?!
But no , this is really weird and disgusting .
And funny of course .
‘ Syndey bars are full of wankers ’ .
I ’ll remember that .
3973
" Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " is a commercially reconstructed cartoon of a popular underground " graph - vel " of the same name .
The story kicks off with a headstrong television journalist named April O'Neil investigating the goings - on of a recent warehouse break - in .
A gang of bruts chases her into the labyrinthian sewers of New York City ( or Manhattan ) where she is rescued by four mysterious figures .
She discovers that they are actually masked anthropomorphic turtles .
Falling unconscious , they take her to their secret lair .
After awakening , their rat sensei Splinter tells her of his coming to America , his students ' mutation , and a ruthless crime lord named Oroku Saki ( later proclaiming himself as the Shredder ) .
From this point forward , a elongated plot surfaces focusing on the turtles and the friends they meet along the way foiling the Shredder and his " brainy " associate Krang 's plans for total domination of Earth .
A few reasons this show was so popular is because of its creativity and comedic integrity .
It would often reinforce the fact that it was just a kid 's show - - nothing more .
I assume this was to educate impressionable and reclusive children who spent too much time imagining they were ninja turtles .
In an episode that aired during the early '90s , Baxter the Fly ( formally Professor Baxter Stockman ) transformed the people of Channel 6 into insects with a mixture of Krang 's mutagen and some genetic extractions .
During the episode 's climax , he unwittingly gets caught in a spider 's web spun by Vernon .
Right before he could consume Baxter , the turtles free him and say , " that is not how we get rid of villains on this show . "
This was quite refreshing for that particular time .
" Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " was also the stuff of conformity and unity , a theme that appeared in several other shows during the ' 80s and essentially defined the era .
What is it , exactly , that distinguishes us from other species ?
The definition of humankind has perplexed scientists , philosophers and theorists for centuries .
DNA composition differentiates species in a technical sense , but that definition is hardly satisfying .
Certainly there must be something more ethereal that separates us from “ lower ” forms of creatures .
Over the centuries , several definitions have emerged — from using tools to speaking — but have then been proven insufficient in some heuristic way .
So I propose another option : manipulating energy .
One of the earliest definitions of humankind is that we make tools , while other species do not .
The unspoken corollary is that our tools are a reflection of our humanity :
The more advanced our tools , the more advanced our civilization .
In our modern thinking , the finely honed metal tools of the Middle Ages reveal a more advanced ( and civilized ) society compared to the rugged creators of ice - age stone adzes .
And , subsequently , today ’s humans , with cyber- tools and sophisticated nanoscale electronic devices , are more advanced than the people from the Middle Ages .
But Jane Goodall turned that definition on its head .
Goodall discovered that chimpanzees make tools :
They fashion leaves into cups , collecting water from pools in the knots of trees , or strip sticks of leaves and thorns , leaving a smooth stem to extract termites from mounds .
Another proposed distinction is that humans have language , whereas other animals do not .
Language was the gulf that separated us from other animals — until Koko the gorilla came along .
Born in 1971 , Koko was taught approximately 1,000 signs of American Sign Language .
Although proficient signing is not quite the same as communicating via language , there were some striking incidences where she made her point clear .
She created insults , including classics such as “ stupid devil , ” “ devil head ” and “ you dirty bad toilet . ”
She also invented words when she lacked the proper vocabulary : “ finger bracelet ” for “ ring ” and “ water bird ” for “ duck ” are just two of many examples .
A linguist is unlikely to declare that Koko ’s imaginative use of sign language qualifies as a language in the strictest sense ; however , a casual observer might conclude that Koko ’s ability to invent words and phrases to convey meaning indicates that the language gulf separating humans from other animals is less robust than we once thought .
In recent years , some people have said the definition of humankind could revolve around sex : Humans control their reproduction and engage in recreational sex ; other animals do not .
While I ’m not eager to use this column as a vehicle for debating reproductive rights , the notion that humans are the only species with reproductive choice is a fascinating one .
However , upon inspection , this definition also fails to withstand scrutiny .
We are hardly alone .
Dolphins , mountain goats , rhesus macaques and proboscis monkeys ( to name just a few ) all engage in various forms of nonprocreative or recreational sex .
The full range of activities would make most readers blush .
And so back to the drawing board .
I contend that what really separates humans from all the other species is that we are the only ones to manipulate energy .
The First Law of Thermodynamics tells us that energy has many forms ( for example , chemical , thermal , kinetic , electrical , atomic , radiant ) and that we can convert from one form to another .
And though all species benefit from the natural conversion of radiant energy ( for example , sunlight ) into chemical energy ( derived from , for example , photosynthesis ) , humans are the only species that will specifically manipulate energy from one form to another — for example converting chemical energy ( fuels ) to thermal energy ( heat ) or mechanical energy ( motion ) .
And , thus , a new definition of humanity is born : Humans intentionally manipulate energy .
The good news is that we can be proud of our ability to use these manipulations as a way to advance the quality and length of our lives .
It ’s human nature to manipulate resources around us to our benefit .
The bad news is that because energy consumption inherently has environmental impacts , the corollary is that only humans intentionally pollute .
And that is the paradox that remains as the ultimate challenge for humanity :
How do we get the benefits of energy without its problems ?
Perhaps we can use this new vision of ourselves as a call to action .
By admitting that energy is a central and defining aspect of who we are , perhaps we can finally find the courage to accept responsibility for its negative effects .
After all , that would be the humane thing to do .
Note :
This is going to sound crazy at first , but bear with me .
The current best - practice for writing rails code dictates that your business logic belongs in your model objects .
Before that , it was n't uncommon to see business logic scattered all over controller actions and even view code .
Pushing business logic in to models makes apps easier to understand and test .
I used this technique rather successfully for quite some time .
With plugins like resource_controller , building an app became simply a matter of implementing the views and the persistence layer .
With so little in the controller , the focus was mainly on unit tests , which are easier to write and maintain than their functional counterparts .
But it was n't all roses .
As applications grew , test suites would get slow — like minutes slow .
When you 're depending on your persistence objects to do all of the work , your unit tests absolutely must hit the database , and hitting the database is slow .
It 's a given in the rails world : big app == slow tests .
But slow tests are bad .
Developers are less likely to run them .
And when they do , it takes forever , which often turns in to checking twitter , reading reddit , or a coffee break , harming productivity .
Also , coupling all of your business logic to your persistence objects can have weird side - effects .
In our application , when something is created , an after_create callback generates an entry in the logs , which are used to produce the activity feed .
What if I want to create an object without logging — say , in the console ?
I can't .
Saving and logging are married forever and for all eternity .
When we deploy new features to production , we roll them out selectively .
To achieve this , both versions of the code have to co-exist in the application .
At some level , there 's a conditional that sends the user down one code path or the other .
Since both versions of the code typically use the same tables in the database , the persistence objects have to be flexible enough to work in either situation .
If calling # save triggers version 1 of the business logic , then you 're basically out of luck .
The idea of creating a database record is inseparable from all the actions that come before and after it .
Here Comes the Crazy Part
The solution is actually pretty simple .
A simplified explanation of the problem is that we violated the Single Responsibility Principle .
So , we 're going to use standard object oriented techniques to separate the concerns of our model logic .
Let 's look at the first example I mentioned : logging the creation of a user .
Here 's the tightly coupled version :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base after_create : log_creation protected def log_creation Log .
new_user ( self ) end end
To decouple the logging from the creation of the database record , we 're going to use something called a service object .
A service object is typically used to coordinate two or more objects ; usually , the service object does n't have any logic of its own ( simplified definition ) .
We 're also going to use Dependency Injection so that we can mock everything out and make our tests awesomely fast ( seconds not minutes ) .
The implementation is simple :
class UserCreationService def initialize ( user_klass = User , log_klass = Log ) @ user_klass = user_klass @ log_klass = log_klass end def create ( params ) @ user_klass .
create ( params ) .
tap do | u | @ log_klass .
new_user ( u ) end end end
The specs :
describe UserCreationService do before do @ user = stub ( " User " ) @ user_klass = stub ( " Class : User " , : create => @ user ) @ log_klass = stub ( " Class : Log " , : new_user => nil ) @ service = UserCreationService .
new ( @ user_klass , @ log_klass ) @ params = { : name => " Matz " , : hobby => " Being Nice " } @ service .
create ( @ params ) end it " creates the user with the supplied parameters " do @ user_klass .
should have_received ( : create ) . with ( @ params ) end it " logs the creation of the user " do @ log_klass .
should have_received ( : new_user ) . with ( @ user ) end end
Aside from being able to create a user record in the console without triggering a log item , there are a few other advantages to this approach .
The specs will run at lightning speed because no work is actually being done .
We know that Fast specs make happier and more productive programmers .
Also , debugging the actions that occur after save becomes much simpler with this approach .
Have you ever been in a situation where a model would n't save because a callback was mistakenly returning nil ?
Debugging ( necessarily ) opaque callback mechanisms is hard .
But then I 'll have all these extra classes in my app !
Yeah , it 's true .
You might write a few more " class X ; end "s with this approach .
You might even write a few percent more lines of actual code .
But you 'll wind up with more maintainability for it ( not to mention faster tests , code that 's easier to understand , etc ) .
The truth is that in a simple application , obese persistence objects might never hurt .
It 's when things get a little more complicated than CRUD operations that these things start to pile up and become pain points .
That 's why so many rails plugins seem to get you 80 % of the way there , like immediately , but then wind up taking forever to get that extra 20 % .
Ever wondered why it seems impossible to write a really good state machine plugin — or why file uploads always seem to hurt eventually , even with something like paperclip ?
It 's because these things do n't belong coupled to persistence .
The kinds of functionality that are typically jammed in to active record callbacks simply do not belong there .
Something like a file upload handler belongs in its own object ( at least one ! ) .
An object that is properly encapsulated and thus isolated from the other things happening around it .
A file upload handler should n't have to worry about how the name of the file gets stored to the database , let alone where it is in the persistence lifecycle and what that means .
Are we in a transaction ?
Is it before or after save ?
Can we safely raise an error ?
In the tightly coupled version of the example above , the interaction between the User object and the Log object are implicit .
They 're unstated side - effects of their respective implementations .
In the UserCreationService version , they are completely explicit , stated nicely for any reader of our code to see .
If we wanted to log conditionally ( say , if the User object is valid ) , a plain old if statement would communicate our intent far better than simply returning false in a callback .
These kinds of interactions are hard enough to get right as it is .
Properly separating concerns and responsibilities is a tried , tested , and true method for simplifying software development and maintenance .
I 'm not just pulling this stuff out of my ass .
The sight of human beings , most of them unarmed , being gunned down from above is jarring enough .
But for many people who watched the video of a 2007 assault by an Army Apache helicopter in Baghdad , released Monday by WikiLeaks.org , the most disturbing detail was the cockpit chatter .
The soldiers joked , chuckled and jeered as they shot people in the street , including a Reuters photographer and a driver , believing them to be insurgents .
“ Look at those dead bastards , ” one said .
“ Nice , ” another responded .
In recent days , many veterans have made the point that fighters cannot do their jobs without creating psychological distance from the enemy .
One reason that the soldiers seemed as if they were playing a video game is that , in a morbid but necessary sense , they were .
“ You do n’t want combat soldiers to be foolish or to jump the gun , but their job is to destroy the enemy , and one way they ’re able to do that is to see it as a game , so that the people do n’t seem real , ” said Bret A. Moore , a former Army psychologist and co-author of the forthcoming book “ Wheels Down : Adjusting to Life After Deployment . ”
Military training is fundamentally an exercise in overcoming a fear of killing another human , said Lt. Col .
Dave Grossman , author of the book “ On Killing : The Psychological Cost of Learning to Kill in War and Society , ” who is a former Army Ranger .
INSIDE HIGHER ED INSIDE HIGHER ED
For more breaking news , features and commentary from the world of higher education , visit : insidehighered.com .
WHAT'S IN WHAT'S IN
The compromise version of the student loan legislation contains : • $ 36 billion for Pell Grants • $ 2.55 billion for historically black and other minority serving colleges • $ 2 billion for a grant program for community colleges and career training programs • $ 1.5 billion to expand income - based repayment options for student loan borrowers • $ 750 million for College Access Challenge Grants • $ 50 million to help colleges make transition to direct loan program WASHINGTON 
The endgame of massive pieces of legislation like the current health care / student loan bill are a politics junkie 's dream — and many a policy wonk 's nightmare .
The kinds of compromises that are typically required to win last - minute votes , meet budget requirements , and get a measure over the finish line often necessitate decisions that leave nobody — even those making the choices to get the deal done — entirely satisfied .
The endgame of massive pieces of legislation like the current health care / student loan bill are a politics junkie 's dream — and many a policy wonk 's nightmare .
The kinds of compromises that are typically required to win last - minute votes , meet budget requirements , and get a measure over the finish line often necessitate decisions that leave nobody — even those making the choices to get the deal done — entirely satisfied .
FOLLOW THE BILL : Get updates in USA TODAY's ' On Politics ' ON THE WEB :
What now for student aid bill ?
FROM INSIDE HIGHER ED : The Education Exception Examples abounded Thursday as Democratic Congressional leaders and White House officials unveiled the higher education portion of a compromise version of budget legislation designed to overhaul both the health care and student loan systems .
By any measure , the bill would make huge investments in higher education and college students , pouring upwards of $ 42 billion into Pell Grants , historically black and other minority - serving institutions , community colleges , repayment options for student loan borrowers , and college access grants .
" We have a historic opportunity before us , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said during a conference call with reporters Thursday afternoon , as Democrats predicted that they now had the votes to pass the combined health care / student aid measure .
But while Duncan and Democratic Congressional leaders heralded the legislation as an unprecedented chance to redirect money that currently flows as subsidies to student loan providers into aid to make college more affordable for students , even they had difficulty masking their disappointment at the whittled - down version of the measure .
Delays in considering the legislation and budget realities had radically transformed what had once been seen as an opportunity to spend twice that amount — in excess of $ 80 billion — and use the money to propel changes in how colleges operate , through a series of accountability provisions and new programs .
In the end , to satisfy budget requirements and win over skeptical deficit hawks in their own party , Democratic leaders wound up directing a total of $ 19 billion ( of the $ 61 billion in revenues that the student loan shift would produce over 10 years ) to reduce the deficit and help pay for the health care portion of the legislation .
What 's been cut Stripped entirely from the final version of the legislation were billions of dollars to extend a cut in the student loan interest rate past 2012 , $ 8 billion for early childhood education , and an overhaul and expansion of the Perkins Loan Program that was designed to reward institutions for their success in graduating low - income students .
The measure also lowers the sights of the administration 's plan to create a new $ 3 billion College Access and Completion Fund to prod states and institutions to innovate ; instead , it would put $ 750 million toward the existing College Access Challenge Grant Program .
And even the administration 's top higher education priority — increasing the Pell Grant — took a serious hit .
While the version of the legislation that the House passed last fall would have increased the maximum Pell Grant to $ 6,900 by 2019 and tied future increases in the grants to inflation plus 1 percentage point , the compromise measure would set the maximum grant to $ 5,975 in 2019 and provide for no increase in four of the next 10 years .
( $ 36 billion does n't go as far as it used to . )
Because so many more students have applied and qualified for the grants as a result of of swelling enrollments and Americans ' worsening financial situations , the Pell Grant Program faces a $ 19 billion shortfall in 2009 - 10 and 2010 - 11 , and lawmakers felt pressed to set aside $ 13.5 billion of the money from the budget bill to pay down about two - thirds of that total .
Congressional appropriators will have to find the rest of that money in the coming months .
" We just had to make the choices we had to make in this bill , " Rep. George Miller , the California Democrat who heads the House Education and Labor Committee , said almost wistfully during the news conference with Duncan .
Despite some " what could have been " feelings , advocates for students and some college officials certainly found plenty to celebrate .
" At a time when tens of millions of college students must assume crushing debt loads to fund their education , this legislative proposal will bring relief to those who might otherwise forgo or drop out of college , " said Rich Williams , higher education associate at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group .
His group and the United States Student Association cheered not only the Pell increases , but the $ 1.5 billion that the legislation would direct to expand a program that gives student loan borrowers more options for repaying their loans — which President Obama touted in his 2011 budget proposal .
The provision would , beginning in 2014 , cap at 10 % of a borrower 's monthly income the amount that he or she would have to repay under the income - based Repayment Program , down from the current 15 % .
Another happy group of people ( rather unexpectedly so ) were community college officials , who as of early this week were grieving over the apparent abandonment of the American Graduation Initiative , the $ 10 billion - plus program aimed at helping them enroll and graduate 5 million more students by 2020 .
But due in part to pleas and exhortations from community college trustees and presidents , and what two - year - college lobbyists described as a never - say - die search by Obama administration officials for some way to support the institutions , Democratic lawmakers found some excess funds in a Senate Finance Committee account that allowed them to allocate $ 2 billion to finance a program created ( but not funded ) in last year 's economic stimulus legislation .
The program , the Community College and Career Training Grant Program , is designed to help institutions create educational or training programs of two years ' duration or less , with the goal of producing workers .
Toward that end , the legislation would provide $ 500 million a year from fiscal 2011 to 2014 through the Department of Labor 's Trade Adjustment Assistance program ( rather than the Education Department ) .
The grants would be awarded competitively , but each state would be assured of receiving at least 0.5 % of the funds .
While those crafting the compromise budget legislation aimed to help community colleges , they may have given an unintended windfall to for - profit colleges , as well :
The original stimulus measure creating the career training program structured it in such a way to include for - profit institutions in the definition of eligible recipients .
Other Compromises
The student loan legislation 's strongest critics — lenders and their Republican allies in Congress — blasted some of the tactics that Democratic sponsors of the bill used to draft a version of the measure that appeared to win over enough supporters to more or less ensure passage .
They are most unhappy , of course , about the basic thrust of the legislation , which would derive its $ 61 billion in savings by shifting all lending from the lender - based ( but government - subsidized ) Federal Family Education Loan Program to the government 's Direct Loan Program .
The lenders have been trying to months to turn lawmakers against the idea of ending their ability to make loans ( and the accompanying subsidies ) , arguing that doing so would kill thousands of jobs .
But on Thursday , they took another approach , directing their ire at the billions of dollars that would go to purposes other than helping students afford college , namely health care .
" Should students be paying for their neighbor 's medical costs ?
Separate consideration of student loan reform is imperative to ensure that legislation that minimizes job losses and reinvests savings in higher education can be considered , " America 's Student Loan Providers said , in a last - ditch effort to encourage votes against the sweeping health care and student loan overhauls .
They also balked at the most blatantly political move in the legislation , which was an exemption that would allow a state - run bank in North Dakota ( alone among the states ) to continue to offer loans directly to students .
Democratic Congressional aides defended the decision because they said the North Dakota bank is , as a taxpayer - owned agency , essentially a government lender like the federal government , so sustaining its ability to lend is consistent , they argued , with the legislation 's overall goal .
But critics characterized the arrangement as a sop to Sen.
Kent Conrad , the North Dakota Democrat who heads the Senate Budget Committee and whose backing of the student loan legislation has been essential for passage , and to other Democratic lawmakers .
They compared the deal to the much - criticized exemption that health care supporters granted to Sen .
Ben Nelson of Nebraska to win his key vote for that legislation , " This ' Bismarck Bank Job ' provision looks like exactly the sort of backroom deal that makes the American people hate Washington and the whole process that has led to this massive , awful government takeover of our health care , " Rep. John Boehner , the House minority leader , said in a news release that asked whether the provision had been inserted to assure the vote of Rep. Earl Pomeroy of North Dakota , the state 's lone House Democrat , on health care .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Even before Warner
Wolf took us to the videotape , highlights have served fans as currency of their passion .
Did you see that home run ?
That dunk ?
That overtime goal ?
That buzzer beater ?
Highlights and full games are significant elements of league and media Web sites , but what is available online is chosen largely by the outlets , not the fans .
With its tournament approaching , the N.C.A.A. has found a way to exploit a portion of its men ’s basketball tournament archive by ceding a significant amount of clip selection to fans .
Through a deal with the N.C.A.A. , Thought Equity Motion has digitally diced every tournament game this decade from the Round of 16 forward into all of its notable plays , and assigned a Web address to each of them .
It lets fans watch any of the games , or thin slices of them , and link to social networking sites like Facebook or Twitter or to their blogs .
The NCAA Vault , at NCAA.com / vault , is making its formal debut Wednesday after finishing its beta phase .
And Think Before You Click !
A note to some theists who write to us :
We insist on the right to insist on truthfulness in all discussions .
Positive Atheism is for atheists .
Here we learn of the joys and hardships of being truthful about our own religion .
We study our heritage as unbelievers , often finding that atheism is no big deal .
Still , there exists a class of meddlers who seem unwilling to resist any opportunity to “ tell those atheists a thing or two ! ”
Do you wish to hold us accountable for what we think , do , or say ?
Then you ’d best be certain that we actually thought it , did it , or said it before launching your salvos against us .
If you lie to us or about us , we will call you on it , because we insist on truthfulness .
So please , think about what you say first .
If nothing else , consider the fact that we like to post unreasonable and untruthful letters for comic relief .
This way , atheists who visit get a glimpse of what conversion to theism could be like for us .
If you think you have a truly original argument to present to us , we will do our best to give it a fair look .
Who knows ?
Everyone might learn something !
By the way , we ’ve heard the rot they feed you in those “ Refuting Atheists ” videos shown at seminars with names like “ Headlong Discipleship : Hook , Line , and Surrender , ” staged in venues such as The Tambourine Bangin ’ Fundamentalist Revival Temple .
Some of that stuff we ’ve seen time and time again , actually , hundreds , or even thousands of times .
“ Apologetics ” books and videos are spun with an eye toward keeping you from wandering astray from the fold ; your leaders know better than to think any of it would affect a thinking atheist .
The handful of us who do convert to theism do so as the result of an emotional fluctuation of some sort , not because of the cribbed arrogance sent to this forum and others like it .
So lay off the Lee Strobel books , the C S Lewis commentaries , the Philip Johnson videos , and those insipid little comic tracts .
This is not to disparage those authors ( except the last one ) : we just want you , as a writer to our forum , to speak for yourself .
Send your own original thoughts : do not parrot the ideas of others .
By submitting letters and other material , you agree to be held
to the stipulations in our g ame rules , got that ?
Most of my reports from Physics@FOM have focused on physicists ' physics — you know , the sort of thing people like me geek out on .
But , there was also the odd talk that was n't quite so fundamental in terms of physics .
One example was the " Physics for energy storage " session , where I attended the final talk , entitled " The physics of energy storage and the role of hydrogen , " given by Andreas Züttel
To be honest , I thought I was going to get something different from what was presented , but it was interesting nonetheless , mainly because of one idea : hydrogen 's potential role in carbon sequestration .
Starting with the natural energy cycle of the planet , Züttel showed where and how current human fuel usage fit into the big picture .
This was not illustrated to highlight environmental issues , but rather that we use something like 85 million barrels of oil per day , while nature makes eight barrels per day .
Looking at production statistics and reports on oil finds , Züttel is pretty convinced that we are already at peak oil and even believes that the financial crisis may have been triggered , in part , by oil prices .
He pointed out that every product has a price point , beyond which no matter what you do , you cannot make money by using that product anymore — it simply becomes impossible to add sufficient value .
He thinks oil reached that price just before the crisis , and , since oil underpins modern economies , they crashed .
An idea that , given the direction oil prices are going , will be tested again in a rather short time .
Züttel then moved on to energy use , and accurate predictions of future energy demand .
To illustrate this , he plotted energy use per capita against per capita income or GDP ( I cannot remember which ) and showed that nearly all societies fall on a single curve that saturates at about four kWhr per capita per day ( this graph went by so fast that I have guessed the .hr per capita part of the unit ) .
There were two outliers on the graph : Russia and the US , but even these show saturation , albeit at a higher rate .
Given this , it is pretty simple to show that we can't grow GDP indefinitely without drastically changing how we get energy .
As Züttel puts it , we have to move from energy carriers , like petroleum , to energy fluxes , like sunlight .
And that is n't easy .
In fact , what we have to learn to do is to efficiently store energy fluxes in energy carriers , which brings us back to hydrogen .
Züttel then spent some time going over storage techniques for hydrogen , and they are all pretty bad .
Liquid hydrogen is very difficult and dangerous , while gaseous hydrogen does n't have enough energy per kilogram of gas to be worthwhile .
Metal hydrides are better , and can achieve energy storage densities greater than liquid hydrogen .
But their volumetric storage density is poor , with the exception of aluminum hydrides , which are often unstable and sometimes explode — exactly what I want in the back of my car .
An alternative is to store hydrogen as ... wait for it ... hydrocarbons .
Simply put , electrolysis is a pretty efficient process , and hydrocarbons have great energy density and are quite safe .
The problem is not getting the hydrogen , but rather sticking it on carbon chains .
Plants do this , of course , but they are very inefficient at it .
However , this does n't have to be so .
One reason that photosynthesis is so inefficient is that supplying a hydrogen atom is a two - photon process — a process where two photons must be absorbed simultaneously by an atom or molecule to enter an excited state , which is then used to obtain the hydrogen .
If we could alter photosynthesis so that the hydrogen was supplied externally , then there is a good chance that the efficiency could be improved substantially .
A nice side result of storage in hydrocarbons is that it involves reclaiming atmospheric carbon dioxide , resulting in an energy cycle that is , overall , carbon neutral .
What 's more , carbon sequestration then becomes a case of making more fuel than you actually need and storing it in empty oil - bearing rock — something that we know from nature works very well .
In principle , you could offset other emissions , such as concrete production and metal refining , by the same simple process of making more oil than required .
Now do n't get me wrong , I like the idea .
But there is some significant new science required before these ideas come close to reality .
In the meantime , I suspect Züttel is correct : we will burn every last drop of fossil fuel .
A massive earthquake with a magnitude of 8.8 has struck central Chile , killing at least 85 people and triggering a tsunami .
The tremor shook the capital , Santiago , for a minute and a half early this morning , bringing down telephone and power lines .
The Chilean president , Michelle Bachelet , said there were more than 85 deaths just in the Maule region at the quake 's epicentre , and that more were possible .
Declaring a " state of catastrophe " in central Chile , Bachelet said : " We have had a huge earthquake with some aftershocks .
We 're doing everything we can with all the forces we have .
Any information we will share immediately .
Without a doubt , with an earthquake of this magnitude , there will be more deaths . "
Chile 's interior minister , Edmundo Perez Yoma , said : " It has been a devastating earthquake .
The death toll will continue rising . "
Santiago 's international airport was forced to close , a highway bridge collapsed and rubble from damaged buildings fell on to the streets .
Speaking to a local television station in Temuco , one witness said : " Never in my life have I experienced a quake like this , it 's like the end of the world . "
A huge wave reached a populated area in the Robinson Crusoe Islands , off the Chilean coast , and warnings of tidal waves were issued in 53 other countries .
The Pacific tsunami warning centre said the quake generated a wave that could cause destruction along nearby shores " and could also be a threat to more distant coasts " .
It issued a tsunami warning for Chile , Peru and Hawaii , while Ecuador , Colombia , Panama , Costa Rica and Antarctica are also on alert .
The centre warned that waves up to 4.8 metres high could hit the coasts of all the Hawaiian islands , with the first reaching Hawaii at 9 pm GMT .
" Urgent action should be taken to protect lives and property , " the centre said in a bulletin .
" All shores are at risk no matter which direction they face . "
The centre said the first waves after a quake were not necessarily the largest , and wave heights were difficult to predict because they can vary significantly along a coast due to the local topography .
Chile 's navy said officials had lifted the tsunami warning in southern Chile , local radio reported .
The Joint Australian tsunami warning centre warned of a " potential tsunami threat " to the states of New South Wales and Queensland , Lord Howe Island and Norfolk Island .
The quake was centred 200 miles south - west of Santiago at a depth of 22 miles , according to the US Geological Survey .
It reported 11 aftershocks , five of them measuring 6.0 or above , in the two and a half hours following the quake .
It warned that an earthquake of magnitude 8 or above could cause " tremendous damage " .
The quake that devastated Haiti's capital , Port - au - Prince , in January was magnitude 7.0 .
The quake shook buildings as far away as Argentina .
A series of strong aftershocks rocked Chile 's coast , from Valdivia in the south to Valparaiso 500 miles to the north .
The epicentre was 70 miles from Concepcion , Chile 's second largest city , with a population of about 670,000 .
Chile is at a high risk of earthquakes because it lies on the boundary between the Pacific and South American tectonic plates .
According to seismologists , there is usually about one quake of magnitude eight or more a year , and one reaching 8.8 would be expected only every few years .
Dr David Rothery , senior lecturer at the Open University 's department of earth and environmental sciences , said the tsunami was " now radiating away from the epicentre and travelling at several hundred km per hour across the Pacific ocean " .
Dr Brian Baptie , of the British Geological Survey , said : " In global terms this is a very rare quake .
Chile has experienced some very big quakes in the past .
It was about 124 miles north - east of the largest earthquake ever recorded – 9.5 , in 1960 – which resulted in a destructive tsunami that killed many thousands of people around the Pacific . "
He said a 1.3 - metre tsunami wave was observed at Valparaiso about 20 minutes after the earthquake .
" Tsunami waves in the deep ocean travel about the same speed as a jet plane and would take about 15 hours to reach Hawaii and about 20 hours to reach the other side of the Pacific , " he said .
The largest earthquake ever recorded struck the same area of Chile on 22 May 1960 .
The magnitude - 9.5 quake killed 1,655 people and left 2 million homeless , and caused a tsunami that killed people in Hawaii , Japan and the Philippines .
That tsunami was about one to four metres in height , according to Japan 's meteorological agency .
It said the tsunami from today 's quake was likely to be much smaller .
Eric Cantor wanks away about the 2000 page bill and complains that some people might have to change coverage , the usual government interference with big business stuff and whatnot .
Obama called him out on his " props " mentality while trying to discuss health care and the proper role of government oversight .
Democrats have done a horrible job on explaining government 's role in our lives can be a great thing instead of the republican line that government is the problem .
Obama :
We could set up a system where food was cheaper than it is right now if we just eliminated meat inspectors , and we eliminated any regulations on how food is distributed and how it 's stored .
I 'll bet in terms of drug prices we would definitely reduce prescription drug prices if we did n't have a drug administration that makes sure that we test the drugs so that they do n't kill us , but we do n't do that .
We make some decisions to protect consumers in every aspect of our lives .
Under Republicans , all safety measures and regulations of any kind only stifle the free market capitalism that they cherish .
The people harmed along the way are just collateral damage .
Earlier this week we had the chance to visit Firaxis to get a look at the newest version of Civilization Firaxis on Civilization IV and its expansions have helped him keep his innovations consistent with the overall franchise .
The most obvious change is the move to a hex - based map .
While it was initially a bit jarring to jettison the age - old square tiles , the new format makes for maps that look much more natural .
Rather than having lots of awkward right angles and confusion about whether water tiles joined only at the corner are passable , the new hexes make movement much clearer and remove the chance for diagonal movement exploits .
The move to hexes was prompted by Jon 's love of the old SSI classic , Panzer General .
Like that game , the new Civilization will only allow one military unit per hex , which eliminates the stacks of doom that have been such a franchise fixture .
And since that means only one unit can garrison a city , combat has moved away from city sieges and instead focuses on movement and position outside of the cities .
Naturally , it 's not all about making war , so diplomacy has been overhauled as well .
Diplomacy has a wider focus but has also been streamlined a bit .
In terms of focus , the team wanted to create a game where the player 's main interactions were n't always driven purely by competition .
The inclusion of unaligned city states that can be used as leverage against larger powers helps move diplomacy in a new direction .
By removing the religion and espionage systems , Firaxis hopes to focus diplomacy more on specific strategic situations and less on the exploitation of more arbitrary game elements .
Jon Shafer is the new face of Civilization .
The game has obviously also been influenced by Civilization Revolution for the consoles , particularly in terms of the overall interface .
While the new game still maintains a level of complexity that 's appropriate for the series and the PC platform , the interface elements have been folded back to reveal more of the playing area .
Likewise , the game will help players focus on the information they need to see .
Small icons will appear along the edge of the screen to give players notifications of important events or opportunities , and you can instantly snap to any of the relevant locations to get your own appraisal of the situation .
It 's all an attempt to make the game more accessible without compromising on the depth or details .
It 's also a great way to communicate information to the players without drawing them out of the game world or completely stalling the game 's progress .
Additionally , if you have n't set a research priority or a production order for one of your cities , the end turn button will instead take you to those screens .
Of course , not all of Civilization 's PC fans had a positive view of the broad style or humor of Revolution , so they 'll be happy to know that the designers are moving away from the silliness of the console game to create a more somber PC sequel .
The game will still have the trademark Civilization personality , but it wo n't be as exaggerated as in previous installments .
The advisors are making a comeback , for instance , but wo n't be pushing each other aside or shouting over each other .
It 's not surprising given Jon 's background that the new version of Civilization will be even more moddable than Civ IV .
All the tools have been taken to a whole new level , so the more you know about XML and programmable DLL , the more you 'll be able to achieve with the game .
More importantly , the game itself will contain a browser for full community interaction , so you can search for , discuss , install and rate mods all from within the game shell .
Firaxis will maintain a small bit of control over this and will rely on player flags to evaluate objectionable content .
Be sure to check back with IGN next week as we reveal exclusive new details on the game design and overall content of the new game .
CHICAGO — All airline passengers in the U.S. will eventually be required to undergo a full - body scan before boarding planes , just as metal detectors became a standard and accepted part of the screening process at airports decades ago , the federal transportation security chief in Chicago said Monday .
As a body - scanning machine was used to screen passengers for the first time on Monday at O’Hare International Airport , federal and city officials said they expect the airport will receive more body - imaging technology later this year to help address one of the biggest terrorism threats to commercial aviation , suicide bombers on planes .
The Transportation Security Administration plans to send hundreds of the scanners , which cost between $ 130,000 and $ 170,000 each , to all major U.S. airports .
The scanners use low - dose X - ray to go underneath clothing and display weapons , explosives and other objects that might be hidden on the body , above the skin .
So far , 21 airports are equipped with the units and nine more are slated to receive the scanners soon , officials said .
The security agency plans to deploy 450 body scanners to an undetermined number of airports this year .
Kathleen Petrowsky , the TSA director at O’Hare , said she anticipates the body scans — now optional for passengers — will become mandatory in the future to guard against improvised explosive devices being smuggled onto airliners .
Currently , passengers have the option to submit to a physical pat - down and wanding by a TSA officer using a metal detector .
At 19 airports that received the scanners more than a year ago , the devices are now used as a primary means of screening , whereas before they were utilized only to clear up discrepancies when a passenger set off a metal detector or failed a pat - down .
“ We expect at some point all passengers will receive a body scan , ” Petrowsky said .
Chicago Aviation Commissioner Rosemarie Andolino said she thinks future versions of the 2,200 - pound body - scanning machine will be smaller .
As the screening technology is refined , passengers will pass through the body - screening process as they walk through the checkpoint , Andolino said , similar to the way that vehicles equipped with toll - collection transponders travel at highway speed through open - road tolling locations .
Spring is officially here , which means the birds are a - singin ' , the bees are a - buzzin ' , and everywhere you look , there are signs of new life .
What better time to buy a crap - ton of delicious , squishy Peeps and murder them one by one ?
See , we at Serious Eats await each Easter with bated breath , eagerly anticipating our moment of glory : the systematic torture of the pastel army of Peeps that flood our supermarkets and pharmacies come March .
We 've baked them into bread , skewered them on Ring Pops , melted them onto pizza , and deep - fried the little suckers .
But there 's one activity we like most of all , and it just so happens to also be the cutest , kid-friendliest form of Peep massacre we 've ever practiced .
Say hello to Peepshi : inspired by the solemn Japanese art of sushi-making , but fueled by some Lisa Frank levels of Technicolor craftsmanship .
Plus , you know , decapitation .
It 's been a few years since we first introduced our readers to Peepshi , and , with some fresh new tricks up our sleeves , we decided it was high time for an update .
So without further ado , here 's a step - by - step look at the carefully honed techniques behind MakiPeepshi , Peepshi à la Carte , and beyond .
All you 'll need to shop for are Rice Krispies Treats , Fruit by the Foot , and as many Peeps as your heart desires .
For our bonus " tobiko " roll , throw a little box of Nerds in your shopping cart , too .
Peepshi à la Carte
If Peeps nigiri looks simple , that 's because it is :
You basically can't mess these guys up .
This understated morsel requires nothing more than the Peeps of your choosing , a Rice Krispies Treat , a pair of scissors , and a knife .
We 'll begin by cutting the Rice Krispies Treat in half and taking each piece down to about 75 % of its original thickness .
Use a rolling pin if you 're feeling dainty , or just smoosh down with the flat of your palm .
It 'll be sticky , but boy , does it feel good to show that treat who 's boss .
With your fingertips , press all four corners to round the edges of the treat for a classic nigiri look .
Now comes the fun part .
DECAPITATE THAT PEEP .
No hesitating — just grab your scissors and hack it up !
Save the heads to use in our MakiPeepshi , or hoard them like a serial killer until they become delectably stale .
Turn your headless , flightless Peep over and get ready to inflict one more wound , by snipping a third of the way up its tail with your scissors .
Gently lay the corpse of your dismembered Peep onto its Rice Krispies pyre and strike a match .
Just kidding , do n't play with fire .
But you can go ahead and eat it now .
Now that you 're getting the hang of things , we can introduce a new ingredient : a nice , long , sticky roll of Fruit by the Foot .
While the Peeps remain sadly intact with this technique , they will be mercilessly bound to their beds of Rice Krispies , helpless to escape .
Start off just like before : cutting , flattening , and rounding your Rice Krispies Treat into shape .
Unfurl a length of Fruit by the Foot and cut off a piece about twice the length of a Peep .
Next , use a knife to slice your Fruit by the Foot in half along its entire length , forming two skinny " seaweed " strips .
Simply place your fully intact Peep on the Rice Krispies Treat and then wrap the " seaweed " around the entire package , just over the chick 's midsection .
If your Fruit by the Foot does n't want to stick to itself , a dab of water will activate its adhesive properties .
MakiPeepshi
With some simple Peepshi à la Carte under our belts , it 's time to join the big leagues .
The key to MakiPeepshi is confidence , a little bit of patience , and a determined commitment to channeling your inner Hannibal Lecter .
Begin by carefully ordering your mise en place .
You 'll want a set of five peeps ( or any heads left over from nigiri ) , a roll of Fruit by the Foot , and a Rice Krispies Treat , plus a rolling pin , scissors , and a chef 's knife .
With your knife , slice a Rice Krispies Treat into five relatively even strips .
Then , using light pressure , gently elongate each slice with the rolling pin .
You 're looking to create a thin , pliable rectangle of " rice , " but if it gets too thin , it 'll fall apart in your hands — aim for a thickness of about a quarter of an inch .
Portion out a length of Fruit by the Foot roughly one inch longer than the Rice Krispies Treat slice .
Gently lift said slice and shape it into a hollow tube , pressing the edges together .
If it breaks , do n't despair !
This is the beauty of working with a whole slew of sticky ingredients — just mush and mold it back together again .
Now for the fun part !
Dispatch all five peeps , removing their heads from the base of their chubby little necks .
You 'll want to leave yourself with enough neck to pinch and squeeze into an ice cream cone shape , which you 'll then shove into your Rice Krispies Treat cylinder .
For the finishing touch , wrap your Fruit by the Foot strip around the cylinder , using a bit of water ( or a furtive lick of the tongue ) to help it stick .
Repeat the process four more times and you 're looking at your very own five - piece Peepshi roll !
Rainbow Inside - Out Roll
But what , you 're asking , should I do with all these leftover , headless corpses ?
Worry not , dear reader , there 's more mutilation to come !
Take , for instance , the colorful inside - out roll featured above .
Our Rainbow Roll may take a little more guesswork than MakiPeepshi , but trust the intuition you 've honed in your intensive study of this fine art .
Start by trimming your Fruit by the Foot to be slightly shorter than your smushed Rice Krispies Treat strip .
Dismember any remaining Peeps into quarter - inch pieces and nestle them into the center of the roll .
If necessary , adjust the number of pieces based on how thin and long your Rice Krispies Treat is — you want to fill the roll just enough that everything fits snugly , without causing any breakage .
Squeeze the ends of the roll together until they firmly adhere to one another ; press it into a nice , round cylinder ; and admire the carnage .
Nerds Tobiko Roll
For our final creation , we 'll begin with a classic preparation of MakiPeepshi , with a flattened Rice Krispies Treat strip wrapped around a single piece of Peep , cut to size .
You may need to try out a few different cuts to find the right one — I 'm partial to the tail end , myself .
The key here is to make sure the Peep slice does n't reach the top of the roll .
If it does , compress it with your fingertip to make room for our finishing flourish : a generous spoonful of Nerds " roe " to add a bright , sour nuance to the bite - size roll .
Good enough to eat ?
Perhaps ; you 'll have to let me know .
But is it good enough to look at ?
Abso - freakin ' - lutely .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Innocent until Proven Guilty
American courts treat accused criminals as innocent until proven guilty ; this ensures that they are accorded all the rights they are due .
There is nothing in the Constitution about a right to be treated innocent until proven guilty , though .
The concept comes from English common law , and several parts of the Constitution , such as the right to remain silent and the right to a jury trial , only make sense in light of a presumption of innocence ; without this presumption , what ’s the point ?
The Right to a Fair Trial
There is nothing in the Constitution about a “ right to a fair trial . ”
The Constitution lists several trial - related rights , such as the right to a jury trial and that a trial should be held where the crime occurred ; yet if the state could give you a trial that is unfair without violating those explicit rights , then the letter of the Constitution would not be violated .
Once again , though , the rights which are listed make no sense unless trials are supposed to be fair in the first place .
The Right to a Jury of Your Peers
Many people imagine that they have a right to tried in front of a jury of their peers , but there is nothing in the Constitution about that .
As with “ innocent until proven guilty , ” this concept comes from English common law .
The Constitution only guarantees a trial before an impartial jury in criminal cases , not that the jury you ’re tried before has anything to do with you .
It would be too difficult even to define who your peers are , much less get a jury of peers for every individual defendant .
The Right to Vote
How can a country be democratic if there is no right to vote ?
The Constitution lists no such explicit right , as it does with speech or assembly .
It only lists reasons why you ca n’t be denied the ability to vote — for example , because of race and sex .
It also lists some basic requirements , such as being 18 or older .
Voting qualifications are set by the states , which can come up with all sorts of ways to deny people the ability to vote without violating anything stated in the Constitution .
The Right to Travel
Many think that they have a basic right to travel where they want when they want — but there is nothing in the Constitution about a right to travel .
This was no oversight because the Articles of Confederation did list such a right .
Several Supreme Court cases have ruled that this basic right exists and that the state ca n’t interfere with travel .
Perhaps the authors of the Constitution thought that the right to travel was so obvious that it did n’t need to be mentioned .
Then again , perhaps not .
Judicial Review
The idea that the courts have the authority to review the constitutionality of laws passed by legislatures is firmly entrenched in American law and politics .
However , the Constitution does not mention “ Judicial Review ” and does not explicitly establish the concept .
The idea that the judicial branch could be any check on the power of the other two branches is baseless without this power , though , which is why Marbury v. Madison ( 1803 ) established it .
Or were these just activist judges ?
The Right to Marriage
Heterosexuals seem to take it for granted that they have a right to marry whom they want ; there is no such right in the Constitution , however .
The Constitution says nothing at all about marriage and the regulation of marriage is left to the states .
In theory , a state could ban all marriages , or all interfaith marriages , without violating anything explicitly stated in the Constitution .
Equal protection of the laws must be maintained ; otherwise , marriage can be restricted in lots of ways .
The Right to Procreate
People may also assume that as with marriage , they have a right to have children .
Also as with marriage , there is nothing in the Constitution about procreation .
If a state banned procreation , required licenses for procreation , or selectively banned procreation for people with mental disabilities , physical disabilities , or other problems , nothing in the Constitution would automatically be violated .
You have no explicit Constitutional right to procreate .
The Right to Privacy
Whenever people complain about courts creating new rights that are n’t in the Constitution , they are usually talking about the right to privacy .
Although the Constitution does n’t mention any right to privacy , several passages imply such a right and many court decisions have found a right to privacy in different aspects of human life , such as contraception the education of children .
Critics complain that courts have invented this right for political purposes .
Reading and Interpreting the Constitution
Debates about whether some particular right is “ in ” the Constitution or not are debates about how to read and interpret the Constitution .
Those who claim that the Constitution does n’t say “ right to privacy ” or “ separation of church and state ” are relying upon the assumption that unless a particular phrase or specific words actually appears in the document , then the right does n’t exist — either because the interpreters are drawing invalid implications or because it ’s illegitimate to go beyond the exact text at all .
Given how rare it is for the same people to argue that the implications being drawn are not valid , the latter of the two options is almost always the case .
These same people who reject interpreting the text beyond its literal , specific language are also often the ones who resist interpreting the Bible beyond its literal language .
They are literalists when it comes to their religious scriptures , so it ’s not a surprise that they are literalists when it comes to legal documents .
The validity of this approach to the Bible is debatable ; it ’s not , however , an appropriate approach to dealing with the Constitution .
Interpretation of laws should be limited to the plain text , but the Constitution is n’t a law or a set of laws .
Instead , it ’s a framework for the structure and the authority of the government .
The main body of the Constitution explains how the government is set up ; the rest explains the limitations on what the government is permitted to do .
It ca n’t be read without being interpreted .
The people who sincerely believe that constitutional rights are limited solely to those spelled out in the text of the Constitution must be able to defend not just the absence of a right to privacy , but also the absence of constitutional rights to travel , a fair trial , marriage , procreation , voting , and more — not every right which people take for granted has been discussed here .
I do n’t think it can be done .
BALTIMORE —
People around the country are chipping in to help the father of a Marine killed in Iraq
.
Albert Snyder of York , Pa. , is suing the Westboro Baptist Church , whose members picketed the funeral of Snyder 's son , Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder .
The Topeka , Kan. - based church contends that U.S. military deaths are God 's punishment for tolerance of homosexuality .
The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear arguments on the case .
Meanwhile , an appeals court has ordered Snyder to pay $ 16,510 in appeal costs to Westboro founder Fred Phelps .
Snyder tells
The Baltimore Sun he 's received about 3,000 e-mails from people who planned to contribute to the payment .
The American Legion is also asking people to donate .
" I was appalled , " said Sally Giannini , a 72 - year - old retired bookkeeper from Spokane , Wash . , who had called The Baltimore Sun after seeing an article about the court decision against Albert Snyder .
" I believe in free speech , but this goes too far . "
Snyder sued Westboro because its members waved signs saying " God hates fags " and " God hates the USA " at the 2006 funeral in Westminster of his son , Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder , who had been killed in Iraq .
A federal jury in Baltimore awarded Snyder $ 11 million in damages in 2007 , saying Phelps ' group intentionally inflicted emotional distress on the family .
The award was later reduced to $ 5 million , and eventually overturned on appeal .
As news of the order to pay some of the court costs spread through the news media and online , strangers were moved to send money and set up funds to support Snyder 's court battle .
Tuesday night , commentator Bill O'Reilly of Fox News Channel offered to pay the court costs owed by Snyder , according to WBAL Radio .
Mark C. Seavey , new - media director for the American Legion , also posted a message Tuesday on his Legion - affiliated blog , The Burn Pit , urging readers to donate to the Albert Snyder Fund .
The American Legion 's message was picked up by conservative political blogger Michelle Malkin , who called the Westboro protesters " evil miscreants " and urged readers to donate .
In a phone interview Tuesday , Snyder said he was " exhausted " by the long legal ordeal but heartened by the outpouring of support .
He said he has received about 3,000 e-mail messages from people across the country who planned to contribute .
" It kind of restores your faith in mankind after dealing with this wacko church , " Snyder said .
" Win or lose , I 'll know that I did everything I could for Matt , and for all the soldiers and Marines who are still coming home dying . "
Could this Chinese Year of the Tiger be the last one with actual tigers still afoot in the world ’s wild ?
The numbers are not encouraging .
Experts believe the global wild tiger population has fallen to below 3,000 — less than 3 percent of what it was just 100 years ago .
Today , their range has been reduced to small patches , isolating many of the animals in genetically impoverished groups of dozens of cats or fewer .
In India , some famous tiger reserves have no tigers left at all .
The new Year of the Tiger , which began last month , will be a year of talking about the tiger , and urgently so .
Thailand hosted a meeting of concerned Asian nations last month .
This week a major conference — the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora — begins in Qatar , where tigers will be a marquee topic .
A “ summit ” planned for Vladivostok , in September , will be hosted by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin of Russia and the president of the World Bank .
He ’s between meals … literally .
Thanks to Wayne for the photo !
TOWERS REDUX
Convinced that the World Trade Center towers were “ artificially exploded outwards , ” a 1,000 - member group of architects and engineers have unanswered questions about the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and have taken their concerns to Congress .
The group wants a new investigation about the destruction of the Twin Towers and Building 7 , saying it could have implications in the forthcoming trial of “ 9/11 terrorist ” Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
The group has also faulted federal reports of the events in the aftermath .
Those weary of such argument continue to shake their heads .
Inside the Beltway has heard much on the topic .
Please , everyone remember we ’re relaying information - not calling for an investigation ourselves , or taking sides .
Meanwhile , the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) is not backing down from its analyses issued in 2005 and 2008 .
“ NIST stands behind the findings of its two completed technical investigations into the collapses of three World Trade Center buildings - WTC 1 and 2 ( the Towers ) and WTC 7 , ” spokesman Michael Newman tells Inside the Beltway .
“ During and after our two investigations , NIST periodically looked back at the findings from the studies to determine how we could address the claims made by those who believe alternative theories for the collapses of the three WTC buildings , ” Mr. Newman continues .
The agency created three fact sheets to respond to the most frequent inquiries from the public , which can be seen at https://wtc.nist.gov or www.nist.gov.
“ The two investigations were designed to scientifically and technically determine the most probable causes for the collapses of the three WTC buildings on 9/11 , and then use the findings to make solid recommendations for improvements in building safety , both for occupants and first responders during emergencies , ” Mr. Newman says , adding that 23 “ major and far - reaching building and fire code changes ” were adopted in the aftermath .
See the Federal Emergency Management Agency report on 9/11 here : www.fema.gov/ rebuild/mat/wtcstudy.shtm .
And as we said before , stay tuned .
MICROBE MANAGING
Some wonder , meanwhile , about President Obama ’s promise to address the threat of bioterrorism , made during his State of the Union address and in the wake of a bipartisan Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction , Proliferation and Terrorism that gave the nation an “ F ” for its bioterrorism readiness .
But the dithering bureaucracy may be in the way .
Onetime adviser to George W. Bush and Weekly Standard contributor Tevi Troy suggests that the federal government is indecisive over the best way to distribute its stockpile of countermeasures to anthrax and smallpox to the population .
Maybe the post office could deliver these potential life - savers , or they could be distributed from designated centers .
How about handy “ home medkits ” ?
The Food and Drug Administration has yet to even approve the labeling of the kits .
“ As the Obama administration looks at options for improving its recent failing grade on rapid response to biological attacks , they should make sure to consider home medkits as part of their countermeasure distribution tool kit , ” Mr. Troy tells the Beltway .
“ Medkits let individuals prepare themselves and their families for possible biological incidents - be they naturally occurring or man-made - and they reduce the burden on federal officials who have to distribute desperately needed medications to thousands if not millions of people in a very short time frame , ” he continues .
“ Unfortunately , some public health experts and federal officials do n’t like medkits because they fear that people ca n’t be trusted to use the materials only when necessary .
This short - sighted mentality will make it much harder to get crucial countermeasures distributed appropriately when needed . ”
BUMPER PATROL
“ My car has better insurance than I do . ”
Bumper sticker spotted in Silver Spring , Md .
WATCHING HEALTH CARE
The secret life of heath care reform and the testy mechanics of bipartisan cooperation will be exposed for all to see , beginning at 10 a.m. Thursday on C - SPAN , CNN , MSNBC , Fox News and other broadcast outlets as President Obama dukes it out , er , hosts a health care summit for Republicans .
Something to watch for : A group of 25 heavyweights - including Edwin Meese III , David Rifkin , Gary Bauer and Alfred Regnery - remind Republicans to ask the right questions about the constitutionality and legality of the legislation , via a letter to Sens.
Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Jon Kyl of Arizona , plus Reps. John A. Boehner of Ohio and Eric Cantor of Virginia .
“ Our concerns about the constitutionality of the bills center on the individual health insurance mandate .
Attorneys among us have analyzed the issue and concluded that requiring Americans to buy health insurance does not fall within the powers granted to Congress by the Constitution , ” the group says .
“ Moreover , our analysis indicates that if the House or Senate bill were to be enacted and upheld by the courts , the result would be a trial lawyer - driven explosion of health care and insurance litigation .
In other words , not only do these bills fail to constrain trial lawyers ’ drain on the health care system , they actually make the problem substantially worse . ”
See the letter here : https://web.committeeforjustice .org
AS THE SNOW FALLS
“ We need to get the inspector generals involved . …
Then we send that to the Justice Department . ”
Sen. James M. Inhofe , Oklahoma Republican , announcing his call for three federal agencies to investigate “ ridiculous ” global warming claims by Al Gore and others , to Fox News .
POLL DU JOUR
• 51 percent of U.S. , voters “ fear ” the federal government more than private insurance companies when it comes to health care decisions .
• 39 percent fear the insurers the most .
• 77 percent of Republicans and 52 percent of unaffiliated voters fear the government most .
• 64 percent of Democrats fear the insurance companies most .
• 56 percent of voters overall oppose the proposed heath care plan , 41 percent favor it .
Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted Feb. 21 and 22 .
• Squawks , talks , windshield scrapers to jharper@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Online Railbird Report : Townsend and South Clean Out Isildur1 , Dwan Drops Down
December 15 , 2009 Nicole Gordon
With game catalyst “ Isildur1 ” still licking his wounds from his $ 4.2 million loss to Brian Hastings , and many high - stakes pros who are based in Las Vegas focusing on the live action surrounding the Bellagio Five - Diamond Classic , the nosebleed action on Full Tilt Poker was almost nonexistent this week .
Gone were the $ 500,000 pots and million - dollar swings that railbirds have come to expect as Tom “ durrrr ” Dwan and Isildur1 set about rebuilding their damaged bankrolls at far lower stakes than we ’re accustomed to watching them play .
Dwan stuck to pot-limit Omaha games with a $ 10,000 or $ 20,000 buy - in while Isildur1 attempted to grind back some of his losses via heads - up matches with CardRunners pros Brian Townsend and Cole South .
Townsend Takes $ 352,000 off Isildur1
Down to his last few hundred thousand in his Full Tilt account , Isildur1 took on Townsend in a four - table $ 300 / $ 600 pot-limit Omaha match on Saturday night .
With his entire account balance in play at one point , Isildur1 started off the match strong , but Townsend roared back in the second half of the session .
Although Townsend was ahead by as much as $ 300,000 over the Swede , Isildur1 staved off ruin and quit the session an $ 80,000 winner .
The largest pot of the session weighed in at $ 223,000 , Townsend leading off the action with a raise to $ 1,800 from the button holding .
Isildur1 three - bet to $ 5,400 with the far more modest holding of , and Townsend responded with a reraise , making it $ 16,200 to go .
Isildur1 hit trips when the flop came down and check - raised Townsend ’s $ 13,200 continuation bet to $ 37,600 .
Townsend called and the hit the turn , giving Townsend the nut flush draw and Isildur1 a jack - high flush draw to go with his trip sevens .
Then , with over $ 107,000 already in the middle and $ 57,798 behind , Isildur1 moved all - in and Townsend made the call .
One can only imagine how many expletives Isildur1 muttered as the hit the river , giving Townsend the winning full house and $ 223,197 pot .
The two reunited on Sunday for another thousand - plus hands of $ 300 / $ 600 PLO .
This time , it was all about Townsend , and the man formerly known as “ sbrugby ” booked a $ 432,000 win .
He pulled in the session ’s largest pot at $ 197,000 when he flopped a set of queens against Isildur1 ’s turned two pair , then claimed the second - largest as well when his held against Isildur1 ’s , earning him the $ 186,000 pot .
South Claims the Last of Isildur1 ’s Full Tilt Bankroll .
With approximately $ 70,000 remaining in his account , Isildur1 challenged South to a four - table match at $ 100 / $ 200 PLO .
Isildur1 quickly lost all but $ 23,000 , then took that sum to a single $ 200 / $ 400 table where he ran it back up to $ 53,000 .
That $ 53 k went back on three separate $ 100 / $ 200 tables , where the two went heads - up until South claimed the last of Isildur1 ’s account balance .
Before you could say “ busto , ” though , Isildur1 reappeared , having redeposited some additional funds .
He sat at six $ 100 / $ 200 PLO tables with $ 20,000 in each stack and South joined him for round two .
Unfortunately for everyone ’s favorite hyper - aggro Swede , he could not gain any traction on South and saw the rest of his balance evaporate , South banking a grand total of $ 216,000 for the evening .
The session ’s largest pot came in at $ 126,000 and was five - bet before the flop .
Isildur1 made it $ 600 to go , South reraised to $ 1,800 , Isildur1 came over the top for $ 5,400 and South repotted to $ 16,200 before Isildur1 made the call .
South led out for $ 14,600 on the flop , Isildur1 moved all - in for his remaining $ 46,996 , and South called , his leading over Isildur1 ’s middle pair and wrap draw with .
The on the river made South top set and he raked in $ 126,391 , felting Isildur1 .
South and Isildur1 were at it again Tuesday morning , Isildur1 putting his last $ 31,000 in play at $ 50 / $ 100 PLO .
After losing a buy - in to South , Isildur1 upped the stakes to $ 100 / $ 200 but did n’t fare any better there .
He put all that remained of his Full Tilt roll in play at a single $ 200 / $ 400 table , and South scooped up Isildur1 ’s last few dollars when he turned a jack - high straight against Isildur1 ’s ten - high straight .
All told , it took South only 15 minutes to claim Isildur1 ’s case $ 31,000 .
Dwan Drops Down .
Way Down .
While Townsend and South were busy claiming what was left of Isildur1 's bankroll , Tom " durrrr " Dwan sought about rebuilding his own by dropping down in stakes .
Playing as low as $ 25/$ 50 and as high as $ 100 / $ 200 , Dwan stuck to six - max and heads - up PLO this weekend , taking on a range of opponents who included " harrington25 , " Brian Hastings , " URnotINdanger2 , " " geoff7878 , " " tibster24 , " and Hac " trex313 " Dang .
Over the last 24 hours , he booked over $ 189,000 in winnings , but still has a long road ahead of him when it comes to erasing his $ 6 million in losses for 2009 .
Who ’s Up ? Who ’s Down ?
This week ’s biggest winners ( 12/8-12/14 ) : Brian Hastings ( +$ 4.3 million ) , Patrik Antonius ( +$ 1.02 million ) , Cole South ( +$ 429,000 )
In the red : Isildur1 ( - $ 3.53 million ) , Matt Hawrilenko ( - $ 655,000 ) , Ilari “ Ziigmund ” Sahamies ( - $ 653,000 )
The highest - stakes games on the internet all unfold on Full Tilt Poker .
Open an account today and see for yourself .
Last week , the conservative broadcaster Glenn Beck called on Christians to leave their churches if they heard any preaching about social or economic justice because , he claimed , those were slogans affiliated with Nazism and Communism .
This week , the Rev. Jim Wallis , a liberal evangelical leader in Washington , D.C. , called on Christians to leave Glenn Beck .
“ What he has said attacks the very heart of our Christian faith , and Christians should no longer watch his show , ” Mr. Wallis , who heads the antipoverty group Sojourners , wrote on his “ God ’s Politics ” blog .
“ His show should now be in the same category as Howard Stern . ”
Mr. Beck , in vilifying churches that promote “ social justice , ” managed to insult just about every mainline Protestant , Roman Catholic , African - American , Hispanic and Asian congregation in the country — not to mention plenty of evangelical ones .
Even Mormon scholars in Mr. Beck ’s own church , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , said in interviews that Mr. Beck seemed ignorant of just how central social justice teaching was to Mormonism .
The controversy began when Mr. Beck said on his radio show : “ I beg you , look for the words ‘ social justice ’ or ‘ economic justice ’ on your church Web site .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice , they are code words .
“ Am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes !
If I am going to Jeremiah Wright ’s church , ” he said , referring to the incendiary black pastor who led the church attended by the Obama family members when they lived in Chicago .
“ If you have a priest that is pushing social justice , go find another parish .
Go alert your bishop and tell them , ‘ Excuse me , are you down with this whole social justice thing ? ’ ”
Religious bloggers , from the Rev. James Martin , an editor at the liberal Jesuit magazine America , to Joe Carter , at the conservative magazine First Things , took Mr. Beck ’s decree as possibly an attack on Catholic teaching , and definitely an affront to Christianity .
Father Martin wrote on the Huffington Post : “ It is not enough simply to help the poor , one must address the structures that keep them that way .
Standing up for the rights of the poor is not being a Nazi , it ’s being Christian .
And Communist , as Mr. Beck suggests ?
It ’s hard not to think of the retort of the great apostle of social justice , Dom Helder Camara , archbishop of Recife , ‘ When I give food to the poor , they call me a saint .
When I ask why the poor have no food , they call me a communist . ’ ”
Mr. Beck himself is a convert to Mormonism , a faith that identifies itself as part of the Christian family , but which is nevertheless rejected by many Christians .
Two Mormon scholars said in interviews that social justice is integral to Mormon teaching too .
Kent P. Jackson , associate dean of religion at Brigham Young University , said in an interview : “ My own experience as a believing Latter - day Saint over the course of 60 years is that I have seen social justice in practice in every L.D.S. congregation I ’ve been in .
People endeavor with all of our frailties and shortcomings to love one another and to lift up other people .
So if that ’s Beck ’s definition of social justice , he and I are definitely not on the same team . ”
Philip Barlow , the Arrington Professor of Mormon History and Culture at Utah State University , said : “ One way to read the Book of Mormon is that it ’s a vast tract on social justice .
It ’s ubiquitous in the Book of Mormon to have the prophetic figures , much like in the Hebrew Bible , calling out those who are insensitive to injustices .
“ A lot of Latter - day Saints would think that Beck was asking them to leave their own church . ”
Mr. Barlow said that Mr. Beck ’s comments were particularly ill - timed because just this year , the church ’s highest authority , the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles , issued a new “ Handbook of Instructions ” to church leaders in which they revised the church ’s “ three - fold mission ” and added a fourth mission statement : care for the poor .
Even as the EU and the IMF lay the groundwork for a giant first - round bailout , debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default .
The problem is not only the numbers , but also credibility : thanks to decades of low investment in statistical capacity , no one trusts the Greek government ’s figures , and Greece ’s default history hardly inspires confidence .
Sovereign Debt Default : No Time Like the Present
While the markets are hot , the economy is cool .
Nearly 7,000 people go bankrupt every day – a record number .
And in March , M3 , the broadest measure of the money supply , recorded its biggest drop ever .
And get this .
Peak to trough , December ’07 to February ’ 10 , 8.3 million jobs were lost .
As we reported yesterday , take away the statistical tricks and the number of people with real jobs actually fell last month – despite reports of an additional 163,000 new jobs in March .
Consumer credit fell again in February – down $ 11 billion .
To put this number in perspective , the US government has run about $ 2.5 trillion in deficits since the correction began .
So , in spite of pumping monthly deficits on the order of $ 120 billion … consumer credit still sank by $ 11 billion .
What can we say ?
It ’s a Great Correction , after all .
Greece is going broke after all .
Yields on Greek debt rose over 7 % yesterday .
So let ’s look at how this works .
Investors worry about a default .
They push up yields ( they need higher interest payments to justify the risk ) .
This causes Greece to go further into debt ( the cost of paying the extra interest ) , which causes even more worry among lenders .
Why does n’t Greece just cut expenses ?
Ah…glad you asked .
This just goes to show what a dead - end debt can be .
The government has already proposed substantial cuts .
But it has to answer to the voters – who are on the verge of rioting in the street .
And its own cabinet ministers are calling the Germans ‘ racist ’ because they refuse to give the Greeks money .
It ’s hard for a popular democracy to cut spending .
And then when it does , it discovers that it is in another trap .
So much of the private sector depends on government spending that , take it away , and the whole economy shrinks .
This causes tax revenues to fall by more than the budget cuts .
In other words , a multiplier works in the other direction – causing the budget deficit to widen when cuts are made !
And guess what ?
Greece is not the only government that is falling into this hole .
Latvia .
Iceland .
Maybe Ireland , England , California …and even the US …
Where , exactly , the point of no return lies , we do n’t know .
But it ’s out there somewhere …
What ’s the solution ?
Well , just to bite the bullet .
Make the cuts .
Default .
Be happy .
Regards ,
Bill Bonner
for The Daily Reckoning
It is an earthbound and frankly emotional novel , especially in a literary scene long dominated by the cerebral trickery of postmodernism .
Ms. Chizhova is hoping that Russian artists are ready — finally — to address the good and evil of the Soviet past .
Under Brezhnev , people averted their eyes from that past out of fear ; under Vladimir V. Putin , she said , it was replaced by apathy .
“ For the vast majority of people , it simply is not interesting , ” said Ms. Chizhova , 52 , who smokes and talks with the energy of a coiled spring .
“ They do not have the feeling that history continues .
It seems to them that in the 1990s , we just started over .
As if we were all born then . ”
But St. Petersburg is a city where blotting out history is difficult .
Ms. Chizhova ’s mother watched two brothers die of hunger while profiteers were taking fistfuls of gold jewelry in exchange for bread .
Her father was forced into a detachment of irregular fighters who were sent against German tanks in groups of five , provided with only one rifle .
Neither would have dreamed of explaining this to their daughter .
But Ms. Chizhova ’s great - grandmother was different ; she turned over the memories absently , almost as if she was talking to herself .
When Ms. Chizhova , then 5 , recited a poem about cannibals in Africa , her great - grandmother explained matter - of - factly how the starving residents of Leningrad resorted to eating bodies .
“ I would ask , ‘ Where did they get it ? ’ ” Ms. Chizhova said .
“ For me it was like a fairy tale .
She said some of them bought it in the market , thinking it was just meat .
And then she would explain that when she worked in the hospital , they would store the bodies near the hospital gates , and by the time they went home in the evening , some of the soft parts were cut off .
“ She would talk about that calmly , ” she said .
“ And I heard it calmly . ”
THOUGH the conversations stopped abruptly when Ms. Chizhova turned 6 , they had already engraved something on her .
When her teachers told her , “ All Leningrad , like one person , stood in defense of the city , ” her private thought was :
It was a crime not to evacuate the children .
And 40 years later , the insistent voices of old women began to declaim in Ms. Chizhova ’s head , and she sat down to write a novel .
A slender 95 pages , told in a sometimes cryptic stream of conversation , “ Time of Women ” was not favored to win the Booker Prize , and some critics dripped contempt .
Summing up the books of the year for the magazine Literaturnaya Rossiya , Kirill Ankudinov sneered at “ literature sitting on grandmother ’s trunk and becoming drunk on memories of how well people behaved under Brezhnev , ” and Yevgeny Yermolin bemoaned the popularity of “ cemetery erotica . ”
Pakistani eunuch dancer Roomia , dances during a wedding as the bride , Nazia watches the performance in Rawalpindi on January 9 , 2010 .
Mocked , pitied and disowned by society , Pakistan 's eunuchs are usually reduced to earning a living on the streets begging or prostituting themselves .
Once granted a favoured status in the Mughal empire 's court , they are traditionally paid to help celebrate the birth of a son , or to dance at weddings .
But in Muslim Pakistan , where sexual relations outside marriage are taboo and homosexuality is illegal , eunuchs are also treated as sex objects and often become the victims of violent assault .
( BEHROUZ MEHRI / AFP / Getty Images ) #
Google sees an Internet far more crowded with competitors than just a year ago .
At least , that 's what the company is telling government regulators .
A year ago , Google named just two competitors -- Microsoft and Yahoo -- in its annual report to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
This year , Google lists 10 competitors by name in its recently filed 10 - K report for 2009 , including social sites Facebook , Twitter , and Yelp ; and specialty search engines that dive deep into a specific category , such as travel site Kayak and health inquiry site WebMD .
With the explosive growth of social networks acting as the door to people 's online world , Google does face increased competition .
But with the Mountain View , Calif . - based search giant facing a surge of antitrust and anticompetition lawsuits and allegations in the U.S. and Europe , observers and critics say the change shows Google 's pressing need to make the case to regulators that it has viable competitors , and has not become too dominant an Internet force .
" There are n't a flood of new companies that have entered the market that are suddenly Google competitors that were n't there last year , but they are calling them out in a more direct way , " said Greg Sterling , principal of Sterling Market Intelligence , adding that if regulators see Google as a company without legitimate competition , " that perception is a big problem for them politically . "
Nevertheless , he said the rapid growth of Facebook and Twitter during 2009 , and the effectiveness of specialty search engines like job site Monster.com , show that Google 's " competition is broader than simply Yahoo and ( Microsoft 's search engine ) Bing . "
For its part , Google in its SEC filing calls the increasing power of specialty , or " vertical " search engines like Kayak , which allow people to root through scores of airlines for the cheapest flights , and the emergence of mobile applications on platforms like the iPhone that allow consumers to directly access a Web product without going through a search engine , " formidable " competition .
" Our filing reflects the reality that we compete against a number of alternatives , including traditional search engines , e-commerce and specialty search sites , social networks , and other forms of online and offline advertising , " Google said in a statement it released Monday to the Mercury News .
Critics of Google 's dominance in search -- Americans use Google for about two thirds of U.S. searches , and the company has more than 70 percent of U.S. search advertising revenue , and about 90 percent in Europe -- say the expanded list of competitors is an attempt by Google to paper over its dominance .
" I think they are feeling the heat from several serious antitrust investigations , and that 's reflected in the language they are using in the 10 - K , " said John Simpson , of Consumer Watchdog .
He argued in a recent blog post that Google 's statements that it has many competitors actually proves that " the opposite is actually true " and that " the real risk to Google 's business is not from competition , " but that regulators in the U.S. and Europe " will act in the interest of consumers and force the Internet giant to engage " in competition .
European Commission regulators announced Feb. 24 that they were opening a preliminary inquiry into complaints by three European vertical search engines that Google was downgrading their prominence in search results .
Google quickly pointed out that two of those sites had ties to Microsoft , saying in a company blog that " we have nothing against vertical search sites -- indeed many vertical search engines like Moneysupermarket.com , Opodo and Expedia typically rank high in Google 's results . "
And speaking last week at a search engine conference in Santa Clara , Calif. , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer acknowledged " expressing some of the issues and frustrations we see " to antitrust regulators about Google , sometimes " unsolicited , sometimes because we have been asked . "
While Google lists specific e-commerce and social network sites , Yahoo , the second leading U.S. search site with a wide array of other services , had a shorter list of competitors listed on its newly filed 10 K -- listing Google , Microsoft , AOL , Facebook and MySpace .
In some cases , Google 's expansion into Internet services beyond search is moving Google onto the turf of its competitors like San Francisco - based Yelp , which Google reportedly attempted to buy for $ 500 million in December .
In recent months , Google executives have repeatedly talked about the company 's ongoing efforts to offer local based search results and detailed background information on restaurants or businesses , similar to what Yelp offers now .
Yelp declined to comment about making Google 's list of foes .
Explore further Microsoft encourages antitrust scrutiny of Google
( c ) 2010 , San Jose Mercury News ( San Jose , Calif . ) .
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Hundreds of revheads last night trashed a Bob Jane T- marts store and brought the Princes Highway in Oakleigh to a standstill for several hours in protest against the cancellation of the EasterNats race meet at Melbourne ’s Calder Park Raceway .
The police air wing was called in to monitor the crowds after flares were set off and people flooded into the street late on Friday night .
Hundreds of angry revheads take to the streets with flares in protest against the cancellation of the EasterNats race meet at Melbourne ’s Calder Park Raceway .
Credit : Wayne Hawkins
The commotion started after the EasterNats race meet at Calder Park Raceway was cancelled earlier this week , and the crowds on Friday night decided to vent their anger on the sponsor ’s store , on the corner of Princes Highway and Warrigal Road .
As the angry fans trashed the store , breaking windows and stealing car parts from inside , witnesses and bystanders were forced to take shelter in their cars and nearby restaurants .
Even though the National Football League plays most of its games on Bible Sundays , some players do n’t want to hear about it .
A Heisman trophy winner on his way to the professional ranks reportedly found that out the hard way at a recent scouting test held for NFL teams trying to decide who to select in the upcoming draft .
The NBC Sports Pro Football
Talk blog reports , “ As we ’ve mentioned once or twice , quarterback Tim Tebow ’s habit of openly expressing his religious beliefs could potentially rub folks the wrong way , especially in a locker room of grown men who choose to keep their beliefs to themselves , who do n’t share his beliefs at all , and / or who only want to hear ‘ God bless ’ after they have sneezed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mike Florio continues ,
We ’re told that Tebow already has gotten a taste of the resistance he might face at the next level .
At the Scouting Combine , the Wonderlic exam is administered to players in groups .
The 12 - minute test is preceded by some brief instructions and comments from the person administering the test .
Per a league source , after the person administering the test to Tebow ’s group had finished , Tebow made a request that the players bow their heads in prayer before taking the 50 - question exam .
Said one of the other players in response : “ Shut the f–k up . ”
Others players in the room then laughed .
Sporting News blogger Michael Tunison writes , “ If true , it ’s presumptuous for Tebow to assume that the others in the room would want or feel the need for prayer prior to taking a standardized test .
At the same time , whoever it was who shouted him down could have declined in a far more polite manner , or could have just kept quiet and let the spiritual guys have their moment . ”
“ Considering some of the scores these players got on their Wonderlic , they should have been asking for all the help they could get , ” a Guyism blogger mocks .
“ IÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢m surprised we did nÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t hear about prayer rugs , raising of incense , buddha statues , and jihad in an effort to get better scores . ”
At the Chicago - Sun Times , Kyle Koster writes , “ Hard to tell if that played into Tebow ’s score of 22 . ”
Tebow ’s outspokenness about his religious views is undeniably a consideration that NFL teams would have to weigh before picking him up .
He could run into situations like this or could find a niche in a locker room where he is held as an emotional leader .
Who is out of bounds in this situation ?
Tebow ?
The foul - mouthed dude who just wanted to take the test ?
Both of them ?
Should this be worrisome to prospective teams ?
ADVERTISEMENT
In January , Huffington Post noted that “ Tebow regularly includes references to Bible passages in his eye black .
During the SEC Championship game , he guided viewers to John 16:33 .
The week before , in his last home game as a Florida Gator , his eye blacks referenced Hebrews 12:1 - 2 .
Tonight , Tebow is playing the final game of his college career in the Sugar Bowl , and he has included one final message beneath his eyes . ”
Tebow ’s eye black says “ EPH 2:8 - 10 , ” a reference to the Epistle to the Ephesians .
Ephesians 2:8- 10 says :
For it is by grace you have been saved , through faith — and this not from yourselves , it is the gift of God — not by works , so that no one can boast .
For we are God ’s workmanship , created in Christ Jesus to do good works , which God prepared in advance for us to do .
An anti-abortion ad featuring Tebow ran during the Super Bowl broadcast on CBS , as ABC News reported in January :
ADVERTISEMENT
He was the first sophomore in history to win a Heisman trophy .
He was the first college football player both to rush and pass for 20 touchdowns in a season .
Last year , he led his college team , the Florida Gators , to their second national championship in three years .
At 6 feet 3 inches and 245 pounds , Tim Tebow may go down in history as the greatest college football player who ever lived .
And to think none of that would have happened if not for a decision his mother made nearly 23 years ago .
That is the message of a controversial new ad starring Tebow and his mother , Pam .
Paid for by the conservative Christian group Focus on the Family , the ad tells the story of Bob and Pam Tebow , who was pregnant with their fifth child when the couple travelled to the Philippines on a missionary trip .
While there , Pam contracted amoebic dysentery and the medicines used for her recovery threatened her unborn fetus .
Doctors advised her to abort the fetus .
Pam ignored their advice and gave birth on Aug .
14 , 1987 , to a baby boy .
That boy was Tim Tebow .
The Focus on the Family Super Bowl commercial with Tim Tebow , as posted on YouTube :
By now , we all know that HTC is working with Verizon and Sprint to bring Android 2.1 ( with Sense ) to the Eris and the Hero .
We ’ve seen a few leaked versions of Android 2.1 with Sense in the past ( including the infamous Espresso build ) but this is the first build we have seen with the Eris ’ name attached .
The ROM was leaked last night on XDA - Developers by someone who claims to work for HTC in China .
At first glance , there were a few issues with the files , but after some quick work and tweaks , the developers were able to get the ROM loaded up on the HTC DROID Eris .
A few developers are already hard at work , trying to port the build over to the CDMA Sprint Hero .
From reading through the forums , this appears to be the same build of Android 2.1 with Sense as we saw of the HTC Legend that was unveiled at Mobile World Congress , though there are a few things that have been left out ( live wallpapers ) .
There is no indication that this is the final 2.1 build for the HTC Eris or when the final build will be pushed out to the Verizon handset .
NOTE : Leading any ROM onto your phone could cause it to stop working .
Proceed at your own risk .
If you have a DROID Eris and want to give it a try , there ’s what you need to know :
Ok everyone you wanted a tutorial here you go .
This if for instructional purposes only , I ’m not responsible if you break your phone .
Step 1 .
Get the patched 2.1 Rom here –>
http://www.sendspace.com/file/frqze0
Step 2 . Place PB00IMG.zip onto your phones SD card
Step 3 . make sure phone is off and hold Power button and Call Button .
Step 4 . the menu opens quickly press the power key over the hboot option .
Step 5 . Follow the instructions onscreen to install the update .
the phone will reboot a few times .
Notes :
The phone will wipe all user data the sd card is untouched , i made a backup for safety purposes
Aries ( मेष ) मेष राशि वालों अपनी भावनाओं पर कंट्रोल करेंगे तो फायदे में रहेंगे। व्यापारी और नौकरीपेशा लोग किसी ... Read more
Taurus ( वृषभ ) वृष राशि वालों आज आपकी किस्मत साथ देगी। जीवनसाथी के साथ किसी धार्मिक यात्रा स्थल पर जा सकते हैं। ... Read more
Gemini ( मिथुन ) मिथुन राशि वालों आज आपको कामकाज में बड़ी सफलता मिल सकती है। जीवनसाथी से ... Read more
Cancer ( कर्क ) कर्क : जरूरी कार्य से बाहर की यात्रा के योग बन सकते हैं। आपके आत्मविश्वास से दफ्तर में ... Read more
Leo ( सिंह ) सिंह राशि वालों आज आपका दिन अच्छा रहने वाला है। बेरोजगार लोगों को नौकरी मिल सकती है। ... Read more
Virgo ( कन्या ) कन्या : आज तरक्की में आ रही रूकावट दूर होगी। बिल्डर्स को आज धन लाभ होगा। किसी ... Read more
Libra ( तुला ) तुला राशि वालों आज आपके रोजमर्रा और पार्टनरशिप के काम समय से पूरे हो सकते हैं। पार्टनर से ... Read more
Scorpio ( वृश्चिक ) वृश्चिक : आज कोई जरूरी कार्य पूरा होगा , जिसकी बधाईयां आपको मिलती रहेंगी। कारोबार को बढ़ाने से ... Read more
Sagittarius ( धनु ) धनु राशि वालों आपके सोचने का तरीका भी बदल सकता है। घर - परिवार के काम निपटाने में ... Read more
Capricorn ( मकर ) मकर : आज आप बोलचाल में संयम रखने की जरूर कोशिश करें। आज किसी दूसरे को राय देने से बचें। ... Read more
Aquarius ( कुंभ ) कुंभ राशि वालों आज आपको रोजमर्रा के कामों में किस्मत का साथ मिलेगा। इस राशि के ... Read more
The X - 51 WaveRider is designed to fly longer hypersonically than all of its predecessors combined .
WASHINGTON ?
The U.S. Air Force is gearing up for the firstof four planned test flights of a hypersonic aircraft designed to operate formuch longer durations and cover far greater distances than previous platformsof its type .
The maiden flight of the X - 51 Waverider aircraft ?
the first U.S. hypersonic vehicle to fly in six years ?
is scheduled to take place later in March .
Boeing Defense , Space & Security Systems of St. Louis has been developing the aircraft since 2003 onbehalf of the Air Force Research Laboratory and Defense Advanced ResearchProjects Agency .
The missile - shaped X - 51 will be carried aloft under the wingof a B - 52 bomber , Joe Vogel , Boeing ? s director of hypersonics , said in a Feb.22 interview .
It will be released from the jet over the Pacific Ocean and dropfor four seconds until its rocket motor ignites and accelerates it to about5,800 kilometers per hour , just shy of the widely accepted start of hypersonicflight at Mach 5 , or about 6,100 kilometers per hour .
At that point , itsair - breathing scramjet ?
or supersonic combustion ramjet ?
engine , built by Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne of Canoga Park , Calif. , will kick in , shooting the craft to Mach 6 , or more than 7,400 kilometers per hour .
Grand plans for hypersonic vehicles have been around fordecades , but their goals were often unrealistic and not matched by budgets , resulting in failure .
The approach on X - 51 has been to demonstrate thetechnologies that could one day enable things like single - stage - to - orbitvehicles .
? Theoretically you can probably get there someday , buttrying to do it all at once with not enough money is very , very challenging , ?Vogel said .
Potential applications for hypersonic technology aresuperfast airplanes , missiles and reusable space launch vehicles , Vogel said .
While the technology is not ready to ferry passengers from New York to LosAngeles in under an hour , such a scenario is not all that far - fetched , Vogelsaid .
The upcoming demonstrations should show that the technology could be usedin a next - generation missile program , he said .
Boeing has 42 people working on the X - 51 program , down from a peak of about 90 people in 2007 .
Pratt & WhitneyRocketdyne?s team peaked around 60 people and is now down to nine people , Vogelsaid .
Boeing also built the United States ?
previous hypersonicflight demonstrator , the X - 43A , on behalf of NASA .
The X - 43A program madetwo successful flights in 2004 : an 11 - second flight that reached Mach 7 , and a10 - second flight that approached Mach 10 and set a new record for fastestflight by a jet - powered aircraft .
Both vehicles were designed to plummet intothe ocean and be destroyed .
Scramjet engines like those on the X - 43A and X - 51 must beaccelerated to very high speeds to deliver compressed air to their combustionchambers .
Both craft rely on rocket propulsion to create this initial speed .
While the X - 51 will not reach the top speed of itspredecessor , it is intended to demonstrate more operationally realistictechnologies , Vogel said .
Whereas the X - 43A used a highly energetic hydrogenfuel , the X - 51 uses the same JP - 7 fuel that powered the SR - 71 surveillanceaircraft , and its engine could be adapted to use other hydrocarbon - based fuels , he said .
The X - 51 is expected to fly about 900 kilometers under jet power inabout five minutes , 30 times longer in duration than the X - 43A flights .
Boeing has built four X - 51 aircraft for the upcoming testcampaign .
Though none will be recovered after its test flight , theirliquid - cooled scramjet engines have shown in ground testing to be very durable , Vogel said .
The X - 43A engine was not actively cooled and was not intended forreuse .
? This [ the X - 51 ] engine has been tested extensively in thelaboratory , and it ? s come out and been reused multiple times , ?
Vogel said .
?
Intheory , if we had more time and more money and more space in the vehicle , weprobably would have put a recovery system into it .
Future vehicles could have arecovery system , and we have started looking at ways to recover the engine .?
The government does not currently plan to support the X - 51 program beyond the four identical flight tests , which should be complete by thefall , Vogel said .
Boeing has proposed a next phase of the program to thegovernment , but he declined to be specific .
Since 2003 the government has spent about $ 250 million onthe X - 51 program , Vogel said .
Air Force Research Laboratory spokesman DerekKaufman was unable to provide funding details by press time .
Once upon a time there was a happy little village called Petrolia .
The people of Petrolia were well fed and well dressed , because their village was blessed with a great lake of bubbling black Goo .
The black Goo must have been magical , because the people of the village were able to fashion it into all sorts of wonderful things .
Using simple machines , the Goo was easily transformed into useful substances of all sorts , shapes and colors .
Most of the villagers were employed in the Goo industry , and every aspect of their lives was intertwined with Goo .
They used the Goo to build their homes ,
to make their paints and brushes and combs ,
They used the Goo to fuel Goo cars ,
and make Goo-plastic tupperware jars
Their clothes were all made out of the Goo ,
From fancy hats to the soles of their shoes .
They used the Goo to make toys and tops ,
And even to feed their growing crops .
The Goo was used in creams and soaps ,
Plus to make pipes and chains and ropes .
They used the Goo to make milk and cheeses ,
And tissue to cover their noses from sneezes .
The Goo was used to build benches and tables ,
And posters and sticky - backed envelope labels .
They even made medicines using the Goo ,
It seemed there was nothing the Goo could n’t do !
But one day the villagers were alarmed to see that the lake of Goo was starting to get smaller .
It was slowly shrinking , and they did not know what to do .
“ How will we survive ? ” they cried .
“ How will we live our lives without Goo ? ”
Every day the villagers saw the lake of black Goo get smaller and smaller .
Soon they called a meeting in the village square to decide what to do .
It seemed everyone had a different idea about the right solution .
Some of the villagers wanted to travel to the next village and see if they had any Goo .
Others wanted to dig holes in the earth all around the town , to try and find another lake of Goo underground .
Still others said the lake was n’t really getting smaller at all , that it was simply an optical illusion caused by shadows and the sun .
They talked and debated all through the day , and as evening came the villagers were no closer to agreement .
As the Sun began to set , there appeared in the village square an odd little man , wearing bright , well - fashioned clothes of red , green and gold .
In his hand he held a long waterpipe of shimmering glass .
“ I can solve your Goo problem , ” said the little man , in a strange , high - pitched voice .
“ But what will you pay me in return ? ”
“ Anything , ” cried the villagers .
“ Anything at all , ” said the Mayor .
“ Done and done , ” said the little man .
“ I shall return on the morrow to solve your problem . ”
The villagers were excited and wondered amongst themselves how the little man was going to refill their lake full of black Goo .
When the morning came , the little man appeared again in the village square , and he was sitting on a great round barrel .
“ This barrel contains the solution to your problems , ” said the little man , tapping it with his shimmering glass waterpipe .
“ Is it full of Goo ? ” asked the Mayor .
“ One barrel of Goo wo n’t even last us a week ! ” cried the villagers in dismay .
“ This barrel does not hold any Goo , ” said the little man .
“ It is full of seeds , seeds from the world ’s most wonderful plant . ”
“ Seeds ? ” cried the villagers .
“ But we use Goo to make the fertilizer which grows our plants ! ”
“ Not to worry , ” said the little man .
“ This plant grows well without any Goo fertilizer .
And from this plant you can make everything that you currently make from the Goo . ”
The villagers had many questions , and they all spoke at once .
“ Can this plant provide clothes , from my head to my toes ? ”
“ I do n’t wish to be rude , will this plant grow us food ? ”
“ This sounds pretty rough , a plant to make stuff ? ”
“ You must be a fool , no plant can make fuel ! ”
“ So what is the deal , can this herb help us heal ? ”
“ Is it really , really , truly true ?
Can this plant do all that Goo can do ? ”
“ Yes this marvelous plant can do all of that , ” replied the little man , hopping down from the barrel .
“ And more . ”
“ The first thing you should know is that this plant makes many seeds .
You can press them for oil that will meet so many needs .
“ You can eat this oil for its fine nutrition ,
You can burn it as a fuel to meet any ambition .
“ What ’s left of the seed can be used to make cake ,
and other fine foods which you also can bake .
“ If you press the seeds differently you can make milk ,
and cheeses and yoghurts that taste smooth as silk .
“ The stalk of this plant is made of two parts ,
to separate them is the simplest of arts .
“ The outer part is fibers long ,
used for fabrics , very strong .
“ The inner stalk is a pulp called hurd ,
the best darn stuff in the whole round world .
“ The hurd can be used to make paper and plastic ,
plus fuel as well , it ’s truly fantastic !
“ It grows in all soils and it helps clean the earth ,
I tell you this plant is beyond any worth !
“ Everything you do with Goo ,
This wonderful plant can also do ! ”
The little man smiled as he spoke all these words .
“ I hope that you ’ve listened to all that you ’ve heard !
“ I have yet to mention the spectacular flowers
Which have such miraculous curative powers !
“ These flowers can also help open your mind ,
ideas and insights anew you will find .
“ And so I hope we ’re all agreed ,
This plant will give you what you need !
“ You do n’t need the Goo any more ,
This plant can do what the Goo did before ! ”
Some of the villagers smiled and looked pleased , but a man with a thick mustache and a fancy Goo top hat stepped forward .
“ But if your magic plant can make all of that stuff ,
some of us simply will not earn enough ! ”
“ What about our Goo factories , should we just shut them down ? ” said the man who owned the biggest Goo factory in town .
“ What about the Goo workers , what would they all do ? ” asked the head of the Union of Workers With Goo .
“ You say this plant ’s seed can make milk ?
That is scary ! ”
said the man whose job was to turn Goo into dairy .
“ If this plant can help heal then how ’ll I earn my fee ? ”
said the man who made Goo-pills for the town Pharmacy .
The little man smiled as he answered their cries ,
“ Using this plant would truly be wise .
“ Some of you may have to learn different skills ,
but this marvelous plant can cure all of your ills ! ”
“ This plant sounds wondrous indeed , ” said the Mayor slowly .
“ Perhaps we should consider its use .
Pray tell us good sir , what is this plant called ? ”
“ It is known by many names , ” replied the little man .
“ In Africa it is called Dagga .
In China it is known as Ma . The Arabs call it Qunubu .
But in this part of the world it is best known as Hemp . ”
“ Hemp ? ” shouted the mayor in surprise .
“ Hemp ? ” cried the villagers in dismay .
“ We know that plant , ” spat the Mayor in disgust .
“ We hate that plant ! ” cried the villagers in anger .
“ That is a plant we officially hate !
Just hearing its name makes us all quite irate .
“ That plant used to grow all over this town ,
everywhere you looked it sprang from the ground .
“ It ’s true that this plant has a few paltry uses ,
but it also contains some most dangerous juices .
“ That plant has the world ’s most terrible flowers ,
they can make moments seem as if they ’re lasting for hours !
“ This plant improves music and heightens the senses ,
thus bypassing all of your spirit ’s defenses !
“ Even if you just used them so you could unwind ,
these flowers still put some strange thoughts in your mind .
“ This is the plant that corrupted our youth ,
when they used it they questioned our version of truth .
“ We told them to drink booze instead of to toke ,
they laughed at us as if it was all just a joke !
“ They started to think instead of obey ,
so we banished this plant far , far away .
“ Your suggestion to start growing hemp is outrageous !
We would never allow this bad plant to save us !
“ We will never use this plant !
Begone !
Begone !
You must recant ! ”
“ I tell you again , in full truth , this plant will solve all your problems , ” said the little man firmly .
“ You have replied with nothing but ignorance and bigotry .
I fulfilled my side of the bargain , and now I demand payment . ”
“ We will pay you nothing but a cell in our prison , ” replied the Mayor .
“ We have laws against Hemp in our town .
Possessing even the seeds of this plant is forbidden , and so today you have become a criminal . ”
The villagers seized the little man , and they threw him into the prison .
Then they took away the barrel of Hemp seed , and burned it in the village square .
“ Oh ho , ” said the little man , sitting in his prison cell .
“ So this is the way it must be ?
Very well then .
Now you shall see what I can do . ”
So saying , the little man placed some fragrant Hemp flowers into his shimmering glass waterpipe .
He lit a match and inhaled , drawing the smoke deeply into his lungs .
In an instant his eyes became as red as an open - faced cherry pie .
As the Pie-eyed Piper piped his pipe , something strange began to happen .
The gurgling and burbling of the water began to sound as loud as a crashing wave , and great clouds of swirling smoke came out of the bong .
The clouds spread over the whole village , covering every garden , filling every home , sliding into every nook and cranny , slipping into every crack and crevice .
Soon every single villager had breathed in the Pie-eyed Piper ’s smoke , and they all felt their minds opening to new thoughts and ideas .
Yet although every person was touched , each was affected in a different way .
Some of the villagers cried out and wept openly , while others wished only to be left alone with their new thoughts .
Some laughed and sang and danced , while others began jotting down new inventions on crinkled pieces of paper .
Some pulled their lovers close , while others began playing games with their children .
Some began to play music , while others looked to the sky in wonder .
Many of the sick felt improved and began to eat , while the elderly smiled and felt their aches ease .
Then the Pie-eyed Piper piped upon his shimmering glass waterpipe a second time , and a second great wave of clouds rolled through the village .
Some of the villagers raised their heads as this second smoke touched them : the most creative , the most musical , the most clever , the most wise , all stood as if heeding a secret call , and then they followed the smoke to its source .
They came for the Pie-eyed Piper , and they freed him from his prison cell .
The guards did not even try to stop them , for they were lost in dreams of jails without doors .
The Pie -Eyed Piper piped upon his shimmering glass waterpipe a third time , and more clouds issued forth , now filling the village with a fog so thick that none could see their hand in front of their face .
The smoke swirled and curled and then stretched out like an arm , forming a trail that led away from the village .
The Piper cried out to the smoke - inspired crowd , “ Come friends , let us follow the sweet - smelling cloud ! ”
They filled the whole length of the road , all of the best and the brightest of Petrolia .
They walked and danced and skipped and laughed , their minds filled with the Piper ’s smoke and reeling with visions of a better future .
“ Stop ! ” cried the Mayor , shaking off his stupor .
“ You ca n’t leave us ! ” cried the many mothers and fathers and brothers and sisters who were being left behind , lost in the fog from the Piper ’s pipe .
But their cries were ignored , for the Pie-eyed Piper and the chosen villagers followed the smoke trail out of the village and far , far away .
In this new place the Pie-eyed Piper and those who had followed him planted the seeds of Hemp .
Then they built themselves a new village out of the Hemp , and soon they were living even more comfortably than they were before , so they called their new village Hempton .
As the lake of Goo grew smaller and smaller , the remaining inhabitants of Petrolia had to make do with less and less .
As life became harder , the people of Petrolia began to leave their village .
In ones and twos , in the dead of night , or other times when none were watching , they followed the Piper ’s trail to the new village .
When the lake of Goo had finally been reduced to a puddle , the Mayor himself slipped away to live in Hempton , and Petrolia was no more .
Once upon a time there was a happy little town called Hempton .
The people of Hempton were well fed and well dressed , because their town was blessed with a great field of fragrant green Hemp .
The Hemp must have been magical , because the people of the village were able to fashion it into all sorts of wonderful things .
Using simple machines , the Hemp was easily transformed into useful substances of all shapes and colors , including food , fuel , fiber , plastics and medicine .
Most of the villagers were employed in the Hemp industry , and every aspect of their lives was intertwined with Hemp .
The Pie-eyed Piper was elected Mayor , and he sat on the roof of the tallest building , piping the Hemp flowers within his shimmering glass waterpipe , filling the streets with a fragrant smoke which inspired and guided the villagers , as well as healing the sick , comforting the elderly , and bringing peace and goodwill to all .
The End
Illustrations by Chris Wright
Mortgage fraud was rampant during the housing boom .
Regulators were asleep at the wheel during all of this .
But now we are getting some indictments as WFAA News 8 in Dallas reports ( hat tip Housing Wire ) .
This television station did the dirty work for regulators and uncovered massive amounts of mortgage fraud .
Byron Harris reports :
News 8 started looking into questionable real estate transactions back in 2006 after learning about investors who were " flipping " houses .
Prosecutors say the group used phony buyers , questionable documents and inflated appraisals to sell houses — including properties in the Hills Creek neighborhood of McKinney — for more than what they were worth .
In 2002 , one house on Hills Creek Drive was valued at $ 315,000 ; by January 2006 , it sold for $ 625,000 .
Prosecutors said the value of other modest homes was increased to as much as $ 715,000 .
When the properties sold , prosecutors allege that the profits went to the man at the top in the form of " disbursements . " …
Appraiser Steve Nichols helped News 8 analyze the paperwork that pinpointed questionable appraisals by Josh Melton , who is now charged in the crime .
" It ’s my belief you have to have professionals who are able to identify fraud in their own industry and being willing to report it , " Nichols said .
The U.S. Attorney expects suspects to begin turning themselves in to a federal judge next week ; trials will follow .
Each suspect faces a maximum sentence of at least 20 years .
The video is embedded below .
Just last month , Bill Black , a former S&L crisis regulator gave a speech on mortgage fraud and its central role in the housing bubble and bust .
He asserts that lax regulation was at the very core of this epidemic of fraud .
He starts in commenting that the FBI gave a prescient warning in September 2004 that fraud was rampant in the mortgage market .
Black says :
[ The FBI ] did n’t simply warn there was an epidemic of mortgage fraud , they explicitly warned that it would produce an economic crisis if it were not dealt with .
So what was done in response to a warning that clear ?
Not a whole lot .
As I explained in the last post , Black knows that so much fraud goes unpunished because the majority of the fraud involves the lenders .
Since lenders control the documentation , none of this gets exposed unless the lenders file criminal referrals — or regulators intervene .
Note , Black says 80 % of mortgage fraud losses occur when lender personnel are involved .
Other statistics worthy of consideration which Black cites ?
Of roughly 10,000 mortgage lenders , only 900 have ever filed a criminal referral in the relevant five year period .
Over 700 of those institutions filed fewer than five criminal referrals .
The twenty - five largest filers of criminal referrals filed over 90 % of all referrals .
There has not been one single enforcement action in five years ( I assume 2002 - 2007 ) despite regulated institutions failure to file the mandated criminal referrals .
Black concludes that even in the regulated sector of the mortgage complex where criminal referrals are mandated in the case of fraud , no one except these 25 institutions is reporting fraud .
What does that tell you ?
It tells me that fraud is rampant and no one is regulating it .
Logic would dictate that any regulator which sees evidence of an epidemic of fraud in non-prime lending and non-compliance with regulatory mandates to report fraud would concentrate a disproportionate number of investigators on non-prime lenders .
That did not happen .
So , clearly there was no regulation .
During the S&L crisis , Black notes that there were over 1000 priority criminal convictions of senior insiders connected to fraud .
To date , of the specialty lenders who specialized in subprime , there have been zero convictions .
So you compare 1,000 during the S&L crisis to zero during this one despite the crisis being an order of magnitude larger .
In fact , there have been zero indictments , according to Black .
There have even been zero arrests he says .
This is the way the system worked under Bush and it is the way it continues to operate under Obama .
By Orangemaster
Again this year the Netherlands and Finland are going to trade euro coins .
In 2009 both countries were the first countries in Europe to do so , saving costs and probably giving the environment a break , too .
Instead of running out of 5 euro cent coins and making more , trading is a much better option .
The Finnish need 2 euro cent ( French one shown here ) and the Dutch need 5 euro cent coins ( Dutch one show here ) .
The 1 euro cent is here is Belgian .
Of all the euro cents I have had , the Finnish ones are quite rare and I was told that they made less of them , as compared to other countries .
What I do find odd is that I was told that big stores in Finland round off prices to the nearest 0.05 cent , which would mean that like the Netherlands , they would need more 5 euro cents .
If they need 2 euro cents , this means they do n’t round off prices nearly as much as we do here or enjoy giving out lots of 2 euro cents to their customers .
Prices in big stores are rounded off to the nearest 0.05 as they were when we still had the guilder and did not have 2 euro cent and 1 euro cent coins .
And rounding off saves time , money and space in cash registers .
Paying with 2 and 1 cent coins is frowned upon in the Netherlands ( never mind paying with anything more than a 50 euro bill – tourists often get the third degree with their 100 and 200 euro bills ) , while doing so in neighbouring Germany or Belgium is common .
Both Germany and Belgium had equivalent coins back in the day .
Apparently 2 euro coins are also rare in Finland , while the Netherland has truckloads of them .
It ’s interesting to see how different countries deal with the same currency .
The Dutch plan to swap 3 million 2 euro coins for 30 million 5 euro cents .
I ’ve just realised that I had a big coffee can full of 5 , 2 and 1 cent coins lying around .
( Link : blikopnieuws.nl )
This entry was posted on Wednesday , March 3rd , 2010 at 11:23 am and is filed under General .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
UPDATE : Farage fined , EU Parliament President considering sanctions against UKIP MEP
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Tuesday , March 2nd , 2010
UPDATE : Nigel Farage has been fined 10 days ’ MEP allowances – about £ 2,700 – following his attack on the credentials of the European council president , Herman van Rompuy , last week .
The Ukip MEP was today summoned to see the European parliament ’s president , Jerzy Buzek , who demanded that he apologise to Belgium , its people and its former prime minister for his remarks .
When Farage refused , Buzek said he was considering sanctions , including possible suspension from the chamber , against him .
— — — — — —————-
UK Independence Party Member of European Parliament Nigel Farage has refused to back down over comments he directed toward EU chief and global governance proponent Herman van Rompuy during a speech in front of the EU parliament last week .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In response to calls to apologise for saying van Rompuy had “ the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low grade bank clerk ” , Farage announced that he would apologise , but only to bank clerks the world over .
“ If I have offended them I am very sorry indeed . ”
Farage quipped before stressing “ I am not going to apologise to Herman van Rompuy , I am not going to apologise to the European Parliament , and I ’m certainly not going to apologise to the people of Belgium . ”
Farage defended his comments as “ realistic , truthful and a necessary part of waking the people up to van Rompuy ’s plans for an economic government of the EU . ”
“ The president has said he will not let this happen again .
What a democratic institution this is is n’t it ? ”
Farage said , adding “ He will let me know shortly what my penalty will be . ”
Farage expects to be suspended for a period of time , and foresees an attempt by van Rompuy and Parliament President Jerzy Buzek to take away his position as leader of a group in the Parliament .
The backlash directed at Farage comes after he savaged Bilderberg member van Rompuy last week , labeling the EU President “ the quiet assassin of European nation states ” and adding that his position has “ no legitimacy ” .
The job of president of the European Council , now occupied by van Rompuy , was created under the Lisbon Treaty , which was passed without a referendum in Britain and despite previous majority opposition in countries such as the Netherlands and France .
“ Frankly , what Mr van Rompuy wants to do is to take away from us our rights of democracy and self government .
You ca n’t do that without us as elected members coming back and saying we ’re not very happy about it . ”
Farage told reporters today .
“ All I can say is that those of us who have battled against the European institutions , on the basis that they are becoming fundamentally undemocratic , have been proved to be right . ”
Farage said .
“ I have not used unparliamentary language , I have not incited dislike or hatred , I have merely expressed an opinion , and in doing so there is now actually a debate about who is Herman van Rompuy , Why is he being paid more than Obama , and just what powers has he got .
I ’m not going to apologise if what I have said has sparked a debate off right throughout the EU about these institutions . ” he added .
“ This is clearly an issue of freedom of speech .
The same rulebook that is being thrown at me also contains the guarantee that Members freedom of speech should not be undermined . ”
“ I will appeal any ruling by Mr Buzek , who clearly has a different interpretation of freedom of speech to me . ”
Farage asserted .
“ This is about free speech , the right to say what is not popular with the political elite , and the right to represent my constituents as I see fit . ”
Farage said .
“ After all , unlike Mr van Rompuy , I have been elected . ”
Watch Nigel Farage ’s comments to reporters today in the European Parliament in Brussels :
This article was posted : Tuesday , March 2 , 2010 at 10:57 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
If you have changed the default Facebook profile picture and uploaded your own , it ’s fine .
But if not , then why not replace that boring picture of the guy with a wisp of hair sticking out of his head with something different and funny ?
Default Facebook silhouette is boring
Someone called David has created a bunch of alternative Facebook profile silhouettes – from Albert Einstein to Frankenstein , Batman to Darth Vader .
These are free to use in your Facebook profile .
Have fun !
Update : Inspired by David ’s work , I have created additional profile pictures which are being added regularly .
Check back often for new pics .
Note :
The profile images has been replaced by previews , since this page is making too many connections to Picasa ’s server .
To download the entire set , click on the download link at the bottom .
Included in the collection is a large number of real , fictional and cartoon characters such as Alien , Audrey Hepburn , Bender , Betty Boop , Bob Marley , Chef , Cloud Strife , Cyberman , Darth Vader , Abraham Lincoln , Bart Simpson , Batman , Boba Fett , Buddha , Che , Clint Eastwood , Doc Brown , Einstein , Elvis , Fez , Frankenstein , Gandalf , George Washington , Gollum , Homer Simpson , Jabba the Hut , Jolly Roger , Kermit the frog , Legolas , Lisa Simpson , Lyle Beaker , Maggie Simpson , Marge Simpson , Michael Jackson , Mickey Mouse , Mr T , Pedobear , Pippy Longstocking , Ninja , Princes Leia , Sauron , Tom Servo , Yoda , Deadpool , Dilbert , Foghorn , Garfield , Godfather , Harley Quinn , Harry Potter , Hello Kitty , Hitler , Kim Possible , Lara Croft , Mario , Marlyn Monroe , Marvin , Max Payne , Optimus Prime , Pikachuy , Pink Panther , Predator , Samurai , Sherlock Holmes , Shrek , Sonic the Hedgehog , Spiderman , Spock , Spongebob Squarepants , Terminator , Tinkerbell , Toadstool , World Ward 2 soldier , Zackfair and many more .
Also included are general profile pics like guys and girls with headphone , flipping the bird , wearing hats , with different hairstyles like ponytails and braids , and plenty of different girl profiles .
On last count , there were more than 130 photos .
[ Important updates below – Facebook says the Daily Mail knew its story was untrue , but printed it anyway .
Legal action is promised .
The BBC has now picked up on Global Dashboard ’s story .
Journalism .co.uk has a piece as well .
Guardian has followed our lead too .
Mashable .
Belle de Jour chips in . ]
In the early hours of this morning , the Daily Mail published an astonishing attack on Facebook under the title “ I posed as a 14 - year - old girl on Facebook .
What followed will sicken you . ”
Here ’s the opener :
Even after 15 years in child protection , I was shocked by what I encountered when I spent just five minutes on Facebook posing as a 14 - year - old girl .
Within 90 seconds , a middle - aged man wanted to perform a sex act in front of me .
I was deluged by strangers asking stomach - churning questions about my sexual experience .
I was pressured to meet men with whom I ’d never before communicated .
So I was n’t surprised that a vulnerable teenager , Ashleigh Hall , was groomed on Facebook before being brutally raped and killed .
The article is written by Mark Williams - Thomas .
Here ’s his biog :
Mark is a former police detective who has far - reaching experience of working at the centre of high profile investigations .
During Mark ’s police service , he specialised in child protection and major crime and he is renowned throughout the UK ’s police forces as well as the national media for his expertise in these areas .
It ’s an odd story .
Facebook is n’t really a chat site – and it ’s certainly not Chatroulette , where there are plenty of men ready and waiting to jack off in front of you ( sfw ) .
Presumably Williams - Thomas set his privacy settings to zero and befriended loads of strangers .
But how did those strangers find him ( her ) so quickly ?
Fast forward twelve hours and the online version of Williams - Thomas ’s article has undergone some editing .
New title : I posed as a girl of 14 online .
What followed will sicken you .
And new text , with Facebook replaced with an unnamed ‘ social networking site ’ .
Even after 15 years in child protection , I was shocked by what I encountered when I spent just five minutes on a social networking site posing as a 14 - year - old girl .
Within 90 seconds , a middle - aged man wanted to perform a sex act in front of me .
The url , though , has not been changed : I - posed - girl - 14 - Facebook - What - followed - sicken - you.html [ This url was subsequently set to redirect to a new one – 12/03/2010 ]
So what gives ?
If it was Facebook that Williams - Thomas was using , then why turn so coy ?
And if it was n’t , how on earth could the Mail have pretended it was ?
Update : Via Twitter , I asked Williams - Thomas for clarification .
Here ’s his reply :
So why was Facebook named in the first place ?
Update 2 : Apparently the story – with Facebook named – was a front page splash in the print edition , and then a double page spread inside .
Update 3 : Just had a call from Facebook – they ’re incandescent and say that :
Williams - Thomas claims that he was 100 % clear that his social network experiment had not involved Facebook .
involved Facebook .
When the Mail sent him a first draft of the story with Facebook named , he asked for them to make a correction .
Even so , they went ahead and published a story their own expert had warned them was untrue .
When Facebook protested , the Mail corrected the online story , but not the printed version , which had already hit the news stands .
Their online retraction failed to include any apology or explanation of their mistake .
Facebook says that legal action against the Mail is pending .
What an extraordinary piece of negligence and / or malice from the paper !
Update 4 : The Mail appended a fairly mealy mouthed correction last night :
In an earlier version of this article , we wrongly stated that the criminologist had conducted an experiment into social networking sites by posing as a 14 - year - old girl on Facebook with the result that he quickly attracted sexually motivated messages .
In fact he had used a different social networking site for this exercise .
We are happy to set the record straight .
Will they be happy to pay damages to Facebook too ?
Another version here , which begins : “ In an article by a criminologist yesterday , we wrongly stated … ” – half - maintaining the fiction that Williams - Thomas actually wrote the piece …
Update 5 : From last year , another great Daily Mail headline : “ How using Facebook could raise your risk of cancer . ”
Update 6 : Instead of retreating to lick her wounds , Mail journo , Laura Topham has doubled down with another article on Internet safety – again using the Facebook killer as a hook and with the same oddly prurient image from yesterday ’s story .
Before her Facebook howler , Topham ’s main claim to fame was dating 100 men and writing about it , outing Belle de Jour [ or not – see Belle ’s comment ] , and running up huge amounts of debt because the government inveigled her into taking out a student loan .
Her big break in journalism came in 2005 when she shafted David Blunkett .
Update 7 : PC Pro quotes Facebook ’s spokeswoman as challenging the Daily Mail to name the social networking platform that is really to blame .
I was given exactly the same message .
Facebook think it knows which service Williams - Thomas used and is desperate for one of its competitors to get shafted .
A representative of Williams - Thomas justifies anonymity thus : “ The reason he does not want to [ name the service ] is because he does not want there to be another opening for paedophiles to head straight for . ”
Hmm. Maybe .
Author David Steven David Steven is a senior fellow at the UN Foundation and at New York University , where he founded the Global Partnership to End Violence against Children and the Pathfinders for Peaceful , Just and Inclusive Societies , a multi-stakeholder partnership to deliver the SDG targets for preventing all forms of violence , strengthening governance , and promoting justice and inclusion .
He was lead author for the ministerial Task Force on Justice for All and senior external adviser for the UN - World Bank flagship study on prevention , Pathways for Peace .
He is a former senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and co-author of The Risk Pivot : Great Powers , International Security , and the Energy Revolution ( Brookings Institution Press , 2014 ) .
In 2001 , he helped develop and launch the UK ’s network of climate diplomats .
David lives in and works from Pisa , Italy .
Quality & safety Quality and safety are important aspects of your event planning , which is why we use wind and fire - resistant materials and make sure that the anchoring is secure and only use materials that meet the strictest safety requirements .
Insulation and darkened rooms
If you require insulation to keep your venue cool or sound - proofed , we have a solution for you .
We can also advise you on AV systems for presentation , etc. Flexibility Surprised by a different unexpected amount of ticket sales / subscribers for your event ?
We can easily up - or downscale all structures , so last - minute changes are no problem at all .
Complete freedom
At De Boer UK , we understand your needs .
You want to create a unique event that will leave a lasting impression on your guests .
You need structures that provide flexibility with respect to layout .
We offer a selection of large halls and tents without obstructive supports .
Our structures also feature load - bearing capacities that allow you to install lighting and sound systems in the roof .
If you need it , we can supply thermal and sound reduction linings too .
Flexible in all respects
At De Boer , we understand the importance of flexibility and you can count on us if you have to expand or alter your facility .
Our tents are often easy to link to existing buildings , allowing you to create a customised venue quickly .
Equally , it is quick to dismantle the structures .
Wide product range
No two events are the same .
You want your event to set you apart , stand out and WOW your visitors .
That ’s why we offer a selection of over 80 different product types with a wide selection of walls , doors , roofs , floors and stairs .
Facility services
To make it easy for you , we also offer supplementary facility services , such as lighting , heating , cooling and interior furnishing .
De Boer ’s products and ancillary services will give your temporary venue the layout and look you require .
Turn - key project management
Take advantage of De Boer ’s full - service project services and we ’ll do the rest .
Tell us what you want and we ’ll deliver a turn - key solution .
We can deal with everything which will allow you to focus on other important business .
Safety
Whether the structures are being erected on your own site or elsewhere , safety is of paramount importance to us .
That ’s why we use wind and fire - resistant materials as well as making sure that the construction and anchoring meet all relevant safety requirements .
Paul Craig Roberts
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 24 , 2010
Editor : When Paul Craig Roberts gave us permission to post this article , he indicated to Alex Jones that it would probably be his last .
Regular readers of PCR ’s outstanding columns will be disappointed to hear that he is bowing out for the time being .
Alex will discuss the reasons behind this on tomorrow ’s show .
Roberts has also told us that he will probably appear as a guest on The Alex Jones Show later next week to expand on why he has decided to “ sign off , ” as he puts it in the following article .
There was a time when the pen was mightier than the sword .
That was a time when people believed in truth and regarded truth as an independent power and not as an auxiliary for government , class , race , ideological , personal , or financial interest .
Today Americans are ruled by propaganda .
Americans have little regard for truth , little access to it , and little ability to recognize it .
Truth is an unwelcome entity .
It is disturbing .
It is off limits .
Those who speak it run the risk of being branded “ anti-American , ” “ anti- semite ” or “ conspiracy theorist . ”
Truth is an inconvenience for government and for the interest groups whose campaign contributions control government .
Truth is an inconvenience for prosecutors who want convictions , not the discovery of innocence or guilt .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Truth is inconvenient for ideologues .
Today many whose goal once was the discovery of truth are now paid handsomely to hide it .
“ Free market economists ” are paid to sell offshoring to the American people .
High - productivity , high value - added American jobs are denigrated as dirty , old industrial jobs .
Relicts from long ago , we are best shed of them .
Their place has been taken by “ the New Economy , ” a mythical economy that allegedly consists of high - tech white collar jobs in which Americans innovate and finance activities that occur offshore .
All Americans need in order to participate in this “ new economy ” are finance degrees from Ivy League universities , and then they will work on Wall Street at million dollar jobs .
Economists who were once respectable took money to contribute to this myth of “ the New Economy . ”
And not only economists sell their souls for filthy lucre .
Recently we have had reports of medical doctors who , for money , have published in peer - reviewed journals concocted “ studies ” that hype this or that new medicine produced by pharmaceutical companies that paid for the “ studies . ”
The Council of Europe is investigating the drug companies ’ role in hyping a false swine flu pandemic in order to gain billions of dollars in sales of the vaccine .
The media helped the US military hype its recent Marja offensive in Afghanistan , describing Marja as a city of 80,000 under Taliban control .
It turns out that Marja is not urban but a collection of village farms .
And there is the global warming scandal , in which NGOs .
the UN , and the nuclear industry colluded in concocting a doomsday scenario in order to create profit in pollution .
Wherever one looks , truth has fallen to money .
Wherever money is insufficient to bury the truth , ignorance , propaganda , and short memories finish the job .
I remember when , following CIA director William Colby ’s testimony before the Church Committee in the mid-1970s , presidents Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan issued executive orders preventing the CIA and U.S. black - op groups from assassinating foreign leaders .
In 2010 the US Congress was told by Dennis Blair , head of national intelligence , that the US now assassinates its own citizens in addition to foreign leaders .
When Blair told the House Intelligence Committee that US citizens no longer needed to be arrested , charged , tried , and convicted of a capital crime , just murdered on suspicion alone of being a “ threat , ” he was n’t impeached .
No investigation pursued .
Nothing happened .
There was no Church Committee .
In the mid-1970s the CIA got into trouble for plots to kill Castro .
Today it is American citizens who are on the hit list .
Whatever objections there might be do n’t carry any weight .
No one in government is in any trouble over the assassination of U.S. citizens by the U.S. government .
As an economist , I am astonished that the American economics profession has no awareness whatsoever that the U.S. economy has been destroyed by the offshoring of U.S. GDP to overseas countries .
U.S. corporations , in pursuit of absolute advantage or lowest labor costs and maximum CEO “ performance bonuses , ” have moved the production of goods and services marketed to Americans to China , India , and elsewhere abroad .
When I read economists describe offshoring as free trade based on comparative advantage , I realize that there is no intelligence or integrity in the American economics profession .
Intelligence and integrity have been purchased by money .
The transnational or global U.S. corporations pay multi-million dollar compensation packages to top managers , who achieve these “ performance awards ” by replacing U.S. labor with foreign labor .
While Washington worries about “ the Muslim threat , ” Wall Street , U.S. corporations and “ free market ” shills destroy the U.S. economy and the prospects of tens of millions of Americans .
Americans , or most of them , have proved to be putty in the hands of the police state .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Americans have bought into the government ’s claim that security requires the suspension of civil liberties and accountable government .
Astonishingly , Americans , or most of them , believe that civil liberties , such as habeas corpus and due process , protect “ terrorists , ” and not themselves .
Many also believe that the Constitution is a tired old document that prevents government from exercising the kind of police state powers necessary to keep Americans safe and free .
Most Americans are unlikely to hear from anyone who would tell them any different .
I was associate editor and columnist for the Wall Street Journal .
I was Business Week ’s first outside columnist , a position I held for 15 years .
I was columnist for a decade for Scripps Howard News Service , carried in 300 newspapers .
I was a columnist for the Washington Times and for newspapers in France and Italy and for a magazine in Germany .
I was a contributor to the New York Times and a regular feature in the Los Angeles Times .
Today I cannot publish in , or appear on , the American “ mainstream media . ”
For the last six years I have been banned from the “ mainstream media . ”
My last column in the New York Times appeared in January , 2004 , coauthored with Democratic U.S. Senator Charles Schumer representing New York .
We addressed the offshoring of U.S. jobs .
Our op - ed article produced a conference at the Brookings Institution in Washington , D.C. and live coverage by C - Span .
A debate was launched .
No such thing could happen today .
For years I was a mainstay at the Washington Times , producing credibility for the Moony newspaper as a Business Week columnist , former Wall Street Journal editor , and former Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Treasury .
But when I began criticizing Bush ’s wars of aggression , the order came down to Mary Lou Forbes to cancel my column .
The American corporate media does not serve the truth .
It serves the government and the interest groups that empower the government .
America ’s fate was sealed when the public and the anti-war movement bought the government ’s 9/11 conspiracy theory .
The government ’s account of 9/11 is contradicted by much evidence .
Nevertheless , this defining event of our time , which has launched the US on interminable wars of aggression and a domestic police state , is a taboo topic for investigation in the media .
It is pointless to complain of war and a police state when one accepts the premise upon which they are based .
These trillion dollar wars have created financing problems for Washington ’s deficits and threaten the U.S. dollar ’s role as world reserve currency .
The wars and the pressure that the budget deficits put on the dollar ’s value have put Social Security and Medicare on the chopping block .
Former Goldman Sachs chairman and U.S. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson is after these protections for the elderly .
Fed chairman Bernanke is also after them .
The Republicans are after them as well .
These protections are called “ entitlements ” as if they are some sort of welfare that people have not paid for in payroll taxes all their working lives .
With over 21 per cent unemployment as measured by the methodology of 1980 , with American jobs , GDP , and technology having been given to China and India , with war being Washington ’s greatest commitment , with the dollar over - burdened with debt , with civil liberty sacrificed to the “ war on terror , ” the liberty and prosperity of the American people have been thrown into the trash bin of history .
The militarism of the U.S. and Israeli states , and Wall Street and corporate greed , will now run their course .
As the pen is censored and its might extinguished , I am signing off .
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 24 , 2010 at 3:32 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Maybe the devil is Prada ?
( Sorry . )
Rina Bovrisse , a manager in Japan who oversaw 500 employees in 50 stores , says that the CEO of Prada Japan , Davide Sesia , made her fire 13 employees he called " old , fat , ugly , disgusting or not having the Prada look . "
Another person who did n't have the " Prada Look " ?
Bovrisse herself :
Ms Bovrisse alleges that she herself was later summoned to a meeting and informed that Mr Sesia reportedly wanted her to " change her hairstyle , to lose weight " because he was " ashamed of Ms Bovrisse 's ugliness , so he does n't want visitors from Italy to see her " .
Advertisement
When Bovrisse complained to the Milan headquarters , she says , she was fired for bringing " negative energy " to the company .
News of the complaint was broken by the Japan Times , which also got a look at the court filings .
This is from Sesia 's testimony :
" I do n't want to mention ( Bovrisse's ) body shape , but Prada 's customers recognize value in Prada 's brand image and admiration toward Prada , and thus it goes without saying that it is desirable that customers looking at shop employees build admiration to wear Prada products just like Prada shop employees do ....
I thought it is necessary to ask Ms. Bovrisse , who supervises shop employees , to make efforts to be a role model , in order to avoid lowering shop employees ' morale . "
Advertisement
In an interview with the Japan Times , Bovrisse said , " My responsibility is to protect hard - working women and make sure their working environment is safe . "
As for Prada itself , it has issued the following statement :
‘ Besides underlining our serene position and our flat refusal of all the allegations put forward by Ms Bovrisse , we believe it is inappropriate to add any comment regarding this matter whilst the judgment is still pending .
After the court 's decision , we will be available to give full explanation about the matter . '
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It may just be a translation issue , but I for one am thrilled that they 're serene .
Like being skinny , beautiful , and appearing rich , it 's part of the Prada look .
Prada Accused Of Maltreatment [ Japan Times ]
Prada Ordered Manager To Get Rid OF
Old , Fat , And Ugly Staff [ Telegraph ]
Japan Prada Axes Ugly Staff [ Daily Mail ]
Prada Japan CEO Davide Sesia Demands That Manager Oust ' Old , Fat And Ugly ' Staff : Lawsuit [ NYDN ]
Speculation had been mounting that Google would pull out of China entirely since it said on Jan 12 that it had detected a sophisticated cyber attack on its computers , aimed at email accounts of Chinese human rights activists , Instead , the San Francisco - based company announced last night that it was closing its China - based search engine google.cn and began redirecting visitors to the Hong Kong - based google.com.hk
Twenty - five pro-life Catholic theologians and Evangelical leaders yesterday sent letters to members of Congress urging them not to let misleading information about abortion provisions in the Senate health care bill block passage of sorely - needed reform .
Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good , a Washington - based advocacy group , said that the Senate health bill upholds abortion funding restrictions and supports pregnant women .
The letter included a page by page analysis of the Senate bill as it pertains to abortion .
The group asked members of Congress “ to make an informed decision about this legislation based on careful deliberation guided by facts . ”
“ We believe that the provisions below provide extensive evidence that longstanding restrictions on federal funding of abortion have been maintained .
Furthermore , this bill provides new and important supports for vulnerable pregnant women , ” the letter states .
The complete text of the letter follows :
Dear Member of Congress ,
As Christians committed to a consistent ethic of life , and deeply concerned with the health and well - being of all people , we want to see health care reform enacted .
Our nation has a rare and historic opportunity to expand coverage to tens of millions of people , make coverage more affordable for all families , and crack down on many of the most harmful practices of the health insurance industry .
We are writing because of our concern about the lack of clear and accurate information regarding abortion provisions in the health care reform bill passed by the Senate on December 24 , 2009 .
Reforming our health care system is necessarily complex , and the provisions related to abortion , or any other issue , require careful examination of the facts as they exist in the legislative language .
We believe that the provisions below provide extensive evidence that longstanding restrictions on federal funding of abortion have been maintained .
Furthermore , this bill provides new and important supports for vulnerable pregnant women .
Following is a comprehensive factual listing of all provisions related to abortion and positive supports for pregnant women in HR 3590 , along with specific page references .
Abortion - Related Provisions Included in the Senate - Approved Health Care Reform Bill “ Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ” ( HR 3590 EAS / PP )
· Prohibits the Secretary of HHS from requiring the coverage of any abortion services as part of the essential health benefits for any qualified health plan offered in a state insurance Exchange ( pg. 2070 ) ;
· Allows the insurance company to decide whether or not to include coverage of abortion services , including the Hyde abortion exceptions , in a qualified health insurance plan offered in a state insurance Exchange ( pg. 2070 ) ;
· Prohibits insurance companies from using federal funds , including federal tax credits and cost - sharing assistance , to pay for abortion services except for those services allowable under the Hyde amendment ( pg. 2071 ) ;
· Requires an insurance company that chooses to offer a plan in a State Exchange with abortion coverage , beyond the Hyde abortion exceptions , to collect a separate second premium payment from each enrollee for the cost of the abortion coverage ( pgs. 2071-2072 & 2074-2075 ) ;
· Requires the insurance company to deposit all separate payments into a separate account that consists solely of abortion premium payments and that it is used exclusively to pay for such services ( pgs. 2072-2074 ) ;
· Requires the state health insurance commissioners to ensure that insurance companies comply with these requirements in accordance with guidance and accounting standards set by the Office of Management and Budget and the Government Accountability Office ( pg. 2075 ) ;
· Requires insurance companies that offer general abortion coverage as part of a qualified health plan to provide a notice of coverage in the summary of benefits and coverage explanation ( pg. 2076 ) ;
· Allows states to pass a law prohibiting the inclusion of abortion coverage in plans offered in a state health insurance Exchange ( pg. 2069 ) ;
· Requires the director of the Office of Public Management to ensure that there is at least one private , multi-state qualified health plan offered in each state insurance Exchange that does not provide coverage of abortion services beyond the Hyde exceptions ( pgs. 2087-2088 ) ;
· Prohibits insurance companies offering qualified health plans from discriminating against any individual health care provider or health care facility because of its unwillingness to provide , pay for , provide coverage of , or refer for abortions ( pg. 2076 ) ;
· Prohibits the preemption of state laws regarding abortion ( pg. 2077 ) ;
· Maintains current Federal laws relative to conscience protection ; willingness or refusal to provide abortion ; and discrimination on the basis of the willingness or refusal to provide , pay for , cover , or refer for abortion or to provide or participate in training to provide abortion ( pg. 2077 ) ;
· Establishes and provides $ 250 million for programs to support vulnerable pregnant women ( pgs. 2170 - 2173 ) ; and
· Increases the adoption tax credit and makes it refundable so that lower income families can access the tax credit ( pgs 2400 - 2407 ) .
We are now at a critical moment in the history of our country .
More than 30 million Americans may finally gain access to a health care system that is affordable -- providing families , children and seniors with fundamental care that is essential to human dignity .
We respectfully ask that you make an informed decision about this legislation based on careful deliberation guided by facts .
Sincerely ,
Morna Murray
President
Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good
Ron Sider
President
Evangelicals for Social Action
Rev. Jim Wallis
President and CEO
Sojourners
Stephen F. Schneck
Director , Institute for Policy Research & Catholic Studies
The Catholic University of America
Joel Hunter
Senior Pastor
Northland Church
Dr. David P. Gushee
Chair
New Evangelical Partnership for the Common Good
David O’Brien
Professor of Faith and Culture
University of Dayton
Francis Xavier Doyle
Former Associate General Secretary
U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops
Jean Stokan
Director
Institute Justice Team
Sisters of Mercy of the Americas
Lisa Cahill
Professor of Theology
Boston College
Bryan N. Massingale , S.T.D .
President , Catholic Theological Society of America
Associate Professor of Theology
Marquette University
David DeCosse
Director of Campus Ethics Programs
Markkula Center for Applied Ethics
Santa Clara University
Nicholas P. Cafardi
Dean Emeritus and Professor of Law
Duquesne University School of Law
Dennis M. Doyle
Religious Studies
University of Dayton
Terrence W. Tilley
Avery Cardinal Dulles , S.J. Professor of Catholic Theology
Chair , Theology Department
Fordham University
Richard Gaillardetz
Murray / Bacik Professor of Catholic Studies
University of Toledo
Vincent J. Miller
Professor
Department of Religious Studies
University of Dayton
Alex Mikulich
Research Fellow
Jesuit Social Research Institute
Loyola University
Sandra A. Yocum , Ph.D .
Chair of Religious Studies
University of Dayton
Rev. Dr. Cynthia L. Hale
Senior Pastor
Ray of Hope Christian Church , Decatur , GA
Dr. Barbara Williams Skinner
President
Skinner Leadership Institute
Cheryl Bridges Johns
Professor of Christian Formation & Discipleship
Pentecostal Theological Seminary
Brian McLaren
Author , Speaker and Founding Pastor
Cedar Ridge Community Church
Glen Stassen
Lewis B. Smedes Professor of Christian Ethics
Fuller Theological Seminary
Lisa Sharon Harper
Executive Director , NY Faith & Justice
Author , Evangelical Does Not Equal Republican ... or Democrat
January 26 , 1989
U.S. Data Since 1895 Fail To Show Warming Trend
By PHILIP SHABECOFF , Special to the New York Times
Correction Appended
After examining climate data extending back nearly 100 years , a team of Government scientists has concluded that there has been no significant change in average temperatures or rainfall in the United States over that entire period .
While the nation ’s weather in individual years or even for periods of years has been hotter or cooler and drier or wetter than in other periods , the new study shows that over the last century there has been no trend in one direction or another .
The study , made by scientists for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration was published in the current issue of Geophysical Research Letters .
It is based on temperature and precipitation readings taken at weather stations around the country from 1895 to 1987 .
Dr. Kirby Hanson , the meteorologist who led the study , said in a telephone interview that the findings concerning the United States do not necessarily ” cast doubt ” on previous findings of a worldwide trend toward warmer temperatures , nor do they have a bearing one way or another on the theory that a buildup of pollutants is acting like a greenhouse and causing global warming .
He said that the United States occupies only a small percentage of Earth ’s surface and that the new findings may be the result of regional variations .
Readings taken by other scientists have suggested a significant warming worldwide over the last 100 years .
Dr. James E. Hansen , director of National Aeronautic and Space Administration ’s Institute for Space Studies in Manhattan , has reported that average global temperatures have risen by nearly 1 degree Fahrenheit in this century and that the average temperatures in the 1980 ’s are the highest on record .
Dr. Hansen and other scientists have said that that there is a high degree of probability that this warming trend is associated with the atmospheric buildup of carbon dioxide and other industrial gases that absorb and retain radiation .
But other scientists , while agreeing with this basic theory of a greenhouse effect , say there is no convincing evidence that a pollution - induced warming has already begun .
Dr. Michael E. Schlesinger , an atmospheric scientist at Oregon State University who studies climate models , said there is no inconsistency between the data presented by the NOAA team and the greenhouse theory .
But he said he regarded the new data as inconsistent with assumptions that such an effect is already detectable .
More Droughts Predicted
Many of the computer models that predict global warming also predict that certain areas , including the Midwest in the United States , would suffer more frequent droughts .
Dr. Hanson of NOAA said today that the new study does not in any way contradict the findings reported by the NASA scientists and others .
He said that his study , in which he was joined by George A. Maul and Thomas A. Karl , also of NOAA , looked at only the 48 contiguous states .
Dr. Hanson said that global warming caused by the greenhouse effect might have been countered by some cooling phenomenon that has not yet been identified and that the readings in his study recorded the net effect .
” We have to be careful about interpreting things like this , ” he said .
What About Urbanization ?
One aspect of the study that Dr. Hanson said was interesting was the finding that the urbanization of the United States has apparently not had a statistically significant effect on average temperature readings .
A number of scientists have theorized that the replacement of forests and pastures by asphalt streets and concrete buildings , which retain heat , is an important cause of rising temperatures .
Dr. Hansen of NASA said today that he had ” no quarrel ” with the findings in the new study .
He noted that the United States covered only 1.5 percent of Earth .
” If you have only one degree warming on a global average , how much do you get at random ” when taking measurements in such a relatively small area , he asked rhetorically .
” We are just arguing now about whether the global warming effect is large enough to see , ” he added .
” It is not suprising we are not seeing it in a region that covers only 1.5 percent of the globe . ”
Dr. Hansen said there were several ways to look at the temperature readings for the United States , including as a ” statistical fluke . ”
Possibililty of Countereffects
Another possibility , he said , was that there were special conditions in the United States that would tend to offset a warming trend .
For example , industrial activity produces dust and other solid particles that help form liquid droplets in the atmosphere .
These droplets reflect radiation away from Earth and thus have a cooling influence .
Dr. Hansen suggested that at some point there could be a jump in temperature readings in the United States if the measurements in the new study were a statistical aberration or the result of atmospheric pollutants reflecting heat away from Earth .
He noted that anti-pollution efforts are reducing the amount of these particles and thus reducing the reflection of heat .
Several computer models have projected that the greenhouse effect would cause average global temperatures to rise between 3 and 8 degrees Fahrenheit in the next century .
But scientists concede that reactions set off by the warming trend itself could upset these predictions and produce unanticipated changes in climate patterns .
Legislative Action Sought
Coincidentally with the new report , legislation was introduced in the Senate today prescribing actions for addressing the threat of global warming .
Senator Al Gore , Democrat of Tennessee , introduced a bill that calls for creating a Council on World Environmental Policy to replace the White House ’s Council on Environmental Quality .
This change would emphasize the international aspects of environmental issues .
The bill would also require a ban on industrial chemicals that not only are depleting the atmosphere ’s ozone layer , which blocks harmful ultraviolet radiation , but are believed to be contributing to the warming trend .
It would also require stricter fuel - economy standards for automobiles to reduce the consumption of gasoline to reduce carbon dioxide .
Waiver , Release , and Assumption of Risk Form
This form is an important legal document .
It explains the assumption of any and all risks in deciding to follow the advice or insight from mystic healer Sonja Grace , who operates as an advising consultant through Sonja Grace Inc. , or any representative of that Company .
It is critical that you read and understand it completely .
After you have done so , please check the box that states you have read and agree to these terms .
Waiver , Informed Consent , and Covenant Not to Sue
I have volunteered to participate in a paid or unpaid session , clearing and healing , meditation retreat , workshop , or program with Sonja Grace and / or an advisor available through Sonja Grace Inc. , to include , but also may not be limited to , any and all services provided , such as energy healing , intuitive coaching , retreat and workshop attendance .
In consideration of Sonja Grace Inc. , agreement to instruct , assist , advise , or train me , I do here and forever release and discharge and hereby hold harmless the Company and its respective agents , heirs , assigns , contractors , and employees from any and all claims , demands , damages , rights of action or causes of action , present or future , arising out of or connected with my participation in a session or purchase or any program WITHOUT LIMITATION , WHICH MAY OCCUR AS A RESULT OF following advice tendered and released or training rendered or use of facilities during a session or event .
We recognize that in no way does any member of Sonja Grace Inc. provide legal , medical , or therapeutic advice and it is my responsibility to secure such advisement .
I acknowledge and agree that I assume the risks associated with any and all activities and / or programs in which I participate .
I acknowledge and agree that no warranties or representations have been made to me regarding the results I will achieve from any insight or program .
I understand that results are individual and may vary .
Refund Policy
All phone sessions are nonrefundable .
If you need to move your session to another date , please contact the office .
I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE THOROUGHLY READ THIS WAIVER AND RELEASE AND FULLY UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS A RELEASE OF LIABILITY .
BY CHECKING THE BOX THAT I AGREE WITH THIS DOCUMENT , I AM WAIVING ANY RIGHT I OR MY SUCCESSORS MIGHT HAVE TO BRING A LEGAL ACTION OR ASSERT A CLAIM AGAINST SONJA GRACE INC .
FOR NEGLIGENCE OR THAT OF HER EMPLOYEES , AGENTS , OR CONTRACTORS .
How to bypass your ISPs speed throttling of your Usenet connection
When we spoke to War Machine actor Don Cheadle a couple of weeks back , he told us that he did n't know if he was going to be in The Avengers movie or not -- and that in fact it did n't even have a script yet .
Well , that was then and this is now .
Marvel Comics editor - in - chief Joe Quesada has tweeted about the matter , confirming that screenwriter Zak Penn has just turned in his first draft for the film .
Specifically , here 's what he has to say : " Definition of ' goose bumps . '
Pressing enter and watching a screenplay entitled " AVENGERS " come out of my printer .
" Penn has worked on the stories for The Incredible Hulk , X2 , and X - Men : The Last Stand .
The Avengers is scheduled for release in the summer of 2012 , so do n't worry -- there 's still plenty of time for more drafts !
Police and troops have stepped up patrols in the area Nigerian police say 49 people are to be charged with murder after communal violence left scores of villagers dead .
Most of those facing charges are Muslims from the Fulani group , police spokesman Mohammed Lerama told the BBC .
The number of those arrested since the killings near the city of Jos has risen to 200 , he said .
Police say 109 people - thought to be mostly Christians - died in Sunday 's bloodshed .
Earlier reports put the toll at more than 500 .
' Burnt bodies '
The violence followed sectarian killings near Jos in January that left more than 300 dead , most of them believed to be Muslims .
They killed them , cut their bodies , put fire on them .
And the babies .
They killed all the children
Pepi , Eyewitness Plateau State , in central Nigeria , sits between the mainly Christian south and the predominantly Muslim north .
Although the violence takes place largely between Muslims and Christians , analysts say the underlying causes are economic and political .
A survivor in the village of Dogo Nahawa , near the city of Jos , told the BBC he heard his neighbours scream as they were attacked .
" I went to my neighbour 's house .
I saw all the wives , they killed them , cut their bodies , put fire on them .
And the babies .
They killed all the children , " Pepi said .
Gabriel , the community leader , said his five - year - old granddaughter had been hacked to death with a machete by Fulani - speaking men who had started shooting a heavy machine gun to scare the residents into the open .
" The shooting was so heavy that people were afraid .
People were running helter skelter because ... they had never heard something like this before .
[ They ] ran into them , and they were machete - ed . "
International pressure Officials say police and troops are patrolling the area to prevent further trouble .
Chief of police for Plateau State Ikechukwu Aduba said on Wednesday he had asked for extra help .
AT THE SCENE Komla Dumor
BBC News
Dogo - Nahawa
Days after the attacks the village is still a scene of devastation .
All around me there are houses that have been burned - they are blackened and charred .
The village is in shock - there is not a single person in this community who has not been affected .
The people are now beginning to take security into their own hands .
They are organising groups of young men and saying : " If the authorities cannot protect us , we have to protect ourselves . "
The geography of the plateau is flat and open - so access to villages like this is pretty much unimpeded .
So unless there is a very strong security presence , people feel very vulnerable .
" Our urgent patrol efforts after the incident ... have yielded good results , " he said .
" We have requested reinforcements , and have been reassured ... that reinforcement is on its way . "
However , international pressure is growing on the Nigerian government to take further action .
On Wednesday Pope Benedict XVI denounced the bloodshed as " atrocious " .
He urged civil and religious leaders " to work towards security and peaceful co-existence " .
The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions called on the Nigerian government to " move swiftly " to prevent further attacks .
Earlier , the governor of Plateau State , Jonah Jang , said security lapses had worsened the carnage in the three villages targeted .
He said he had warned the army about reports of suspicious people with weapons hours before they attacked , but they failed to take action .
" Three hours or so later , I was woken by a call that they [ armed gangs ] have started burning the village and people were being hacked to death , " Mr Jang said .
" I tried to locate the commanders .
I could n't get any of them on the telephone . "
Mercenaries Acting President Goodluck Jonathan has sacked the country 's national security adviser , Sarki Mukhtar , in an apparent response to the killings .
Jos violence : Q&A
But the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , said the villages should have been properly protected after the January killings .
The head of the northern area of Nigeria 's Christian Association has said he believed mercenaries were involved .
Saidu Dogo told the BBC that fighters from neighbouring Chad and Niger took part in the violence .
State information commissioner Gregory Yenlong said on Monday that more than 500 people were killed .
That figure was also given by religious leaders and rights activists .
But state police commissioner Ikechukwu Aduba says 109 people are known to have died .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most of the footage from the earthquake in Chile are in dark due to the power down .
In this case lights never went off so you can see the earthquake in his highest magnitude .
Sarah Palin talks with a supporter during her book signing of her new book ' Going Rogue ' at Barnes and Noble bookstore in Grand Rapids , Michigan November 18 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Sarah Palin -- reality TV star ?
The former Alaska governor is teaming with uber - producer Mark Burnett ( “ Survivor ” ) to shop a reality series about her home state , network sources confirm .
Palin and Burnett made the rounds at least three of the major broadcasters ( NBC , ABC and Fox ) while in Los Angeles for her taping of “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno ” this week .
Palin and her family would be on - camera in the show , which one executive described as “ ‘ Planet Earth ’ meets Alaska meets her family , ” referring to Discovery ’s high - definition nature hit .
“ There ’s an awful lot of interest in her , ” one executive said .
“ As a short - order series , it might work .
It would depend on what kind of footage you get . ”
Holy shit .
It makes me kind of sad that most of the real Star Wars fight scenes do not exploit the Force telekinesis as much as this brief scene did .
Spectacular work .
I 'm adding it to my video collection .
Visual attention
Watch clip : Directing Kismet 's attention ( get viewer )
To benefit communication and social learning , it is important that both robot and human find the same sorts of perceptual features interesting .
Otherwise there will be a mismatch between the sorts of stimuli and cues that humans use to direct the robot 's attention versus those that attract the robot 's attention .
For instance , if designed improperly it could prove to be very difficult to achieve joint reference with the robot .
Even if the human could learn what attracts the robot 's attention , this defeats the goal of allowing the person to use natural and intuitive cues .
Designing for the set of perceptual cues that human infants find salient allows us to implement an initial set that are evolutionary significant for humans .
Kismet 's attention system acts to direct computational and behavioral resources toward salient stimuli and to organize subsequent behavior around them .
In an environment suitably complex for interesting learning , perceptual processing will invariably result in many potential target stimuli .
Its critical that this be accomplished in real - time .
In order to determine where to assign resources , the attention system must incorporate raw sensory saliency with task - driven influences .
The attention system is shown below and is heavily inspired by the Guided Search v2.0 system of Wolfe .
Wolfe proposed this work as a model for human visual search behavior .
We have extended it to account for moving cameras , dynamically changing task - driven influences , and habituation effects .
The robot 's attention is determined by a combination of low - level perceptual stimuli .
The relative weightings of the stimuli are modulated by high - level behavior and motivational influences .
A sufficiently salient stimulus in any modality can pre-empt attention , similar to the human response to sudden motion .
All else being equal , larger objects are considered more salient than smaller ones .
The design is intended to keep the robot responsive to unexpected events , while avoiding making it a slave to every whim of its environment .
With this model , people intuitively provide the right cues to direct the robot's attention ( shake object , move closer , wave hand , etc. ) .
Displayed images were captured during a behavioral trial session .
The attention system is a two stage system .
The first stage is a pre-attentive , massively parallel stage that processes information about basic visual features ( i.e. , color , motion , depth cues , etc. ) across the entire visual field .
For Kismet , these bottom - up features include highly saturated color , motion , and colors representative of skin tone .
Watch clip : Kismet 's attention system ( get viewer )
The second stage is a limited capacity stage which performs other more complex operations , such as facial expression recognition , eye detection , or object identification , over a localized region of the visual field .
These limited capacity processes are deployed serially from location to location under attentional control .
This is guided by the properties of the visual stimuli processed by the first stage ( an exogenous contribution ) , by task - driven influences , and by habituation effects ( both are endogenous contributions ) .
The habituation influence provides Kismet with a primitive attention span .
For Kismet , the second stage includes an eye - detector that operates over the foveal image , and a target proximity estimator that operates on the stereo images of the two central wide field of view cameras .
All four factors influence the direction of Kismet 's gaze .
This in turn determines the robot 's subsequent perception , which ultimately feeds back to behavior .
Hence the robot is in a continuous cycle of behavior influencing what is perceived and perception influencing subsequent behavior .
Manipulating the robot's attention .
Images on the top row are from Kismet 's upper wide camera .
Images on the bottom summarize the contemporaneous state of the robot 's attention system .
Brightness in the lower image corresponds to salience ; rectangles correspond to regions of interest .
The thickest rectangles correspond to the robot 's locus of attention .
The robot 's motivation here is such that stimuli associated with faces and stimuli associated with toys are equally weighted .
In the first pair of images , the robot is attending to a face and engaging in mutual regard .
By shaking the colored block , its salience increases enough to cause a switch in the robot 's attention .
The third pair shows that the head tracks the toy as it moves , giving feedback to the human as to the robot 's locus of attention .
The eyes are also continually tracking the target more tightly than the neck does .
In the fourth pair , the robot 's attention switches back to the human 's face , which is tracked as it moves .
The effect of gain adjustment on looking preference : Circles correspond to fixation points , sampled at one second intervals .
On the left , the gain of the skin tone filter is higher .
The robot spends more time looking at the face in the scene ( 86 % face , 14 % block ) .
This bias occurs despite the fact that the face is dwarfed by the block in the visual scene .
On the right , the gain of the color saliency filter is higher .
The robot now spends more time looking at the brightly colored block ( 28 % face , 72 % block ) .
Other topics Kismet 's hardware Facial expression Ocular - motor control Low - level features Expressive speech Affective intent in speech Homeostatic regulation mechanisms
The behavior system Emotions
Hello , and welcome to the second part of [ “ Javascript : The Scope Pitfall ” ] ( https://zef.me/2843/javascript-the-scope-pitfall).
Let ’s get started , shall we ?
What does the following code print ?
~~~~~~~~~
var n = 0 ;
function add ( ) {
var m = n + 1 ;
print (m ) ;
}
add ( ) ;
~~~~~~~~~
That was easy , right ?
The answer , of course is ` 1` , because `0 + 1 == 1` .
Alright , a slight variation on the same example :
~~~~~~~~~
var n = 0 ;
function add2 ( ) {
var n = n + 1 ;
print (n ) ;
}
add2 ( ) ;
~~~~~~~~~
What does this print ?
If your answer is `NaN` ( not a number ) , you can stop reading .
If you think the answer is ` 1` ( as I did ) , read on .
What is happening here ?
In my previous post I explained that [ Javascript lifts variable declarations to the top of the function ] ( https://zef.me/2843/javascript-the-scope-pitfall).
So , this code is equivalent to :
~~~~~~~~~
var n = 0 ;
function add2 ( ) {
var n ;
n = n + 1 ;
print (n ) ;
}
add2 ( ) ;
~~~~~~~~~
It also turns out that when a previously undeclared variable ( in this scope ) is declared it is initialized to `undefined` .
So we get :
~~~~~~~~~
var n = 0 ;
function add2 ( ) {
var n = undefined ;
n = n + 1 ;
print (n ) ;
}
add2 ( ) ;
~~~~~~~~~
Any calculation involving `undefined` will return `NaN` , so naturally it will indeed print `NaN` .
You can rewrite the code a little bit to make it print ` 1` again :
~~~~~~~~~
var n = 0 ;
var oldN = n ;
function add3 ( ) {
var n = oldN + 1 ;
print (n ) ;
}
add3 ( ) ;
~~~~~~~~~
It took me a while to figure this one out , though , when I ran into it .
Just thought I would share .
* Never be too confident about price stability - Yergin
* Heavy - hitters from govt , industry to attend CERAweek
* Themes include demand recovery , climate change
HOUSTON , March 5 ( Reuters ) - Oil company executives should not get too complacent about how oil prices settled in the $ 70 - $ 80 a barrel range over the last several months as the economic recovery has yet to catch up , the head of consultancy IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates IHS.N warned ahead of the CERAWeek conference next week .
While crude appears to have found a sweet spot , the global recession has eroded demand for gasoline and diesel , and Washington wants to regulate the carbon - intensive energy industry ’s emissions .
And after two straight yearly declines in global oil demand took prices from their 2008 heights near $ 150 a barrel to about $ 32 in December 2008 before recovering to about $ 80 currently , sure signs of economic recovery that industry officials and government policy - makers crave are n’t quite there .
“ One lesson we ’ve learned about the oil price - never to be too confident about stability , ” said Daniel Yergin , chairman of IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates and author of the Pulitzer Prize - winning history of the oil industry , “ The Prize . ”
The symbiotic link between oil and the economy will dominate CERAWeek , the prestigious consultancy ’s annual go - to gathering of elite energy and economic figures and thinkers , which begins Monday in Houston .
Every year , CERA gathers top executives from the world ’s dominant energy players , from publicly traded and state - owned oil and gas companies , global oilfield services providers and major utilities to bankers , economists and government leaders .
This year 's gathering has a particularly international flair , with leaders of state oil giant Saudi Aramco [ SDABO.UL ] , Russia 's Gazprom GAZP.MM , Brazil 's Petrobras PETR4.SA and Norway's StatoilHydro STL.OLSTO.N .
Top executives for the third - largest U.S. oil company , ConocoPhillips COP.N and the largest U.S. refiner , Valero Energy Corp VLO.N , will also attend .
The lineup also includes the U.S. Secretary of Energy Steven Chu , assistant to President Barack Obama for economic policy Larry Summers and International Energy Agency Executive Director Nobuo Tanaka .
In the grips of a global recession , energy companies largely hunkered down , canceled or delayed projects , cut costs and fired thousands of employees .
Weak demand and anemic margins prompted some refiners to shutter plants .
But as oil prices crept up , deal flows began to thaw with well - heeled giants carefully choosing deals that boost reserves or capabilities .
Those include Exxon Mobil Corp's XOM .N $ 27 billion acquisition of onshore natural gas producer XTO Energy Inc XTO.N announced in December and oilfield services leader Schlumberger Ltd's SLB.
N announcement last month of plans to buy rival Smith International SII .N for $ 11 billion .
“ People have been feeling more confident about the price for a while now , and they feel they can go ahead , ” Yergin said .
Panel sessions and speeches throughout the conference will focus on prospects for further consolidation as oil majors struggle with boosting reserves ; how and where oil demand will grow , particularly in China and other emerging economies ; the future of demand for gasoline , diesel and other refined products ; and the future of unconventional natural gas given vast potential of U.S. shale plays .
U.S. climate change legislation , stalled in the shadow over healthcare reform gridlock , also will be a hot topic as the energy industry is in limbo , awaiting clarity on regulation and cost .
But even though economic recovery is in progress , demand in developed countries remains flat and unemployment in the United States , the world ’s largest energy consumer , remains at its highest in a quarter century .
Also , capital costs that skyrocketed alongside oil prices have not ebbed as much as expected , “ so that ’s a concern for a lot of the industry , ” Yergin said .
So oil prices near $ 80 a barrel reflect economic optimism and hope , Yergin said .
“ There ’s a gap between expectations and the current realities of supply and demand , ” he said .
“ This is not an oil price reflecting how big the spare capacity is , and how big the inventories are . ”
( Reporting by Kristen Hays ; Editing by Marguerita Choy )
​
The City of Melbourne is a key centre of Victoria ’s productivity and innovation .
As the city continues to grow and change we need to plan ahead to meet the needs of residents , businesses and visitors .
Top 10 Common Tax Filing Mistakes
Tax season is in high gear , and April 15 is creeping closer , April 30th for Canadian readers .
However , it ’s important to double check your tax return — even if it is prepared by someone else .
Anyone can make a mistake , and the information entered into a tax prep program is only as good as what you put in .
Before you hit “ send ” on your electronic filing , or before you put your paper return in an envelope , carefully check for these 10 common filing mistakes :
1. Social Security Number :
Double check the Social Security Numbers for you , your spouse and your dependents .
Everyone ’s numbers should be on the form , and they should all be correct .
Also , realize that multiple people can’t claim one dependent .
This is a common mistake among siblings who contribute to their parents ’ care .
2. Identification numbers :
If you plan to take a credit for child care or some other purpose , you will need the correct identification numbers .
This goes for the identification numbers of those you pay as part of a business you own .
3 . Filing status :
Make sure your filing status matches up with your spouse’s .
You ca n’t be married filing jointly , while your spouse marks that you are married filing separately .
You also need to make sure you have checked the right box if you are single , or filing as head of household .
And remember :
You can only have one filing status .
4. Address :
Is your address filled in correctly ?
I have to admit that I once transposed two numbers on my address .
Luckily , the nice people across the street who received my tax refund were kind enough to bring it by .
5. Financial institution :
If you are having your refund direct - deposited , make sure all of the information is correct .
This means you need to have your bank ’s routing number correctly entered , as well as your bank account number .
I ’m guilty of this mistake as well .
It took for - ev-er to get it all straightened out , and in the end I got a paper check anyway .
6. Unsigned return :
After putting it all together , there are a number of folks , according to the IRS , who neglect to sign the return .
If you owe money , this could actually result in interest penalties being assessed .
If you are married and filing jointly , your spouse needs to sign the return as well .
7. Undocumented deductions :
This is a biggie .
When you file a tax return — especially if you itemize — you need to have documentation to back up your deductions .
Charitable deductions need to be accompanied by receipts showing the date , amount and name of the non-profit .
You should also have documentation to back up deductions you take for medical expenses , property taxes , mortgage interest and business expenses .
8. Credits :
Double check your credits .
You should also do a rundown of new credits .
There are more than 300 changes to the tax code for 2009 taxes .
This means that you might eligible for some credits you do n’t even know about .
On the flip side , double check your eligibility for the tax credits you do take .
Many people claim credits they should n’t , and that can mean interest and penalties .
9 . Math :
Just like you had to double check your math in high school , it is a good idea to double check your math work on your tax return .
Math errors can lead to still greater errors later in your form .
Get out the calculator and make sure you ’ve added and subtracted properly .
10 .
Tax computation :
Go over your deductions sure have correctly added up your taxable income .
This is one of the mistakes that can cost you big , if you are n’t careful .
Then , when figuring your tax liability , make sure that you are in the right column of the tax table .
After you have determined your tax requirement , take a short break , and then look at the table again — just to be sure .
Your tax return is an important document , and it is easy to make mistakes .
Before submitting it in any form , look over the completed return and check for errors .
This applies even when a professional has prepared your return .
Do a check to make sure everything really is in order , and you will be more likely to avoid errors that could cost you in terms of time and money .
Recently : Doug Casey on Anarchy
L : Hi Doug , what ’s on your mind ?
Doug : Government bean counters .
Last week we spoke of the government treating citizens like cattle — well , it ’s now the season for the U.S. government cowboys to count up the herd .
I want to encourage a little civil disobedience .
L : Ah .
The census .
What did you do when they came a - knockin’ ?
Doug : Fortunately , since they started sending out the forms , I ’ve been in countries that are a little freer in that regard — Argentina and Uruguay .
To my knowledge , neither has a census , actually .
But I should start with an apology to readers of The Casey Report , because much of what I want to say is the substance of an article we just published in the current issue of that newsletter .
I feel a significant reluctance to diminish the exclusivity paying subscribers to The Casey Report should enjoy , but I think this may be more important than most people realize , and if I do n’t say anything now , it ’ll be too late for another ten years .
And there really are n’t any hot stock picks related to this topic , so I wo n’t be giving away any investments that TCR subscribers have paid to take advantage of .
So , I hope TCR subscribers will grace this with a little indulgence , and we can chalk this one up to good karma .
L : No harm , no foul .
Doug :
That ’s how I generally prefer to play the game …
Anyway , most everyone has a decision to make in the next little while .
Namely , whether they ’re going to cooperate with the census .
So I hope subscribers will let me skate on this one , for the greater common good .
L : Okay then .
But before we get into the why and how of non-cooperation with the census , do you happen to know what the penalty for non-compliance is ?
Doug : I did look that up , but I have to say that I ’m not a lawyer — thank God — and am not giving anyone any legal advice .
That said , it ’s my understanding that up until the last census in 2000 , there was a $ 100 fine for refusing to comply .
And I read that the last time the government prosecuted anyone was in 1960 , and then only two people were fined .
But this time around , they ’ve upped the ante and you ’re theoretically subject to a fine of up to $ 5,000 .
L : Maybe they are hoping people will refuse to comply in droves so they can fine them — it could be a back - handed way to try to make up for the budget shortfall .
Doug : [ Chuckles ]
Well , in the immortal words of Baby Bush , " Bring it on . "
But yes , as with any form of civil disobedience , there is always some risk involved .
For all I know , census takers have been asked to record their opinions of the attitudes they encounter .
If you seem particularly uncooperative , maybe they put you on a list .
But at this point , I really do n’t give a damn .
The NSA , among other agencies , is well known to have giant buildings full of computers tapping and recording all sorts of electronic communications ; they probably already monitor your emails and telephone calls with an eye to whether you have an attitude problem .
It ’s probably not even possible to count all the lists you might be on , similar to , but less obvious than , the TSA ’s infamous " no - fly " list .
Everyone is probably on a bunch of lists already , so one more likely wo n’t matter .
L : It occurs to me , Doug , that there ’s actually a valuable service you provide to our readers that they may not be aware of : you ’re our coal mine canary .
As outspoken as you are , if you can keep flying in and out of the country interacting with officialdom as you go , and not be arrested , I figure the rest of us lower - profile troublemakers are pretty safe .
Once they arrest you at the border for making a joke or resisting a grope , we ’d better all watch out .
Doug :
That thought has crossed my mind , but if it ’s so , it only underlines how incompetent these people are .
I ’m happy , but more than a little shocked , to say that I ’ve never had any trouble with any of these agencies .
L : [ Laughs ]
I ’m not superstitious , my friend , but you ’d better knock on wood .
Doug : [ Laughs ]
Yes , speak of the devil … and he might appear .
But when you reach a certain stage in life , you should basically imitate Admiral Dewey : " Damn the torpedoes — full speed ahead . "
It ’s just not worth the damage to my ego to be intimidated by these bastards .
Gotta go for the gusto .
On the other hand , spending most of my time out of the U.S. as I do , perhaps it ’s just a case of " out of sight , out of mind . "
L : Perhaps so , but you ’d think that if they ’re actually doing anything with all these lists they ’re building , these conversations would get you on them .
Doug :
Well , just the other night I was talking with a friend of mine who used to work for one of the most nefarious of these agencies , and he was telling me about the truly gargantuan piles of data the U.S. government is accumulating on… everybody .
And actually this problem could be its own solution , because the more they bury themselves in information , the less they know what to do with it .
A thimble of information is something they can digest , an ocean drowns them .
L : That makes sense , for now , but I wonder if it ’s a bit naïve , in the face of the accelerating pace of technological change .
Moore ’s Law .
They may not be able to crunch all that data now , but as computers get ever faster and more sophisticated , there will come a day when every single bit of information the U.S. government has in all its files today will be a triviality to sort through in seconds .
If that .
Doug :
You may be right .
But if so , that only highlights the importance of dragging your feet when it comes to ever - increasing demands for information from the state .
L : Okay then , but what about the Constitution ?
As an anarchist , I know you do n’t necessarily consider yourself bound by it , but does it matter to you at all that the census actually is one of the things the Constitution gives the U.S. government the legal authority to do ?
Doug :
Well , first , legal authority is not moral authority .
Second , the part of the Constitution that ’s important to me is the Bill of Rights , which actually protects the citizens against the government .
The rest of it is pretty much minutiae about who gets to be president of the senate , how electoral districts should be gerrymandered , etc .
L : Hm .
I rather like the bit in Article One , Section 8 , that states that all powers not specifically given to the federal government in the Constitution are reserved to the states and the people .
That ’s the part that says that the federal government has no authority to require people to buy medical insurance , or any of the host of other things they do in blatant disregard of the Constitution .
Doug :
Well , they overlook absolutely anything that ’s inconvenient — like the part that says only gold and silver are to be used as money , or only the Congress can declare a war , and a dozen other important things .
And the Bill of Rights is a dead letter .
We ’ll have to do one of these conversations deconstructing the document some day .
In any event , they only observe the trivia , basically Robert ’s Rules of Order stuff , about how they run Congress .
The census falls in that category .
It ’s now as if the Constitution was about nothing other than how many angels can dance on the head of a pin — as meaningless as it is useless .
L : In a way , this gets back to what we were saying last week about supposedly necessary evils .
There ’s no moral argument for compliance , but simply a practical need on the part of the government .
The writers of the Constitution figured the government would need to know how many people there were , in order to know how many representatives they should have in Congress , etc .
Doug : Yes .
And — not to go along with any necessary evils — but if all they did was come to my door and ask me how many people lived in my house , so they could follow their silly rules about how many representatives can dance on the head of a voter , I could live with that .
But that ’s not all there is to it — it ’s gone far beyond that , and participation can be to your detriment .
In the 2000 census , about one in six households were asked to fill out the " long form , " which asked all sorts of intrusive questions about your education , the number of bathrooms you had , your income , etc .
None of that ’s in the Constitution .
This time they ’ve limited it to a simpler set of questions , but with no more justification and no less danger to the respondee .
Only a fool voluntarily gives any government any more information than it can extract on its own .
They talk about how this information will help your community , and it ’s your duty , etc. , but you should never confuse the state with a friend .
Remember your Miranda rights ; any information you give can and will be used against you .
My suggestion is that people , at most , tell them how many people live in the house , and then politely , but firmly , shut the door .
L : I wonder how many lists that would get you on : " Three . " SLAM !!
Doug :
Or you could do what Christopher Walken did in that YouTube skit that ’s going u2018round .
L : That looks fun , if you have the time .
But why bother ?
Some people may ask why you ’re making such a fuss over such a small thing .
So , they ask you your income or ethnicity — other forms ask for that same sort of information all the time , so the government has it already .
What ’s the big deal ?
Doug :
The big deal is that that data can be abused by those in power .
Under the law , the census bureau is not supposed to share any individual ’s data with any other part of the government .
But as far as those in government are usually concerned , laws are for the little people , not them .
The most infamous example of an egregious violation of this law and the principle of privacy it stood for was when , in the 1940s , Roosevelt had the Census Bureau turn over data on where people of Japanese descent lived .
That , of course , was used to round them up and send them to concentration camps , without even so much as accusing any of them of crimes , let alone finding any of them guilty of stealing lunch money , let alone treason .
That was 70 years ago , and now the government is much less ethically constrained than it was back then .
Remember Guantanamo Bay .
And the fact that , after 9/11 , the government used census data to locate Arab - Americans .
It ’s hard to say how they ’ll use the data in the future , but it pays to remember that Big Brother is not your friend .
And while it may seem that the census is less onerous , with the abandonment of the " long form , " it ’s actually worse , since it now has been expanded to include an annual " community survey . "
A supposedly randomly selected percentage of the population is going to get these things every year , and they are going to be asked extremely detailed questions .
So do n’t be put at your ease by the appearance of only being asked name , rank , and serial number this time .
It ’s getting worse , not better .
And given the abuses we ’ve already seen of this supposedly confidential data , from your point of view as an individual citizen , it serves no useful purpose to comply .
L : So , you ’re not just being an ornery curmudgeon , you ’re looking out for readers .
Doug : Sure .
You know , if we lived in a different type of culture , one in which individual rights and the rule of law were actually respected , I ’d probably go along with it .
Sure , why not , if it ’s helpful to a more smoothly functioning society ?
My natural inclination is to be as agreeable as I can .
But we do n’t live in such a society .
We live in a culture that regards me and everyone who produces above - average income as being a beast of burden .
So , no , I do n’t feel like cooperating at all — why should I help them to drain my own blood ?
L : I ’m reminded of a story Heinlein told in one of his books .
A man and a horse are having trouble with a wolf .
So the man tells the horse : " Look , you ’re faster than me , but I have a spear .
Let me ride you , and together we ’ll catch and kill the wolf . "
The horse agrees to the temporary arrangement and the wolf is dispatched .
The horse says to the man , " You can get off now . "
The man replies : " Hah ! Giddyup ! ! "
Doug : [ Chuckles ]
Or the one about the scorpion and the bullfrog .
If you put your head willingly in the information noose , and it draws tight , the mirror is the first place to look when you ask who ’s to blame .
L : Okay , got it .
You said there were no specific investment implications of this , but is this part of the broader social trends you ’re following that inform your decision - making as an investor ?
Doug :
Well , the government is apparently spending some $ 14 billion on the census this time around .
That ’s not even a rounding error on all that they ’re spending this year , but it is a lot of money .
It ’s about $ 40 per person in the country , or $ 140 per family .
I ’m sure most families would rather have $ 140 than have to waste time answering a bunch of nosy questions .
But that ’s neither here nor there — the point is that this extravagance is yet more evidence of the government being completely on tilt .
L : I recall reading that the government has hired something like three times as many census takers as they did last time — but the population has n’t increased three - fold .
Looks to me like a blatant attempt to bribe unskilled labor with easy , unnecessary jobs for the sake of more votes .
Doug : I heard that too , and I wondered where they found all these people .
Must be the chronically unemployed — the same sort of lowlifes they populated the TSA with .
I also read that the census jobs cut the unemployment rate by about a half a percent — not that I trust the government ’s employment figures in the least .
This sort of desperate , pathetic attempt to hide the elephant in the room is strong evidence in favor of the kind of trends we ’ve been betting on in The Casey Report .
The U.S. government is still bent on " stimulating " people back into patterns of consumption that are simply unsustainable .
That ’s because they still think that the economy is driven by confidence , not production of value .
This pretend confidence they are instigating can blow away like a pile of leaves in a hurricane — and that ’s exactly what ’s going to happen .
We ’ll be ready for that — both in terms of protecting our assets and benefiting from the predictable consequences of the collapse of confidence .
L : Very well then .
A public service announcement from Doug " Thoreau " Casey .
Thank you very much .
Doug :
My pleasure .
Till next week .
Doug and the other editors of The Casey Report tell it like it is — so you can see what ’s coming .
The government meddling in all sectors of the economy … systematic dollar devaluation … the state and fate of other countries around the globe … and the investment implications that can make or break your future wealth acquisition .
Learn all about how to recognize the next big trend and profit while others lose ; click here for more .
The Best of Doug Casey
Portugal 's Constitutional Court has OK'd a gay marriage bill approved by lawmakers , Portugal 's IOL Diario reported .
President Anibal Cavaco Silva said he forwarded four out of five of the bill 's articles to the Constitutional Court because “ he had doubts about its constitutionality . ”
The excluded article bans adoption by married gay and lesbian couples .
Cavaco Silva , a Roman Catholic and a member of the PSD party , groups which oppose the legalization of gay marriage , has remained mum on why he set aside the adoption measure .
In an opinion released Thursday and written by Justice Victor Gomes , the court 's majority agreed the bill is constitutional .
Two judges disagreed .
Portugal 's Socialist - controlled Parliament , led by Prime Minister Jose Socrates , approved the gay marriage bill on February 11 .
The president still has the option of vetoing the legislation , but Socrates has said he is prepared to overturn the veto .
The Vatican has vociferously opposed laws that grant gay couples the right to marry .
Pope Benedict has called for the ouster of Socialists in Spain who approved a gay marriage law in 2005 , but the church 's opposition in the Catholic stronghold of Portugal has been muted .
However , Benedict is widely expected to criticize the bill when he visits Portugal next month .
If approved , Portugal would join five European countries – Spain , Belgium , the Netherlands , Norway and , most recently , Sweden – in legalizing gay marriage .
Is a happy life filled with trivial chatter or reflective and profound conversations ?
Psychological scientists Matthias R. Mehl , Shannon E. Holleran , and C. Shelby Clark from the University of Arizona , along with Simine Vazire of Washington University in St. Louis investigated whether happy and unhappy people differ in the types of conversations they tend to engage in .
Volunteers wore an unobtrusive recording device called the Electronically Activated Recorder ( EAR ) over four days .
This device periodically records snippets of sounds as participants go about their lives .
For this experiment , the EAR sampled 30 seconds of sounds every 12.5 minutes yielding a total of more than 20,000 recordings .
Researchers then listened to the recordings and identified the conversations as trivial small talk or substantive discussions .
In addition , the volunteers completed personality and well - being assessments .
As reported in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , analysis of the recordings revealed some very interesting findings .
Greater well - being was related to spending less time alone and more time talking to others :
The happiest participants spent 25 % less time alone and 70 % more time talking than the unhappiest participants .
In addition to the difference in the amount of social interactions happy and unhappy people had , there was also a difference in the types of conversations they took part in :
The happiest participants had twice as many substantive conversations and one third as much small talk as the unhappiest participants .
These findings suggest that the happy life is social and conversationally deep rather than solitary and superficial .
The researchers surmise that -- though the current findings cannot identify the causal direction -- deep conversations may have the potential to make people happier .
They note , " Just as self - disclosure can instill a sense of intimacy in a relationship , deep conversations may instill a sense of meaning in the interaction partners . "
Quotation Details
Quotation # 34634 from Contributed Quotations :
An American Monkey after getting drunk on Brandy would never touch it again , and thus is much wiser than most men .
Charles Darwin
English biologist ( 1809 - 1882 )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
© Bettmann / Corbis
In Ristretto , Oliver Strand , the curator of the Times Topics coffee page , explores the world of coffee gadgets , coffee beans and why it ’s never been easier to get a perfect shot of espresso .
I just came back from Paris , a city where the cafes are as central to daily life as running water and perfectly knotted scarves .
And yet the coffee is almost always disappointing .
I want to put it in stronger terms , but I ’ll leave it to Duane Sorenson of Stumptown Coffee Roasters , who once asked me : “ Why does the coffee in Paris suck so bad ? ”
Why , indeed ?
Maybe it ’s because Paris cafes do all the little things wrong : old beans , over - roasted beans , second - rate machines .
Coffee is ground in batches , not to order .
Ask for a café crème or noisette and out comes a box of U.H.T. milk , a shelf - stable dairy product .
Even the venerable Cafés Verlet ( 256 rue Saint - Honoré , 011-33-01-42-606-739 ) ignores a basic rule and keeps roasted beans sitting around in open barrels .
The composition of most espresso blends does n’t help things .
James Freeman of Blue Bottle Coffee often points out that the French have a taste for robusta , a low - cost , low - quality bean that gives good crema but can taste thin and harsh .
Or , to paraphrase a conversation I had with Corby Kummer , drinking robusta is like putting balsa wood in your mouth .
It ’s a vivid image .
No wonder some feel that the best coffee in Paris is Italian .
Though there ’s another side to the argument .
I spoke to Michael McCauley , the master roaster and bean buyer for the French coffee giant Cafés Richard , and yes , robusta is big : he told me that many espresso blends are about 25 percent robusta , down from about 35 percent a few decades ago .
Cafés Richard ’s leading blend is about 20 percent robusta , though some all - Arabica espressos are gaining in popularity .
And McCauley put French coffee into context .
“ The shots here are longer , because that ’s what people like , ” he said .
“ The flavors are different .
The experience is different .
A bowl of café au lait is n’t trying to be a cappuccino . ”
Fair enough .
Besides , the point of a Parisian cafe is n’t really the coffee .
It ’s the ceremony and the people - watching , or at least it is at a regal establishment like le Rostand ( 6 Place Edmond Rostand , 011-33-01-43-546-158 ) , where rows of wicker chairs colonize the sidewalk across the street from the Jardin du Luxembourg .
Sometimes it ’s that impossible - to - pin - down cool factor .
There ’s a type of neighborhood cafe that changes nothing — not ownership , not décor — and for some reason is anointed with a fashionable following .
Recently , a friend took me to Sans Souci ( 65 rue Jean - Baptiste Pigalle , 011-33-01-48-743-728 ) , which is in a groovy area just below Place Pigalle that ’s all guitar shops and brothels .
It ’s indistinguishable from the cafe across the street and yet has become a social HQ for the kind of young , bookish , flirty Parisians who make smoking still seem sexy .
But the coffee ?
It sucks so bad .
On this last trip , I went to one coffee place worth visiting .
And it ’s the same place several coffee nuts told me to go to , from James Hoffmann of Square Mile Coffee Roasters to Nicholas Cho of Wrecking Ball Coffee Roasters .
Even New Numbers , a Brooklyn band , pointed me there in 140 characters or less via Twitter .
( They threw in a twitpic , too . )
It ’s La Caféothèque ( 52 rue de l ’Hôtel de Ville , 011-33-01-53-018-384 ) , and it ’s delightful .
Nicolas Clerc
It does n’t look anything like a French cafe ( no tables outside ) or an American coffee bar ( no visible tattoos ) .
Actually , it feels less like a coffee shop than a candle shop , and it ’s so homey , so disarming , it takes a moment to register that it ’s for purists : single - origin espresso drinks only , made with direct - trade beans roasted in - house .
The espresso changes daily .
There ’s a pipsqueak three - kilo roaster in the front and a coffee bar in the back .
Whole beans are available for sale , about 20 varieties at any given time .
( I ’ll quickly clear up a confusion among the coffee cognoscenti : La Caféothèque is the same thing as Soluna - Cafés — La Caféothèque is the store and the cafe , Soluna - Cafés is the roaster and brand of coffee beans . )
La Caféothèque was started in 2005 by Gloria Montenegro de Chirouze , the former Guatemalan ambassador to France .
She runs it like a country inn : she dotes on her customers , she chats in multiple languages , she smiles .
All the baristas smile .
And all the baristas take their job seriously , which is maybe what sets it apart from the other cafes in Paris — they pay attention to the espresso , they steam milk with some artistry and flair .
It stands out in a city where most work a coffee machine with the slack enthusiasm of a 19th - century laborer .
The strangest thing is that Parisians do n’t seem to care .
McCauley of Cafés Richard thinks because coffee is everywhere , it ’s become “ a given , ” and taken for granted , though he feels things are improving .
Montenegro de Chirouze put it less diplomatically .
“ The French have an analytical palate , but they have n’t been exposed to good coffee , ” she said .
“ Once I brought some very nice coffee from Guatemala to the coffee importer in Le Havre and made them try some .
They said it was too good for the French . ”
Supposed Nintendo 3DS Details Emerge
The new hardware will include some sort of 3D stick and rumble functionality , according to Nikkei -- the outlet that brought us the first details on the Nintendo DSi and DSi XL , details Nintendo dismissed and downplayed before their subsequent confirmation .
Other details from Nikkei include expectations of screens smaller than 4 inches -- the Nintendo DSi LL / XL's are 4.2 " each , the Nintendo DSi's 3.25 " and the DS Lite 's 3 " -- plus the oft - rumored tilt - sensitive accelerometer , improved battery life , and faster wireless .
Meanwhile , Yomiuri Shimbun writes " it is believed that the system will use a Sharp 3D LCD panel . "
Reportedly , it features a filter on top of the screen that causes left and right eyes to perceive a slightly different image , thus producing the promised 3D effects .
Rumors regarding so - called Nintendo DS2 hardware previously claimed that development kits were already in the hands of various studios , something Mainichi Shimbun seemingly corroborates with word that multiple developers have been briefed on the hardware and will have software available when the Nintendo 3DS launches .
Those same rumors also claimed that the new hardware was " similar in power to the GameCube , " a detail that these new reports apparently did n't touch upon .
Additional insight on the technologies behind the Nintendo 3DS emerged via glasses - free 3D company Magnetic 3D , with CEO Tom Zerega telling Shacknews :
It will be interesting to see the price point of the 3DS , as glasses - free 3D display technologies often feature additional filters or lenses to create the 3D effect , as well as additional processing powering and robust graphics engines to render glasses - free 3D media .
In addition to a potentially higher price tag due to elevated hardware costs on the handheld itself , there are also special considerations with respect to the production costs of developing glasses - free 3D games .
Whether new titles are created from the ground up entirely in 3D or older titles are retooled to fit the new format , there will undoubtedly be additional production costs such as those typical in producing 3D films .
Similar to the dilemma the movie studios are facing with a lack of 3D capable cinemas , there will need to be enough 3D - enabled handheld devices in the market to justify the added production costs of developing 3D games , but before that can happen , Nintendo will need to ensure that their handheld solution provides the quality 3D experience that players will expect from Nintendo at a price point that encourages adoption .
According to Nintendo , the Nintendo 3DS is to launch before the end of March 2011 -- Nikkei reports that it 's targeted to hit Japan within the latter half of 2010 -- and will be backwards compatible with Nintendo DS and DSi software .
More details are expected around June 15 , 2010 as Nintendo will be showing off the new hardware at E3 2010 .
Tenhou Documentation
Here 's documentation on the popular online mahjong client ' Tenhou ' ( 天鳳 ) .
What with the entire website and client being in Japanese , English documentation would be pretty useful to novices .
Though this does n't teach mahjong in itself , it should explain Tenhou inside out for the end user .
Email for typos , dead links , errors , complaints and such .
If you are interested in how Tenhou works , you probably want my Tenhou Protocol Documentation , which echoes some of the content here from a more technical viewpoint ( for anybody interested in implementing a version of Tenhou themselves , the documentation is real helpful ) .
There are also some tools and such to have a look at .
This documentation is split up into various files for different topics .
That 's basically to make it more straightforward to navigate and write .
Initial dates of writing are at the top of pages , while the most recent modification dates are at the bottom .
Lots of stuff in this was translated or explained to me by people on #mahjong / Rizon .
Blame them for this too .
Direct contributions noted also .
This does n't cover how to play riichi mahjong , only how to use the online client Tenhou .
See Other Resources for a list of tutorials and links relative to learning .
I 'm always working on this , while it might not be so apparent .
See the ChangeLog for all edits done , and TODO for stuff that I plan on doing .
Please also note that this documentation and resources are all under an Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike license .
2014-01-09 — Japanese mahjong wiki announcement
Thanks to the great work of the guys from IRC , there is now a growing wealth of information contained in the Japanese mahjong wiki .
Feel free to join the effort !
For today 's post , I thought it would be fun to build a little interface to my blog , Re : Factor .
In addition , you can use this to easily ...
A Burbank middle school teacher has been arrested for allegedly having unlawful sex with one of her students , police said Tuesday .
Amy Beck , 33 , surrendered at the Burbank Police Department headquarters Monday and was booked on suspicion of lewd and lascivious acts with a child of 14 or 15 .
She was apparently overcome by guilt , Burbank police officials said .
Burbank police investigators allege that Beck , a teacher at David Starr Jordan Middle School , had a relationship with one of her male students from March to September 2009 .
The boy was 14 at the time , said department spokesman Keith Sterling .
Beck was being held on $ 400,000 bail and was scheduled to be arraigned Wednesday in Superior Court in Burbank .
Police said the investigation is continuing and anyone with information is urged to call Det. Wally Schilling at ( 818 ) 238-3254 .
[ Updated at 4:03 p.m. : Prosecutors charged the middle school teacher Tuesday afternoon with five counts , including four counts of unlawful sex with a person under 16 and one count of oral copulation with a person under 16 .
If convicted on all counts , she faces up a maximum sentence of up to seven years in state prison .
Prosecutors asked that bail for Beck be set at $ 175,000 . ]
-- Andrew Blankstein
Photo : Jordan Middle School sixth - grade teacher Amy Beck joined her colleagues in togas for the celebration of annual Greek Day in April 2009 .
Credit : Scott Smeltzer / Glendale News - Press
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Jewelry heist at Four Seasons Hotel might be tied to series of downtown hotel burglaries
Convicted killer Rodney Alcala plays ' Alice 's Restaurant ' before asking jury to spare his life
Armed man shot in Bell by L.A. County sheriff 's deputies
U.S. Department of Education 's Office for Civil Rights targets L.A. Unified for investigation
Ten Waterford Crystal employees who have seen more than € 2.5 m of their pension funds wiped out following the firm 's collapse are to attempt to sue the state .
The workers claim the Government failed in its duty under European Law to better protect their pension entitlements .
BlizzConline
Save the date and get ready to join us online February 19 - 20 !
The hypothesis of a Hierarchy of the Sciences with physical sciences at the top , social sciences at the bottom , and biological sciences in - between is nearly 200 years old .
This order is intuitive and reflected in many features of academic life , but whether it reflects the “ hardness ” of scientific research — i.e. , the extent to which research questions and results are determined by data and theories as opposed to non-cognitive factors — is controversial .
This study analysed 2434 papers published in all disciplines and that declared to have tested a hypothesis .
It was determined how many papers reported a “ positive ” ( full or partial ) or “ negative ” support for the tested hypothesis .
If the hierarchy hypothesis is correct , then researchers in “ softer ” sciences should have fewer constraints to their conscious and unconscious biases , and therefore report more positive outcomes .
Results confirmed the predictions at all levels considered : discipline , domain and methodology broadly defined .
Controlling for observed differences between pure and applied disciplines , and between papers testing one or several hypotheses , the odds of reporting a positive result were around 5 times higher among papers in the disciplines of Psychology and Psychiatry and Economics and Business compared to Space Science , 2.3 times higher in the domain of social sciences compared to the physical sciences , and 3.4 times higher in studies applying behavioural and social methodologies on people compared to physical and chemical studies on non-biological material .
In all comparisons , biological studies had intermediate values .
These results suggest that the nature of hypotheses tested and the logical and methodological rigour employed to test them vary systematically across disciplines and fields , depending on the complexity of the subject matter and possibly other factors ( e.g. , a field 's level of historical and / or intellectual development ) .
On the other hand , these results support the scientific status of the social sciences against claims that they are completely subjective , by showing that , when they adopt a scientific approach to discovery , they differ from the natural sciences only by a matter of degree .
Introduction
Although it is still controversial , the idea of a Hierarchy of the Sciences is nearly 200 years old [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] .
Philosopher and historian of science August Comte ( 1798 –1857 ) first suggested that scientific disciplines differed systematically in the complexity and generality of their subject of study , in the precision with which these subjects are known , and in their level of intellectual and historical development .
Comte hypothesised a rank order in which what he called “ celestial physics ” ( astronomy ) preceded “ terrestrial physics ” ( physics and chemistry ) , followed by “ organic physics ” ( biology ) and “ social physics ” ( which he later renamed sociology ) [ 1 ] , [ 4 ] .
Comte believed that sociology was the queen of all disciplines and the ultimate goal of all research , but also the most complex and least developed of the sciences [ 4 ] .
Similar ideas have been proposed by contemporaries of Comte ( e.g. William Whewell [ 5 ] ) and by modern philosophers and sociologists of science who , for example , have distinguished between “ hard ” and “ soft ” sciences [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , different levels of “ empiricism ” [ 8 ] , different levels of “ codification ” [ 9 ] , “ pre- and post - paradigmatic ” sciences [ 10 ] , and argued that fields of research differ in the level of agreement on a single set of theories and methodologies [ 10 ] , the rigour with which data is related to theory [ 7 ] , the extent to which the choice of problems and decisions made in solving problems are based upon cognitive as opposed to non-cognitive criteria [ 11 ] , the level of “ consensus on the significance of new knowledge and the continuing relevance of old ” [ 9 ] , their explanatory success [ 12 ] .
These scholars did not always endorse the exact same definitions and hierarchies , but they all shared an intuition that here we will summarize as follows : in some fields of research ( which we will henceforth indicate as “ harder ” ) data and theories speak more for themselves , whereas in other fields ( the “ softer ” ) sociological and psychological factors – for example , scientists ' prestige within the community , their political beliefs , their aesthetic preferences , and all other non-cognitive factors – play a greater role in all decisions made in research , from which hypothesis should be tested to how data should be collected , analyzed , interpreted and compared to previous studies .
The hypothesised Hierarchy of the Sciences ( henceforth HoS ) is reflected in many social and organizational features of academic life .
When 222 scholars rated their perception of similarity between academic disciplines , results showed a clustering along three main dimensions : a “ hard / soft ” dimension , which roughly corresponded to the HoS ; a “ pure / applied ” dimension , which reflected the orientation of the discipline towards practical application ; and a “ life / non - life ” dimension [ 13 ] .
These dimensions have been validated by many subsequent studies , which compared disciplines by parameters including : average publication rate of scholars , level of social connectedness , level of job satisfaction , professional commitment , approaches to learning , goals of academic departments , professional duties of department heads , financial reward structures of academic departments , and even response rates to survey questionnaires [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
Numerous studies have taken a direct approach , and have attempted to compare the hardness of two or more disciplines , usually psychology or sociology against one or more of the natural sciences .
These studies used a variety of proxy measures including : ratio of theories to laws in introductory textbooks , number of colleagues acknowledged in papers , publication cost of interrupting academic career for one year , proportion of under 35 s who received above - average citations , concentration of citations in the literature , rate of pauses in lectures given to undergraduates , immediacy of citations , anticipation of one 's work by colleagues , average age when receiving the Nobel prize , fraction of journals ' space occupied by graphs ( called Fractional Graph Area , or FGA ) , and others [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] .
According to a recent review , some of these measures are correlated to one - another and to the HoS [ 2 ] .
One parameter , FGA , even appears to capture the relative hardness of sub - disciplines : in psychology , FGA is higher in journals rated as “ harder ” by psychologists , and also in journals specialised in animal behaviour rather than human behaviour [ 19 ] , [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] .
Whether disciplines really differ in hardness and can be ranked accordingly , however , is still controversial [ 3 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 21 ] , [ 22 ] .
This controversy is manifest , for example , in the debate on the applicability of the scientific method within disciplines like psychology or sociology .
At one extreme are researchers that approach the social sciences like any other and test hypotheses through laboratory and field experiments ; at the other extreme , eminent scholars argue that the social sciences are qualitatively different from other disciplines and that scientific objectivity within them is purely a myth [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] , [ 26 ] , [ 27 ] .
Radically anti-hierarchy positions have been developed within the “ second wave ” of science studies and its “ postmodern ” derivations , according to which all scientific knowledge is “ socially constructed ” and thus not different from any other form of knowledge , faith or politics [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] .
Under this perspective , all the empirical measures of hardness listed above could be re-interpreted as just reflecting cultural differences between “ academic tribes ” [ 30 ] .
Several lines of evidence support a non-hierarchical view of the sciences .
The consensus between scientists within a field , measured by several independent parameters including level of agreement in evaluating colleagues and research proposals , is similar in physics and sociology [ 3 ] .
The heterogeneity of effect sizes in meta-analyses also appears to be similar in the physical and the social sciences , suggesting a similar level of empirical cumulativeness [ 22 ] .
Historical reconstructions show that scientific controversies are common at the frontier of all fields , and the importance and validity of experiments is usually established in hindsight , after a controversy has settled [ 31 ] , [ 32 ] .
Analysis of molecular biology papers showed that the interpretation of experiments is heavily influenced by previously published statements , regardless of their verity [ 33 ] .
In evolutionary biology , published estimates on the heritability of sexually selected traits in various species were low for many years , but then suddenly increased when new mathematical models predicted that heritability should be high [ 34 ] .
Cases of “ pathological science ” , in which a wrong theory or non-existent phenomenon are believed for many years and are “ supported ” by empirical data , have been observed in all fields , from parapsychology to physics [ 35 ] .
The contrast between indirect measures of hardness , which point to a hierarchy , and evidence of high controversy and disagreement in all kinds of research has inspired an intermediate position , which distinguishes between the “ core ” and the “ frontier ” of research .
The core is the corpus of agreed upon theories and concepts that researchers need to know in order to contribute to the field .
Identifiable with the content of advanced university textbooks , the core is clearly more developed and structured in the physical than in the social sciences [ 11 ] , [ 36 ] .
The frontier is where research is actually done , where scientists produce new data and concepts , most of which will eventually be contradicted or forgotten and will never make it to the core .
At the frontier , levels of uncertainty and disagreement might be similar across fields [ 3 ] , [ 36 ] .
The question , therefore , is still unanswered : does a Hierarchy of the Sciences really exist ?
Does the hardness of research vary systematically across disciplines ?
This study compared scientific papers at the frontier of all disciplines using an intuitive proxy of bias .
Papers that declared to have tested a hypothesis were sampled at random from all 10837 journals in the Essential Science Indicators database , which univocally classifies them in 22 disciplines .
It was then determined whether the authors of each paper had concluded to have found a “ positive ” ( full or partial ) or a “ negative ” ( no or null ) support for the tested hypothesis .
The frequency of positive and negative results was then compared between disciplines , domains and methodological categories .
Papers were classified by discipline based on the journal in which they were published .
Disciplinary categories ( e.g. pure / applied , life / non - life , etc… ) followed previous classifications based on the perception of scholars [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
Methodological categories are based on very general characteristics of the object of study and the parameters measured in each paper .
The term “ methodology ” , therefore , in this paper is used in its broadest possible sense of “ system of methods and principles used in a particular discipline ” [ 37 ] .
Since papers were selected at random with respect to all factors , the proportion of positive results in this sample is a proxy of the level of confirmation bias .
Scientists , like all other human beings , have an innate tendency to confirm their expectations and the hypotheses they test [ 38 ] .
This confirmation bias , which operates largely at the subconscious level , can affect the collection , analysis , interpretation and publication of data [ 39 ] , [ 40 ] and thus contribute to the excess of positive results that has been observed in many fields [ 38 ] , [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] , [ 44 ] .
In theory , application of the scientific method should prevent these biases in all research .
In practice , however , in fields where theories and methodologies are more flexible and open to interpretation , bias is expected to be higher [ 45 ] .
In sum , if the HoS hypothesis is correct , scientists in harder fields should accept more readily any result their experiments yield , while those in softer fields should have more freedom to choose which theories and hypotheses to test and how to analyze and interpret their own and their colleagues ' results .
This freedom should increase their chances to “ find ” in the data what they believe to be true ( see the Discussion section for a detailed analysis ) , which leads to the prediction that papers will report more negative results in the harder sciences than in the softer .
The race to win the deal has faced a number of twists and turns Northrop Grumman and its European partner EADS have pulled out of bidding for a $ 35 bn ( £ 23 bn ) US defence deal .
The move should clear the way for Boeing to win the contract to supply the mid-air refuelling aircraft .
But the European Commission has queried the tender process , amid concerns that foreign companies were being excluded .
The EC said in a statement that it would be " extremely concerned " if the " terms of the tender were such as to inhibit open competition . "
ANALYSIS By Jorn Madslien , Business reporter , BBC News
There is nothing graceful about EADS and Northrop Grumman 's withdrawal from the competition to deliver planes that refuel US fighter jets mid-air .
Winning the contract would have bolstered the two stalking horses ' coffers with much needed cash .
Instead , this saga may well have soured cross-Atlantic relations for years to come .
The two clearly feel that favouritism by the Pentagon has dashed their hope of wrestling the US Air Force contract from Boeing and , in the process , unseating the giant from its top spot in US aerospace .
Many European policy makers agree .
Read more : Boeing wins mid-air battle Northrop Grumman and EADS had won a contract in February 2008 , but this was then cancelled following a Boeing appeal .
At the time , there was substantial political opposition in Washington to the involvement of EADS , which owns Airbus , the European rival of US - based Boeing .
Meanwhile , Boeing had been awarded the contract in 2003 , only for it to be cancelled after an ethics scandal that saw a US Air Force official convicted of criminal conspiracy .
The Pentagon said it regretted Northrop 's decision .
The US Air Force is seeking to replace its ageing fleet of 1950s - built KC - 135 air tankers , which refuel fighter jets in mid-air .
European concerns
The European Commission , which has been involved in a long - running trade dispute with Washington over alleged subsidies to Airbus and Boeing , voiced concerns about the tender rules .
" It is highly regrettable that a major potential supplier would feel unable to bid for a contract of this type , " said European Union Trade Commissioner Karel de Gucht .
" Open procurement markets guarantee better competition and better value - for - money for the taxpayer , " he said .
A further statement from Brussels added : " The European Commission would be extremely concerned if it were to emerge that the terms of tender were such as to inhibit open competition for the contract . "
' Favours Boeing ' [ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
Northrop and EADS planned to build a tanker plane based on the large capacity Airbus A330 aircraft , while Boeing is proposing to use its smaller 767 aircraft .
Northrop said the US defence department 's latest air tanker proposal requirement was unfairly geared towards a smaller aircraft such as the 767 .
Wes Bush , Northrop 's chief executive said the request " clearly favours Boeing 's smaller refuelling tanker and does not provide adequate value recognition of the added capability of a larger tanker , precluding us from any competitive opportunity " .
Northrop said that while it had " substantial grounds " to make a complaint , it would not , as it did not wish to further delay the tanker replacement programme .
' No slam dunk '
It and EADS had planned to assemble the tanker planes in Alabama , where 300 new jobs would have been created .
Alabama Senator Richard Shelby said the competition had been wrongly " structured to produce the best outcome [ for Boeing ] " .
" The air force had a chance to deliver the most capable tanker possible to our war fighters and blew it , " he added .
However , Senator Patty Murray from Washington state , where Boeing has its main assembly base said " today 's news is by no means the end of the line , and this contract is no slam dunk [ for Boeing ] " .
Analysts said EADS could theoretically now launch a solo bid , but that this was unlikely to be forthcoming given the antagonism in Washington to the European firm winning the contract .
In the red News of the withdrawal came as EADS announced that it made a net loss of 763 m euros ( $ 1bn ; £ 692 m ) last year , against a profit of 1.57 bn euros in 2008 , and said 2010 may be " volatile " .
In the three months to December , the Airbus parent company also said it had lost 1.05 bn euros .
Shares in EADS were down 5 % , or 0.8 cents , to 15.08 euros in early Tuesday trading in Paris .
The firm scrapped its dividend as it was hit by financial charges on its A380 superjumbo , adverse currency fluctuations , and cost overruns on its delayed A400 M airlifter .
" The A380 continued to weigh heavily on the underlying performance , " EADS said in a statement , adding that it had also suffered from exceptional foreign exchange effects .
Last year Airbus beat rival Boeing in aircraft production , delivering a record 498 aircraft .
Airbus said it hoped to deliver the same number of aircraft this year as last year , and to secure 250 to 300 new gross orders .
But it warned that it saw the economy this year as " improving but still volatile " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The U.S. Supreme Court is agreeing to decide how much personal information the federal bureaucracy may acquire on its workers .
The justices , without comment , decided Monday to review a lower - court decision surrounding the concept of so - called " informational privacy . "
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco struck down intrusive background checks last year on nearly three dozen National Aeronautics and Space Administration contractors as being too invasive – calling them an unconstitutional , " broad inquisition . "
The checks sought information from any source surrounding their sex lives , finances and even drug use .
The contractors being investigated were not privy to classified information .
The Obama administration , in seeking review of the lower - court decision , told the justices the checks were the same type conducted on all federal government workers -– now numbering about 14 million .
The background checks are part of a 2004 security directive from President George W. Bush .
" The ramifications of the decision below are potentially dramatic , " the Obama administration told the justices in its petition to the court .
The justices likely will hear the case this fall .
The NASA contractors worked at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Southern California , which generally engages in the scientific study of the earth and solar system .
They sued , successfully stopping the government from delving so extensively into their backgrounds .
The administration said collecting the information , as opposed to disseminating it , was constitutionally acceptable .
See Also :
Ireland 's justice minister has warned that the Real IRA and Continuity IRA now pose a threat as serious as any paramilitary organisation did during the Troubles .
Dermot Ahern has also revealed that there is now " cross- fertilisation " between the dissident republican terror groups .
The minister said last Monday 's 250 lb car bomb attack outside Newry court house demonstrated a new level of sophistication .
" There seems to be cross- fertilisation ; it may be more to do with acquaintances or family membership than ideology .
But nonetheless it is a more worrying trend because clearly their capability is growing , " Ahern said .
The minister admitted that the Real IRA and Continuity IRA both have " significant pockets " of membership in the republic .
However , the terrorist attacks witnessed in the north in recent months appeared to have been organised there .
" The threat here I believe on this island is as dangerous as it was at any time during the Troubles , " said Ahern .
The authorities faced a " conundrum " in responding firmly to the growing threat in a way that would not alienate some sections of the nationalist community in the north .
" What they are really at is to try and bring back troops on to the streets of Northern Ireland and to destabilise the efforts of political parties in the north to bring final peace . "
The attack on Monday night in Newry was the first dissident explosion since the BBC in London was attacked in 2001 and the first anywhere in Northern Ireland since Omagh in 1998 .
A suspected mortar was fired at a PSNI station in Craigavon on Saturday night .
Last week 31 - year - old Kieran Doherty was found shot dead just outside Derry .
The Real IRA claimed responsibility for his murder .
The Senate on Wednesday extended for a year key provisions of the nation ’s counterterrorism surveillance law that are scheduled to expire at the end of the month .
One provision authorizes court - approved roving wiretaps that permit surveillance on multiple phones .
A second allows court - approved seizure of records and property in antiterrorism operations .
A third permits surveillance against a noncitizen suspected of engaging in terrorism who may not be part of a recognized terrorist group .
In agreeing to pass the bill , Senate Democrats retreated from adding new privacy protections to the USA Patriot Act .
The Senate approved the bill on a voice vote with no debate .
It now goes to the House .
The city of Detroit is proposing to give over a quarter of its land to be turned into " semi-rural " fields and farms , with the surviving neighborhoods standing in " pockets in expanses of green . "
The proposal is politically charged ( serving a death - sentence on a whole neighborhood is bound to be controversial ) but the idea of " downsizing " Detroit seems to have wide acceptance .
And yes , this entire thing was predicted by David Byrne in 1988 in the song " ( Nothing But ) Flowers " on the final Talking Heads album Naked .
Operating on a scale never before attempted in this country , the city would demolish houses in some of the most desolate sections of Detroit and move residents into stronger neighborhoods .
Roughly a quarter of the 139 - square - mile city could go from urban to semi-rural .
Near downtown , fruit trees and vegetable farms would replace neighborhoods that are an eerie landscape of empty buildings and vacant lots .
Suburban commuters heading into the city center might pass through what looks like the countryside to get there .
Surviving neighborhoods in the birthplace of the auto industry would become pockets in expanses of green .
Detroit looks at downsizing to save city
( Thanks , Rigel ! )
( Image : Garden grows , a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike image from Payton Chung 's photostream )
Because he is 17 year old Russian high - school student Andrey Ternovskiy .
He ’s the guy who created Chatroulette by himself , on a whim , in 3 months , and is now in the US fielding offers , meeting with investors , and considering never again returning to Moscow .
Should he sell ?
Would he sell ?
To frame these questions it is good to start by taking stock of the assets .
He has his skills as a programmer , the codebase he has developed so far , and the domain name Chatroulette.com which is presently a meeting place for 30 million users with an additional 1 million new users per day .
His skills , however formidable , are perfectly substitutable ; and the codebase is trivially reproduceable .
We can therefore consider the firm to be essentially equal to its unique exclusive asset : the domain name .
Who should own this asset ?
Who can make the most out of it ?
In a perfect world these would be distinct questions .
Certainly there is some agent , call him G , which could do more with Chatroulete.com than Andrey , but in a perfect world , Andrey keeps ownership of the firm and just hires that person and his competitive wage .
But among the world ’s many imperfections , the one that gets in the way here is the imperfection of contracting .
How does Andrey specify G’s compensation ?
Since only G knows the best way to build on the asset , Andrey ca n’t simply write down a job description and pay G a wage .
He ’d have to ask G what that job description should be .
And that means that a fixed wage wo n’t do .
The only way to get G to do that special thing that will make Chatroulette the best it can be is to give G a share of the profits .
If Andrey is going to share ownership with G , who should have the largest stake ?
Whoever has a controlling stake in the firm will be the other ’s employer .
So , should G employ Andrey ( as the chief programmer ) or the other way around ?
Andrey ’s job description is simple to write down in a contract .
Whatever G says Chatroullete should do , Andrey programs that .
Unlike when Andrey employs G , G does n’t have to know how to program , he just has to know what the final product should do .
And if Andrey ca n’t do it , G can just fire him and find someone who can .
So Andrey does n’t need any stake in the profits to be incentivized to do his job , but G does .
So G should own the firm completely and Andrey should be its employee .
The asset is worth more with this ownership structure in place , so Andrey will be able to sell for a higher price than he could expect to earn if he were to keep it .
Here is my previous post on ChatRoulette .
Failing to provide critical information on a project .
Spreading malicious rumors about coworkers .
Destroying or stealing company equipment .
Giving classified product information to a competitor .
These are just a few of the ways I ’ve seen employees retaliate toward a company for perceived injustices .
Plaintiffs do n’t talk about what happened ( I ’m suing because I lost my job or because I was sexually harassed ) nearly as much as they relate stories of interpersonal inconsideration and abuse ( no one took my complaint seriously , I was marched out the door accompanied by a security guard ) .
When Employee Trust is Broken
In a work environment , revenge occurs in response to violations of trust , i.e. , when expectations concerned another person ’s behavior are not met , or when that person does not act consistent with one ’s values .
Violations of interpersonal justice , i.e.. , how one expects to be treated , tend to evoke the strongest emotional responses , ranging from anger to moral outrage .
There is evidence , for example , that dismissals or terminations do not provoke violence in and of themselves .
Rather , vengeful attitudes and behaviors result from the humiliation that occurs when terminations are conducted in an abusive and insensitive manner .
In fact , numerous studies have found a relationship between unpopular decisions or outcomes ( being terminated , for example ) and retaliation only when there was anger over how the decision was carried out ( was the person treated with respect ? ) and how it was made ( was the decision - making process fair ? ) .
Over 80 % of the cases of workplace homicide involve employees who want to get even for what they perceived as their organizations ’ unfair or unjust treatment of them .
This is not to deny the role of individual differences and how they interact with different workplace situations .
An employee who explodes may have a higher level of aggression to contribute to the outburst .
Workplace Retaliation : Do n’t Break Your Psychological Contract
Retaliation at work does n’t just occur in response to interpersonal abuse or humiliation .
It can also result from the perceived violation of a psychological contract , i.e. , the expectations that both employees and employees bring to the employment relationship that operate above and beyond the formal job responsibilities .
The currency of the psychological contract is not traditional compensation .
Rather , it involves intangibles such as respect , freedom from harassment , recognition , continuous , accurate , and updated communications , and opportunities - to - grow and develop .
An abusive manager , unrealistic sales projections given to a candidate during a hiring interview , a grievance that falls on deaf ears – these are all things that can lead to a sense of betrayal and injustice – and fantasies of revenge .
Improving Your Fairness Quotient
Human resources can play a vital role in organizational justice by :
Checking all policies and work rules to assure that there are procedures that create fairness .
The important ones center on pay , diversity , and etc .
Look at decisions made in implementing these rules and general working practices to assure that fairness and equality is explicit in all supervisory and management decisions about employees and their work .
Including leadership and interpersonal skills in your management development program , including 360 - degree evaluations by subordinates , coworkers and management .
Making sure all candidates are provided with “ realistic job previews ” ( i.e. , providing an accurate description of the job , organization , and opportunities , including both positive and negative features ) .
Providing multiple avenues for employees to deal with grievances ( and the feelings associated with them ) .
For example , in addition to formal grievance procedures , engage your EAP to give informal talks during corporate transitions and offer outplacement services during layoffs .
The Bottom Line
“ Revenge is a confession of pain , ” says a Latin proverb .
While there are many reasons employees engage in sabotaging or aggressive acts in the workplace , HR can play an active role in reducing the odds it would be in response to an unfair or abusive work environment .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags
[ Chapter 2 of Accent on the Right ]
During the discussion following one of my recent lectures , it occurred to me that the questions fell into a pattern , and that this pattern was the same — whether in Manila , or Boise , or wherever .
Each question was based on something the inquirer had heard or read ; no questions appeared to stem from a genuine impasse in the person 's own effort to solve a problem .
These people were merely repeating questions someone else had raised for them ; they were n't seeking directions by reason of having lost their way for , in fact , they had done no exploration on their own !
What a fearful thought — if this situation is general : a nation of people , the vast majority of whom do no thinking for themselves in the area of political economy !
Positions on matters of the deepest social import formed from nothing more profound than radio , TV , and newspaper commentaries , or casual , off - the - cuff opinions , or the outpourings of popularity seekers !
The quality and influence of an idea , Ortega saw , was not so much in the idea as in a man 's relation to it .
Has he made the idea his own , or merely inherited it ? …
The man born into a culture confident of its knowledge is in danger of becoming a barbarian . [ 1 ]
Granting the correctness of this gloomy thought , what are the political consequences ?
And what counsel can you and I offer individuals who are doing no thinking for themselves ?
So , let 's explore the two significant questions this deplorable situation seems to pose .
To assess the political consequences , view the American populace as a market .
Suppose , for instance , that the consumer tastes in literature have deteriorated until there is demand for pornography only .
Pornographic authors and publishers will spring up by the thousands ; authors and publishers of ethical , moral , and spiritual works will fade away for lack of a market .
Reverse the market situation and assume only highly elevated tastes in literature .
Authors and publishers of pornography will then be displaced by authors and publishers of high - grade literature .
One needs no poll to determine the literary tastes of a people .
Merely observe the kind of literature that is gaining in favor and profit .
We can infer from this that it is useless to blame commentators , authors , and publishers for purveying trash .
They are merely irresponsible responses to the general taste — the market — whatever it is .
[ 2 ]
The market determines who are to be the successful purveyors .
The Political Climate
Market demand also determines the kinds of persons who vie with each other for political office .
Assume a people who do no thinking for themselves .
Theirs is a stunted skepticism .
Such people only react and are easy prey of the cliché , the plausibility , the shallow promise , the lie .
Emotional appeals and pretty words are their only guidelines .
The market is made up of no - thinks .
Statesmen — men of integrity and intellectual stature — are hopelessly out of demand .
When this is the situation , such statesmen will not be found among the politically active .
And who may we expect to respond to a market where thinking for self is absent ?
Charlatans !
Word mongers !
Power seekers !
Deception artists !
They come out of their obscurity as termites out of a rotten stump ; the worst rise to the political top .
And when our only choice is " the lesser of two evils , " voting is a sham .
Now assume a society of persons who do their own thinking and , as a consequence , possess a healthy and intelligent skepticism , persons who cannot be " taken in , " hardheaded students of political economy graced with moral rectitude .
The market for charlatans is dead ; we are scarcely aware of such people .
Instead , we find statesmen of character and integrity vying for political office .
There is no need for a poll to determine whether original or introspective thinking is declining or rising .
Merely keep in mind that whatever shows forth on the political horizon is the response to the market , an echoing or mirroring of the preponderant mode in thinking .
When thinking for self is declining , more charlatans and fewer statesmen will vie for office .
Look at the political horizon to learn what the thinking is , just as you look at a thermometer to learn what the temperature is .
So , blame not the political opportunists for the state of the nation .
Our failure to think for ourselves put them there — indeed , brought them into being .
For we are the market ; they are but the reflections !
An interesting fact intrudes itself into this analysis : approximately 50 percent of those who do not think for themselves are furious with what they see on the political horizon — which is but their own reflections !
And to assuage their discontent they exert vigorous effort to change the reflection from Republican to Democrat , or vice versa .
As should be expected , they get no more for their pains than new faces masking mentalities remarkably similar to those unseated .
It can not be otherwise . [ 3 ]
No improving trend on the political horizon is possible except as there is an improvement — quantity and quality — in thinking for self .
Thus , it is of the utmost importance that we seriously attend to our thinking .
What helpful points can we make ?
The Proper Role of Government
Given the present situation , where government is recklessly out of bounds and has its hand in practically every aspect of life , the well - informed citizen is expected to know all about everything : how to deliver mail , poverty the world over , giveaways to foreign countries , you name it , are up for public discussion .
Most of these so - called national or world problems are of similar origin and nature — each one trying to manage everyone 's business but his own .
This hopelessly impossible challenge doubtless accounts in no small measure for so many having " thrown in the sponge " when it comes to thinking for self .
No person on the face of the earth knows how to make socialism work .
And do n't try !
Instead , concentrate the thinking on what the principled and proper scope of government really is .
This is easily within the realm of any reasonably intelligent person , and is first of all the kind of thinking for self in political economy one should cover . [ 4 ]
All else — welfare , security , prosperity — is in the realm of the free market : you to your affairs , me to mine .
The Individual 's Role
Most individuals who have abandoned thinking for self in matters of political economy are unaware that they thus dry up the source of Creative Wisdom .
Such wisdom as society requires does not and cannot exist in any one person , though each of us should be responsible for his own part .
Each of us views the world through a tiny aperture .
No two apertures , no two views , are identical .
Your and my disparate wisdoms , such as they are , these minuscule dividends of exercising the introspective faculty , can be likened to two wee candles , each different from the other and each , by itself , barely perceptible .
But when all persons with any capabilities in this respect are realizing their potentialities , there is a remarkable wisdom , a Creative Wisdom that can be likened to an overall luminosity , a great light . [ 5 ]
To understand the nature and origin of Creative Wisdom is sufficient to inspire many persons to introspective action . [ 6 ]
The responsible citizen insists on knowing what is his part and then doing it .
There are obstacles , of course , on this path to wisdom .
One is a lack of faith in an overall wisdom representing a coalescence of tiny bits of individual understanding .
There are numerous reasons why it is n't trusted .
Obviously , it can not be seen with the eye ; it can be apprehended only by abstract thinking .
Nor have enough people been thinking for self to make an impressive demonstration .
Yet , this is the nature of knowledge in society and it behooves each of us to make the best of it .
Another obstacle is busyness , a consuming preoccupation with housework , children , the job , a business , making a living , or whatever .
But these amenities of life are impossible in the absence of a good society , and a good society cannot be developed except through the process of thinking for self .
Until such introspection becomes as natural as eating and breathing , there is little prospect for the good life .
The essential critical faculty cannot be developed when we copycat the questions and conclusions of others .
Each to his own thinking !
The rule , therefore , is not to take somebody else 's word for it .
And to be consistent , what must my counsel be ?
Do n't take my word for it !
Scarcely any self - anointed seer or prophet wants to go that far , but unless he will , write him off as an intellectual authoritarian , a be - like - me god .
Does this counsel , " Do n't take my word for it , " mean that others should close their minds to my word ?
Not necessarily .
Indeed , one who would think for himself should look not only among his contemporaries but also among his predecessors , even among the ancients , for any bits of wisdom that can be garnered .
Take full advantage of one 's environment , experience , and heritage , but let each thoughtfully do his own selecting , evaluating , and reasoning .
To trust this Creative Wisdom reflects an abiding faith in self and in all free men — really , a faith in the creative process .
But do n't take my word for it ; think that one through for yourself .
[ bio ]
See [ AuthorName ] 's [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
This article is excerpted from Accent on the Right .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
April 7 , 2010
Remember this from May of last year ?
Wikileaks , the scourge of governments from China to the US , will soon release a video related to this killing of more than a hundred innocent Afghan civilians in May 2009 .
This comes on the backdrop of the release of helicopter footage of the slaying of Iraqis in 2007 .
Take note of what the US were saying when the news broke last year of the casualties : " We do everything we can to avoid civilian casualties .
When the insurgents embed themselves amongst the population , this makes it very difficult .
But we ask our commanders to use proportionality and restraint , especially among the populated areas and consider other options . "
This is a familiar accusation against Hamas in Gaza but had been widely discredited by human rights organisations .
It is easier to accuse the Taliban of this tactic because they have a stricter interpretation of Islam and are therefore more ' evil ' .
The release of this video will hopefully give us the answers , although I suspect we all know what they are .
Bands such as the Pogues and Dropkick Murphys are known around the world for creating an Irish sound .
But how authentic are they ?
Twirling his comedy moustache and summoning every last drop of rockabilly - Borat charm , Gogol Bordello 's Eugene Hutz broke into a toothsome grin .
" Is my band popular in Eastern Europe ? " he said during a recent interview .
" Are you kidding , my friend ?
Are The Pogues popular in Ireland ? " .
We did n't have the heart to tell him but there was a crucial distinction .
Hutz was born and reared in the former Soviet Bloc ( in a rain - lashed hamlet south of Kiev ) .
Whereas The Pogues , hailing largely from London , are the musical equivalent of the Republic of Ireland soccer team circa 1990 , when half the starting 11 had English accents .
Shane MacGowan ( born in Tunbridge Wells , no less ! ) and chums may drape themselves in the tricolour , but their supposed " Irishness " is a mish - mash of hairy , outmoded cliches , many of which they seem actively interested in perpetuating .
For the rest of the year , Irish people can remain in blissful denial about the fake green shadow cast by the Pogues and kindred Plastic Paddies .
Alas , each St Patrick 's
Day they are forced to remove the blinkers and face the horrible reality , as surely as if they had been strapped to a plank and dunked in a giant vat o' Guinness .
Ireland has given the world Thin Lizzy , Fatima Mansions and My Bloody Valentine .
And yet it 's these whooping , fiddle abusing " Oirish " musicians who have come to be regarded the world over as true custodians of the Celtic soul .
Notwithstanding the fact most of them started out schlepping around dive bars in Boston and Queens .
While claiming a deep spiritual connection to ... well , they 'd probably call it the " Emerald Isle " , their inauthenticity stinks .
The obvious giveaway is the choice of band names : Black 47 , Flogging Molly , Dropkick Murphys .
You can tell exactly what stripe of Irishness these guys are trying to flog .
Hint : it has sweet feck all to do with Oscar Wilde , Christy Ring or Samuel Beckett .
This might be funny if it did n't stifle proper Irish musicians attempting to forge an international career .
When Bell X1 – a sort of Irish Radiohead minus the righteousness and self - loathing – toured the US , local media complained that they did n't seem " particularly Irish " .
Meaning , one presumes , they did n't end each show by setting a bodhrán alight and glassing one another .
Imagine Coldplay fetching up in New York only to be upbraided for not sounding like Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins .
In Britain , too , soft prejudices endure .
Although the Mercury Music Prize styles itself as a UK and Ireland award , it 's long been clear that , for Irish artists to make the short - list , they are required to cleave to the stereotype of the misty - eyed troubadour .
Windswept and soft voiced , Gemma Hayes , Fionn Regan and Lisa Hannigan each dealt in the sort of Celtic whimsy that goes down well in Kilburn and Glasgow , but strikes many Irish people as quaint , if not a bit stagey .
What if the Mercury judges took the time to explore the genuine diversity of modern Irish pop , in particular its burgeoning electronica scene ?
Now there 's a St Patrick 's Day toast we can all raise a glass to .
When the Ole Miss administration voted to chuck Colonel Reb as the school 's official mascot in 2003 , chances are they did n't have Admiral Ackbar in mind as a replacement .
However , it appears that long after concluding his illustrious military career in Star Wars ' Rebel Alliance , Ackbar is indeed in the running to be the school 's new sporting symbol .
A group of four students , dubbed the Ole Miss Rebel Alliance , have started a grassroots campaign to re-enlist the legendary Mon Calamari admiral through Notatrap.org — obviously named in tribute to Ackbar 's most famous utterance :
( Thankfully , it also gives me reason to highlight the funniest Robot Chicken bit ever . )
With more than 15,000 fans on Facebook , Ackbar is certainly the people 's choice at this point .
And Tuesday 's student vote to officially replace Colonel Reb with someone new has made Ackbar the early favorite .
And why should n't he be ?
From his command deck on Home One , Ackbar deftly orchestrated one of the greatest military upsets in the history of the Far Away Galaxy .
( Mind you , people often forget this salient point since it was , you know , a long , long time ago . )
As we wait to see how this plays out , we can only hope that the students of Rebel Nation — of whom 94 percent in 2003 said they preferred to keep Colonel Reb — can put their full backing into this no -brainer of a selection .
Because , as the folks at Notatrap.org argue , " Who wants a colonel when you can have an admiral ? "
Photo : Notatrap.org
The author has graciously shared this material from his website with readers of the Victorian Web .
The Tempest Prognosticator in the Festival of Britain 's Dome of Discovery , 1951 .
[ For another view of the Prognosticator ]
A Tonic to The Nation
nyone fortunate enough to have a copy of ( 1976 ) will already be familiar with the reference to the above on page 163 in the piece written by T.W. Hendrick , Production Manager for  Cockade , called “ The achievements of  Cockade “ ; in it , he says , “ But one of the most amusing exhibits in the Dome was the  Tempest Prognosticator -- a full - scale model by Roger Hopkin from reference to an ancient print .
This elaborate and highly ornate apparatus was evolved by a certain Dr. Merryweather ( no epigram intended ) who had observed that during the period before the onset of a severe storm , fresh water leaches tended to become particularly agitated .
The learned Doctor decided to harness the physical energy of these surprisingly hysterical aquatic bloodsuckers to operate an early warning system .
On the circular base of his apparatus he installed glass jars , in each of which a leech was imprisoned and attached to a fine chain that led up to a miniature belfry -- from whence the tinkling tocsin would be sounded on the approach of a tempest . "
The model was displayed in the Dome of Discovery 's ' Sky ' gallery .
As a result of my receiving a photocopy of the Treasury minute of 29th January , 1952 which confirmed the value of gifts of “ certain scientific and artistic material ... presented to National Museums and other public institutions " , I then made contact with Whitby Museum , North Yorkshire who received £ 150 worth of scientific material originally displayed in the Dome of Discovery at Londons South Bank Exhibition , as part of the 1951 Festival of Britain .
The scientific material was the Doctor 's machine !
Right : “ How the Tempest Prognosticator worked , with increasing atmospheric pressure , the leech touches the whalebone button and so causes the hammer to ring the bell . " --
The Illustrated London News Exhibition Number , May 26th 1951 .
Thanks to Graham Pickles , a member of the Whitby Literary and Philosophical Society and a Joint Honorary Keeper of Whitby Museum , the full story continues from the Museum Report for 1952 made by Mr. H.B. Browne , Hon .
Keeper who at the time said :
Early in the year the model of Dr. George Merryweathers “ Tempest Prognosticator " of 1851 was received , as had been hoped from the authorities in charge of the disposal of exhibits in the Dome of Discovery of 1951 .
Its transport cost the Society ten guineas and making a table for its proper display added another seventeen pounds to the expenses of the year .
But the interest taken in it by visitors and the care with which its descriptive label has been read , show what a valuable addition to its exhibits the Museum has gained .
In arranging for its display , we have had very useful help from the Whitby Urban Council , who have afforded space in a corridor at Stone House for the temporary housing of one of the Museums ship models . "
The rest of this rather strange story is taken from an article in the pages of Whitby Gazette for June 20th , 1952 : “ A hundred years ago , when the Whitby Literary and Philosophical Societys Museum occupied the top floor of a stately building on the Pier Road , its honorary curator was a doctor , George Merryweather , M.D. ” Dr. Merryweather had a genius for inventing strange contrivances to benefit his fellow men .
Twenty years earlier he had invented a “ platina lamp " , which could be kept burning for a fortnight on an economical mixture of pure alcohol and whisky , at a cost of one penny for eight hours ...
With his thoughts directed to the workings of animal instinct , our Museum Curator had observed the peculiar sensitiveness of the medicinal leech to electrical conditions in the atmosphere ; and this observation resulted in the invention of an apparatus which he described as “ An Atmospheric Electromagnetic Telegraph , conducted by Animal Instinct , " but which he decided to call the “ Tempest Prognosticator . ” .
The “ Tempest Prognosticator " consisted of twelve pint bottles of white glass , round the base of a circular stand , at the top of which was a bell surrounded by twelve hammers .
Each bottle was connected with one of the hammers through a metal tube in its neck , containing a piece of whalebone and a wire , to which was attached a small gilt chain .
Here is the inventors description of how the Prognosticator works :
After having arranged this mouse trap contrivance , into each bottle was poured rain water , to the height of an inch and a half ; and a leech placed in every bottle , which was to be its future residence ; and when influenced by the electromagnetic state of the atmosphere a number of leeches ascended into the tubes ; in doing which they dislodged the whalebone and caused the bell to ring .
During the twelve months of 1850 repeated tests were made by its “ Designer and Inventor " to prove the efficacy of this important meteorological discovery  in foretelling thunderstorms .
This was done by means of postal communications with Mr. Henry Belcher , then president of the Philosophical Society and of Whitby Institute ; and on February 27th of the following year he read to Members of the Society an “ Essay explanatory of the Tempest Prognosticator in the building of the Great Exhibition for the Works of Industry of All Nations . ”
The essay is reported to have taken nearly three hours to read , and was shortly afterwards printed in London for distribution among visitors to London ’s “ Great Exhibition " , which our Whitby doctor considered to be one of the grandest ideas that ever emanated from the mind of man . 
The design of the “ Tempest Prognosticator " was , like Paxtons Crystal Palace , adapted from that of an Indian Temple , and the apparatus was put together by a few clever Whitby artisans .
In his essay the designer explains that the twelve bottles were placed in a circle in order that his little comrades  might see one another and not endure the affliction of solitary confinement .
He had , he further told his audience , drawn six designs , from No. 1 , the least expensive to No. 6 “ now in the Crystal Palace , the most expensive , and adapted for any drawing - room . 
The simpler designs he looked forward to seeing used by the Government and the Shipping Interests of the country in stations all round the coasts , each having a Tempest Prognosticator and lifeboats under suitable and responsible officers , with an Inspector of Stations in general charge .
Ultimately , he hoped , our Whitby pigmy Temples would be distributed all over the world .
- “ Mr. President and Gentlemen , you will perceive that I am ambitious .
Dr. George Merryweather , of Whitby , was certainly an optimist .
That any of the six available designs were adopted for practical use is unknown , nor is there a record of what happened to the original Tempest Prognosticator after it had been displayed by request at the rooms of the Society of Arts when the 1851 Great Exhibition came to a triumphant end .
But its invention marked an early stage in Meteorological Science ; and when , in 1950 , plans were being made for a selection of exhibits in the Dome of Discovery that was to be one of the main features of the “ Festival of Britain 1951 " , inquiry was made by the Design Research Unit for information as to the Whitby doctor , and his discovery .
This information the honorary keeper of Whitby Museum was able to supply , and a very faithful replica of Dr. George Merryweathers " Tempest Prognosticator " was constructed , from the printed description in a copy of his Essay and the copperplate drawing which illustrated it .
Many Whitby visitors to the Festival of Britain ( South Bank Exhibition ) have noticed this model in the Dome of Discovery and have reported their thrill in finding their home town made conspicuous by it and by a well - designed part - model of Captain Cooks " Resolution . ”
In correspondence with the Museum , the promise was made by the Design Research Unit of a recommendation that , on the close of the Festival , the 1951 model should come to Whitby .
Now with the consent of Parliament , it has been given to Whitby Philosophical Society for preservation in the building that is the successor of the Museum of which Dr. George Merryweather was honorary Curator from 1840 to 1843 and from 1847 to 1861 .
The Societys committee has had constructed a suitable table for the model which measures three feet in diameter and is three feet six in height , and is enclosed in a plate - glass cylindrical showcase . . "
The model is currently displayed in the Whitby Museum 's Main Hall .
Last year plans and photographs of it were provided to the Barometer Museum in Okehampton , Devon and they have built a full - size working model .
The Whitby Library holds a copy of a substantial booklet prepared by Dr. Merryweather which not only describes the background to the apparatus but also lists out his early records on its performance .
On checking out his invention he used to write a letter to the Chairman of the Whitby Literary & Philosophical Society when the apparatus predicted a storm and such was the letter post in 1851 that if he posted it first thing in the morning , it was received round about lunchtime ( something not even achievable today ! )
Acknowledgements
A Tonic to the Nation .
Thames & Hudson , 1976 .
Whitby Gazette
Whitby Literary & Philosophical Society / Whitby Museum , North Yorkshire
The Illustrated London News Exhibition Number , May 26th 1951 .
Related Web Materials
The Victorian Era ( UK site )
Victorian
Web
Technology
The Great
Exhibition
When we called for personal experiences with egg donation , readers responded — with tales of intense screening processes , ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , guilt , and fulfillment .
Advertisement
A former donor we 'll call " Alexis " ( all the names below are false , as the donors requested anonymity ) wrote that she sold her eggs to pay for a move and get out of debt , but also " I wanted to see how the system worked , and in a sick way , I wanted to learn what value people would place on my genes . "
She continues :
I tried to be scrupulously honest in filling out the extensive questionnaires on my personality and academic record and family medical history :
Yes , I aced the SATs ( a perfect score — which the agency verified , by the way ) , but I was also treated for anxiety attacks during college .
I have musical ability ( I majored in piano performance ) , but I 'm also about thirty pounds heavier than the willowy size - four beauty the discriminating parents might desire .
I described myself as an extreme introvert with neurotic tendencies , which is n't the ideal profile either , but in the end , after a few couples considered and rejected me , I still got paid a premium .
My conclusion : My grades ( I was a valedictorian ) , IQ , and test scores were always of primary importance .
Everything else was just a perk or a minor debit by comparison .
( That said , I am white .
I suppose grades might not have meant as much to the egg recipients without that prereq . )
Advertisement
After the experience , her feelings are mixed : " they objectified me for my intelligence , reduced me to raw demographic data , and I spent weeks screwing with my hormones and abstaining from sex and alcohol to let them do it .
The whole ordeal made me feel a little bit guilty , like I was profiting off something I had n't earned , but I did n't feel too bad , I guess , since I did it twice . "
Donor " Betty " had a more positive experience .
Even though she experienced ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome as a side effect of donation — which caused bloating and difficulty breathing and " added 10 days to my recovery " — she says " it was a very interesting experience that I feel showed me another side of being pro-choice . "
She elaborates , " how can one say that a woman has a right to end a pregnancy and not to pursue one ? "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Still another reader , whom we 'll call " Carrie , " wrote to tell us of her experience working for an egg donation and surrogacy agency : " Part of my job was helping Intended Parents find their " perfect donor " and I 've seen it all , from people who want an Ivy - legue , 5 ' 7 " or taller , blonde , blue eyed , musical , artistic pet - lover to those who only want to be parents and will chose a donor they feel connected to as a person , race be damned .
It was an often exasperating , always stressful job , but in the end , when those babies were born , I cried with joy just as much as the parents did . "
And finally , donor " Denise " wrote us with a full account of her experience , which you can read here .
Perhaps the most thought - provoking part is her conclusion :
An Egg Donor 's Story " Denise " gave us permission to print her account of her egg donation .
Here 's her story : Read more
I had an overall positive experience ; my feelings about the whole paying for eggs thing are mixed .
On the one hand , it has the potential to exploit women in need of money for the benefit of the upper classes and so much of the selection process does seem focused on superficial qualities like looks and race , as opposed to factors that seem more meaningful , such as intelligence and health history .
Then again , I suppose every parent wants the best for their child and god knows attractive people have advantages , so I can't say I would n't be just as choosy if I were using donor eggs .
This worked out well for me in providing me with a small sum of money that I put to good use in funding my living expenses while pursuing my career goals at a top law school .
I did not feel pressured or exploited at any time by anyone , however I can see how the potential is there for less upstanding egg brokers to do just the opposite .
It 's also problematic because so many of the reasons that I was likely chosen to be a donor ( being white , blonde , thin , straight , smart , relatively mentally stable and able - bodied ) are themselves traits which often confer unearned privilege in our society , so by participating , am I perpetuating a cycle where only offspring with a specific list of attributes are desirable ?
Advertisement
Earlier : Good Eggs : Race , SAT Scores , And Money In The Weird World Of Egg Donation
This page contains sites providing information on how to make paper , papermaking , pulp making , process of making paper , history of paper , paper manufacturing process , how paper is made or processing , paper recycling and / or converting .
The page also contains sites providing engineering calculations and information helpful to designers and paper traders .
To find the answer to some of your simple question on Paper , Look at Ask Harry
TOP OF THE PAGE
Machine Made Papermaking Video on You Tube
TOP OF THE PAGE
Multimedia Training
Multimedia Training Paper Train
In collaboration between Austria , Germany and Netherlands the project Paper Train has been developed with a subsidy by the Leonardo da Vinci programme .
As a flexible multimedia training tool it consists of more than 40 multilingual FOCUS modules available in four languages .
The models cover the whole range of paper , pulp and board production and include converting as well .
They provide a modern way of learning by the interpretation of e-learning , animations , simulations and practice lessons .
For more details see www.focustraining.eu
Short Description of Papermaking Process
Paper Products Manufacturing Process
TOP OF THE PAGE
BAD / DEAD LINKS
Sites added in 2020
URL updated recently
Dogs likely originated in the Middle East , not Asia or Europe , according to a new genetic analysis by an international team of scientists led by UCLA biologists .
The research appears March 17 in the advance online edition of the journal Nature .
" Dogs seem to share more genetic similarity with Middle Eastern gray wolves than with any other wolf population worldwide , " said Robert Wayne , UCLA professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and senior author of the Nature paper .
" Genome - wide analysis now directly suggests a Middle East origin for modern dogs .
We have found that a dominant proportion of modern dogs ' ancestry derives from Middle Eastern wolves , and this finding is consistent with the hypothesis that dogs originated in the Middle East .
" This is the same area where domestic cats and many of our livestock originated and where agriculture first developed , " Wayne noted .
Previous genetic research suggested an East Asian origin for dogs , " which was unexpected , " Wayne said , " because there was never a hint in the archaeological record that dogs evolved there . "
" We were able to study a broader sampling of wolves globally than has ever been done before , including Middle Eastern wolves , " said the paper 's lead author , Bridgett vonHoldt , a UCLA graduate student of ecology and evolutionary biology in Wayne 's laboratory who studies the genetics of dog domestication .
" In our analysis of the entire genome , we found that dogs share more unique markers with Middle Eastern wolves than with East Asian wolves .
We used a genome - wide approach , which avoids the bias of single genome region . "
The biologists report genetic data from more than 900 dogs from 85 breeds ( including all the major ones ) and more than 200 wild gray wolves ( the ancestor of domestic dogs ) worldwide , including populations from North America , Europe , the Middle East and East Asia .
They used molecular genetic techniques to analyze more than 48,000 genetic markers .
No previous study has ever analyzed anywhere near that many markers .
advertisement
The biologists have samples from Israel , Saudi Arabia and Iran -- but they have not pinpointed a specific location in the Middle East where dogs originated .
" This study is unique in using a particular technology called a single nucleotide polymorphism , or SNP , genotyping chip ; these chips interrogate the nucleotides at 48,000 locations in the genome , " said John Novembre , UCLA assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology and a member of UCLA 's Interdepartmental Program in Bioinformatics .
" We are able to compare dogs looking at not just one small part of the genome , but at 48,000 different locations .
That gives us the fine - scale resolution to analyze how these breeds are related to one another and how they are related to wolves . "
Previous genetic research had suggested an East Asian origin based on the higher diversity of mitochondrial sequences in East Asia and China than anywhere else in the world .
( Mitochondria are tiny cellular structures outside the nucleus that produce energy and have their own small genome . )
However , that research was based on only one sequence , a small part of the mitochondrial genome , Wayne noted .
" That research made extrapolations about how the domestic dog has evolved from examination of one region in the mitochondrial genome , " Wayne said .
" This new Nature paper is a much more comprehensive analysis because we have analyzed 48,000 markers distributed throughout the nuclear genome to try to conclude where the most likely ancestral population is .
" What we found is much more consistent with the archaeological record , " he said .
" We found strong kinship to Middle Eastern gray wolves and , to some extent , European gray wolves -- but much less so to any wolves from East Asia .
Our findings strongly contradict the conclusions based on earlier mitochondrial DNA sequence data . "
Eighty percent of dog breeds are modern breeds that evolved in the last few hundred years , Wayne said .
But some dog breeds have ancient histories that go back thousands of years .
advertisement
" We sampled both groups , the modern explosion of dog breeds and some of the ancient lineages , " he said .
" Our data were aimed at resolving questions about the origin of domestic dogs , the evolution of dog breeds , and the history of dog breeds and relationships to their closest wild progenitor , the gray wolf . "
The first dogs that appeared in the Middle Eastern archaeological record date back some 12,000 to 13,000 years , Wayne said .
Wolves have been in the Old World for hundreds of thousands of years .
The oldest dogs from the archaeological record come from Europe and Western Russia .
A dog from Belgium dates back 31,000 years , and a group of dogs from Western Russia is approximately 15,000 years old , Wayne said .
" We know that dogs from the Middle East were closely associated with humans because they were found in ancient human burial sites , " Wayne said .
" In one case , a puppy is curled up in the arms of a buried human . "
Some very old strains of dogs , with a history dating back more than several thousand years , may be mixed with modern breeds , enhancing their diversity in certain areas such as East Asia , Wayne said , interpreting the higher mitochondrial DNA diversity in that area of the globe .
There is one small set of East Asian breeds that does not indicate a strong Middle East origin , showing instead a high level of genetic sharing with Chinese wolves .
This finding suggests there was some intermixing between East Asian dog breeds and East Asian wolves ; the data do not make clear how long ago this occurred .
" However , the vast majority of dogs that we studied show significant levels of sharing with Middle Eastern wolves , " said Novembre , a population geneticist who studies genetic diversity and the lessons that can be learned from it .
Co-authors on the Nature paper include a group of researchers from the National Institutes of Health / National Human Genome Research Institute led by Elaine Ostrander ; a group led by Carlos Bustamante , formerly of the Cornell University Department of Biological Statistics and Computational Biology and now a professor of genetics at the Stanford University School of Medicine ; and scientists from China , Israel , Australia , Europe and Canada .
UCLA co-authors include Eunjung Han , a UCLA graduate student of Novembre 's in biostatistics ; John Pollinger , director of UCLA 's Conservation Genetics Resource Center and associate director of the Center for Tropical Research at UCLA 's Institute of the Environment ; and James Knowles , a graduate student from Canada 's University of Alberta working in Wayne 's laboratory .
Wayne and Novembre 's research is federally funded by the National Science Foundation .
Novembre 's research is also funded by the Searle Scholars Program .
" By analyzing a sea of scientific data , Bob Wayne and John Novembre are at the forefront of the ' new life sciences ' -- which represents new ways to make discovery , " said Victoria Sork , dean of the UCLA Division of Life Sciences .
" Their integration of genomic data with bioinformatic approaches illustrates how integration has enhanced our ability to analyze biological systems .
Integration of knowledge is changing how we think about how life works .
We are no longer limited to studying just one piece of a puzzle . "
Toy dogs and an evolutionary framework for dog domestication
The biologists have also found that when one looks at a relationship tree of modern and ancient dog breeds , there is surprising structure to it , and the structure mimics the classifications of dogs by breeders into herding dogs , retrievers , sight hounds , small terriers and others .
" We found there is a surprising genetic structure that accords with functional classifications -- suggesting that new breeds are developed from crosses within specific breed groups that share particular traits , " Wayne said .
" If they want a new sight hound , they tend to cross sight hounds with each other , and the same with herding dogs and retrieving dogs .
That may not seem so surprising , but we had no reason to think beforehand that these groups would be strongly genealogical .
" There are some notable exceptions , such as ' toy dogs . '
In this grouping , there are many different kinds of lineages represented , including traces of herding dogs and retrievers .
When it comes to miniaturizing a dog , breeders start with a larger breed and cross that with a miniature dog to make a dwarfed breed on a new genetic background , causing the mixing of various lineages .
It 's a mix - and - match approach for some of these breed groupings .
But in other cases , new breeds have been based on combinations of breeds that have specific traits . "
New insights into the evolution of dogs have emerged from this Nature paper and several other recent studies by biologists , including Wayne and his colleagues .
" A framework about dog evolution is emerging , " Wayne said .
" Even though dogs have an almost infinite variety of forms , geneticists have been discovering that much of this diversity has a simple genetic basis .
Short - legged dogs -- there are at least 19 such breeds , including dachshunds , corgis and basset hounds -- have short legs due to the appearance of just one unique gene , a mutant growth - factor gene . "
Recent research by Wayne and his colleagues has identified genes responsible for short legs , small size , different fur types and different coat patterns and colors .
" It seems that in dogs , unlike other domesticated species , many of these different phenotypes distill to just a handful of genes , " Wayne said .
" These genes have been mixed with retrievers , herding dogs and sight hounds to create new breeds . "
In humans , by contrast , most differences in height and weight involve many genes , each of which has only a small effect ; most of the genes account for only about 1 or 2 percent of variability .
Even in agricultural plants , most genes have only a small influence on a single trait .
In dogs , however , one gene that is responsible for differences in size accounts for more than 50 percent of the variation in body size , Wayne said .
A small number of genes , he said , have been moved around in dogs to create the appearance of amazing diversity .
" Because we analyzed 48,000 locations in the genome , we can ask which regions are the most different between dogs and wolves , " said Novembre , whose research group investigated whether specific regions of the genome have changed under domestication .
" We identified a few regions that are exceptionally different between dogs and wolves ; these might be places in the genome where some of the changes occurred that make dogs and wolves different from each other today .
These are good candidate regions for follow - up research . "
In a separate paper , Melissa Gray , who earned her Ph.D. from UCLA in Wayne 's laboratory , reported in February , along with Wayne and colleagues , on an important gene known as IGF1 , which is responsible for small size in dogs , and analyzed which wolf populations are closest evolutionarily to this gene .
The findings , published in the journal BMC Biology show that the gene appears to have arisen in Middle Eastern wolves , giving further support to the major claim in the new Nature paper .
Climategate : Alarmist Scientists Plan a Snow Job
According to recently disclosed e-mails from a National Academies of Science listserv , prominent climate scientists affiliated with the U.S. National Academies of Science have been planning a public campaign to paper over the damaged reputation of global warming alarmism .
Their scheme would involve officials at the National Academies and other professional associations producing studies to endorse the researchers ’ pre-existing assumptions and create confusion about the revelations of the rapidly expanding “ Climategate ” scandal .
The e-mails were first reported in a front - page story by Stephen Dinan in the Washington Times today .
The Competitive Enterprise Institute has independently obtained copies of the e-mails .
A list of excerpts , with descriptive headlines written by me , can be found below .
The entire file of e-mails has been posted as a PDF and can be read here .
In my view , the response of these alarmist scientists to the Climategate scientific fraud scandal has little to do with their responsibilities as scientists and everything to do with saving their political position .
The e-mails reveal a group of scientists plotting a political strategy to minimize the effects of Climategate in the public debate on global warming .
Selected Excerpts .
Note that the descriptive headlines in italics are by me .
The statements in quotation marks are excerpts from the e-mails .
Can we get corporate funding for some splashy ads in the NY Times ?
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 26 : “ I will accept corporate sponsorship at a 5 to 1 ratio… . ”
But our ads will be untainted by corporate influence .
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 27 : “ Over the past 24 h I have been amazed and encouraged at the support my proposal has received from Section 63 and beyond .
We have had about 15 pledges for $ 1000 !
I want to build on that good will and make sure that the facts about the climate system are presented to a very large section of the public — unfiltered by the coal , oil and gas industries … . ”
What is it about the New York Times ?
Are n’t Paul Krugman and Thomas Friedman enough ?
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 27 : “ Op eds in the NY Times and other national newspapers would also be great . ”
Scientists should be effecting social and political change .
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 26 : “ I want the NAS to be a transformational agent in America . ”
Snow in Washington is anecdotal , but no snow in Vancouver is proof .
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 27 : “ … the coal , oil and gas industries ( who , ironically , are running commercials on NBC for the winter Olympics , while the weather is so warm that snow has to be imported to some of the events . ) ”
Robert Paine , Feb. 27 : “ The beltway ’s foolishness about climate change seems especially ironic given the snowless plight of the Vancouver Olympics . ”
David Schindler , Feb. 27 : “ I ’d add that Edmonton is near snowless … . ”
This is a political fight , and we ’ve got to get dirty .
Paul R. Ehrlich , Feb. 27 : “ Most of our colleagues do n’t seem to grasp that we ’re not in a gentlepersons ’ debate , we ’re in a street fight against well - funded , merciless enemies who play by entirely different rules . ”
Top scientists adore Al Gore .
David Schindler , Feb. 27 : “ I recall an event at the Smithsonian a couple of eons ago that I thought did a great job , & got lots of media coverage .
AL Gore spoke…. ”
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 27 : “ Al Gore has a very well written article in the NY Times . ”
Forget the science , we want energy rationing !
William Jury , Feb. 27 : “ I am seeing formerly committed public sector leaders backing off from positions aimed at reducing our fossil fuel dependence . ”
They ’ll forget Climategate if an authoritative institution repeats the same old line .
Paul Falkowski , Feb. 27 : “ An NRC report would be useful . ”
Steve Carpenter , Feb. 27 : “ We need a report with the authority of the NAS that summarizes the status and trends of the planet , and the logical consequences of plausible responses . ”
David Tilman : Feb. 27 : “ It would seem wise to have the panel [ writing the report ] not include IPCC members . ”
Stephen H. Schneider , Mar. 1 : “ National Academies need to be part of this …. ”
Stephen H. Schneider , Mar 1 : “ It is imperative that leading scientific societies coordinate a major press event … . ”
The last academic defense : It ’s McCarthyism !
Stephen H. Schneider , Mar. 1 : “ … Senator Inhofe , in a very good impression of the infamous Joe McCarthy , has now named 17 leading scientists involved with the IPCC as potential climate ‘ criminals ’ . ….
I am hopeful that all the forces working for honest debate and quality assessments will decry this McCarthyite regression , and by name point out what this Senator is doing by a continuing smear campaign . ….
Will the media have the fortitude to take this on–I ’m betting a resounding ‘ yes ! ' ”
[ Note that Schneider has already sent this e-mail to the media asking for their help . ]
To read all the e-mails that CEI has obtained , go to the PDF posted here .
The first ( of three ) inquiries on the CRU email affair has reported , and this thread is for discussions of the UK Parliamentary Select Committee report .
The conclusions are not un-expected , but there is bound to something for everyone to chew on .
Get gnawing !
p.s. there is a useful summary at DeSmogBlog .
With Brad Friedman & Desi Doyen ...
Desi Doyen Byon 3/11/2010 , 12:48 pm PT
TWITTER : @GreenNewsReport
Now available via Stitcher Radio's way cool mobile phone app !
Listen on your iPhone , Android , Palm Pre and BlackBerry !
IN TODAY'S RADIO REPORT :
The glacial pace of international climate negotiations ; ' The Cove ' goes undercover in L.A. ; Venezuela 's dam electricity shortage ...
PLUS : Industrial food production & another new food recall ( with video ! ) ...
All that and more in today 's Green News Report !
Got comments , tips , love letters , hate mail ?
Drop us a line at GreenNews@BradBlog.com or right here at the comments link below .
All GNRs are always archived at GreenNews .
BradBlog.com .
Link : Embed : Listen online here , or Download MP3 ( 6 mins ) ...
IN 'GREEN NEWS EXTRA ' :
Restaurants get a little greener ;
Farm lobby ’s lawyer appointed as Ag Committee ’s counsel ; SoCal utility to install solar on warehouse roofs ;
Natural gas as a near - term CO2 mitigation strategy ; Green Biz Wiz : folks to follow on Twitter ; Fish oil supplements may contain PCBs ...
PLUS : Who says you can't bottle the wind ?
...
Info / links on those stories and all the ones we talked about on today 's episode follow below ...
For laptop users , having dual screens on the road is almost impossible unless they are willing to lug one of Lenovo 's hefty notebooks around .
Now , a Hong Kong - based company MEDL technology is showing a 13 - inch lightweight , portable LED display that can be used as a secondary monitor to add digital real estate .
The LED display , simply named " The Panel , " weighs about 2.2 lbs and connects to a PC or a Mac through a USB cable .
The screen has a resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels and claims up to five hours of battery life .
The Panel is not limited for use just with laptops , says MEDL .
It can connect to phones and gaming consoles such as the Xbox 360 or Sony PlayStation 3 –anything that has a USB port .
MEDL is showing The Panel at the ongoing DEMO Spring conference .
As laptops become more popular among users than desktops , the idea of having dual displays for mobile devices is catching on .
Last year , Lenovo introduced a $ 5000 dual - screen laptop that weighed about 11 lbs and combined a 17 - inch display and a 11 - inch screen in a single box .
MEDL 's LED screen could be an alternative to the Lenovo monster , though MEDL is yet to announce pricing or availability for the product .
By
Have you ever wondered why some people start network marketing and MLM businesses with great enthusiasm and super intentions , but fail to ever make even a dime of profit ?
Getting started with a network marketing business and failing to make any money is a result , in large part , of what you put into it .
What causes many network marketing ventures to crash and burn before they even really get started ?
Two “ P’s ” come to mind .
Planning means understanding what you want your business to do for you and having specific actions to get you there .
Preparation for opportunity is an ongoing process that requires absorbing and learning everything you can about your network marketing business , your products , and the basic fundamentals of success that form the foundation of any profitable home business .
You must create a realistic and workable network marketing success plan if you really want to build a strong business and reach your income goals .
By “ workable ” , I mean a plan that is realistic for you and your situation .
If you have a 40 - hour a week job , a plan calling for 40 more hours a week building your business would n’t likely be workable for you , but a plan calling for 15 focused hours of business building activity might be quite realistic .
Find out who in your upline team is successful and enjoying the kind of income and lifestyle you want .
Contact them and ask them how they got started .
Ask them to help you – they will be thrilled at the opportunity .
Grab some good books on network marketing and learn all you can about your business from different perspectives .
Read magazines and watch videos that teach you how to have a good attitude and think toward your goals in the right way .
Study people and think about why they respond differently to opportunity and fortune .
Get grounded in the fundamental business building concepts that apply to making money with any home based business .
Always seek to learn and grow – this is the secret of successful people that is frequently overlooked .
Ask yourself these questions while developing your network marketing success plan .
These are the basics you need to know in order to develop your plan and be prepared for sponsoring .
what makes your products special and worth building a network marketing business around ?
can you explain , in just a few simple sentences , how you make money with your business ?
will you build your business mostly online , or offline ?
Either way , there are related skills you ’ll need to learn .
where can prospects for your business be found ?
how will you get prospects and leads to contact you for information ?
In other words , how will you attract them to you and your opportunity ?
how will you keep up with your prospects and know when to followup with them ?
You need an organized system , preferably with automated as well as personal followups .
how much money are you able to invest in your venture ?
This determines in great part the fundamental approaches you ’ll take to building your business .
what are your income goals ?
These should be clear , focused , and written down .
who will be your mentor in this business ?
You ’ll need someone experienced and successful – this could be your direct sponsor or an upline team member .
when it comes down to it , why are you starting and promoting a network marketing business ?
What ’s in it for you ?
This will be your driving force and the number one thing you must have know and have a deep emotional attachment to .
Building a network marketing success plan takes work and lots of thought .
You ’ll need and want input from your upline leaders .
Get in touch , and never hesitate to call on them .
Remember , this is a win - win business and your upline prospers when you prosper .
Did you get some value from this post ?
If you did , I would really appreciate you sharing it with others !
And , your comments are welcome below !
Got a minute ?
Take a look at what ’s working in an online business for me ...
If you have a home business and are happy , that 's good .
If you are looking for the right opportunity , the right mentor , and something you can build online , I would enjoy the opportunity to share what I 'm doing .
Click here and let ’s explore the possibilities .
Entire Graduating Class of Urban Prep Charter Academy Accepted to College All 107 seniors of a Chicago charter school were accepted to four - year colleges .
March 12 , 2010  -- Chicago's Urban Prep Charter Academy has a mission -- for its students to graduate and succeed in college .
Now , for the first graduating class at the high school , it 's mission accomplished .
All 107 seniors were accepted to a four - year college , a significant accomplishment considering they are from one of the toughest neighborhoods on the South Side of Chicago .
These are not so - called gifted kids at a private school .
The public high school is open to all , choosing students by a lottery .
" It does n't just happen that public urban schools graduate all of their students and get them into college , " said Tim King , the school 's founder .
Just four years ago , when King started the school , only 4 percent of the class was reading at grade level .
So how did they overcome the odds ?
King created a school that excused nothing -- and expected everything .
Each new freshman starting school gets his own wristwatch to keep track of time .
" Kids would be late and say they did n't know what time it was , " King said .
" Part of our creed reads [ that ] we make no excuses , so we wanted to remove that excuse .
...
There was no excuse for me being late . "
Students attend school from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 pm .
That 's 72,000 more minutes in high school than most other students -- almost an extra school year .
" They are in a double period of English each and every day , " King said .
" Four years of math , four years of science , four years of social studies , three years of foreign languages . "
" It 's an eight - hour day so it 's basically preparing us for having a job , " said Ahmad Wright , a student at the school .
" I think that 's a plus and a motivation . "
" If that 's what it 's going to take to get to where we want to be , " student Marlon Marshall said , " then I am willing to deal with it . "
Urban Prep Charter Academy was the first all - male charter school in the country .
It is all male to eliminate distractions from female students .
The school is n't limited to African American students , but it reflects the makeup of the neighborhood .
" Data in Chicago show 2.5 percent of African American boys will make it through college , " King said , adding that he 's painfully aware of the challenges the students face .
Uniforms for Respect
The young men at the academy wear suit jackets and ties as signs of respect .
" It distinguishes us .
We stand out in the crowd , " said student Jerry Hinds .
" Freshman year , maybe , people had problems with it at first .
But after a while , you see the bigger picture .
...
These uniforms show that , oh , he 's wearing a tie ; oh , he wants to do something with himself . "
And the first graduating class has a ritual :
When students are accepted to college they receive a special tie of red and gold for their accomplishment .
The school 's budget is supplemented by private donors to pay for extra expenses like uniforms .
But for the students , the next hurdle is the cost of college .
" Students paying for college is one of the big potholes , " King said .
To help with the challenge , the school has each family fill out financial aid forms and requires them to attend workshops .
" They have thus far received over $ 2.2 million in scholarships and grants , " King said .
" We defied odds , " Marshall said .
" We proved statistics wrong and we made so many people proud of what we decided to do and the life we decided to live
" Four years from now , we will be celebrating their graduation from college , " King added .
Do you want to compare this product ?
Only 4 products can be compared at once .
Adding this product will remove the product you added to the list first .
Do you want to continue ?
As Tom Nelson aptly wrote , " Al Gore lied and people died . "
Sadly , this comment is now literally true .
The people who say that global warming alarmism is a serious mental problem or a social pathology that should be treated on par with violent pedophilia or the Islamic terrorism got a new powerful argument .
Two insane parents in Goya , Argentina ( address : Carlos Gardel 187 , across from the railway station ) , Mr Francisco Lotero ( 56 ) and his lover , Ms Miriam Isabel Coletti ( 23 ) , were worried about global warming .
So quite logically , they decided to commit suicide : it 's very hard to cure this disease - if you really catch it and if you really believe that a climate doomsday is looming .
They did all these things a week ago or so , around early Sunday morning .
The motivation for their decision was explained in their suicide note which also complained that their government did n't " act " .
I would have nothing against their decision for a double suicide : it 's their freedom to do it .
And many readers of Prison Planet actually recommend Al Gore et al . the same method to fight against the AGW fears .
Francisco Lotero , a concerned AGW believer , is deadHowever , what I find absolutely unacceptable is that they decided to " transmit " their belief in AGW onto their kids , too .
In this case , the " conversion " was particularly brutal .
Their son Francisco ( 2 ) may have grown into a healthy and sane skeptic but he died as soon as he was hit in the back .
A survivor : will she become an AGW believer once she 's older and they tell her , on a nice and sunny day in the future , what happened with her family ?
However , the daughter ( 7 months ) was both lucky and clever .
And she survived .
After the proponents of the man -made climate change consensus shot her in the chest and missed her vital organs , she instantly pretended to be dead .
The parents were satisfied with her looks so they shot themselves before they could really hurt the innocent girl .
She had to survive for three more days before the scene was discovered on Wednesday or Thursday by the neighbors ( because it smelled terribly ) , with the girl swimming in blood and gore .
The father , nicknamed " Franchi " , inherited lots of real estate from a wealthy family in Esquina , including a farm , villas , houses , and land ( where they built a racetrack later ) , when he was young .
He was also a parapsychological healer .
However , the location of the gun - a .38 revolver - suggests that the lady was the shooter in all four cases : more contrived logistics could mean that the shooter was ( mostly ? ) the man , as many people expect ( without no good reason ) .
Some people ask whether the murders committed e.g. by Amy Bishop could have been avoided .
Of course , no one could have predicted her plans with certainty .
No one could have been sure about these Argentinian parents ' plans , either .
But if someone is a radical leftist such as Amy Bishop or an obsessed climate alarmist such as these two parents , the likelihood is simply much higher .
People who really believe that global warming leads us to a doomsday should be treated as mentally ill .
The society should try to help them - and the rest of us .
Global warming has become a cult in some corners ... So I think it 's pretty unlikely that any particular alarmist we know of is going to shoot some of us .
But I am not sure , either .
There 's surely a risk here .
If someone believes that the world is gonna die soon , he or she ( or both ) simply does n't have too much respect for the value of human lives - especially the human lives of those who want to live after the doomsday .
Moreover , I think that many of these AGW types have been getting increasingly more radical since November 2009 when the global warming farrago began to collapse .
Responsible people in various agencies should start to think about these matters .
Jessamine Milner was born in Cheyenne , Wyoming in 1894 and did n't start acting until 1972 .
There 's not much about her on Ye Olde Internet , but I did find this heartfelt praise for her role in Sybil :
This was a deeply harrowing movie to watch , and unbelievably so when it came out in 1976 .
A small child in the grip of her homicidally insane mother , who inflicted sadistic torture on her , while her ineffective husband looked the other way when the signs of abuse were obvious .
There 's a small performance in this movie that haunted me more than almost anything else in the film ; the part of the grandmother , played by Jessamine Milner , who was as much a victim and prisoner in the home of her psychotic daughter as Sybil was .
The difference was she was aware of the extent of her daughter 's insanity .
What must it be like to be a prisoner in your own adult child 's home , knowing she is inflicting abuse on your grandchild and will do the same to you if you speak ?
That kind of helplessness must be sheer hell to live with .
She could have told her son - in - law or the police at any time ( if she was able to get out of the house ) , but would they have done anything ?
Or turned a blind eye , considering the time ?
Jessamine Milner 's performance was so honest and affecting , it stands out as one of the most painful parts of the film , and she is in only two minutes of it !
She was born in 1894 , and was almost 80 when she made the film .
She apparently was in her mid-seventies when she went into film !
She 's a mystery , and other than her few TV appearances in the late 70s , nothing apparently is known about her .
However , she deserves a mention somewhere because of her performance in this difficult to watch film .
If temperatures are going to be cold , we might as well have snow .
You might think that snow has nothing to do with gardening — that once a white blanket drops over the landscape , all garden activity and thoughts of gardening cease .
Not so :
Your gardening activity might cease , my gardening activity might cease , but some things still go on garden - wise .
Snowy benefits
Snow is a terrific insulator , and the ground never freezes during winters when snow falls early and deep , and stays .
Plant stems go dormant in fall , not to awaken until spring , but roots grow whenever temperatures are not too cold , which may be the case under snow even in the dead of winter .
Earthworms and soil microbes also keep at work as long as the soil does n't get too cold .
And a snowy blanket makes it easy to dig carrots , leeks , parsnips stored right where they grew .
Snow also keeps perennials and newly planted trees firmly anchored in the ground .
Insulated soil stays reliably cool or cold ; bare soil , in contrast , experiences wider swings in temperatures and the periodic freezing and thawing heaves poorly rooted plants up and out of the ground .
Winter winds can dry out the evergreen leaves of perennials such as coral bells and dianthus .
Once dormant and nestled beneath a few inches or more of snow , these plants are kept quiet and moist .
Snowy mischief
Snow does bring some mischief .
Lettuce tolerates temperatures below freezing just fine , but its leaves turn to mush when covered by that same moist blanket appreciated by coral bells and dianthus .
Snow also exacerbates problems with animals .
With less on which to nibble at ground level , deer turn their attention to fat buds on apple trees and crisp leaves on rhododendrons .
Mice become free to scoot about within a snowy realm , protected from the searching , hungry eyes of hawks and cats , and the nose of my dog .
Given free rein , rodents will gnaw at young bark , even chomp on those tender carrots awaiting harvest from soft ground .
A thick blanket of snow gives rabbits a leg up to reach branches they could not previously reach .
Once a foot and a half of snow falls , rabbits can chomp away on young stems that were over 2 feet off the ground in summer .
Snow does bring one more potential problem – with evergreens .
These plants have a hard enough time drawing water from frozen soil .
That trouble is compounded when sunlight reflected off snow sucks even more moisture from leaves .
The best way to avoid this problem is by not planting evergreens , especially broadleaf ones , where a broad expanse of open land to the south can bounce reflected sunlight on them .
And mulch them well with wood chips or straw before the ground freezes so that it does not do so deeply ( or hope for a deep , insulating blanket of snow ) .
Beautiful snow
Mice , rabbits , deer , and desiccating evergreens notwithstanding , is n't a snowy winter landscape nice to look at ?
Take a hodgepodge of plants , paths , and lawn and sitting areas , throw a snowy blanket down over everything , and what 's left is a harmony in white .
Snow does drain what little color might be left in the winter landscape , yet more than mere whiteness remains .
Line and form then dominate .
Patterns are created by dark lines of fencing and tree limbs , and by billowing mounds of dense twigs .
Each fresh snowfall lends yet another dimension as snowflakes pile up on every horizontal surface .
Upper sides of tree limbs become painted in craggy swathes of white .
Straight , white swathes line fence rails , and each fence post gets capped with a dot of white .
Whatever evergreen greenery remains is all the more appreciated .
Editor ’s note :
For more Monitor gardening , see our main gardening page and previous posts of Diggin '
It [ they 're there if you keep scrolling down ] .
Both of these have new URLs , so we hope you 'll bookmark them and return .
Want to be notified when there 's something new in our gardening section ?
Sign up for our RSS feed .
From his film about the hostage survivor Dieter Dengler , Little Dieter Needs to Fly , to his examination of the life and death of the eccentric grizzly bear activist Timothy Treadwell , Grizzly Man , Werner Herzog always seems to have an eye for stranger - than - fiction scenarios that make for fascinating documentaries .
Over on Roger Ebert 's blog , there 's news of a new Herzog project that might represent his most important venture into factual film - making yet .
Herzog has apparently been given permission to film inside the Chauvet - Pont - d ' Arc cave , a site in the Ardèche department of southern France that contains the earliest known cave paintings , dating back at least 30,000 years .
Even more intriguingly , Herzog is planning to shoot much of the film in 3D .
The Chauvet cave , discovered in 1994 , cannot be accessed by tourists , as the French authorities have deemed the risk of degradation to be too high , so Herzog 's film might be the only opportunity for the rest of humanity to view the site .
The paintings depict lions , panthers , bears , owls , rhinos and hyenas , suggesting a vastly different fauna at the time of the paintings to that of modern France .
" It 's a film that I 'd like to make because I 'm so fascinated about cave art , " says Herzog in a series of filmed interviews on the blog , which we 've reposted here .
" It 's still tough to bring equipment down .
You are not allowed to touch the wall or the floor or anything .
I can have only three people with me , and I can use only lights which must not create temperature .
For each shot , because the technology is not really advanced , we had to build own camera from zero using a specific configuration of lenses and mirrors .
We are doing something nobody has done with 3D . "
Herzog will narrate the film himself , which comes as welcome news .
His familiar Teutonic brogue adds so much enthusiastic flavoursome fervour to his documentary films , and the interviews suggest that we 're in for another uniquely skewiff vision .
" What is also strange , " Herzog reveals , " is that somebody [ in the cave ] started a painting and then they left .
And it 's known that 3,500 years later somebody continued the painting .
And then a bear that hibernated over it left scratch marks .
And over the scratch marks there was man , bear , man , bear , man , bear , man [ over time ] .
It 's like time does not occur – it's completely fantastic . "
Despite his adoption of 3D for the project , Herzog is not an out - and - out convert to the new technology .
" I do it [ 3D ] very reduced and as if it was the most natural way to do it , " he says .
" 3D will always have one major problem , and that is when you look as a human being , normally only one eye looks dominantly at things .
The other eye is mostly ignored .
And only in specific cases – if somebody approaches you – all of a sudden the brain starts to use both eyes for establishing depth of field and understanding space .
" But it tires you when you are a spectator at a 3D movie , because you are forced to see with two eyes and two images superimposed .
So 3D , in my opinion , will only work , in my opinion , for the big firework events like Avatar . "
It 's a fascinating subject matter , but these types of films traditionally suffer from a dry and worthy approach that makes it hard for viewers to truly engage .
Herzog offers something more colourful and distinctive , partly because the film - maker himself is just as captivating as his material .
And yet he never overwhelms his subject matter .
Does the prospect of seeing the film - maker crawling through rocky fissures and uncovering never - before - seen artwork , like some Germanic David Attenborough , have you salivating ?
Are your attempts at scaring women and small children on the streets failing ?
Well then check out this leather dragon backpack made by Bob Basset of Ukraine .
Bob , who if you can't tell is a dragon fanatic , made the thing entirely out of molded leather and black magic .
While I can appreciate all things dragon I just have the feeling that this thing wo n't go over well anywhere but the annual renaissance fair ( or a late night DnD session ) .
All I know is that I used to have a real pet dragon named Firestorm and we would fly all over the world together .
Until I slayed him to make the sweetest pair of assless chaps you 've ever seen .
A couple more of the bag after the jump .
Leather Dragon Backpack [ Spluch ]
Do cannibals have friends ?
I imagine some must ... unless they have them over for dinner .
Just like the giant elliptical galaxy ESO 306 - 17 , which you can see in this gorgeous Hubble picture :
[ Click to embiggen , or grab the monster 3800 x 3800 pixel version .
They have wallpapers , too . ]
ESO 306 - 17 sits about a billion light years from Earth .
In this picture it looks like it 's surrounded by other galaxies , but that 's an illusion : all the other galaxies you see here are either much closer to us or much farther away .
ESO 306 - 17 is actually a loner , sitting all by itself in space .
[ Update :
Or almost all alone ; Michael West , who led the team that took these images , tells me the little elliptical at the bottom left of ESO 306 - 17 may be interacting with it .
It 's difficult to tell ; but what is certain is that there are very few galaxies near the big one , far fewer than you 'd expect . ]
How can a galaxy get this big and yet be sitting in a giant void ?
Easy .
It ate all the neighbors .
We know this is how galaxies grow in size , and is even why the Milky Way is a giant among galaxies .
Like our galaxy , ESO 306 - 17 has a lot of globular clusters around it , just as you 'd expect if it ate a bunch of other galaxies .
When I downloaded the bigger image , I noticed this weird galaxy on the left :
Wow .
I 'm guessing that long stretched - out junk is a small galaxy that got shredded , maybe after a close pass to that spiral .
I thought for a moment the spiral might be active -- that is , the black hole in its core was actively eating matter and ejecting long jets of gas and light -- but the core itself is not bright , as you 'd expect .
Plus , the material is lumpy and irregular , more indicative of a cosmic collision in progress .
It 's unrelated to the elliptical , but still very cool .
I really urge you to download the big image and take a nice , long look at it .
There 's a lot to see , and it 's all really beautiful .
Image credit : NASA , ESA and Michael West ( ESO )
Citation : Noble WS ( 2009 ) A Quick Guide to Organizing Computational Biology Projects .
PLoS Comput Biol 5 ( 7 ) : e1000424 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000424
Editor : Fran Lewitter , Whitehead Institute , United States of America Published : July 31 , 2009 Copyright : © 2009 William Stafford Noble .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The author received no specific funding for writing this article .
Competing interests :
The author has declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Most bioinformatics coursework focuses on algorithms , with perhaps some components devoted to learning programming skills and learning how to use existing bioinformatics software .
Unfortunately , for students who are preparing for a research career , this type of curriculum fails to address many of the day - to - day organizational challenges associated with performing computational experiments .
In practice , the principles behind organizing and documenting computational experiments are often learned on the fly , and this learning is strongly influenced by personal predilections as well as by chance interactions with collaborators or colleagues .
The purpose of this article is to describe one good strategy for carrying out computational experiments .
I will not describe profound issues such as how to formulate hypotheses , design experiments , or draw conclusions .
Rather , I will focus on relatively mundane issues such as organizing files and directories and documenting progress .
These issues are important because poor organizational choices can lead to significantly slower research progress .
I do not claim that the strategies I outline here are optimal .
These are simply the principles and practices that I have developed over 12 years of bioinformatics research , augmented with various suggestions from other researchers with whom I have discussed these issues .
Principles
The core guiding principle is simple : Someone unfamiliar with your project should be able to look at your computer files and understand in detail what you did and why .
This “ someone ” could be any of a variety of people : someone who read your published article and wants to try to reproduce your work , a collaborator who wants to understand the details of your experiments , a future student working in your lab who wants to extend your work after you have moved on to a new job , your research advisor , who may be interested in understanding your work or who may be evaluating your research skills .
Most commonly , however , that “ someone ” is you .
A few months from now , you may not remember what you were up to when you created a particular set of files , or you may not remember what conclusions you drew .
You will either have to then spend time reconstructing your previous experiments or lose whatever insights you gained from those experiments .
This leads to the second principle , which is actually more like a version of Murphy 's Law : Everything you do , you will probably have to do over again .
Inevitably , you will discover some flaw in your initial preparation of the data being analyzed , or you will get access to new data , or you will decide that your parameterization of a particular model was not broad enough .
This means that the experiment you did last week , or even the set of experiments you 've been working on over the past month , will probably need to be redone .
If you have organized and documented your work clearly , then repeating the experiment with the new data or the new parameterization will be much , much easier .
To see how these two principles are applied in practice , let 's begin by considering the organization of directories and files with respect to a particular project .
File and Directory Organization
When you begin a new project , you will need to decide upon some organizational structure for the relevant directories .
It is generally a good idea to store all of the files relevant to one project under a common root directory .
The exception to this rule is source code or scripts that are used in multiple projects .
Each such program might have a project directory of its own .
Within a given project , I use a top - level organization that is logical , with chronological organization at the next level , and logical organization below that .
A sample project , called msms , is shown in Figure 1 .
At the root of most of my projects , I have a data directory for storing fixed data sets , a results directory for tracking computational experiments peformed on that data , a doc directory with one subdirectory per manuscript , and directories such as src for source code and bin for compiled binaries or scripts .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 .
Directory structure for a sample project .
Directory names are in large typeface , and filenames are in smaller typeface .
Only a subset of the files are shown here .
Note that the dates are formatted < year > -< month > -< day > so that they can be sorted in chronological order .
The source code src/ms - analysis.c is compiled to create bin / ms - analysis and is documented in doc/ms-analysis.html .
The README files in the data directories specify who downloaded the data files from what URL on what date .
The driver script results / 2009 - 01 - 15 / runall automatically generates the three subdirectories split1 , split2 , and split3 , corresponding to three cross-validation splits .
The bin / parse - sqt.py script is called by both of the runall driver scripts .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000424.g001
Within the data and results directories , it is often tempting to apply a similar , logical organization .
For example , you may have two or three data sets against which you plan to benchmark your algorithms , so you could create one directory for each of them under data .
In my experience , this approach is risky , because the logical structure of your final set of experiments may look drastically different from the form you initially designed .
This is particularly true under the results directory , where you may not even know in advance what kinds of experiments you will need to perform .
If you try to give your directories logical names , you may end up with a very long list of directories with names that , six months from now , you no longer know how to interpret .
Instead , I have found that organizing my data and results directories chronologically makes the most sense .
Indeed , with this approach , the distinction between data and results may not be useful .
Instead , one could imagine a top - level directory called something like experiments , with subdirectories with names like 2008 - 12 - 19 .
Optionally , the directory name might also include a word or two indicating the topic of the experiment therein .
In practice , a single experiment will often require more than one day of work , and so you may end up working a few days or more before creating a new subdirectory .
Later , when you or someone else wants to know what you did , the chronological structure of your work will be self - evident .
Below a single experiment directory , the organization of files and directories is logical , and depends upon the structure of your experiment .
In many simple experiments , you can keep all of your files in the current directory .
If you start creating lots of files , then you should introduce some directory structure to store files of different types .
This directory structure will typically be generated automatically from a driver script , as discussed below .
The Lab Notebook
In parallel with this chronological directory structure , I find it useful to maintain a chronologically organized lab notebook .
This is a document that resides in the root of the results directory and that records your progress in detail .
Entries in the notebook should be dated , and they should be relatively verbose , with links or embedded images or tables displaying the results of the experiments that you performed .
In addition to describing precisely what you did , the notebook should record your observations , conclusions , and ideas for future work .
Particularly when an experiment turns out badly , it is tempting simply to link the final plot or table of results and start a new experiment .
Before doing that , it is important to document how you know the experiment failed , since the interpretation of your results may not be obvious to someone else reading your lab notebook .
In addition to the primary text describing your experiments , it is often valuable to transcribe notes from conversations as well as e-mail text into the lab notebook .
These types of entries provide a complete picture of the development of the project over time .
In practice , I ask members of my research group to put their lab notebooks online , behind password protection if necessary .
When I meet with a member of my lab or a project team , we can refer to the online lab notebook , focusing on the current entry but scrolling up to previous entries as necessary .
The URL can also be provided to remote collaborators to give them status updates on the project .
Note that if you would rather not create your own “ home - brew ” electronic notebook , several alternatives are available .
For example , a variety of commercial software systems have been created to help scientists create and maintain electronic lab notebooks [ 1 ] – [ 3 ] .
Furthermore , especially in the context of collaborations , storing the lab notebook on a wiki - based system or on a blog site may be appealing .
Carrying Out a Single Experiment
You have now created your directory structure , and you have created a directory for the current data , with the intention of carrying out a particular experiment in that directory .
How do you proceed ?
The general principle is that you should record every operation that you perform , and make those operations as transparent and reproducible as possible .
In practice , this means that I create either a README file , in which I store every command line that I used while performing the experiment , or a driver script ( I usually call this runall ) that carries out the entire experiment automatically .
The choices that you make at this point will depend strongly upon what development environment you prefer .
If you are working in a language such as Matlab or R , you may be able to store everything as a script in that language .
If you are using compiled code , then you will need to store the command lines separately .
Personally , I work in a combination of shell scripts , Python , and C .
The appropriate mix of these three languages depends upon the complexity of the experiment .
Whatever you decide , you should end up with a file that is parallel to the lab notebook entry .
The lab notebook contains a prose description of the experiment , whereas the driver script contains all the gory details .
Here are some rules of thumb that I try to follow when developing the driver script : Record every operation that you perform .
Comment generously .
The driver script typically involves little in the way of complicated logic , but often invokes various scripts that you have written , as well as a possibly eclectic collection of Unix utilities .
Hence , for this type of script , a reasonable rule of thumb is that someone should be able to understand what you are doing solely from reading the comments .
Note that I am refraining from advocating a particular mode of commenting for compiled code or more complex scripts — there are many schools of thought on the correct way to write such comments .
Avoid editing intermediate files by hand .
Doing so means that your script will only be semi-automatic , because the next time you run the experiment , you will have to redo the editing operation .
Many simple editing operations can be performed using standard Unix utilities such as sed , awk , grep , head , tail , sort , cut , and paste .
Store all file and directory names in this script .
If the driver script calls other scripts or functions , then files and directory names should be passed from the driver script to these auxiliary scripts .
Forcing all of the file and directory names to reside in one place makes it much easier to keep track of and modify the organization of your output files .
Use relative pathnames to access other files within the same project .
If you use absolute pathnames , then your script will not work for people who check out a copy of your project in their local directories ( see “ The Value of Version Control ” below ) .
Make the script restartable .
I find it useful to embed long - running steps of the experiment in a loop of the form if ( < output file does not exist > ) then < perform operation > .
If I want to rerun selected parts of the experiment , then I can delete the corresponding output files .
For experiments that take a long time to run , I find it useful to be able to obtain a summary of the experiment 's progress thus far .
In these cases , I create two driver scripts , one to run the experiment ( runall ) and one to summarize the results ( summarize ) .
The final line of runall calls summarize , which in turn creates a plot , table , or HTML page that summarizes the results of the experiment .
The summarize script is written in such a way that it can interpret a partially completed experiment , showing how much of the computation has been performed thus far .
Handling and Preventing Errors During the development of a complicated set of experiments , you will introduce errors into your code .
Such errors are inevitable , but they are particularly problematic if they are difficult to track down or , worse , if you do n't know about them and hence draw invalid conclusions from your experiment .
Here are three suggestions for error handling .
First , write robust code to detect errors .
Even in a simple script , you should check for bogus parameters , invalid input , etc .
Whenever possible , use robust library functions to read standard file formats rather than writing ad hoc parsers .
Second , when an error does occur , abort .
I typically have my program print a message to standard error and then exit with a non -zero exit status .
Such behavior might seem like it makes your program brittle ; however , if you try to skip over the problematic case and continue on to the next step in the experiment , you run the risk that you will never notice the error .
A corollary of this rule is that your code should always check the return codes of commands executed and functions called , and abort when a failure is observed .
Third , whenever possible , create each output file using a temporary name , and then rename the file after it is complete .
This allows you to easily make your scripts restartable and , more importantly , prevents partial results from being mistaken for full results .
Command Lines versus Scripts versus Programs
The design question that you will face most often as you formulate and execute a series of computational experiments is how much effort to put into software engineering .
Depending upon your temperament , you may be tempted to execute a quick series of commands in order to test your hypothesis immediately , or you may be tempted to over - engineer your programs to carry out your experiment in a pleasingly automatic fashion .
In practice , I find that a happy medium between these two often involves iterative improvement of scripts .
An initial script is designed with minimal functionality and without the ability to restart in the middle of partially completed experiments .
As the functionality of the script expands and the script is used more often , it may need to be broken into several scripts , or it may get “ upgraded ” from a simple shell script to Python , or , if memory or computational demands are too high , from Python to C or a mix thereof .
In practice , therefore , the scripts that I write tend to fall into these four categories : Driver script .
This is a top - level script ; hence , each directory contains only one or two scripts of this type .
Single - use script .
This is a simple script designed for a single use .
For example , the script might convert an arbitrarily formatted file associated with this project into a format used by some of your existing scripts .
This type of script resides in the same directory as the driver script that calls it .
Project - specific script .
This type of script provides a generic functionality used by multiple experiments within the given project .
I typically store such scripts in a directory immediately below the project root directory ( e.g. , the msms / bin / parse - sqt.py file in Figure 1 ) .
Multi-project script .
Some functionality is generic enough to be useful across many projects .
I maintain a set of these generic scripts , which perform functions such as extracting specified sequences from a FASTA file , generating an ROC curve , splitting a file for n- fold cross-validation , etc .
Regardless of how general a script is supposed to be , it should have a clearly documented interface .
In particular , every script or program , no matter how simple , should be able to produce a fairly detailed usage statement that makes it clear what the inputs and outputs are and what options are available .
The Value of Version Control Version control software was originally developed to maintain and coordinate the development of complex software engineering projects .
Modern version control systems such as Subversion are based on a central repository that stores all versions of a given collection of related files .
Multiple individuals can “ check out ” a working copy of these files into their local directories , make changes , and then check the changes back into the central repository .
I find version control software to be invaluable for managing computational experiments , for three reasons .
First , the software provides a form of backup .
Although our university computer systems are automatically backed up on a nightly basis , my laptop 's backup schedule is more erratic .
Furthermore , after mistakenly overwriting a file , it is often easier to retrieve yesterday 's version from Subversion than to send an e-mail to the system administator .
Indeed , one of my graduate students told me he would breathe a sigh of relief after typing svn commit , because that command stores a snapshot of his working directory in the central repository .
Second , version control provides a historical record that can be useful for tracking down bugs or understanding old results .
Typically , a script or program will evolve throughout the course of a project .
Rather than storing many copies of the script with slightly different names , I rely upon the version control system to keep track of those versions .
If I need to reproduce exactly an experiment that I performed three months ago , I can use the version control software to check out a copy of the state of my project at that time .
Note that most version control software can also assign a logical “ tag ” to a particular state of the repository , allowing you to easily retrieve that state later .
Third , and perhaps most significantly , version control is invaluable for collaborative projects .
The repository allows collaborators to work simultaneously on a collection of files , including scripts , documentation , or a draft manuscript .
If two individuals edit the same file in parallel , then the version control software will automatically merge the two versions and flag lines that were edited by both people .
It is not uncommon , in the hours before a looming deadline , for me to talk by phone with a remote collaborator while we both edit the same document , checking in changes every few minutes .
Although the basic idea of version control software seems straightforward , using a system such as Subversion effectively requires some discipline .
First , version control software is most useful when it is used regularly .
A good rule of thumb is that changes should be checked in at least once a day .
This ensures that your historical record is complete and that a recent backup is always available if you mistakenly overwrite a file .
If you are in the midst of editing code , and you have caused a once - compilable program to no longer work , it is possible to check in your changes on a “ branch ” of the project , effectively stating that this is a work in progress .
Once the new functionality is implemented , then the branch can be merged back into the “ trunk ” of the project .
Only then will your changes be propagated to other members of the project team .
Second , version control should only be used for files that you edit by hand .
Automatically generated files , whether they are compiled programs or the results of a computational experiment , do not belong under version control .
These files tend to be large , so checking them into the project wastes disk space , both because they will be duplicated in the repository and in every working copy of the project , and also because these files will tend to change as you redo your experiment multiple times .
Binary files are particularly wasteful : Because version control software operates on a line - by - line basis , the version history of a binary file is simply a complete copy of all versions of that file .
There are exceptions to this rule , such as relatively small data files that will not change through the experiment , but these exceptions are rare .
One practical difficulty with not checking in automatically generated files is that each time you issue an update command , the version control software is likely to complain about all of these files in your working directory that have not been checked in .
To avoid scrolling through multiple screens of filenames at each update , Subversion and CVS provide functionality to tell the system to ignore certain files or types of files .
Conclusion
Many of the ideas outlined above have been described previously either in the context of computational biology or in general scientific computation .
In particular , much has been written about the need to adopt sound software engineering principles and practices in the context of scientific software development .
For example , Baxter et al . [ 4 ] propose a set of five “ best practices ” for scientific software projects , and Wilson [ 5 ] describes a variety of standard software engineering tools that can be used to make a computational scientist 's life easier .
Although many practical issues described above apply generally to any type of scientific computational research , working with biologists and biological data does present some of its own issues .
For example , many biological data sets are stored in central data repositories .
Basic record keeping — recording in the lab notebook the URL as well as the version number and download date for a given data set — may be sufficient to track simpler data sets .
But for very large or dynamic data , it may be necessary to use a more sophisticated approach .
For example , Boyle et al . [ 6 ] discuss how best to manage complex data repositories in the context of a scientific research program .
In addition , the need to make results accessible to and understandable by wet lab biologists may have practical implications for how a project is managed .
For example , to make the results more understandable , significant effort may need to go into the prose descriptions of experiments in the lab notebook , rather than simply including a figure or table with a few lines of text summarizing the major conclusion .
More practically , differences in operating systems and software may cause logistical difficulties .
For example , computer scientists may prefer to write their documents in the LaTeX typesetting language , whereas biologists may prefer Microsoft Word .
As I mentioned in the Introduction , I intend this article to be more descriptive than prescriptive .
Although I hope that some of the practices I describe above will prove useful for many readers , the most important take - home message is that the logistics of efficiently performing accurate , reproducible computational experiments is a subject worthy of consideration and discussion .
Many relevant topics have not been covered here , including good coding practices , methods for automation of experiments , the logistics of writing a manuscript based on your experimental results , etc .
I therefore encourage interested readers to post comments , suggestions , and critiques via the PLoS Computational Biology Web site .
Acknowledgments I am grateful for helpful input from Zafer Aydin , Mark Diekhans , and Michael Hoffman .
via Charles “ Rad Geek ” Johnson ’s blog : Freedom is not a conservative idea .
It is not a prop for corporate power and the political - economic statist quo .
Libertarianism is , in fact , a revolutionary doctrine , which would undermine and overthrow every form of state coercion and authoritarian control .
If we want liberty in our lifetimes , the realities of our politics need to live up to the promise our principles — we should be radicals , not reformists ; anarchists , not smaller - governmentalists ; defenders of real freed markets and private property , not apologists for corporate capitalism , halfway privatization or existing concentrations of wealth .
Libertarianism should be a people ’s movement and a liberation movement , and we should take our cues not from what ’s politically polite , but from what works for a revolutionary people - power movement .
Here ’s how :
Part One ( 10:00 ) :
Part Two ( 9:59 ) :
Part Three ( 10:00 ) :
Part Four ( 10:04 ) :
Part Five ( 9:57 ) :
Part Six ( 9:03 ) :
Part Seven – Q&A ( 9:38 ) :
Part Eight – Q&A ( 10:24 ) :
Part Nine – Q&A ( 8:24 ) :
( h/t : Bile )
At the 2010 New Hampshire Liberty Forum , hosted by the Free State Project , Mr. Johnson sheds a light on :
the violent labor history of the U.S. and resistance by the anti-authoritarian left early in the 20th century ;
the need for radical change in the zeitgeist ;
the unlimited government intentions of the U.S. Constitution ;
the etymology of ‘ left ’ and ‘ right ’ in political taxonomy and why libertarianism is as ‘ left as it gets ’ ;
the vitality that libertarians to stand against than war , police brutality , government policing itself and the enforcement of borders ;
discusses ‘ pervasive corporate capitalism ’ , wage slavery and the pluralist nature of a participatory market freed from coercion ; and
the moral , strategic value in solidarity with the most downtrodden .
" I want a 9 car garage and be able to enjoy viewing one of them in the living room . "
And so it came to pass , and the people rejoiced .
I love it when rich people go bonkers , do n't you ?
Advertisement
Honestly , if I had a sweet Lamborghini I 'd want to stare at it from my couch , too .
This Tokyo ( naturally ) home was gamely designed by Takuya Tsuchida , who received the instruction above from a client with very particular taste .
Note that the car is on a platform that raises and lowers as you please , placing either in your home or below it .
Remember , it 's not crazy : it 's eccentric .
And totally , unbelievably badass .
[ What We Do Is Secret via Today and Tomorrow ]
Class : Hovercraft
Habitat : Afghanistan and disaster zones , starting in June , according to British manufacturer Aesir .
About the size and shape of a spare tire , the Embla lifts straight up from the ground without the need for a runway , making it more useful to combat soldiers stationed in rough terrain .
Its diminutive size lets it zoom down urban canyons to find hard - to - reach enemy hideouts , and it can send video to a remote PDA - size controller , revealing potential ambushes .
Loaded with explosives , it could even enter an enemy compound on a suicide mission .
Yet it 's not exclusively a military breeda € " Embla 's maneuverability makes it a good scout in emergency scenarios too dangerous for humans to enter .
Behavior : The Embla can change direction on a dime , fly at 50 mph , and climb to 10,000 feet .
It also has the ability to hover in place to , for instance , transmit encrypted HD video .
Notable Feature : Whereas a ducted fan funnels air straight down to generate lift , the Embla 's turbine sucks air in through its top and forces it out through a skirt - like wing .
This design bends the flow toward the ground .
This makes Embla strong enough to carry cameras , weapons and sensors on its belly , oriented toward the terrain it 's watching .
Aesir
Vaccines 'are making our dogs sick as vets cash in '
Aggressive : Charlie the spaniel with owner Niki Davis
Vaccines given to dogs are making them ill , a pet charity claimed yesterday .
Profit - hungry drug companies and vets are ' frightening ' dog owners into inoculating their pets more often than necessary , according to Canine Health Concern .
Some puppies have developed conditions including autism and epilepsy after a raft of injections , it warns .
Catherine O'Driscoll , from the charity , said : ' We are not anti-vaccination .
What we are saying is that currently our pets are receiving far too many .
' The latest scientific research shows that after the first course of injections as a puppy most dogs are immune against these diseases for at least seven years , if not for life .
' Every year pet vaccination companies hold National Vaccination Month , a national campaign when pet owners whose boosters have lapsed by 18 months or more are terrified into having their pet jabbed .
' While the vast majority of vets might simply not be aware of the latest scientific research , we are concerned that for a few undoubtedly doing multiple jabs is a way of making more money from worried pet owners . '
Puppies are vaccinated against distemper , hepatitis , parvovirus , leptospirosis and parainfluenza up to three times by the age of four months .
They may also be immunised against coronavirus , rabies , Lyme disease and bordetella or kennel cough .
Booster shots are given every year or every three or four years .
But some have suffered dramatic changes in behaviour or been diagnosed with cancer within months of the injections , Canine Health Concern says .
In a letter backed by 17 vets and other pet experts , the charity has called on the Veterinary Medicines Directorate , which monitors animal vaccines , to issue new advice on their use .
Mrs O'Driscoll , who believes cats and rabbits could also be at risk , added that a simple blood test would determine whether an animal needed a booster shot .
Richard Allport , a Hertfordshire vet who has signed the letter to the VMD , said he was ' constantly ' seeing animals that had developed ' worrying symptoms ' after vaccination .
But other animal charities said vaccination was vital .
The Dogs Trust said all jabs were thoroughly tested for safety and warned that blood tests were not completely reliable .
Its veterinary director , Chris Laurence , said a study looking for a connection between jabs and sudden ill - health failed to find a link .
Professor Steve Dean , chief executive of the VMD , said : ' Many veterinary surgeons can remember the devastating effects these once common - diseases had on our pets , their owners and families , and the huge benefit vaccines have had on improving the health and welfare of the canine population should be recognised . '
A spokesman added that the 80 million - plus doses of vaccine since 1985 had generated fewer than 7,000 reports of side effects .
When faced with a choice that could yield either short - term satisfaction or longer - term benefits , people with complete information about the options generally go for the quick reward , according to new research from University of Texas at Austin psychologists .
The findings , available online in the journal Judgment and Decision Making , could help better explain the decisions people make on everything from eating right and exercising to spending more on environmentally friendly products .
" You 'd think that with more information about your options , a person would make a better decision .
Our study suggests the opposite , " says Associate Professor Bradley Love , who conducted the research with graduate student Ross Otto .
" To fully appreciate a long - term option , you have to choose it repeatedly and begin to feel the benefits . "
As part of the study , 78 subjects were repeatedly given two options through a computer program that allowed them to accumulate points .
For each choice , one option offered the subject more points .
But choosing the other option could lead to more points further along in the experiment .
A small cash bonus was tied to the subjects ' performance , providing an incentive to rack up more points during the 250 trial questions .
However , subjects who were given full and accurate information about what they would have to give up in the short term to rack up points in the long term , chose the quick payoff more than twice as often as those who were given false information or no information about the rewards they would be giving up .
In a real - life scenario , a student who stayed home to study and then learned he had missed a fun party would be less likely to study next time in a similar situation -- even if that option provides more long - term benefits .
" Basically , people have to stay away from thinking about the short - term pains and gains or they are sunk and , objectively , will end up worse off , " says Love .
While psychologists have long studied how humans make choices , this is among the first research that examines how people measure " what could have been " when they make repeated decisions that affect their future state .
Love says he believes the long - term benefits of specific decisions can be reinforced by tangible rewards , such as a good grade , a raise or promotion , which can serve as markers of long - term success and help overcome short - term biases
" If there no were no conflict in our choices , this would n't be a problem .
But everything has that conflict between short - term and long - term goals , " says Love .
" It 's really hard for a learning system to disentangle what 's good for you in the short term or long - term . "
Paul Ryan and the true cost of health - care reform
After the Blair House Summit , a bunch of you e-mailed to ask what I thought of Rep. Paul Ryan 's argument that the bill " does not control costs " and it " does not reduce deficits . "
There 's a lot going on in Ryan 's remarks ( which you can read here ) , so this might take awhile .
But before we dive so deep into the weeds that we 're seeing earthworms , here 's the basic conclusion : Ryan 's critique scores some clean points and also deploys a couple of dirty tricks , but it does n't damage the bill 's claim to reduce deficits and does n't even engage whether the bill controls costs .
But let 's begin at the beginning .
Ryan says that " the true 10 - year cost of this bill in 10 years " is $ 2.3 trillion .
On this , Ryan is right , but misleading .
In Ryan 's favor , Democrats have artificially lowered the cost of the bill by pushing its start date back to 2014 , even as its 10 - year budget window begins in 2010 .
The 10 - year cost of the bill is really only counting six years of operation .
This was a deceptive effort to keep the bill 's price tag under $ 1 trillion , even as the bill 's price tag was really quite a bit more .
Point for Ryan .
Ryan gets the $ 2.3 trillion by looking at what health - care reform will spend in 2019 and extrapolating that number out across the next 10 years .
I 'll trust that he did the calculation correctly .
The problem is that Ryan uses the classic “ This Is A Big Number " technique to imply that the bill is financially irresponsible , when putting the number in context would show just the opposite .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the bill cuts the deficit far faster in the second decade than in the first .
That 's because the revenues and savings grow much faster than the spending .
The bill might cost $ 2.3 trillion , but it either raises or saves $ 2.95 trillion , for a net deficit impact of negative $ 650 billion .
So although Ryan uses the price tag to imply that the bill 's spending is somehow worse in the second decade than in the first decade , he omits the information that 's actually relevant for his presentation on cost control and deficit reduction .
I imagine the congressman would respond to my previous point by saying that he does n't buy the CBO 's estimates .
His argument here has to do with how the federal budget is structured , or what 's called " double - counting . "
And it 's complicated , so bear with me .
Social Security and Medicare both have trust funds which are supposed to store money to pay for the program 's future costs .
If a new policy saves Social Security $ 50 , and the government then does n't have to borrow $ 50 that it would otherwise have had to borrow to pay for Social Security , that improves the deficit outlook by $ 50 .
With me so far ?
But let 's say that the government then takes that $ 50 from the trust fund and sends it over to an education program .
From the perspective of what 's called the " unified government budget " -- which is the budget we use -- there 's no difference because the government is not borrowing any more money .
To use an example Peter Orszag favors , from an accounting perspective , this is the same as a parent giving his son $ 50 .
The parent may be $ 50 poorer , but the family 's finances are unchanged .
That trust fund , however , has to eventually be paid back .
If you do n't leave the money in the trust fund , then you have to assume that other programs will be cut later when the trust fund 's debts come due .
You have to assume , in effect , that you 'll take the money back from your son , or from another part of the family budget .
Otherwise , you 're double - counting the cash , because you 're assuming that it lowered potential borrowing for Social Security ( count one ) and for the education program ( count two ) .
According to Ryan , there 's about $ 124 billion in double - counted money in the bill .
Assuming his math is correct ( and no one I talked to said it was n't ) , that 's a fair critique .
What is n't fair is to suggest that this is about the health - care bill .
This is how the government does its accounting .
The money flowing into the trust funds is continually used to pay for other government priorities .
And borrowing for other government priorities is not built into trust fund estimates , even though that borrowing also competes with the trust funds in the future ( live by unified government accounting , die by unified government accounting ) .
This was true when Rep. Ryan voted for the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit and the Iraq War , and it 's true now .
And many budget experts think it 's the right way to do things .
Though it 's true that the trust fund will have to be repaid either through spending cuts or tax increases , the trust fund will be repaid .
Otherwise , the government defaults and everything goes to hell .
This assumption that the government will pays its debts is not only necessary for accounting purposes but also for , say , investing in Treasury bonds , or in the stock market , or any other facet of American economic life that presumes the continued fiscal soundness of the American government .
You can argue , they say , that the government should n't use trust fund money to do other things , but that 's not the same thing as saying the accounting should n't presume repayment .
But whether you think the accounting is right or its wrong , it 's not playing fair to change it on the fly .
By the rules that both Republicans and Democrats use , the bill cuts the deficit .
Wherever you fall on double - counting , $ 124 billion is n't much money in the scheme of this thing .
Ryan gets his big money a few paragraphs later , when he makes a much more dishonest argument .
The play here is simple , and it's beneath a politician of Ryan 's reputation :
He attaches the cost of fixing the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate to the health - care reform bill .
For a longer explanation of this issue , head to this post .
The short version :
In 1997 , Republicans passed the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate into law .
The provision created a simple equation meant to hold down Medicare costs and cut doctor payments when they rose .
But the provision was passed when Medicare 's costs were uncommonly low .
Suddenly , SGR was forcing huge cuts rather than the modest adjustments that had been intended .
So legislators began voting to delay implementation rather than cut doctor payments .
The first delay was passed in 2003 , under Republicans .
Then again in 2005 , also under Republicans .
Then in 2006 , under Republicans .
Then in 2007 and 2008 , under Democrats .
For those keeping count at home , this is a policy in a Republican bill that Republicans delayed three times and Democrats delayed twice .
What 's needed is to reform the system so we stop delaying it .
And we will need to do that -- and this is important -- whether or not health - care reform passes .
To put this slightly differently , imagine you 're buying a new house .
But your old house needs $ 20,000 in roof repairs .
You will have to pay for those repairs whether you move or whether you stay , because you can't have your roof caving in come the next heavy rain .
Are your roof repairs part of the cost of the new house ?
If you think so , then you agree with Ryan .
If not , then you do n't .
The SGR problem predates health - care reform and exists irrespective of health - care reform 's fate .
Attempts to lash the two together are nonsensical .
This has gone on long enough , so we 'll address the final point quickly .
Ryan says that the chief actuary of Medicare says the administration is bending the cost curve up .
That 's not quite what he showed .
Rather , health - care reform initially increases spending to cover the uninsured .
That raises the level of spending , but not the curve .
The curve actually flattens .
If you extend the trend out to the second decade -- which is what Ryan does in other parts of his presentation , including for the $ 2.3 trillion figure -- the curve goes down .
Kevin Drum graphed it here , concluding that " a decade after the reforms kick in , we'd be providing health care to at least 30 million more people and spending no more than we would if we did nothing , " which is to say , the curve - bending elements of the plan would 've saved enough money to cancel out the new coverage expenses .
To sum up , then , Ryan makes some good points about the true cost of the bill and realities of the federal budget .
But he purposefully omits any mention of the bill 's expected savings , disingenuously attaches the price tag of a broken Republican policy onto the health - care reform bill , and selectively stops extrapolating trends when they do n't fit his points .
It 's a presentation designed to make the bill look less fiscally responsible than it really is .
But do n't listen to me .
Robert Reischauer is the head of the Urban Institute .
He 's also one of the CBO 's most revered former directors , in no small part because his relentlessly honest cost estimates helped doom Bill Clinton 's bill in 1994 .
I reached him earlier today and asked whether he thought this bill made fiscal sense .
" Were I in Congress and asked to vote on this , " he replied , " I 'd vote in favor . "
The bill is n't perfect , he continued , " but it at least has the prospect for creating a platform over which more significant and far - reaching cost containment can be enacted . "
The same can not be said for the status quo .
The government needs a search warrant to bust into your house , search your files , and pull out any incriminating documents .
It needs the same warrant for files stored on your computer .
So why does n't the same standard apply when the same information is stored in online servers operated by third parties like Google or Microsoft ?
The answer is 1986's Electronic Communications Privacy Act , drafted in a different era .
Many of its distinctions no longer make sense today , such as the one between " private " and " third party " records .
The government has found numerous ways to access material stored in remote servers — notably e-mail — without the traditional warrant and judicial oversight required in the past .
And new sources of data , such as cell phone location records , were n't even envisioned by the earlier law .
To drag the law into the modern era , a coalition of strange bedfellows has formed : EFF , the ACLU , Microsoft , Google , AT&T , the Progress & Freedom Foundation , the Center for Democracy and Technology , and others .
They kicked off a new campaign today called Digital Due Process , which asks for several major changes to existing law .
For instance :
All " private content " held by a service provider should be protected by the same standard as material on your laptop : a warrant must be obtained .
Currently , the rules are murky and confusing ; the government can go after server e-mail older than 180 days , for instance , with only a subpoena ( no judge needed ) , while more recent e-mail needs a warrant .
Warrants must be sought to access location information .
Currently , says the CDT , GPS data is protected by warrant , but other data ( such as that from cell phones ) is not .
Courts have been " all over the ballpark " on this issue .
For " transactional " data ( i.e. , data that might include e-mail headers but not message content ) , the coalition says that a judge should be involved , though a warrant may not be needed .
Subpoenas should only be used where government has a particular person whose data they seek ; they should n't be used for bulk requests on many subscribers at once without a court order .
The group has plenty of heavy hitters on board and appears to be well - funded , with a slick website and snazzy animated video ( embedded below ) .
Digital Due Process video
The civil liberties groups want the rules clarified and tightened , of course , but so do the businesses ; cloud computing providers like Google and ISPs like AT&T each want a predictable , unambiguous set of rules to govern these issues .
The cloud providers also know that their own business is at stake here if people come to feel like they can't trust the protections offered to online content .
As for when the changes might get made , that 's hard to say .
These questions have been percolating for more than a decade without action , and Digital Due Process is n't expecting any legislative action this year .
Mrs Ray was born in Prince Edward Island , Canada .
She moved to the United States aged three .
She lived for 60 years in Anson , Maine , and moved to Westmoreland in 2002 to be near her children .
President Trump Says He Does n't Know Who Proud Boys Are
September 30 , 2020
Before leaving for a campaign rally in Minnesota , President Trump says he does n’t know who the Proud Boys are and that they should “ stand down ” and let law enforcement do its job .
He also talks about his performance in the debate with Joe Biden .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid signaled today that he would support including a public option in a reconciliation bill .
Reid spokesman Rodell Mollineau put out this statement :
Senator Reid has always and continues to support the public option as a way to drive down costs and create competition .
That is why he included the measure in his original health care proposal .
If a decision is made to use reconciliation to advance health care , Senator Reid will work with the White House , House and members of his caucus in an effort to craft a public option that can overcome procedural obstacles and secure enough votes .
The move is a significant step forward for a public option left for dead ( again ) only a few months ago .
Still , there are a number of Democratic Senate moderates who oppose the public option and also have reservations about using reconciliation to pass reform — a possibly deadly combination .
And before getting too excited about the Senate leader 's support for the measure , it 's important to remember that Reid also backed an opt - out public option last fall , which failed to win the 60 votes it needed to pass .
And while reconciliation 's 51 - vote threshold is lower , the post - Massachusetts political environment is also much tougher .
comments closed
permalink
Hello everyone , I am a programmer , with an income of over 30 million a month , I do not know why they get my phone ...
Mar 18 , 2010 – Remarkably , members of the House of Representatives took time from the healthcare hubbub on Wednesday to hear testimony from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , or at least the House Financial Services Committee did .
Benanke 's main point : the Fed wants to oversee all the banks , not just the really big ones .
It 's just better that way , the central banker asserted .
" The Federal Reserve 's participation in the oversight of banks of all sizes significantly improves its ability to carry out its central banking functions , including making monetary policy , lending through the discount window , and fostering financial stability , " Bernanke said .
" The Federal Reserve 's role as a supervisor of state member banks of all sizes , including community banks , offers insights about conditions and prospects across the full range of financial institutions , not just the very largest , and provides useful information about the economy and financial conditions throughout the nation , " he also argued .
Blockbuster Nearly Busted
It has n't been good run of years for video rental chains , with number - two Movie Gallery Inc. in Chapter 11 reorganization and now number - one Blockbuster Inc. teetering on the verge of the same -- or even liquidation .
On Wednesday , Fitch lowered the video chain 's issuer default rating from CCC to C , a rating close enough for the company to feel the cold fingers of default around its neck ( one step away from default , in other words ) .
The move by Fitch came after Blockbuster said that it was experiencing " significant liquidity constraints , " and was trying to talk creditors into restructuring a lot of its debt .
Otherwise , the company explained , bankruptcy might be next .
Unlike most retailers , the Blockbuster 's problems are n't generally attributed to the recession .
Instead , the likes of Netflex , Redbox and movies - on - demand have been eating the chain 's lunch and dinner too .
UBS Re-ups at Hines ' Chicago Building
It 's no secret that office markets nationwide are as sluggish as continental drift -- and thus are tenants ' markets of the first order -- but even so some landlords are managing to persuade major tenants to renew .
Case in point : financial services firm UBS has renewed its lease for 400,000 square feet in One North Wacker Drive ( otherwise known as the UBS Building , and it 's likely to stay that way ) in downtown Chicago .
Considering that direct vacancies in Chicago 's CBD stood at 13.8 percent at the end of 4Q09 , up from 11.4 percent a year earlier , according to U.S. Equities Realty , the renewal is a coup for building owner Hines .
The UBS re-up the largest lease transaction in downtown Chicago since the fourth quarter 2009 lease of 450,000 square feet in the Sears Tower ( which is rumored to have some other name ) by United Airlines .
" The renewal process actually begins on the very first day of a tenant 's lease , " Tom D'Arcy , a senior vice president in Hines ' Chicago office , told CPE .
" You have to shine from the start , no matter what the real estate cycle . "
Wall Street had another up day on Wednesday , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average advancing 47.69 points , or 0.45 percent .
The S&P 500 gained 0.58 percent and the Nasdaq was up 0.47 percent .
All three indexes are at the their highest points since roughly the beginning of the market panic in late 2008 .
Democrats : " We need health care reform "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
Give us a majority and we 'll do it better "
Democrats : " Done , you have majority of both houses "
12 years later , health care is irrefutably worse in every respect for every single person in the United States
Democrats : " We need health care reform "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
Americans are tired of partisan politics ! "
Democrats : " OK , let 's compromise "
Republicans : " OK , get rid of half your ideas "
Democrats : " Done "
Republicans : " Too liberal , get rid of half your ideas "
Democrats : " Done "
Republicans : " Too liberal , get rid of half your ideas "
Democrats : " Done "
Republicans : " Too liberal , get rid of half your ideas "
Democrats : " Done "
Republicans : " Too liberal , get rid of half your ideas "
Democrats : " Done .
Time to end debate "
Republicans : " Too liberal , we need more debate , we will filibuster to prevent you from voting "
Democrats : " OK , we 'll vote - - sorry guys , debate is ended .
It 's time to vote on the bill "
Republicans : " Too liberal , we vote no "
Democrats : " OK , it passed anyway - - sorry guys . "
One month later
Republicans : " Wait - - wait , OK , we have less of a minority now so we can filibuster forever . "
Democrats : " Sorry , the bill already passed , we need it to pass the House now "
Republicans : " But we have enough to filibuster "
Democrats : " Sorry , the bill already passed , we need it to pass the House now "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
You have n't listened to our ideas !
You 've shut us out of this whole process ! "
Democrats : " Sorry , show us your proposal "
Republicans : " Smaller government "
Democrats : " That 's not very specific "
Republicans : " OK , here 's our detailed proposal -- It 's our common - sense ideas we spent 12 years not enacting "
Democrats : " OK , we 'll add a bunch more of your ideas "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
You included all these back - room deals "
Democrats : " OK , we 'll get rid of the back - room deals "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
You 're using obscure procedural tricks to eliminate the back - room deals ! "
Democrats : " No , we 're using reconciliation , which both parties have used dozens of times for much larger bills "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
You 're pressuring Congressmen to vote for your bill !
Scandal ! "
Democrats : " It 's called ' whipping ' , it 's been done since 1789 "
Republicans : " Liberal fascists !
Ca n't you see the American people do n't want this ? "
Democrats : " This bill is mildly unpopular ( 40 - 50 % ) , doing nothing ( your proposal ) is extraordinarily unpopular ( 4 - 6 % ) "
Republicans : " We need to start over !
We need to start over ! "
Democrats : " We should really consider voting - -"
How to Make an Erectile Sundial
You probably rely on your penis for a lot of information : how cold is the water in the pool , how hot is the person standing next to you , how tight are those slacks , and so on .
But did you know your penis can also tell you the time of day ?
By turning your erection into a sundial you can have a unique and very personal timepiece .
Why make an erectile sundial ?
Telling time without a clock is a basic survival skill , like building a fire without matches .
And there will be situations where you find yourself without a watch .
Suppose you ’re at a nudist resort .
Wearing a wristwatch would ruin your look and mess up your seamless tan .
Now you wo n’t have to worry that you ’ll miss the 1 p.m. co-ed volleyball tournament .
This project harkens back to the roots of this ancient method of time keeping .
Many early civilizations used phallic obelisks to cast shadows that tracked the hours and days throughout the year .
You can erect a modern tribute to our ancestors ’ ingenuity with a few simple materials and your own mini-monument .
What You Need An erect penis ( yours or a friend ’s )
A cardboard disk about 1 foot in diameter , plus additional cardboard scraps
A protractor
A calculator
A marker
A sunny day Before you begin , there are also a couple of crucial bits of information you need .
You need to know the latitude of your location ( where it is relative to the equator ) .
And you need to know where true north is , so you know which way to face when telling time .
You can find your latitude by looking on a map .
If you are in North America or Europe , your latitude is probably somewhere between 30 and 45 degrees .
The latitude does not need to be exact ; an approximation within 5 degrees will do .
A standard compass will point toward magnetic north , which can vary according to your location .
You want to find true north , or polar north , which is the direction oriented toward the North Star .
You can find true north by monitoring the length of a shadow during midday .
You can use your penis for this part also , by putting your erection through a cardboard disk and marking its shadow .
If you are worried about your penis getting sunburned , or you cannot maintain an erection long enough , you can use a stick or pencil stuck in the ground , or any perpendicular post type object , like a traffic cone or a T - ball stand .
Start shortly before midday , and watch as the shadow changes size .
Mark the end of the shadow and its direction every five or 10 minutes .
The shadow that is the shortest will be pointing to true north .
Note that midday means the time exactly between sunrise and sunset .
The actual time will depend on where you are and what time of year it is .
Use a newspaper or the internet to find out when sunrise and sunset is in your area .
Then convert the times to military time , add them together , and divide by two to get the time at midday .
For example , if the sun rises at 6:00 a.m. and sets at 7:00 p.m. , that would be 06:00 plus 17:00 equals 23:00 , and dividing by two gives you 11 hours , 30 minutes .
So midday is at 11:30 a.m .
If you ca n’t find out the exact time of sunrise and sunset , approximate times are OK as long as you observe the length and direction of the shadows carefully .
Making a Horizontal Sundial
This is the type of sundial that you are probably most familiar with .
The face is horizontal and round , like a plate resting on a table , and the gnomon ( the part that casts the shadow ) comes up from the center at an angle .
The diameter of the disk you use for the sundial face should be about 1.5 times the length of your erect penis .
To make the face for this sundial you need to do a bit of math .
The lines will be placed radiating from the center on one of half of the disk .
Draw one line across the diameter of the circle and a single line from the center perpendicular to it ( at a 90 degree angle ) .
This will look like an inverted T .
The left side of the crossways line marks 6 p.m. , the right side marks 6 a.m. , and the line straight up is noon .
( If you are in the southern hemisphere this will be reversed , with the numbers going clockwise from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. )
The sun goes around 360 degrees in 24 hours , so it moves 15 degrees per hour ; however , the shadow of your gnomon ( penis ) will travel a different distance over a time interval depending on your latitude .
To adjust for this , the hour line angles ( the angle ø between the noon line and the hour line ) can be calculated using this formula : ø = arctan [ sin ( Latitude ) * tan ( H ) ] where H is 15 degrees times the number of hours before or after 12 noon .
When you ’ve calculated all the angles for the hour lines between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. , use the protractor to mark them on the dial face .
Precisely in the center of the disk , cut a hole just big enough to fit your penis through .
Cut a right triangle out of cardboard where the angle between the hypotenuse and one other side is the angle of your latitude .
Lay on the ground so that the tip of your penis is facing true north ( the direction your head and feet are facing will be determined by whether your penis is erect and pointing up at an angle , or flaccid / semi-erect , and hanging down ) .
Insert it into the hole in the face , with the hour lines under your penis and your penis head aligned with noon .
Hold the dial face as horizontal as possible .
Use the cardboard triangle to check the angle of your penis and make any necessary adjustments .
Your penis ’s shadow should be pointing toward the correct time .
Making a Vertical Sundial
This sort of sundial has a vertical face , which means you need to be standing to use it .
And in order for it to get sun and cast a shadow , you need to face due south if you ’re in the north hemisphere .
If you are in the southern hemisphere , you must face north .
Depending on your latitude , a partial erection will probably be needed , or you can use a cardboard prop to keep your penis at the correct angle .
The angle between your penis and the dial face should be 90 degrees minus your latitude .
For the face of the sundial , the angle ( ø ) of the hour lines is calculated by a different formula : ø = arctan [ cos ( Latitude ) * tan ( H ) ] where H is 15 degrees times the number of hours before or after noon .
As with the horizontal sundial , the angles of the hour lines increase from the noon line .
The vertical sundial face is laid out the same way as the horizontal sundial , but the angles of the hour lines will be different .
After drawing the hour lines using the protractor , cut a hole in the center as described above .
Insert your penis into the hole while standing , with the lines and numbers in the lower half of the face and your penis aligned with noon .
Hold the disk perpendicular to the ground .
In most cases , you will need to have a partial erection to get the proper angle between your penis and the dial face .
Face south so your penis casts a shadow .
Enjoying Your Sundial Since sundials require sunshine , and because this method requires at least partial nudity , a sundial made using a penis is best enjoyed during the summer months .
At any time of year , we strongly advise covering the penis with a sunblock of at least SPF 30 to avoid burning sensitive skin .
Besides being functional , a penis sundial makes a great conversation piece at a garden party , picnic , or other outdoor event .
While demonstrating the historical roots and principles of solar timekeeping , it puts your penis to a practical use .
Dr. Ed Tronick , director of UMass Boston 's new Infant - Parent Mental Health Program and Distinguished Professor of Psychology , discusses the cognitive abilities of infants to read and react to their social surroundings .
Using the " Still Face " Experiment , in which a mother denies her baby attention for a short period of time , Dr. Tronick describes how prolonged lack of attention can move an infant from good socialization , to periods of bad but repairable socialization .
In " ugly " situations the child does not receive any chance to return to the good , and may become stuck .
Sometimes I dream of building a kit car that is stomach crushingly fast , can pull over a g - force around a sharp corner , and can stop so fast that your tongue sticks out .
I need a car ( or truck ? ) so disturbingly fast that I get sick when I drive it .
I want to reach the end of a road before it even begins .
If I were to stuff about 900 horsepower into an AWD “ kit ” car that weighed around 2000 lbs , it would likely plaster me in the drivers seat pretty well .
I know what you are saying .
“ AWD !?
Blasphemy ! ” I too am the type of guy that loves breaking the rear tires loose and getting the car sideways at every possible opportunity , but launching an AWD car at high rpm is really quite impressive .
“ The feeling of 4 tires vigorously ripping away at the pavement during extreme acceleration ” really should be the definition of “ Excitement ” .
I should contact Websters Dictionary on that .
Ok , so back to “ reality ” .
Locost ?
GTM ? MK4 Roadster ?
Factory Five 33 Hotrod ?
Porsche 356 Kit ?
There are so many more options , what would you guys & gals build if you have the space , time , motivation , and funding ??
Images from Locostusa.com , factoryfive.com , VintageSpeedsters.com
Coffee lovers appreciate the mood kick and mental boost a delicious cup of java provides .
The enhanced learning , , and speed of information processing delivers has been well documented scientifically .
New research published on - line in the current issue of the Journal of , reports that coffee can also ward off some effects of aging on the brain .
Previous research has shown that caffeine lessens the damage of Alzheimer 's disease caused by the toxic peptide that forms the senile plaques in brains of Alzheimer 's patients .
This new study examined 641 elderly persons ( over the age of 65 ) living in three cities in France , Bordeaux , Dijon , and Montpellier .
Researchers found a relation between coffee consumption and prevention of cognitive deterioration including the loss of brain tissue in the elderly .
MRI brain scans revealed that women who drank three cups of coffee per day ( or 6 cups of tea ) had lost less brain tissue called white matter than those who drank less .
White matter , like buried phone lines , is a tangled mass of fiber - like connections deep in the brain that connect neurons in the surface layers into functional circuits .
This tissue appears white because of the electrical insulation coating these fibers ( myelin ) , which is essential for transmitting impulses .
After the age of 50 our brain begins to lose white matter brain tissue , but coffee , according to this study , can check the loss .
Only women drinking the equivalent of 3 or more cups of coffee per day were protected .
There was no benefit from drinking less than two cups / day , and curiously , coffee had no protective effect for old men .
differences may be responsible , but the reason for the difference is not known .
The effects may be due to caffeine 's ability to lessen the damaging effect of amyloid deposits in the aging brain , but caffeine also acts on the cells ( called glia ) that form myelin and it stimulates blood flow .
Something to consider the next time you hear the question " Care for a second cup ? "
Ritchie , K. , et al.. , ( 2010 ) Caffeine , Cognitive Function , and White Matter Lesions in the Elderly : Establishing Causality from Epidemiological Evidence .
J. Alzheimer 's Disease , Feb 17 on - line .
State taxes collected in California dropped 13.94 % in 2009 from a year earlier , according to a new report from the U.S. Census Bureau .
That compares with an 8.6 % drop nationwide .
The report does n’t include local or federal taxes or state unemployment compensation taxes .
The state collected just over $ 101 billion in 2009 , down $ 16.4 billion , even though the legislature and governor approved the largest tax increase in state history including hikes in sales , motor vehicle and income taxes .
Among the declines :
Sales and gross receipts – 8.6 %
Individual income - 20.4 %
Corporate - 19.5 %
Most categories of licenses collected more money , including :
Occupational and business + 16.9 %
Motor vehicle +10.1 %
Alcohol beverage +3.4 %
All 50 states collected $ 715.2 billion in 2009 , almost $ 67 billion less than in 2008 .
The nationwide declines include :
Sales taxes , $ 228.1 billion , - 5.4 %
Individual income , $ 245.9 billion , - 11.8 %
Corporate , $ 40.3 billion , - 20.7 %
These three categories made up 72 % of all state government tax collections nationwide .
“ The 2009 state tax collection data is the first component of government finance data released each fiscal year and provides an important indicator of the fiscal condition of state governments , ” said Lisa Blumerman , chief of the Census Bureau ’s Governments Division .
These declines help explain why at least 41 states have shortfalls in their 2010 budgets , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
California ’s 2010 budget has a $ 6.6 billion shortfall and faces a total $ 19.9 billion deficit through next year .
Some states had by even greater revenue declines than California , according to Census data .
For example , Arizona was hit with a 42.5 % decline in individual income taxes in 2009 , largest in the nation , followed by Southe Carolina , - 29.6 % ; Tennessee , - 23.8 % ; and New mexico , - 23.2 % .
Michigan , hard hit by automaker bankruptcies , had the largest percentage drop in corporate taxes , down 63.5 % followed by Oregon , - 45.8 % , New Mexico , - 42.6 % and Utah , - 37.7 % .
Like most people out there , chances are you come to Elder - Geek for the latest news in video game character fashion … well perhaps thats a bit of a stretch , but in this video in preparation for Project Runway the Game , Tim Gunn host and star of the show has come forward to lend his expertise to our all time favorite plumber .
So what do we think folks , does Tim have a point about service clothes ?
Check out the video below for the complete breakdown .
黒麹菌が配合されている酵素サプリ「シボル」、代謝が落ちてオバさん体型になったことに悩んでいた私ですが、飲みだしてからスッキリして見た目が若々しくなってきたんですよ。
シボルを実際に使っている人たちの口コミを見ても、
お通じがスムー ズ
肌の調子がい い
見た目がスッキ リ
食べても太らな い
と評判が高く、1日1粒飲むだけで体がスッキリして若返ってきたという書き込みが多かったんです。
公式サイトでもリアルな口コミが読めるので、気になる人はまずチェックしてみてくださいね。
＞＞すぐにシボルの公式サイトを見る
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
シボルの評判を口コミでチェック
良い口コ ミ
お腹の調子が良くなってきた（20代/女性）
1日1粒でいいのでとても手軽です。
飲み始めて3週間たちましたが、お腹の調子がよくなってきました。
便秘ぎみだったのですが、少し改善されたように思います。
そのせいか、お肌の調子もよくなってすごく嬉しいです。
カプセルが少し大きめだったので、少し飲み込みにくいかなと思いましたが、毎日飲んでいるうちに慣れてきました。
見た目がスッキリしてきた（30代/女性）
1ヶ月とちょっと経った今、見た目がスッキリしたと思います。
顔が太りやすいのですが、食べる量が増えても丸くなったと感じません。
このまま続けたらかなり痩せそうなので、ワクワクしています。
悪い口コ ミ
2週間飲んだが効果なし（30代/女性）
シボルを2週間飲みましたが、あまり成果は得られませんでした。
ちょっとお通じが良くなったかなというくらいです。
痩せなかったので、超ガッカリです。
週2～3回飲んでるけど痩せない（40代/女性）
週 に2～3回続けていますが、体重は変化しません。
やっぱり毎日飲まないと効果がないのかもしれませんね。
忘れっぽいので、毎日飲むのは難しいです。
口コミまと め
お通じがよくなっ た
肌の調子がバッチ リ
見た目がスッキリしてきた
太りにくくなっ た
シボルを実際に飲んでいる人の口コミを読むと、多くの人が効果に満足し評判が良いことがわかりました。
一番多かった口コミは、 「 体がスッキリしてきた」という声です。
今まで便秘がちだったのに毎朝出るようになった人や、むくみがちだった体型がスッキリしてきた人が多くとても好評です。
飲むだけなのに結果が出るから、評判になるんですね。
また、1日に1回飲むだけなので「飲み方が簡単」なのも高く評価されていましたよ。
なお、悪評も一部ありましたが、使用期間が短かったり毎日飲んでいなかったりと、気にするほどの内容ではありませんでした。
公式サイトでもシボルを実際に飲んでいる人たちのリアルな口コミが読めますので、気になる方はチェックしてくださいね。
＞＞もっとシボルの口コミを見るならコチラ
シボルとは※ためやすい体質でもスッキリする酵素サプリ
シボルは黒麹菌の力で理想の体を作りながらエイジングケアをし、年齢とともに低下する基礎代謝力を引き戻す効果のあるサプリメントです。
糖化菌がオリゴ糖に分解するため、吸収されて体内フローラを整えることができます。
国内有数の認定工場で作られているため安心でき、粒状のため手軽に摂取しやすく痩せるために必要な栄養素を摂取できます。
栄養管理士や薬剤師が監修し理想のボディを実現でき、添加物が入っていないため安心して飲めることが特徴です。
成分別の効果と副作用について
全成分
穀物麹抽出濃縮物(難消化性デキストリン、玄米麹抽出濃縮物、大豆麹抽出濃縮物)(国内製造)、穀物麹(大麦、あわ、ひえ、きび、タカキビ、紫黒米、米粉)、穀物発酵エキス末(穀物発酵エキス、マルトデキストリン)、枯草菌末(マルトデキストリン、枯草菌)、納豆菌末(マルトデキストリン、納豆菌)、澱粉、酪酸菌末、穀物加工品、穀物麹(白米、大麦、赤米、玄米、あわ、きび、黒米、タカキビ、ひえ)、酒粕粉末、混合ハーブエキス末(マルトデキストリン、ドクダミ、セイヨウサンザシ
、ローマカミツレ、ブドウ葉)、酒粕発酵物/HPMC、ステアリン酸カルシウム、微粒酸化ケイ素、着色料(カラメル) 、( 一部に乳成分・大豆・小麦を含む)
こだわり成分でスッキリ効果
シボルには黒麹菌で発酵した25種類の雑穀麹と、納豆菌と枯草菌をミックスさせた糖化菌が配合されています。
黒麹菌と糖化菌は相性抜群で、しっかり脂肪燃焼させ代謝を上げる効果があります。
また、黒麹菌の力で理想の体を作れてエイジングケアもでき、年齢とともに低下する基礎代謝力を引き戻す効果があります。
基礎代謝を高めることと体に必要な栄養素を摂取できるので、健康な体とダイエットを両立することができますよ。
また、糖化菌がオリゴ糖に分解するため、吸収されて体内フローラを整えることができます。
そして、酵素は燃焼と代謝のサイクルを高め、糖化菌と組み合わせることで理想のサイクルを生み出す効果が高いです。
他にも、酒粕を発酵させ脂肪を吸着するプロファイバーや、カツミレ、サンザシ、どくだみ、ぶどう葉が配合されているので、エイジングケアをサポートします。
副作用の危険性について
今現在、副作用についての報告はありません。
また、香料や着色料、保存料、防カビ剤などの9つの添加物が無添加なので、体に優しいサプリメントです。
基本の飲み方と大事なポイント
シボルは薬ではないため、飲み方に定められた時間はありません。
1日1粒を目安に朝食後または夕食後を目処に飲むと効果を期待できます。
一番大切なの は 、1日の摂取量を守って飲むという事と、毎日欠かさず飲み忘れないように飲むという事です。
効果が出るかもしれないと1日2粒以上飲もうとされる人がいますが、これでは効果が出るどころか体調を崩す原因にもなりかねません。
1日の摂取量は守るようにしましょう。
また飲む日、飲まない日があると効果が継続されませんので、これも忘れないようにしたいですね。
シボルはどこで売ってるか通販＆市販の販売店を表にしました
販売店 取扱 価格や特典 公式サイト 〇 初回92%OFF
2回目以降26%OFF
送料無料 楽天 × amazon △ 5,980 円 メルカリ・ヤフオク △ 公式サイト初回分の 約 1.5～2 倍 薬局 × ドンキ × ロフト × 東急ハンズ ×
楽天・amazonの取扱店舗
調査時点ではシボルの取扱店舗は楽天にはありませんでした。
amazonでは取り扱いがありますが、定価での販売なのでお得感はありません。
また、通販大手といえど、楽天もamazonも個人が出品していることもあり、まれに新品と偽って中古品が売られているケースもありますので、やっぱり公式サイトで始めるのがベターですよね。
メルカリ・ヤフオクでお試しする場合の値段と安全性
シボルの公式サイトの初回分と比べて、やや割高の値段で出品されているものが多かったです。
また、メルカリやヤフオクは1品からお試しできますが、楽天やamazon以上に下記のようなトラブルが多いと言えます。
商品が届かない 商品が類似品や偽物だった 商品取引相手と連絡が取れなくなっ た
実際に、国民生活センターでも注意喚起されています。
安心を買うという意味でも公式サイトで始めるのが絶対におすすめです。
マツキヨなど薬局・ドラッグストアの販売店舗
次の大手10社を調査しましたが、すべてシボルの取扱店舗はありませんでした。
マツキヨ ツルハドラッグ ウエルシア薬局 コスモス薬品 スギ薬局 サンドラッグ ココカラファイン クリエイト カワチ薬局 クスリのアオ キ
ドンキやロフト・東急ハンズの市販状況
薬局・ドラッグストアと同様に取扱店舗は存在しませんでした。
定期コースの解約方法と回数しばりについて
しばりは4回分だけで5回目から解約OKです。
公式サイトのキャンペーンがお得な理由
初回92%OFF（500円） 2回目以降26%OFF（4,425円） 初回からずっと全国送料無料
公式キャンペーンは今だけですので、せっかくのチャンスを逃さないでくださいね。
＞＞シボルの公式キャンペーンの詳細はコチラ
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
販売者情 報
It seemed like a good idea .
Diabetics are at an unusually high risk of heart disease , heart attack and stroke , so sharply reducing their blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar should be highly beneficial .
But a decade of studies of thousands of patients show that is not the case .
Two new reports from a major nationwide trial called ACCORD released Sunday show that lowering either blood pressure or cholesterol below current guidelines does not provide additional benefit and , in fact , increases the risk of side effects .
A third arm of the study , released two years ago , shows that excessively lowering blood sugar levels actually increases the risk of heart disease .
The results are disappointing , researchers say , because they suggest that clinicians may have reached the limit of what they can do for diabetic patients without developing new therapeutic approaches .
But the good news is , the findings “ reduce the cost and potential side effects of drug therapy ” and mean that patients will not have to work as hard at reducing blood sugars , lipids and blood pressure , said Dr. Denise Simons - Morton of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute , which funded the trial .
“ The take - home message is that the standard care approaches are pretty good .
If we try to go beyond them , it does n’t provide additional benefit , ” she said .
Diabetes has become a tremendous problem in the United States , with at least 21 million people afflicted with Type 2 diabetes -- in which cells do not respond properly to insulin produced by the pancreas -- and millions more at risk because of obesity .
Most diabetics also have high blood pressure and high cholesterol , factors that raise their risk of heart attack and stroke to the same level as that of people who already have suffered a heart attack .
Many doctors have reasoned that aggressively lowering blood pressure and lipids below nationally recommended levels might decrease the risk of heart disease , and ACCORD , or Action to Control Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes , was created to study the possibility .
In one arm of the study , Dr. William C. Cushman of the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Memphis , Tenn. , and his colleagues at 77 medical centers enrolled 4,733 Type 2 diabetics with high cholesterol and cardiovascular disease or a high risk of developing it .
They were randomly assigned to treatment regimens to lower their systolic blood pressure -- the top number in a blood pressure measurement -- below 140 mm Hg , the standard treatment goal for diabetics , or below 120 mm Hg , the target goal .
Patients in the intensive treatment group took an average of 3.6 medications to lower blood pressure , and those in the normal treatment group took two .
Cushman reported Sunday at an Atlanta meeting of the American College of Cardiology and in a paper published online in the New England Journal of Medicine that the treatment group achieved an average systolic blood pressure of 119 mm
Hg but had no decrease in heart attacks , cardiovascular disease or deaths .
Patients did have fewer strokes , 62 in the normal treatment group compared with 36 in the intensive treatment group , but that was offset by such side effects as abnormally low blood pressure or high levels of potassium .
Some laboratory measures of kidney function were also abnormal in the intensive treatment group , although there was no increase in kidney failure .
Thus , “ the main conclusion to draw from this study must be that a systolic blood pressure target below 120 mm Hg in patients with Type 2 diabetes is not justified by the evidence , ” wrote Dr. Peter M. Nilsson of University Hospital in Malmo , Sweden , in an editorial accompanying the report .
In the second arm of the study , Dr. Henry N. Ginsberg of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons studied 5,518 similar patients with high cholesterol levels .
One group was given the cholesterol - lowering drug simvastatin , and the second group was given both simvastatin and a fibrate , a class of drug that lowers cholesterol and increases levels of high - density lipoproteins or HDL , the so - called good cholesterol .
Ginsberg reported at the meeting and in a separate paper in the New England Journal that the addition of fibrate to the regimen provided no benefit on any measure .
There was a trend toward a benefit in patients with the highest cholesterol and the lowest HDL levels , but that group was not large enough for the results to be statistically significant .
“ My personal opinion is that we need to put more effort into prevention , ” Simons - Morton said .
“ If we prevent diabetes in the first place , we reduce risk .
Once they have diabetes and risk factors , we are never going to treat down to a level of risk as if they never had diabetes . ”
thomas.maugh@ latimes.com
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - Space Exploration
Technologies fired up the engines of its debut Falcon 9 rocket on Tuesday , a key milestone in its quest to fly cargo -- and eventually astronauts -- to the International Space Station .
The Falcon 9 launch vehicle with Dragon qualification spacecraft raised to vertical on the launch pad at SLC - 40 , Cape Canaveral , Florida , in an image courtesy of SpaceX .
REUTERS / SpaceX / Handout
The engine firing occurred at the privately owned company ’s Cape Canaveral , Florida , launch site , where the Falcon 9 rocket is being prepared for a company - sponsored demonstration flight this spring .
Results of the engine test , which had been expected to last about 3.5 seconds , were not immediately available .
Flames and small puffs of smoke could be seen around the base of the rocket via a NASA video camera .
The rocket is perched on a refurbished oceanside launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , just south of the space shuttle launch pads at the Kennedy Space Center .
Space Exploration Technologies , a California - based company known as SpaceX , is owned and operated by Internet entrepreneur Elon Musk .
It is building launch vehicles and spacecraft to take over the job of delivering cargo to the space station , which has up to now been government - run .
It holds NASA contracts for 15 Falcon 9 flights -- three test flights and 12 cargo resupply missions to the space station -- worth about $ 1.9 billion .
Options for additional flights would boost the cargo - delivery contract to more than $ 3 billion .
President Barack Obama , who plans to hold a summit on space in Florida next month , wants to add $ 6 billion to NASA ’s budget over the next five years to spur development of space taxis that can transport astronauts to and from the space station .
With the retirement of the space shuttle fleet later this year , NASA already has turned over station crew transportation to Russia , which charges the United States about $ 51 million per seat for rides on its Soyuz rockets .
SpaceX shares NASA ’s commercial rocket development and cargo delivery services with Virginia - based Orbital Science Corp , which plans to debut its Taurus II rocket and Cygnus spacecraft before April 2011 .
My musings on various topics , with a focus on humanistic naturalism .
The notion that a failure to plan is nothing more than a plan to fail is one of the more heavily trafficked pieces of common sense , but it appears that the baby boomers are exempt from its wisdom .
Instead , it will be their children who will be forced to cover the costs associated with their failure to prepare for retirement .
At least , that was the message that emerged from December ’s “ pension summit ” in Whitehorse , where finance ministers and senior government officials from across Canada met to formulate a response to the failure of Canada ’s baby boomers to adequately prepare for their own retirement .
A turbulent decade in the equity markets , a marked decline in the number of private - sector pension plans , and an unwillingness or inability on boomers ’ part to save enough means many members of Canada ’s biggest generation face retirement years that may not exactly be golden .
But while there are ideological and political differences of opinion on how this apparent crisis ought to be addressed , one thing was clear : the en masse retirement of the boomers presents a huge challenge that is still going untended .
Right now , Canada has one of the more generous government benefit plans in the world , with the combined income from the Canada Pension Plan , Old Age Security , and the Guaranteed Income Supplement totalling as much as $ 36,000 per couple , or $ 19,000 per person as of 2009 .
Improving the lot of Canada ’s retirees is a worthy goal , and the question of retirement income deserves closer study given the virtual disappearance of defined benefit pension plans in the private sector and the sorry fact that bankrupt companies ’ pension recipients are among the last to be paid when creditors come to collect — as ex-employees of Nortel recently learned .
But there is something wrong if improving today ’s pensions means saddling tomorrow ’s workers with the bill — a very real possibility when it comes to pension reform .
One of the most popular solutions floated in Whitehorse was a significant increase in contributions to the Canada Pension Plan in order to pay for the imminent bulge of retirees .
One scenario would see employee contributions rise from 4.95 percent to eight percent , a 60 percent increase ( and a 300 percent increase from the rates the boomers themselves paid for much of their working lives ) .
Harry Satanove , an actuary and pension advisor , worries that placing the burden of pension reform on young Canadians , many of whom are saddled with monstrous levels of student debt and all of whom suffer disproportionately from the consequences of a stiffening job market , is unfair .
“ We should n’t be relying on our kids and grandkids to pay for our pensions , ” he said in a December 11 , 2009 , article on pension reform published in the Tyee .
“ There ’s not enough of them to support all of us . ”
Unfortunately , that appears to be precisely the plan , and not just when it comes to pension reform , either .
The federal and provincial governments failed to anticipate the crunch , and the shortfall will have to be covered by the next generation of taxpayers .
Thanks to a declining birth rate , the number of elderly Canadians has been on the rise for some time and that figure will peak in the next 30 years as the “ dependency ratio ” — the number of workers for every non-working adult — falls from five - to - one today to twoto - one by 2040 .
One study from early 2009 estimated that pension , health care , and other senior - related programs will cost $ 1.5 trillion over the next 50 years .
Rising costs and falling revenues — partly owing to new debt from 2009 ’s stimulus spending — are a toxic combination .
Yet there has been no national conversation of any significance , no meeting of provincial and federal ministers , and no sense of urgency about how Canada will fund this massive liability .
In view of these facts , the recent panic over the state of Canada ’s retirement infrastructure establishes a worrying precedent .
Those speaking on behalf of Canada ’s baby boomers prefer to frame the retirement issue as an effort to improve the post - work prospects for all future generations , but the timing of its arrival on the national stage betrays that elegant smokescreen :
It is no coincidence that retirement - related issues suddenly became a pressing national concern as the first baby boomers began to collect retirement benefits — just as it wo n’t be when health care , assisted suicide , and other senior - related issues become pressing concerns in their own time .
That ’s not to attribute malicious motives to the boomers , but instead to acknowledge their demographic dominance simply overwhelms the agendas of other constituencies .
Federal and provincial politicians have reacted to the concerns of Canada ’s largest generation with a degree of responsiveness unheard of on files like student debt or the environment .
And it is n’t surprising that the boomers have the ear of policy - makers , given both their numbers and their relative enthusiasm for voting .
But privileging the interests of one demographic over those of another is a recipe for conflict .
Younger Canadians can only hope that the politics of the next 40 years is n’t defined by it .
mike adams unveils the cold fusion cover-up
Mike Adams ' next favorite conspiracy is cold fusion and his new favorite villains are the members of the hot fusion lobby , which does n't exist since fusion for power generation is yet to happen .
Last week , I wrote a follow up post on the living alt med conspiracy klaxon we know as Mike Adams and how he sees most of the world around him , i.e. though the standard issue crank goggles .
After a furious fit which was written to slime his skeptics by using his nearly non-existent knowledge of science as a bludgeon and parading his 9/11 Truther convictions with the kind of condescension you can only get from those who are so utterly oblivious to what they say in public , they ’d try to argue with you that the sky is actually purple , he decided to throw all his energies at the recent retraction of the Wakefield study which spawned today ’s anti-vaxers .
And to make his point , he decided to once again probe the seemingly bottomless pits of his inflamed paranoia to produce a scathing rebuke of a conspiracy to suppress cold fusion by the agents of the “ hot fusion ” industry .
There are three steps at being a professional conspiracy theorist .
The first is to create some sort of a sinister conspiracy .
No surprise there , I ’m sure .
However , the trick is that the conspiracy theory does n’t need to have a connection to your field of commercial interest .
It need only to exist .
If you ’ve already used every conspiracy you can think of , create one on the fly .
Step two is to find a villain , which should n’t be all that tough .
Just chalk it up to a big something and its nefarious agents in the media and corporations , and you ’ll be fine .
You can use the good old standbys like Big Pharma or Big Oil or Big Government and its subsets like military black ops , legal machinations by lobbyists , or just big businesses in general .
The last step is to use this conspiracy to attract the attention of people who vehemently oppose anything conventional and eagerly rush to embrace anything contrarian as infallible , and sell them your product using the Galileo Gambit and a quick nod to the conspiracy theory you ’ve detailed .
This will serve as proof that because you say something seemingly wrong , you should actually be right by the very virtue of being different , just like the poor , oppressed victims of the Big Blank .
This , in a nutshell , is Mike Adams ’ general business plan .
So how exactly does the great hot fusion conspiracy have anything to do with Wakefield ?
Well , you see , when the maverick doctor working for trial lawyers interested in suing major pharmaceutical companies and using his work to create his own version of the MMR vaccines , announced his ground - breaking results , Big Pharma tried to silence him for over a decade .
Just like the evil scientists working on hot fusion tried to silence a cold fusion discovery by Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons by viciously discrediting them to maintain their “ hot fusion ” monopoly in the apparently booming business of nuclear fusion …
The conventional physics community went berserk , attacking Fleischmann and Pons relentlessly , attempting to destroy their character and any scientific credibility they might have held .
[ Physicists ] paraded a gang of “ hot fusion ” scientists through the mainstream media , telling everyone it was “ impossible ” to create nuclear fusion at tabletop temperatures .
Through a repetition of lies , they convinced the world that Fleischmann and Pons were frauds .
Yeah , that ’s a great story and all .
The only problem is that it never happened .
Scientists did what they do with any claim .
They tested the claim that something odd was going on when current was fed through a palladium cathode in heavy water .
After replicating the original setup and feeding current to the fuel cell for weeks , there was an elevation in temperature as some reaction was taking place in the heavy water .
However , it was n’t the dramatic 20 °C rise reported by Fleischmann and Pons , and teams of experts could n’t detect the tell - tale signs of fusion .
There was no elevation in gamma rays or flow of neutrons in the heavy water .
In fact a trial by experts from Brookhaven and Yale found an unremarkable 0.4 °C rise in temperature instead .
Likewise , the study by nuclear experts in the UK showed no dramatic effects and both teams ruled that the slight interactions in the fuel cell may have been problems with the instruments or the effect of cosmic rays which constantly rain down on us from the upper atmosphere , or in other words , nothing as exotic as nuclear fusion .
But forget all that scientific mumbo- jumbo about peer review and subsequent testing .
Our little conspiratorial airhead has no use for those elitist tools of our invisible oppressors .
Instead he insists that the only reason a cold fusion reactor is n’t supplying power to our cities today is because billions of dollars were invested in hot fusion technology and tens of thousands of lives hinge on it , which is why Fleischmann and Pons were tarred and attacked so badly that scientists went so far as to shrug at their claims and said they could n’t replicate the results of their experiment .
Their original paper was never even retracted or threatened , that ’s how furious the sinister agents of the hot fusion lobby were .
Really , at this point I wonder if in math class , when Adams wrote that 2 + 2 = 5 and got points off his work , he blamed his mistake on a conspiracy by Big Math and it ’s insidious Big Integer agents in schools …
( CNN ) --
A second former New Orleans police officer pleaded guilty Thursday in connection with police shootings of civilians on a Louisiana bridge in the days following Hurricane Katrina , authorities said .
Jeffrey Lehrmann , a former police detective who now works as a special agent for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , pleaded guilty in federal court to a charge that he failed to report a cover - up in the investigation of the Danziger Bridge shootings in New Orleans , the Department of Justice said in a statement Thursday .
Lehrmann also admitted he helped compile a false report on the incidents , and was with others when they planted a gun as part of the cover - up , according to court documents .
Last month , former police Lt. Michael Lohman pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice in connection with the cover-up .
Two civilians were killed and four others wounded in the shootings on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast .
In the first shooting , on the east side of the bridge , one person -- later identified as James Brissette , 19 -- was killed and four wounded , prosecutors said .
In a second shooting , on the bridge 's west side , Ronald Madison , 40 , a severely disabled man , was killed .
Madison 's brother was arrested but later released without indictment , authorities said .
" The police maintained that they fired at the civilians in self - defense , after the civilian fired at police , " the statement said .
" However ... Lohman pleaded guilty in federal court to conspiring with other officers to cover up what he had determined was a ' bad shoot ' on the bridge .
Today , defendant Lehrmann admitted that he also knew of and participated in a conspiracy to obstruct justice in the investigation of the shooting . "
Lehrmann faces a sentence of up to three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced June 10 , and Lohman faces up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine at his May 26 sentencing .
Jim Letten , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana , said that while Lehrmann 's conviction is the second in the case , " this officer was the first to enter into an agreement with the United States and provide cooperation . "
Lehrmann learned from a New Orleans police supervisor , identified in court documents as " the investigator , " that an officer had " shot an innocent man " on the bridge , prosecutors said in the Department of Justice statement , citing the documents .
Upon hearing that comment , Lehrmann determined it was a " bad shoot , " meaning it was not legally justified , authorities said .
" Lehrmann admitted that he participated with his supervisors in the creation of a report that included false statements by the officers involved in the shooting ; false claims about a gun that had in fact been planted by the investigator ; and fabricated statements from witnesses who did not really exist , " prosecutors said .
" Lehrmann also admitted that the report of the Danziger Bridge investigation included false statements alleged to have been given by two of the victims of the police shooting . "
According court documents , Lehrmann said the report of the incident indicated the investigator had returned to the bridge the day after the shooting and found a gun in the grass below the scene of one shooting .
But Lehrmann said that story was " a lie . "
He told authorities that after the shooting , he and two sergeants drove with the investigator to the investigator 's home , where the investigator retrieved a bag from his garage .
Asked what was in the bag , the investigator said , " A ham sandwich , " according to the documents .
" Lehrmann then looked in the bag and saw a gun that would be used in the Danziger Bridge investigation , " prosecutors said in the statement .
" Once the investigator assured Lehrmann and the sergeants that the gun was ' clean , ' meaning it could not be traced to another crime , they all went along with the plan to plant the gun . "
At the time of Lohman 's guilty plea , authorities suggested that other indictments would follow .
However , an information was filed in Lehrmann 's case , showing he was not indicted .
Informations can be filed when a defendant waives indictment by a grand jury , according to the federal courts '
Web site .
The shootings occurred after several officers , responding to a call for assistance , drove to the bridge and encountered six civilians who were walking across it to get food and supplies , according to the indictment filed in Lohman 's case .
The officers fired , killing Brissette , and then traveled to the other side of the bridge , where Madison was shot .
Madison was shot seven times -- five times in the back , the coroner said .
His brother , Lance , was arrested on suspicion of eight counts of attempted murder of a police officer and held for weeks before his release , according to the indictment .
State prosecutors pursued criminal charges against several police officers without success .
In August 2008 , a judge quashed indictments against Sgts. Kenneth Bowen and Robert Gisevius Jr. , Officer Anthony Villavaso II and former Officer Robert Faulcon Jr. , all of whom were facing first - degree murder and attempted murder charges .
In addition , the judge threw out attempted first - degree murder charges against Officers Mike Hunter Jr. and Robert Barrios , and attempted second - degree murder charges against Officer Ignatius Hills .
Federal prosecutors opened an investigation after the judge 's actions .
Legal scholars have said that while more might be indicted , it 's unclear whether any other officers will be charged in the shootings .
" There 's no evidence the officers shot out of malice , " Dane Ciolino , a professor at Loyola University New Orleans ' College of Law , said last month .
" It was probably negligence , ratcheted up to a federal offense by the cover - up . "
Beyond domino toppling lies the next big thing in kinetic art : xyloexplosive devices .
I met kinetic artist Tim Fort when he put on a workshop at the wonderful Leonardo 's Basement in Minneapolis and taught me the basics of stick bomb building .
Fort apparently holds the world 's record for building the largest such device , shown in this recently recorded video clip .
SOLD OUT !
The Oatmeal comic book is sold out and is no longer available for purchase .
A new , full - sized book will be available in the fall .
If you would like to be notified when the new book is available , please sign up for The Oatmeal newsletter .
In the meantime , shop posters and other stuff !
Things have changed since Barack Obama outlined his health care plan in Iowa in 2007 -- and not just the fact that Obama is president and just signed a new health care into law .
Three years ago , aides estimated the cost of Obama 's health care plan at $ 50 billion to $ 65 billion ; the plan Obama signed into law this week is projected at $ 938 billion over 10 years .
In 2007 , Obama said , " If you are one of the 45 million Americans who do n't have health insurance , you will have it after this plan becomes law . "
The new law wo n't cover about 23 million people .
During the campaign , Obama opposed a requirement that all Americans buy insurance or face fines .
He changed his position as president , and this bill has a mandate .
There are many similarities between what Obama said in 2007 and what is now law .
Then and now , Obama spoke of how rising insurance rates were bankrupting people and businesses and of the waste and inefficiencies within the health care system .
He pledged to block insurance providers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions .
The Obama of 2007 cited historic health care efforts .
He spoke of how President Lyndon Johnson signed the Medicare bill at the home of ex-president Harry Truman , who had fought unsuccessfully for a health care bill of his own .
In 2007 , Obama said , " Never forget that we have it within our power to shape history in this country .
It is not in our character to sit idly by as victims of fate or circumstance , for we are a people of action and innovation , forever pushing the boundaries of what 's possible . "
Tuesday , just before signing the health care bill , President Obama said , " We are a nation that does what is hard .
What is necessary .
What is right .
Here , in this country , we shape our own destiny .
That is what we do .
That is who we are . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
Mean old man McCain has a sad :
Democrats should n’t expect much cooperation from Republicans the rest of this year , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) warned Monday .
McCain and another Republican senator decried the effect health reform legislation has had on the Senate , a day after the House passed the upper chamber ’s bill .
GOP senators emerged Monday to caution that the health debate had taken a toll on the institution , warning of little work between parties the rest of this year .
“ There will be no cooperation for the rest of the year , ” McCain said during an interview Monday on an Arizona radio affiliate .
“ They have poisoned the well in what they ’ve done and how they ’ve done it . ”
Oh no !
Not obstructionism !
They would n’t dare try that !
What is amazing is that a Senator is openly saying “ Fuck the nation ’s business , we ’re a bunch of kids , ” and no one in the media will point out how worthless and childish the Republicans are .
Even worse , no one is even surprised .
*** Update ***
My , my my .
Seems like a big win and the Democrats have grown a pair .
Check out this from Harry Reid :
Washington , DC — Spokesman for Nevada Senator Harry Reid , Jim Manley , released the following statement today regarding Senator McCain ’s comment pledging no cooperation from Republicans for the rest of the year : “ For someone who campaigned on ‘ Country First ’ and claims to take great pride in bipartisanship , it ’s absolutely bizarre for Senator McCain to tell the American people he is going to take his ball and go home until the next election .
He must be living in some parallel universe because the fact is , with very few exceptions , we ’ve gotten very little cooperation from Senate Republicans in recent years .
“ At a time when our economy is suffering and we ’re fighting two wars , the American people need Senator McCain and his fellow Republicans to start working with us to confront the challenges facing our country — not reiterating their constant opposition to helping working families when they need it most . ”
They even threw the “ Country First ! ” stuff in his face .
I think I need a cigarette .
Advertisement
Linux ( GNOME - based ) :
There are work - arounds to set Gmail as a default mail app in Linux , but they do n't cover right - click file sending and complex mail links .
Gnome Gmail does a much better job of integrating Gmail .
Make Gmail Ubuntu's Default Mail Client
If you 're both a Gmail junkie and Ubuntu user , you might have set up Thunderbird as your ultimate Read more
Advertisement
Download a DEB ( Ubuntu / Debian ) or RPM ( Fedora / openSUSE ) package from the site , install it , and then head to your Preferred Applications preference ( in Preferences , under the System menu in Ubuntu , for example ) .
Set Gmail as your " Mail Reader , " and now it should really respond like a desktop client — on email links in every browser , when you right - click a file and select " Send to , " and with full functionality when email links include cc : or pre-written subject lines .
Google Apps users , you 're not left out in the cold — hit the Configure link when you 're asked to sign into Gmail on a right - click Send To action , and you can add your Google Apps login and make it the default .
Gnome Gmail is a free download for Linux systems running a GNOME desktop .
Gnome Gmail [ SourceForge ]
On Friday we visited a genocide memorial in Kigali .
It ’s set up somewhat similarly to DC ’s holocaust museum–informative , but also commemorative , respectful and emotional .
Somehow , in my several days of considering all the differences between Gulu and Kigali , it never crossed my mind how different studying the conflicts would be .
In fact , the conflicts are different in almost every way .
Uganda ’s civil war stretched on for 23 years .
Rwanda ’s genocide lasted only 100 days .
Uganda ’s conflict ended a mere 2 - 3 years ago .
Rwanda has had 16 years to recover from and digest theirs .
Perhaps because of how concentrated that violence , or perhaps because the country has had more time to build memorials and process the tragedy , the genocide feels more tangible .
The memorial ’s displays of machetes , clubs , and pipes used to beat victims to death sharply called to mind how physically difficult it is to kill another human , and therefore all the more horrible .
The pictures of bodies covering the floor and tables of a school house clearly depicted just how horrific the extent of the killing was .
Letters and reports to the UN , the US , and other countries that could have offered aid , detailed how unequivocal the world ’s neglect was .
One part of the memorial was dedicated to the children who had died .
Plaques below photos told the child ’s name , birthdate , cause of death , and a few personal details like “ favorite food ” or “ hobbies ” .
Some plaques also offered the child ’s last words .
I ’m really not much of a crier , but one child ’s last words of “ Mum , where should I run to ? ” nearly had me in tears .
Another child ’s last words of “ UNAMIR will come for us ” left me furious .
Not only did Kofi Annan and the UN do nothing to help , despite UNAMIR chief , General Dellaire ’s reports , warnings , and calls for aid , but they in fact withdrew troops and instructed Dellaire not , under any circumstances to use force .
One placard estimated that a mere 5,000 troops were necessary to stop the genocide .
Another one of the most horrifying aspects of the conflict to me , is how purposeless it was .
Rwanda is a beautiful , lush land .
There is enough food and water for all .
Resources were not the root of this conflict .
In fact , tribalism was not even the root of the conflict .
Indeed , before colonialists arrived , Hutus and Tutsis lived as one people , with one culture , one language , one religion , not as two divided warring tribes .
The ethnic divisions in Rwanda were entirely created by colonialism .
They “ tribal lines ” they created were based on socio- economic status , and grew to encompass every aspect of life .
The genocide was an act of retribution , punishing the Belgian - favored Tutsis for their years of power .
But the Hutus were not attempting to seize power–they already had it .
The Hutus stood to gain nothing but the extinction of their brothers .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted March 24 , 2010 by papadurbin in Uncategorized .
121 Comments
SPOILER ALERT !!!!!
If you have not seen the latest episode of Lost you are all at once missing out and missing nothing .
And you should not read this until you check that thing out because I am going to talk about it .
That ’s the point of this webternet site .
I tell you what .
This is my favorite episode so far .
One plot line .
Not a lot happening .
Veeeery straightforward .
Sign me up for more of these .
Now , of course , the downside is since we did n’t get much done this hour we ’re in for more ultra plot packed episodes in the future .
Sigh .
While we ’re fist bumping the writers , they had a real nice recovery from last week ’s misogyny episode .
This episode was clearly for the ladies .
It was like reading a Harlequin romance novel that had all the intimate parts edited out so it could be put in the school library .
Plus , no women were harmed in the making of this episode .
Good work , fellas .
Unless this was a work of fan fiction .
Which I ’m not entirely convinced it was not .
Eesh , that was a lot of negatives .
I ’m gonna call Richard by the name he deserves , Ricardo .
Seems more fitting .
So without further ado , Ricardo ’s episode ; entitled , Amor en la Isla de la Muerta .
Overall What is Happening
Pretty simple stuff .
Ricardo has been alive since 1867 .
The island is the cork on a bottle of evil wine .
Hurley is the grown up version of the kid from the Sixth Sense .
It ’s kind of sad that that is considered simple .
More Detailed Episode Recap
We start with a lady with a seriously bandaged up face in a dank , rundown hospital .
Jacob walks up to her and starts speaking German .
Ouch for the German health care system .
I always thought the Germans were an efficient and hardworking people .
Apparently not .
Turns out Bandage Face is Illana .
She needs to protect 6 people .
She needs to protect the last of the candi -
We ’re back on the island !
- dates .
Jack asks “ candidates for what ? ”
Christ , Jack , how many times do we have to cover this ?
I can remember 3 specific instances where someone explained to you that Jacob needs someone to take over protecting the island .
You should know this by now .
Wake up .
Illana explains it to him , and says Ricardo will know what to do next .
Ricardo giggles .
No one else follows suit .
Apparently that is not what they were supposed to do next .
Ricardo seems surprised that Jack and Hurley did n’t tell them he tried to commit suicide .
I dunno , that seems pretty personal .
Ricardo says he will tell Jack a secret .
That he ’s an idiot ?
Nope .
That he is dead .
That they ’re all dead .
And this is hell .
Ooooooooooooooooh .
So that ’s what this show is about .
Got it .
Guess we might as well shut this thing down .
It ’s been fun .
Do n’t worry , I ’ll get the switch .
Wait , they ’re still talking .
Oh , apparently there is more .
Someone proposes they stop listening to Jack and start listening to someone else .
That is honestly the best idea I have ever heard .
In fact , I would have proposed it as soon as he pitched the idea of detonating a nuke on a small island I was standing on .
Ricardo starts walking away .
They think they should go after him because he knows what to do next .
Jack gets all defensive and points out that Ricardo has lost his mind and thinks we ’re all in hell .
I hope he is right that this is hell .
If the worst I can do in the afterlife is be on a tropical island with booze and some lady folk , then I might start sinning some more .
Does n’t seem too shabby .
Heaven must be similar but you live on an ice cream sundae .
Meanwhile , Hurley is trying to order some Baja Fresh from the ocean and it is n’t going well .
Jack approaches him and asks what he is doing .
Hurley sez none of your beezwax .
Jack asks what Jacob is telling him .
Hurley lets him know he is n’t talking to Jacob and is has nothing to do with him .
Leave him alone .
Ben Killjoy pops in and says there is no reason to go after Ricardo .
They ’ve known each other since he was 12 .
And Richard has n’t aged since .
Lucky for us .
Now that we got the obligatory 5 minutes of what is happening on the island out of the way , we get to watch Ricardo ride a horse and listen to the sound of 200,000 women all simultaneously high fiving each other .
Ricardo ’s wife ( Isabella ) has a fever .
She coughs up some ketchup so Ricardo says he will go get the doctor .
Hopefully not Jack .
She gives him a necklace to give to the doctor .
She says “ close your eyes and we ’ll always be together . ”
Except when you leave in 2 minutes .
The rider on the storm gets to Dr. Chickenwing ’s house where , as his name might suggest , he is takin down some chicken wings .
He tells his Mutton Chop Butler to go get some blankets because Ricardo is soaking wet ( easy , ladies ) .
The doctor asks how much money Ricardo has .
He starts handing the doctor a bunch of stuff until he hits a point where he says “ now you have everything ” .
He does n’t have the love between you and Isabella , Ricardo .
He can never have that .
Dr. Chickenwing says that all the gold is nothing and he wo n’t help .
Quick , Ricardo , give him the love between you and Isabella !
I ’m suspicious that whoever is behind this episode is in support of our new health care system .
And hates the Germans ’ .
Ricardo gets frustrated and starts rasslin with the doctor until the doc falls and hits his head on the table .
And here is a flaw with being the only doctor in town .
Now who ’s gonna save him ?
Ricardo makes a run for it while Mutton Chop Butler just watches him run right by .
What a terrible butler .
Ricardo gets back home and Isabella is dead already .
Oops .
Should n’t have stopped at that Arby ’s on the way .
Some constables arrest Ricardo .
Ricardo is relaxing in the clink when Seedy Priest enters .
Ricardo has been teaching himself English by reading the Bible .
Good for him .
Learning a language is n’t easy .
Well , says Seedy Priest , it ’s confession time .
Ricardo confesses murdering Dr. Chickenwing and asks for forgiveness .
Seedy Priest says no .
BOOM !
Wait … I do n’t think you can do that .
Granted , I ’m a little rusty on my confession knowledge , but after 16 years in Catholic School I am pretty sure that genuine remorse is what you really need for forgiveness from God .
Seedy priest really needs to brush up .
He also says there is no time for penance cuz he ’s aboutta get huuuung .
This priest sucks .
On the way to the ropes , Seedy Priest and some dude are there waiting for Ricardo .
The dude asks if Ricardo speaka da english and Ricardo stares at him like he ’s looking for a contact lens on his forehead .
This guy loses his patience and says hang him .
Ricardo speaks something akin to English , but it is barely understandable .
Hopefully , assimilationists in this country do n’t see this episode and think that threatening hanging will get people to start speaking English instantly .
The Dude informs Ricardo that he is now property of Magnus Handsome ( has to be a fake name ) .
We ’re on a boat ( on a boat ) in the middle of a storm .
There ’s some huuuuuge waves .
Ricardo and some other guys are chained up below .
The amount of space he has makes this seem like a Carnival cruise compared to the slave boats I learned about in middle school .
Ricardo asks his Buddy if he can see anything .
Out of nowhere Buddy ruins the surprise and says the devil is guarding the island .
At least I put a spoiler alert every week .
Then we have a case of the uh - ohs and the boat goes smack into an ancient Egyptian statue ( how ’d it get there ? ) .
Hey !
This is the boat from a couple episodes ago !
When Ricardo tried to blow himself up .
Wait , why did they have dynamite on a slave ship ?
And how is it still working after 140 years ?
And how is the boat not more decayed after 140 years ?
I thought we were supposed to be getting answers this season .
Now I just have more questions .
Regardless , slave nap time ends and everyone pops up expecting milk and cookies .
We hear that Captain Handsome has died and they are stranded in the middle of nowhere .
One of the surviving crew members does the only sensible thing .
He starts offing slaves .
I do n’t usually condone murder , but this guy does have a good point .
Although , he could do something more quick and painless than stabbing people in the gut .
As seems to be the case for all deaths in this show , now they have to die the most slow , agonizing death possible .
Of course all the slaves did the high school theatre move of instantly dying .
Just before giving Ricardo the ol ’ non-consensual stabbing , there is some clattering up top .
Other colonials start vanishing left and right .
Some red paint falls on the Stabbers head and then Sad Day Monster comes in and destroys him .
Sad Day Monster then slowly descends the stairs and has a bad case of the tummy gurgles .
Get some Pepto , Sad Day Monster .
He approaches Ricardo , takes some flash photography then hits the bricks .
For what feels like an eternity we watch Ricardo try to escape from his chains .
Sad Day Monster rains ( I hope that was rain ) on him a bit .
Ricardo takes a nap .
I try to keep this g rated , so I will tread lightly .
When he wakes up there is a pig with his head buried in the crotch of one of the slaves .
Not sure what it is doing , but too bad for the slave he is dead .
Isabella shows up .
She informs Ricardo they are dead .
And in hell .
They hear some noises , Ricardo tells her to go away .
She gets beat up .
I forgot about this part .
Maybe I jumped the gun on the no women were harmed in this episode thing above .
She is a ghost though , so we ’ll let it ride .
Some really modern looking dude comes in and gets Ricardo some water .
He claims he has her and will give her back if he helps him out .
Ricardo agrees .
Modern
Guy says the only way to escape hell is to kill the devil .
Wonder why nobody has tried that yet .
While Ricardo nom nom noms on some bacon , Modern Guy tells him that there is a statue on the other side of the island and that is where the devil is .
I decided to take a break from a devil is in the details comment this week .
Modern
Guy takes out a knife and goes through the instructions on how to kill Jacob .
He needs to stab him in the chest and not let him talk .
I remember when Toga gave that explanation .
Oh Toga , how I miss you .
Modern
Guy explains that he is the black smoke ( the what ?
Oh , you mean Sad Day Monster ) .
That he does not have Isabella but the devil does .
He took his body , his humanity .
He asks Ricardo if he ever wants to see his wife again .
He shrugs and says sure .
Time for some murderin .
Ricardo gets to the beach and … wait a minute …
I think that is the foot from the intro to the first episode that got all the way to the bottom of the ocean !
How ’d it get there ?
While I was trying to figure this out Ricardo promptly gets the hell beaten out of him .
Ricardo asks Jacob where his wife is .
He then admits she is dead .
Jacob asks them why he is asking where his wife is then .
Man , Ricardo must feel like an idiot .
It does n’t stop there .
When Ricardo admits that he thinks he is dead , Jacob goes high school bully on him and starts dunking his head in the water and yelling “ you want to be dead ? ”
Ricardo says he wants to live and Jacob throws him back on the beach and tells him that is the most sensible thing he has said all day .
Ouch .
Not a feel good day for Ricardo .
Jacob tells Ricardo they need to talk and grabs some wine .
Ricardo asks if he can go in .
Jacob says no one comes in unless I invite them .
Then there is a little pause with a stare .
We ’re still talking about your house , right Jacob ?
Jacob admits he brought Ricardo ’s boat here .
He starts explaining how the wine is evil ( but delicious ) and swirling around trying to escape the bottle .
The cork is the only thing that keeps it where it belongs and this island is the cork .
Thank God he had that wine laying around otherwise I do n’t know how he would have described that .
It ’s probably just demonstration wine .
The Modern Guy and Jacob are in a chess match where they are trying to prove people are good or evil .
Like a high stakes version of Trading Places .
Richard gets a gig as an intermediary between the two .
Jacob asks what he wants in return .
“ I want Isabella back . ” “ No dice . ” “ I want my sins absolved . ” “ Nuh uh .
No way . ” “ I want to live forever . ” “ Donezo . ”
What ?
Is there a menu he can choose from ?
He might be leaving a lot of good stuff behind door # 3 .
Ricardo goes back to Modern Guy and hands him a white rock .
OMGZ !
I think that is the rock that Sad Day Monster threw into the ocean a few episodes ago and said it was an inside joke .
If that ’s the case , then these writers need to work on the order that inside jokes occur .
It ’s hard to reference an inside joke that has n’t happened .
Modern
Guy says that he will never see his wife again if he goes with Jacob .
But his offer still stands in case he ever changes his mind .
Not a good negotiating tactic .
Usually you want to offer as little time as possible .
That ’s how I ended up with my Magic Bullet .
Modern Guy hands him Isabella ’s necklace then disappears .
Ricardo then … buries it ?
I do n’t know , buddy , you should probably hang on to that .
Back to the boring island , Ricardo goes to the same spot and digs up the necklace .
Wow .
I ’m amazed that after 140 years a necklace has remained buried under 4 inches of mulch in the same spot on a tropical island that no doubt has some vicious storms , like the one that brought the boat there in the first place .
These writers love cashing in their credibility chips on some minor things .
Ricardo begins screaming that he wants to take the offer and wants to know if the offer still stands .
Hurley comes rumblin through the woods to ask what offer .
Ricardo is all upset that he followed him .
Hurley says that Isabella sent him to follow Ricardo and she wants to know why he buried her necklace .
Yeah , me too .
Hurley tells Ricardo she is standing right next to him and that he will tell Ricardo what she says .
We see her .
Woof .
Ricardo could have done a lot better .
She tells him his English is magnificent in Spanish .
Hurley says “ She says you ’re English is awesome , dude . ”
Well that ’s great Hurley , let ’s just undercut the beauty of what she said with your lazy American English .
She tells Ricardo to close his eyes and that it was n’t his fault she died , it was her time .
They have a nice moment while Hurley mouth - breaths ten feet away .
I think it ’s about time to nickname Hurley “ Tricycle ” since he is always the third wheel .
She disappears and Hurley says there was one more thing .
Ricardo has to keep the men in black from leaving the island , otherwise they go to hell .
Zoom out .
Looooooooooooocke .
The End .
Wait .
It ’s not over ?
That was a perfect ending .
Alright , I guess we have Jacob and Modern Guy talking in the past .
Modern
Guy admits he wants to kill Jacob so he can leave the island , but Jacob wo n’t let him do that .
Jacob says , here ’s something to pass the time and hands him wine .
This is how alcoholism happens , Jacob .
Modern
Guy decides to instead pass his time with an obvious metaphor and smashes the bottle on a log .
Oooooooooh .
I get it .
Thoughts I have
The guy who plays Ricardo is a really good actor .
I ’m getting some of the references and jokes within this season !
I feel like a Losty !
That ’s what you call someone who likes Lost , right ?
A Losty ?
Am I spelling it right ?
That foot in the ocean had the lamest payout I have ever encountered .
That thing better come back and mean something .
Americans pining for a peaceful existence might consider moving to New Zealand , the most peaceful nation on Earth , according to the 2009 Global Peace Index released Tuesday by an Australian - based research group that counts former President Jimmy Carter , Ted Turner and the Dalai Lama among its endorsers .
The U.S. is 83rd on the roster , according to the Institute for Economics and Peace that rated the relative tranquility of 144 nations according to 23 “ indicators ” - including gun sales , the number of homicides , the size of the military , the potential for terrorism and the number of people in jail .
The index defined peace as “ the absence of violence , ” and so far , things are a little dicey .
Violence and instability have increased , respect for human rights has decreased .
The researchers also calculated that the world ’s nations have collectively lost close to $ 8 trillion due to the complications of widespread violence .
RELATED STORIES :
• EXCLUSIVE : Al Qaeda eyes bio attack via Mexico border
• ‘ Confidential ’ U.S. nuclear sites show up on web
• First lady brings message of hope to D.C. school
After New Zealand , the top 10 most peaceful nations are Denmark , Norway , Iceland , Austria , Sweden , Japan , Canada , Finland and Slovenia .
In the bottom 10 are Zimbabwe , Russia , Pakistan , Chad , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Sudan , Israel , Somalia , Afghanistan and , in last place , Iraq .
Traditional U.S. allies generally fared well on the list : Germany is at 16 , Australia at 19 , Spain ( 28 ) , South Korea ( 33 ) , Britain ( 35 ) and Italy ( 36 ) .
Libya , Nicaragua , Jordan , Cuba , China , Peru and Ukraine all are rated more peaceful than the United States .
Rwanda is rated 86 , Syria 92 , Iran 99 and Mexico 108 .
“ Because they can work better with others , peaceful countries can constructively work together on solving some of our most pressing economic , social and environmental problems .
Indeed , peace is the prerequisite to helping solve today ’s major challenges , such as food and water scarcity , decreasing biodiversity or climate change , ” said Clyde McConaghy , a former advertising director and business executive who developed the index with entrepreneur Steve Killelea .
“ Peace is a concrete aim that can be measured and valued , not just in social terms but in economic terms .
There is a clear correlation between the economic crisis and the decline in peace , ” Mr. McConaghy continued , adding that peace tends to promote productivity and trade .
America ’s so - so rating on the Index is better than its grade last year , when the nation was ranked 89th .
The six - point jump is due in part to a lower risk of terrorism , said Leo Abruzzese , director of North American research for the Economist Group , which calculated the data for the index .
The Economist Group also publishes the Economist and Roll Call , among other things .
“ Although the United States saw an increase in ranking despite the economic crisis , some factors - such as the ease of access to weapons , a large prison population and ongoing combat deaths - prevented it from ranking higher this year , ” Mr. Abruzzese said .
The index is primarily based on 2008 data from the International Institute of Strategic Studies , the World Bank , the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute and United Nations sources .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
" There was so much cash lying around that they did not know what to do with it .
We took the ruined money to the Bank of England as it was no good to anybody . "
Savers lost billions when Icesave 's owner Landsbanki collapsed Voters in Iceland have overwhelmingly rejected proposals to pay back debts to the UK and the Netherlands in the wake of the collapse of the Icesave bank .
With a third of results counted , 93 % of voters said " No " in Saturday 's referendum .
Here , Icelandic voters reflect the huge opposition to the proposals and give their views on how Iceland should handle its huge debts .
VOTED " NO " I voted " No " because there are no legal obligations for Icelandic taxpayers to compensate the British and the Dutch for debts incurred by private companies beyond their worth .
At least the losses caused by the flaws in the international banking regulatory system should be shared equally per head of the three populations .
We want fairness , not blackmail .
Sölvi Eysteinsson , Reykjavik I voted " No " .
I voted " No " to an unfair deal , with a colonising mentality .
I voted " No " to the oppression of the small by the big .
I voted " No " to global capitalism .
I voted " No " to greed .
I voted " No " to standing by as my people take on burdens which do not belong on their shoulders .
I voted " No " .
Tomorrow the world will follow my lead .
Katrín Oddsdóttir , Reykjavik
The outcome is a token of the people 's unhappiness with a flawed system
Jon Audunarson , Reykjavik
Send us your reaction to the vote I voted " No " to express my opinion that we should not cover the debts .
I feel that citizens should not pay for the financial mistakes of companies .
Óskar Freyr Hinriksson , Reykjavik
We said a big " No " in this referendum .
My family 's livelihood comes from selling seafood to the UK and some of my best friends are there .
Unfortunately politicians on both sides have taken the Icesave matter out of context , as the over - inflated Landsbanki bank should have been bankrupted from day one of the crash .
Neither Icelanders nor the UK public should pay for the Icesave crash , but each state has a tendency to move private debt over to the public and let it pay for decades .
Iceland is facing now what the UK , EU and US are facing very soon .
Ivar Palsson , Reykjavik I voted " No " .
This referendum was not about rejecting a deal , as a new one is being negotiated as we speak .
This vote was about ordinary citizens in a democracy saying " we will not accept socialised losses for the masses " .
The outcome is a token of the people 's unhappiness with a flawed system .
Jon Audunarson , Reykjavik I voted " No " because I just can't see the logic in a taxpayer like myself bailing out a private bank that runs on profit .
It makes as little sense as me bailing out a jewellery store that is going broke .
The bottom line is that it has nothing to do with me so therefore I should not be forced to pay for their mistakes .
Saevar Gudbjornsson , Reykjavik VOTED " YES " I voted " Yes " .
The deal that the parliament accepted in December should be ratified .
I believe it 's a good and fair deal .
We Icelanders have a moral obligation to pay this and the British and the Dutch made it easy for us to pay up .
The referendum was completely meaningless
Jon , Iceland
But voting " Yes " was stupid in a sense that the three governments have an even fairer deal for us Icelanders on the table .
So the referendum was completely meaningless as a vast majority voted " No " in the hope that this deal will become a reality .
So in a way , my " Yes " vote was more of a protest against the opposition parties ( the Independent and Progressives ) , the parties responsible for the bust .
It 's also a protest against the stupid In - defence group and President Grimsson who enjoyed the bankers ' hospitality , private jets and yachts during the good years .
Jon , Iceland GENERAL COMMENTS
Iceland 's PM may negotiate a different deal with the UK and Dutch This was the silliest referendum ever .
If you said " Yes " the Icelanders will get a worse outcome in terms of repayment , compared to the agreement from negotiations between the three countries concerned .
If you said " No " , the agreement from last autumn will come into play which both UK and the Netherlands said no to .
Our finance minister informed us beforehand that whatever happened , the negotiations between the three countries will continue this week .
So I stayed at home .
Johann Orlygsson , Akureyri
We , the Icelanders , are going to pay what we are supposed to pay by law , and according to EU legislation , not a penny more and especially without interest .
Trying to impose the interest on Icelanders just shows how arrogant Mr Darling and Mr Brown are .
They clearly did not think when they paid out to Icesave clients in full .
Ragnar , Reykjavík
The rage and the feeling of unfairness here is overwhelming
Ingveldur Eiríksdóttir , Selfoss
It should be noted that Iceland is the world 's oldest democracy .
Prime Minister Sigurdardottir made it known that she would not take part in the referendum and has done everything in her power to play down its significance .
Such behaviour by the prime minister of the world 's oldest democracy is truly shameful .
Carlos , Reykjavik , Iceland Even if I feel it is very unfair for the Icelandic people to pay the debts of irresponsible and greedy bankers , the majority of our people reluctantly feel that we have to .
I did n't really know what to do about the referendum since the parties seem to be so close to reaching a slightly better deal , so saying " No " to the old one in this referendum seemed unnecessary .
Laufey Bjarnadottir , Reykjavik
We want to be a nation that honours its obligations , but on the other hand there is this huge pile of debt that the bankers threw at us and buried us all in .
The rage and the feeling of unfairness here is overwhelming .
Ingveldur Eiríksdóttir , Selfoss
This referendum was not about paying for Icesave .
Iceland will pay the bill , but the terms of what were being voted on were ridiculous .
Nobody in Iceland likes the idea of paying this huge bill , but the country will honour our commitments .
The mistakes in this case are everywhere , first the greedy arrogant bankers , then the whole regulating system in all three countries and the politicians that Icelanders voted for a few years back .
The worst thing is that people in Iceland long for a solution to their financial problems and unemployment - and nothing is happening whilst Icesave remains unsolved .
Silja Ingolfsdottir , Reykjavik
Whether we feel we owe the money or not , doing nothing to resolve the issue will place Iceland in a precarious financial position for the next 25 years .
The banks and our government have made mistakes but we must restore our standing in the financial community or suffer the long - term consequences , which will be severe .
Zephraim McGuiness , Reykjavik
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Q. I was wondering if you had any advice for students out there , acting students or just people who want to be in the entertainment industry who want to be in your shoes tonight
A . Well , do n’t aspire to be in these shoes .
You know , walk in your own .
I mean everyone ’s really good at telling everyone else how to live your life or how to be or how to do it .
Just do n’t listen .
My mother beat it into our heads to be original , and I did n’t understand that until later on and just everyone ’s unique and that ’s what makes people exciting to watch , I think , so just savour what you are and not what everyone else wants you to be .
Q . So last time I asked you a question at the SAG Awards I suggested you were the favorite for the Oscars and you shushed me .
A. I ’m going to shush you again .
Q . What does this mean to you and did you sort of think you were the favorite ?
A . Are you joking ?
No .
It ’s as I said up on that stage , you know , I questioned did I win it or did I just wear everyone down ?
It ’s if you hang in there the longest , it ’s , you know you know , I did n’t aspire to this .
I was in awe of it .
I admired it .
I got to watch it like everyone else did or present , but it was n’t something that I said , One day when I get the Oscar .
I did n’t think it was something that was the opportunity would ever present itself for me to rise to that occasion .
And I was okay with that and I was very happy working and this came out of left field , every pun intended .
Sorry .
I think everything ’s going to be a metaphor tonight and I apologize .
This is the film I said “ no ” to .
If I thought this was going to be my , you know , golden ticket .
It just was such odd circumstances and things came together in a way that I just did n’t see coming .
No one saw coming .
And I think that ’s what makes it so overwhelming and unexpected .
I look at the company I keep in this category and you ca n’t pick .
There ’s not one that rises above the others , and I love these women that I got to spend this time with so much for who they are .
So I feel like I share it equally in five parts because we ladies need to stick together .
Q . And then this picture as well there ’s a tie in there .
I just want you to talk a little bit about what draws you to these projects that are youth oriented that are to do with
A . It ’s not that I consciously draw I ’m drawn to them .
You know , we ’re presented with the opportunities we ’re presented with in this business , and you ’re able to make some of your own opportunities .
I did n’t it ’s not conscious , but I think it makes a great inspirational story when you can see it work , when you see what someone can rise to the occasion and do .
And you know , I ’ve seen it happen day after day in New Orleans and that ’s why I love that town so much , and it ’s the people and the perseverance and the love of each other that makes that work .
And I think that ’s what works so well in stories like that .
I love stories about passion and love .
Love of country , love of people .
Love of sport .
It ’s just it makes a good film .
But I do n’t think I ’ve ever consciously been drawn to it .
I just I just end up , I guess , maybe loving it the most .
Q. I just would love to hear the story about Clooney throwing you in a pool .
A. Yeah .
See I could have taken that moment and gotten him back .
There was also Tom Cruise involved in that as well , and I told them one day , in a very public forum , I would get them back , but George looked so tired tonight .
I saw his little eyes and said , I ca n’t do it to him tonight .
Yeah .
It was you might want to ask George about that .
See how much information he ’ll give because it was funny to everyone else but me .
It was actually really funny , but not at the time .
Ask George .
It ’s George Clooney .
It ’s what George does well .
Q. I ’ve already seen the film ; I have to be honest .
You have both an Oscar and a Razzie .
How much are you enjoying the irony of that situation and what are you going to do with both awards ?
A . They ’re going to sit side by side , as they should .
You know they ’re both we ’re in the entertainment business .
That ’s what we ’re supposed to do .
You know , it ’s you take the good with the not so good .
But I had the best time at the Razzies last night .
It is what it is and , you know , it probably means more that both of them happened at the same time because it ’s the great equalizer .
You know , nothing ever let ’s me get too full of myself .
It quickly chops me off at the knees , and I like it that way because it just it keeps things stable and they ’ll sit side by side in a nice little shelf somewhere , the Razzie maybe on a different shelf , lower .
Q . This might be a bit of a personal question , but you and your husband your husband whispered something in your ear after you your name was called and
A . You expect me to tell you that ?
I know , bless your heart for trying .
I mean you got to ask .
Q. Well , the follow up is , what ’s it like for him , to be able to make a tough guy like that cry on national television .
He was tearing up right in front of
A. Did he cry ?
He does n’t cry .
He does n’t cry .
No .
Q. He
A . He ’s right there .
Do n’t piss him off .
He had something in his eye .
It ’s very dusty from the dance music .
I ’d never divulge what Jesse says unless he divulges it first .
It ’s between me and the man .
This is like an auction .
I feel like a baby grand .
Q. I want to know how you ’re celebrating tonight ?
What ’s the first thing you ’ll do ?
A. Food .
I just want a burger and I just want some food .
I want to sit down , take the shoes off .
You know , we got some friends that are all meeting .
I just want to eat .
I want to eat and not sweat it and not worry the dress will bust open .
I just want to relax and just eat .
I ’m sorry .
That ’s all I can give you .
And I ’d like a nap .
I ’d like a nap , too .
Q. Hi .
Now that you ’ve won the Oscar will you think twice about doing a more commercial fun film versus a
A. No .
Q. serious critically acclaimed film ?
A. I want to do everything .
I ’ve always been one of those people that I do n’t like when people tell me I ca n’t do something .
Just because , you know , I did commercial films does n’t mean I could n’t do wonderful small art house films .
Just because I won an Oscar , I do n’t want to ever stop doing something that makes people laugh .
I love making people laugh .
I do n’t know what I ’m going to do next .
I sort of wanted this to sort of all die down , but I ’m going make mistakes and I ’m going to make everyone roll their eyes and I ’m going to maybe do something that works , but I just want to keep working in every genre that I ’m allowed to until I ’m asked to not do it anymore .
©AMPAS
The University of Ottawa cancelled a speech by U.S. firebrand conservative Ann Coulter late Tuesday , just moments before its scheduled start , because organizers feared protesters would turn violent .
As people were still making their way into the venue , the building had to be evacuated when a fire alarm was triggered .
The incident followed a Monday night lecture at the University of Western Ontario , where Coulter told a Muslim student to " take a camel " as an alternative to flying .
Coulter made the comment as she responded to a question from student Fatima Al - Dhaher , who asked about previous comments in which Coulter said Muslims should n't be allowed on airplanes and should take " flying carpets " instead .
Al - Dhaher noted she did not own a flying carpet and asked what she should take as an alternative transportation .
Coulter did not deny making the flying carpet comment and replied to the university student , " What mode of transportation ?
Take a camel , " to jeers and cheers .
It was a decidedly pro-Coulter audience .
One man , who identified himself as a U.S. citizen , described U.S. President Barack Obama as a " Marxist . "
Some students , including Al - Dhaher , walked out after the camel comment .
Coulter said Tuesday that her comment about taking flying carpets was a joke that was made during an interview with The Guardian newspaper about racial profiling , and had been taken out of context .
" I can say it a lot quicker with a joke , and by the way , they would n't be bringing me in here for a speech if I never told a joke , if I never used satire , " Coulter told CTV's Power Play Tuesday .
" It 's not so much a joke , it 's satire because there 's a political point behind my saying that they can take flying carpets . "
Coulter did not elaborate on what her political point actually was .
She is well - known for her vehement views against Muslims .
In a post - September 11 column , she wrote that the U.S. should invade Muslim countries , kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity .
Al - Dhaher said she attended the lecture " with an open mind " and had not planned to ask a question .
However , when Coulter began making remarks about homosexuals , African - Americans and Muslims , she felt the need to speak up , she said .
" I just thought that it was despicable and I thought that I should speak up against it , " Al - Dhaher told CTV News Channel Tuesday afternoon .
" So , I wrote on my phone because I was afraid I 'd get nervous up there and forget my question . "
Al - Dhaher said Coulter is entitled to her opinions but said the university could have chosen a right - wing speaker who is less inflammatory .
" I think that if the intention of the university is to bring two different speakers from two different political spectrums , I think that there are better choices from that camp that they could have chosen rather than Ann Coulter , because she is a bit vocal and she is a bit outrageous in some of the things that she says . "
Coulter spoke in front of a packed audience of about 800 at the university .
Coulter to file human rights complaint
The cancellation of Coulter 's lecture at the University of Ottawa came after she received an email about the limits of free speech in Canada from the school 's provost .
The private email , which was leaked to conservative news organizations , noted that Canada 's Charter of Rights meant that " promoting hatred against any identifiable group would not only be considered inappropriate , but could in fact lead to criminal charges . "
Francois Houle , vice - president academic and University of Ottawa provost , invited Coulter to educate herself on Canadian free speech laws .
" We , of course , are always delighted to welcome speakers on our campus and hope that they will contribute positively to the meaningful exchange of ideas that is the hallmark of a great university campus , " wrote Houle .
The letter only added fuel to the fire of Coulter 's speaking tour , which is titled , " Political Correctness , Media Bias and Freedom of Speech . "
Coulter told Power Play that because she is from an identifiable group ( " I'm a Christian , I 'm a conservative , I 'm a female " ) , she is the victim of a hate crime and will file a complaint with Canada 's Human Rights Commission .
Wrong approach by U of Ottawa : MPs
Coulter , who often comments on Fox News , once said Canada is " lucky we allow them to exist on the same continent " after the Canadian government did not join the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Her tour was organized by International Free Press Society , a group whose website sets up Islam as the preeminent threat to democracy in the Western world .
" This jihad , like all jihads before it , will continue until a sharia - based caliphate rules the world , or until it is defeated , " the society 's policy statement says .
The group also sells one of the infamous Danish Mohammad cartoons , signed by cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , for $ 250 .
They are currently sold out .
Among the group 's board of advisers are Canadian conservative bloggers Ezra Levant and Kathy Shaidle , author Mark Steyn and far - right Dutch political leader Geert Wilders .
Coulter reportedly commands a $ 10,000 speaking fee .
Her fee is being covered in part by the Claire Boothe Luce Policy Institute , an American group that calls itself the " home of conservative women leaders . "
Some critics say trying to quiet Coulter is the wrong approach to discrediting her views .
" In terms of putting limits on what she ... should say or should n't say , I 'm not sure that helps , " New Democrat MP Paul Dewar , told The Canadian Press .
" It might add fuel to the fire that she will be probably starting tomorrow . "
Liberal MP Scott Brison made a similar comment .
" If you do n't agree with what she has to say , then ignore her , " he said .
Coulter 's Canadian tour wraps up at the University of Calgary on Thursday .
Where the tips came from first , I have no idea .
But without fanfare -- and you should perhaps take that as a clue -- the House Budget Committee has posted a 2,309 page bill ( PDF ) that purports to be the text of the upcoming reconciliation bill .
And as early sneak - peekers saw almost right away , it appears to contain ... the public option .
But almost as quickly , denials were being issued via Twitter that caused almost as much confusion as the raw text caused excitement .
So what 's going on here ?
I do n't know for sure yet , but here 's my best guess given both the text we can see with our own eyes and the denials , plus this clue from the link to the PDF on the Budget Committee page :
Click here to download the text of the reconciliation recommendations sent to the Budget Committee in October by the House Ways and Means and Education and Labor Committees .
( PDF - 3.26 MB )
I 'm just not entirely sure what this thing is .
The only thing that makes any sense to me given both the text I see and the denials I 'm reading is that maybe in order for the parliamentarians to consider whatever reconciliation bill is forthcoming as the natural and authorized successor to the reconciliation bill the budget resolution entitles us to , it has to pick up right where it left off in the House -- meaning in the form with the public option in it -- and then be changed in a committee markup into whatever final form they want it to have .
The bill on the Budget site could just be a discarded early draft from October ( when the three House committees of jurisdiction were required to submit their bills to the Budget Committee in case reconciliation were used for the main bill ) , and that 's what they 'll use tomorrow as a vehicle for the fix material .
Meaning that it might " have the public option in it " only as a formality , and only for the next few hours , before they strike all of the " current " text out and replace it with the agree - upon text of the narrower , budget - focused " fix " bill we 've been expecting .
UPDATE : Tonight 's biggest " duh " moment : I forgot that I already wrote that something like this could happen a month and a half ago .
5DMKII , 16 - 35 mm , f/3.2 @ 1/20 , ISO 6400 .
I was feeling a bit down about the Olympics being over and then this happened .
I guess there still is a bit of awesome left in Vancouver .
From this I learnt two valuable lessons :
Here is a sad but very real example of what can happen to a Christian college when it does not maintain a stand on biblical inerrancy beginning with Genesis .
I wrote a blog item recently in response to a guest writer for the Calvin College student newspaper who wrote a scathing attack of me ( accusing me of lying ) — he was responding to my “ State of the Nation 2 ” address where I quoted a Calvin religion professor who said Scripture is not inerrant and there are mistakes in the Bible .
Well , the editor - in - chief of the Calvin College newspaper ( Chimes ) has just responded with an open letter to me about my blog post .
As I reprint his Op - Ed column below , I will not even intersperse any commentary and let the piece speak for itself — decide for yourself whether he comes across as angry , sarcastic , non-academic , and presents an ad hominem attack — without even documenting my supposing lying .
Now , this editor says below that the writer of the original column was only a 19 - year - old student ( which we did not know ) — so we acknowledge that at that age , he lacks journalistic experience , and so some grace needs to be extended to him ( even though as a Christian he should not be publicly calling a person a liar , especially without presenting any evidence ) .
I encourage all Christians to carefully read this article — I would think that any biblically discerning Christian will understand immediately what the issues involved are .
In fact , I urge you to forward this blog to others — get it out widely into Christian circles .
This is a warning to Christian parents about where they send their children for higher education .
It is also a warning to the boards of Christian colleges concerning where the college will end up if they do n’t take an uncompromising stand on inerrancy beginning with Genesis .
So , let this remarkable letter to me ( printed as an Op - Ed ) from the editor - in - chief of Chimes speak for itself , with no annotations after each paragraph ( tempting though it is ) ; I have , though , highlighted a few quotes for you to especially take note of , yet I encourage you to read the entire letter :
Chimes -- The Official Student Newspaper of Calvin College Since 1907 , March 12 , 2010 , Volume 104 , Issue 22
From the Editor , Stephen Mulder , Editor in Chief
Dear Ken Ham ,
I read with interest your blog entry from March 6 , entitled “ Writer for Calvin College Newspaper Lashes out at Answers in Genesis . ”
In said blog , you asserted that a guest submission from my beloved publication “ illustrates clearly the overall state of this Christian college , ” and you accused “ the editors ” ( essentially , me ) of “ poor journalism . ”
I ’ll admit I was a little skeptical that you , Ken , could be so authoritative about matters of the universe , despite the fact that you have earned “ no degrees in any theoretical science , nor any professional training in early antiquity , biblical studies or theology ” ( as professor Schneider put it in last week ’s Chimes ) .
I ’ll also admit that , at first , I thought that writing a 3,000 - word treatise devoted to publicly chastising a 19 - year - old kid who never contacted you directly and whom you ’ve never met ( even challenging him to a debate ! ) was an incredibly petty , even cowardly move on your part .
But after reading it over several times , I ’ve decided that you ’re totally right .
Thank you , Ken Ham , for opening my eyes to the true terrors of Calvin College and the social destruction that the pro-evolution , anti-inerrancy stance taken by many of its professors and students has helped catalyze .
Yes , there were times that , as I read different articles on your website , I became very confused .
For example , you make it very clear that evolution is not a “ salvation issue ” per se .
Faith in Christ , you say , is what saves — not a specific belief about the age of the earth .
This is one of the few things that you and I already agreed on before I was transformed by Saturday ’s stunning article .
But then , in a Nov. 28 , 2009 entry , you put quotes around the word “ Christian ” when describing Calvin College , ostensibly implying that the school is anything but .
And , in Saturday ’s blog , you claim that institutions ( such as Calvin ) that undermine biblical authority by teaching evolution as fact “ will have much to answer for when Christian educators stand before the Lord one day — and they will be held accountable . ”
I thought to myself , Hmm .
All my Calvin professors , including those in the religion and biology departments , have claimed that salvation is through faith in Christ .
So that seems to suggest that , like you say , they are indeed Christians .
But then you seem to imply that Calvin is a phony Christian school and its pro-evolution professors will face eternal judgment and quite possibly damnation .
I did n’t understand it at first , but then I found the key : Your Jan. 24 , 2009 entry entitled “ Does the Gospel Rise or Fall on the Days of Creation ? ” laid it all out neatly .
Basically , the point is that , even though salvation is through Christ alone , denying the literal truth of the creation story is “ undermining the very authority from which they get the message of the gospel . ”
It does n’t matter that millions of faithful Christians worldwide think that it ’s perfectly logical to say that the Bible can still be wholly useful , wholly inspired , wholly sufficient and wholly authoritative in matters of spirituality and holy living without every last historical and scientific detail being totally accurate .
It does n’t matter because , obviously , if you accept the possibility that Moses or Luke might have made a few clerical errors and screwed up a detail here and there , than the entire authority of the Bible is ruined .
If you say , “ Well , maybe the writer of Genesis was wrong about it being a literal history , but is n’t it great that God inspired him to reveal his truth anyway ? ” you might as well be saying the trinity is a sham .
And clearly , as soon as we think that the Genesis accounts of creation or Noah or Abraham might “ simply ” be stories that reveal divine truth about the nature of God and holy living — and not literally , historically true , regardless of whether or not the original writer thought them to be — then we ’ve set the stage for ourselves and millions of others to be led astray by crippling doubt .
Yeah , sure , Jesus ’ primary teaching method involved telling stories that revealed God ’s divine nature without being literally true — he called them “ parables , ” I think .
But c’mon , he ’s the Son of God .
I think we can give him a break here .
Thanks also , Ken , for revealing some things about Calvin College that I had n’t noticed before .
In hindsight , your claim that the guest writer from two weeks ago is broadly representative of the college as a whole makes total sense .
Sure , there are hundreds , if not a thousand or two students here who are steadfastly anti-evolution and young - earth believers .
And yes , the very next week ( a day before your blog changed my life ) I did publish a response article from a student who defended you .
But now that you mention it , I often see those pesky religion and biology professors crashing economics , business , math and engineering classes , peddling their heresies while students are trying to learn about partial derivatives .
It ’s even worse in the actual biology and religion courses — can you believe these “ Christian ” compromisers are actually trying to teach their students to be informed and successful practitioners of said disciplines ?
For shame .
I mean , why should students who wish to become biologists have to deal with the theories that 99 percent of biologists accept ?
As you note , Calvin College is a big institution , with five times the budget of your entire organization .
I guess I had n’t realized until now that Calvin was using all of its millions and millions of dollars in a blind effort to compromise biblical integrity .
At the very least , I thought we had an art gallery or something .
I wish to take a few minutes now , Ken , to share with you the depths of my former ignorance .
See , before looking through the Answers in Genesis website , I had always thought that interpretation of the Bible has been dependent on time , place and social context .
Ken , you like to talk about how the idea of treating Genesis as allegorical ( rather than literal ) is a very recent development .
Well , I used to think other Biblical ideas — emphasis on personal relationship rather than communal relationship with God , for example — have changed over time .
The worst part of it , Ken , was that I thought that it was okay .
In fact , I used to think that one of the most beautiful things about the Bible was not that it could be molded by the whim of society , but that it somehow maintained its authority and sufficiency even as God ’s people continued to grow , adapt , change and bring new ideas and experiences to the understanding of God ’s word .
How refreshing it is , then , to learn that the one , true , eternally correct way of understanding the Bible is the way that you understand it today , Ken .
Augustine , Luther , Calvin — those guys have nothing on the youth pastor from the megachurch down the street .
And if we do n’t understand the Bible , history and science in exactly the same fashion that you do , it ’s clear what the consequences are : an evil society bereft of morality , and inclined to violence .
I ’ll just let your August 1999 newsletter speak for itself :
“ Just a couple of weeks after the horrible killings at Columbine High School in Colorado , students ( including those who saw friends shot in front of their eyes ) went back to school and sadly were given the ingredients to make more ‘ bombs . ’
You see , when millions of students have been told in their classes that there is no God , that man is just an animal , and that death , bloodshed , and violence ( similar to what we observe in today ’s world ) are a natural part of the evolutionary mechanisms that produced man , then let ’s be honest about the logical consequences ! ”
Incidentally , I had also once thought that racism , violence , murder and all kinds of other sins had occurred before Charles Darwin published “ On the Origin of Species , ” but I now regard those as lies propagated by the corrupted history teachers at Calvin College .
And I ’m sure all the sins propagated out of Christian religious fervor — from the brutal crusades to the Ku Klux Klan to the only - recently overturned policy banning interracial dating at Bob Jones University — are either exaggerated due to secular propaganda or perpetrated by people who are n’t “ real Christians . ”
You are quite right , of course , when you say that “ the more the culture believes evolution ... the more they reject the Bible . ”
Two - thirds of young people are leaving the church , while at the same time acceptance of evolutionary theory within Christian circles is on the rise .
There is definitely a statistical correlation between the two .
And as we all know , correlation implies causation .
It is precisely because these compromisers , these charlatans , are rejecting Biblical inerrancy that we are losing so many of our young believers .
It is n’t because non-scientists are using pseudoscience to refute widely accepted and vetted scientific claims .
It is n’t because the faith has been improperly used over the centuries to justify wars of conquest , religious and scientific oppression , slavery and racial injustice .
It is n’t because men like Pat Robertson , who speak for millions of American Christians , claim that the Haitian earthquake and Hurricane Katrina were in part God ’s retribution on Haitian and American society .
It is n’t because evangelical church leaders and movements are becoming increasingly political , polarized and absolutist , alienating younger believers who do n’t hold the same views about inerrancy ( even as they accept the authority of scripture and necessity of Christ for salvation ) .
It is n’t because many of those same leaders have misrepresented the faith to the public , so much so that research from the Barna Group indicates that most Americans under age 40 associate evangelical Christians with homophobia and sexism .
It is n’t because other church leaders have failed to understand and adapt to the changing needs and understandings of the next generation .
It is n’t because organizations like Answers in Genesis attack other Christians who simply believe that accepting evolution and an old earth does n’t threaten the Bible ’s authority in any way .
It is n’t because organizations like Answers in Genesis claim that acceptance of valid , widely accepted scientific claims directly or indirectly contributes to violence , despite no evidence to support such an accusation .
It ’s because Calvin College teaches evolution .
So thank you once again , Ken , for enlightening me .
I hereby denounce my decision to print the previous article .
And thank goodness for the secular agenda , too .
Without it , we ’d probably have to blame ourselves .
-spm
( Article reference http://www-stu.calvin.edu/chimes/article.php?id=4734
While the commentary above by the paper ’s editor reveals much about Calvin College and I do n’t need to elaborate on it , Mark Looy , our staff CCO , asked me if he could add an observation or two and write something about an editor ’s responsibility at a newspaper :
When a columnist ( even a guest writer ) makes an accusation that a particular person like you , Ken , makes “ so many lies ” ( the words used by the student ) , it is incumbent upon the paper ’s editor to tell the journalist that he needs to cite examples of so - called lying .
It ’s basic journalism ; to do otherwise is irresponsible journalism .
Now , Mr. Mulder may not have reviewed the column himself before the piece went to print — maybe another editor did .
But that does not excuse the paper — much less a Christian one — of accusing someone like you of lying and not giving even one example .
Perhaps some grace should be extended to the staff of a newspaper that is probably largely made up of students ( but presumably with a faculty advisor to assist them ) .
Still , by professional journalistic standards , the paper widely missed the mark when it allowed a columnist to say that you lie and yet no editor asked the writer to substantiate such a serious charge .
Christian
Genesis
Genesis
Genesis
Christian
Genesis
Mark also notes that it is not surprising that the editor - in - chief supports his guest columnist because the editor was offended by my “ State of the Nation ” address because , among many things , I took a ( biblical ) stand against “ gay ” marriage .
( Last year , for example , this Chimes ’ editor wrote : “ There is a strong minority population at Calvin College — of which , full disclosure , I consider myself a member — that advocates the legitimacy of committed , monogamous gay relationships ( including same - sex marriage ) . ” )
When adoes not believe in the historicity ofand its teaching about marriage being a man and a woman , then we should not be surprised by the writings of this editor .
He lashes out against those who acceptas straightforward history , and does not believeis foundational to alldoctrine like marriage — and it ’s because he believes in evolution , not
On Friday , another Op - Ed ( written by someone else ) was published by the Chimes , again attacking Answers in Genesis and me personally ( e.g. , I am called “ an excruciatingly poor representative of the Christian faith ” ) .
Here is an excerpt of that Op - Ed :
The earth is billions of years old .
People evolved from apes .
Adam was an early hominid leader whose arrogant actions against God led his entire tribe into sin .
Life continues to evolve in thousands of exciting directions , and for that we have a brilliant God to thank .
Atheists and young - earth creationists alike : please get over it .
See this entire Op - Ed here
Thanks for stopping by and thanks for praying — and please share this blog as an email with your pastor , friends , and family .
Ken
ae911truth.org
Feb 28 , 2010
“ The Jersey Girls ” support AE911 Truth efforts !
— Editor
We ’re proud to have the endorsement of The Jersey Girls , who single handedly forced the Bush Administration to convene the 9/11 Commission after one year of inaction following the attacks of September 11
Architects & Engineers for 9/11
Truth is proud to be working for and on behalf of the 9/11 victims ’ family members , in particular The Jersey Girls .
We recommend “ 9/11 Press for Truth ” , which is the story of the Jersey Girls and their struggle for the truth .
We are pleased that Patty and Lorie have signed our petition .
We have also received signatures from Josef Princiotta , Manny Badillo , Bob McIlvaine , Ellen Mariani .
Let us know if there are any of them we are not listing here !
We have taken a lot of criticism from so called debunkers & unconscious government officials that our work is “ upsetting the family members ” .
Let it be clear that only the truth about the deaths of these innocent people will bring healing to their loved ones .
AE911 Truth has ever increasing support from them to reveal the truth to the American people .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
February 25 , 2010
We must applaud Mr. Richard Gage and his colleagues , Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , for their tenacity in seeking to answer lingering questions concerning the total destruction of the World Trade Center complex , in particular buildings 1 , 2 and 7 .
As with any scientific report , conclusions must be able to be replicated and verified by subsequent public peer reviews .
Mr. Gage and his colleagues have attempted to do just that with NIST ’s Final Report of the Collapse of the WTC .
There seem to be discrepancies and omissions in NIST ’s conclusions , which Mr. Gage and his colleagues have brought to light .
With their combined professional training and work experience , this group of professionals is uniquely qualified to address the myriad oddities resulting in the collapse of the WTC high - rise buildings – including WTC 7 , which was not hit by an airplane .
This chosen course of action by the Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , has often come at a high cost to them personally and professionally making this endeavor all the more admirable .
As family members of 9/11 victims , we have been seeking truth and transparency since 200l .
Almost nine years later , in spite of the NIST Investigation and the 9/11 Independent Commission , a vast majority of our questions remain unanswered .
It was always our hope that both of these government investigations would uncover the cause of the WTC destruction and any loopholes or lapses in security protocols that could be remedied to protect us in the future .
In this case , it was of utmost importance to determine what actually caused the collapses to ensure the future safety of high - rise buildings .
Since the government failed to do that , we applaud Mr. Richard Gage and the many other professionals who are spending their own time attempting to seek the truth .
Sincerely ,
Patty Casazza
Lorie Van Auken
Mindy Kleinberg
Monica Gabrielle
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Follow up to Default Search Provider Changes for 10.04
Each release we determine the best default web browser and the best default search engine for Ubuntu .
When choosing the best default search provider , we consider factors such as user experience , user preferences , and costs and benefits for Ubuntu and the browsers and other projects that make up Ubuntu .
Up until Ubuntu 9.10 these defaults have always been Firefox and Google .
Earlier in the 10.04 cycle I announced that we would be changing the default search provider to Yahoo ! , and we implemented that change for several milestones .
However , for the final release , we will use Google as the default provider .
I have asked the Ubuntu Desktop team to change the default back to Google as soon as reasonably possible , but certainly by final freeze on April 15th .
It was not our intention to " flap " between providers , but the underlying circumstances can change unpredictably .
In this case , choosing Google will be familiar to everybody upgrading from 9.10 to 10.04 and the change will only be visible to those who have been part of the development cycle for 10.04 .
Cheers , Rick
ROME — Even as Pope Benedict XVI , faced with a sexual abuse scandal spreading across Europe , has called on victims to come forward and urged clerics to cooperate with civil justice , those strong words are running up against the complexities of his past .
“ He is at a crossroads , ” said Marco Politi , a veteran Italian Vatican journalist .
“ What ’s extraordinary is that the scandal has reached the heart of the center of the church .
Up to now it was far away — in the States , in Canada , in Brazil , in Australia .
Then it came to Europe , to Ireland .
“ Then it came to his motherland , ” Mr. Politi added of Benedict ’s native Germany .
“ Then it came to his diocese , and now it ’s coming to the heart of the government of the church — and he has to give an answer . ”
Last weekend , in a heartfelt letter to Irish Catholics reeling from reports of decades of systemic sexual abuse , Benedict apologized but did not discipline any church leaders who had covered up abuses , fueling growing anger in Ireland .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Cross-posted from the Wonk Room .
Big Oil is using fake “ Americans ” to defend billions in tax subsidies .
The American Petroleum Institute is running full - page ads in Politico and Roll Call that attack Congress for “ new energy taxes ” :
Congress will likely consider new taxes on America ’s oil and natural gas industry .
These new energy taxes will produce wide - reaching effects , and ripple through our economy when America — and Americans — can least afford it .
These unprecedented taxes will serve to reduce investment in new energy supplies at a time when most Americans support developing our domestic oil and natural gas resources .
That means less energy , thousands of American jobs being lost and further erosion of our energy security .
Our economy is in crisis , and we need to get the nation on the road to economic recovery .
This is no time to burden Americans with new energy costs .
The target of this ad is the Obama administration ’s effort to remove $ 36 billion in loopholes and subsidies for the oil industry .
As it turns out , the “ Americans ” presented in the ad are stock photos from Getty Images :
“ Warehouse worker holding large wrench on shoulder ”
“ Woman working in a distribution warehouse ”
“ Man standing with hands in pocket ”
Americans are paying the price for these subsidies with our tax dollars , our health , and our national security .
Removing these subsidies would “ ripple through the economy ” by unleashing a clean - energy future .
This is just the latest in a stream of polluter front groups using stock photos in Astroturf campaigns against clean energy policy .
API was recently caught trying to add diversity to its dirty ads by photoshopping minorities into stock photography .
West Virginia ’s “ FACES of Coal ” turned out to be from iStockPhoto.com .
And Virginia ’s “ Coalition for American Jobs ” is a stock - photo front group for the American Chemistry Council .
A Party Not of Right but of Right Now
Luckiest Guy Ever On The Price Is Right
FAMILY LAW & DIVORCE ATTORNEY IN WESTCHESTER , NY
Westchester Divorce Lawyer
At the Law Offices of Joy Y. Frank , we skillfully represent clients in all divorce - related issues .
Regardless of whether you have an uncontested or contested divorce , need to settle a child custody dispute or are seeking to modify a preexisting spousal support order , we are here to help .
We guide you through the difficult process of getting a divorce , while protecting your financial interests and parental rights .
Our law firm is located in White Plains , New York , and represents men and women from diverse cultures , social , and economic backgrounds .
We proudly serve people throughout White Plains , Westchester County , Scarsdale , Hartsdale , Rye , Dobbs Ferry , including White Plains and Manhattan .
Contact our law firm ’s founding attorney — Joy Y. Frank — to schedule a convenient appointment to discuss divorce issues today .
She has years of litigation experience helping clients resolve complex disputes involving equitable distribution , child custody , visitation , child support , alimony / maintenance , and property division .
Divorce lawyer Ms. Frank has travelled to numerous foreign countries and is conversant in Spanish .
Her education at prestigious schools , including Columbia University , prepared her for the complicated work in divorce and family law .
She is sensitive to clients ’ emotional needs during the difficult divorce process , but she is also extremely knowledgeable about the law to help clients with the financial and business aspects of divorce .
Divorce and Legal Separation
With over 15 years of litigation experience , Ms. Frank has the legal knowledge necessary to advise you on the financial implications , business concerns and legal considerations of a divorce .
Her goal is to explain your legal options in a manner you can understand , allowing you to make an informed decision about how to proceed .
She clearly explains all the terms of a divorce or separation agreement to you before anything is signed .
Whether you and your spouse are in the middle of a dispute or have worked through the issues , Ms. Frank is ready to help you .
She tailors her approach around the unique goals and needs of each client .
When possible , we recommend that couples attempt to resolve disputes through cooperative methods before pursuing a trial .
In addition to divorce litigation , our office also provides full - scale mediation and collaborative divorce services , working with resolution minded attorneys to assist the clients through a difficult period in their lives .
In addition , our office drafts prenuptial and marital agreements to define your rights and obligations while protecting your rights .
Some disputes can only be resolved in the courtroom .
Our office represents clients in divorce - related litigation , orders of protection hearings , modification proceedings and contempt hearings .
Ms. Frank has the professional insight and legal knowledge to advocate for your rights every step of the way .
General Litigation
We also handle a variety of legal issues in other practice areas where we can assist you , including :
Real estate
Business law
Personal injury ( including medical malpractice )
Estate planning and wills
Employment law
Professional liability
We combine large law firm experience with personalized , small - firm service .
Ready to Help You
Whether you are concerned about getting divorced with a foreclosure looming , want to learn more about collaborative solutions or you need help enforcing a preexisting divorce - related order , the Law Offices of Joy Y. Frank can help .
Contact us today to schedule a consultation and learn more about your legal rights in the meantime by visiting our family law center .
' We did n't know what was happening ... We blamed God ' --
But then they ' learned that human activities are one cause of climate change '
Climate Depot Editorial
Reuters has a fascinating story that illustrates just how absurd and desperate man-made global warming “ science ” and claims have degenerated .
The March 8 , 2010 Reuters article by Environmental Correspondent Deborah Zabarenko , is entitled “ Women hit by climate change head to Capitol Hill . ”
The article quotes women from the developing nations of Peru and Uganda blaming every weather related calamity on man-made global warming .
“ Nature is disrupted , ” Marisa Marcavillaca of Peru said through a translator .
“ It rains when it should n’t rain .
We have freezing temperatures when we should n’t have freezing temperatures .
Because our yields are down , it is difficult to feed our children . ”
The Reuters article continued : “ We did n’t know what was happening , ” [ Constance Okollet of Uganda ] said , wiping away tears at the memory .
“ We blamed God . ”
When the floods returned in 2009 , with “ drastic rain , ” hailstorms and wind , destroying schools , contaminating the water supply and disrupting planting seasons , Okollet learned that human activities are one cause of climate change .
The floods were followed by a eight - month drought .
“ We want reduced emissions , ” she said .
“ Let them have some plans for adaptation so that we get our seasons back . ”
End Reuters Article Excerpt .
Sadly , scientific tripe like this are now going mainstream during the waning days of the man -made global warming fear movement .
Events which used to be called “ acts of God ” or Mother Nature , are now being blamed on mankind ’s emissions of a trace essential gas ( CO2 ) in the atmosphere that we exhale from our mouths .
‘ Climate Astrology ’ Takes Hold
Here are two scientists who have accurately described this faith based climate “ science ” :
Japanese scientist Kanya Kusano , a Program Director and Group Leader for the Earth Simulator at the Japan Agency for Marine - Earth Science & Technology , has publicly declared that man-made climate fear promotion is now akin to “ ancient astrology . ”
Mathematical physicist Dr. Frank J. Tipler , Professor of Mathematical Physics , astrophysics , at Tulane University , agrees with Kusano .
“ Whether the ice caps melt , or expand — whatever happens — the AGW theorists claim it confirms their theory .
A perfect example of a pseudo - science like astrology , ” Tipler wrote on May 15 , 2009 .
“ It is obvious that anthropogenic global warming is not science at all , because a scientific theory makes non-obvious predictions which are then compared with observations that the average person can check for himself , ” Tipler explained .
“ As we know from our own observations , AGW theory has spectacularly failed to do this .
The theory has predicted steadily increasing global temperatures , and this has been refuted by experience .
NOW the global warmers claim that the Earth will enter a cooling period , ” Tipler wrote .
‘ Medieval mystics … Palm readers and fortune tellers ’
Scientist Dr. Doug Hoffman mocked warming predictions :
“ The whole enterprise is reminiscent of Medieval mystics claiming to predict the future while spouting gibberish , ” Hoffman , a mathematician and engineer , who worked on environmental models and conducted research in molecular dynamics simulations , wrote on October 13 , 2009 .
“ Palm readers and fortune tellers stand as good a chance as any in this game , ” Hoffman added .
Even religious leaders have recognized the scientific transition to paganism .
See : Catholic Cardinal George Pell in 2006 : ‘ In the past , pagans sacrificed animals and even humans in vain attempts to placate capricious and cruel gods .
Today they demand a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions ’
Here are some prime examples of this perversion of science now known as “ climate astrology . ”
A July 2009 article in AllAfrica.com reported : “ The Karimojong [ in Uganda ] blame the spell of calamities like drought and disease to the “ angry gods ” .
The article from AllAfrica.com goes on to explain : “ Little do they know that their area is suffering the consequences of a larger problem , climate change . ”
Okay .
Thanks .
Imagine leaving people so in the dark that they believe “ angry gods ” are causing bad weather , when the answer is so simple , it ’s mankind ’s emission of a trace essential gas !
Even the U.S. President is a practicing “ climate astrologer . ”
Yes , Obama has also engaged in pagan - style efforts with Western leaders to turn down the Earth ’s thermostat .
See : We ’re Saved ?!
Politicians at UN Announce They Will Control Earth ’s Thermostat !
Climate Deal ‘ sets a cap on worldwide temp increases at no more than 2°C ’ and see : Climate Depot ’s Morano : G8 Leaders embrace ‘ climate astrology ’ – Trying to control Earth ’s thermostat is ‘ madness of our age ’ – July 10 , 2009
See : Controlling Nature ?
Obama backs ‘ historic breakthrough ’ in G8 climate talks – ‘ Agree to goal of keeping the world ’s temps from rising more than 2 C ’ – July 9 , 2009
Princeton Physicist : ‘ The idea that Congress can stop climate change is just hilarious ’ – Warns of ‘ climate change cult ’ – July 8 , 2009
This begs the question :
Which is more plausible ?
Ugandans blame drought and disease on the ‘ angry gods ’ or More ‘ Educated ’ Western Leaders blame SUVs and ‘ cell phone chargers ?!’ – July 8 , 2009
Sadly , many have attempted to control the uncontrollable .
See : Czech President Vaclav Klaus : Attempting to ‘ control climate ’ is as ‘ irrational , arrogant and pretentious as communist planning that people like me were objects of for so many years ’
- March 08 , 2010
To get an idea of how absurd the global warming “ madness of our age ” has morphed , see :
‘ Naked Girls plow parched fields in a bid to embarrass weather gods to bring badly needed monsoon rain ’ – ‘ Chant ancient hymns after sunset to invoke the gods ’ in India – July 24 , 2009 [ Editor ’s Note :
The ‘ naked ’ farm girls attempt to control the climate is as plausible as President Obama ’s G8 Pledge to limit the Earth ’s Temps .
In fact , Climate Depot votes for the “ naked farm girls ” to have a much better chance of succeeding than Obama and the G8 leaders . ]
Kenya ’s rainmakers — using trees , pots and herbs — called to combat climate change – – ‘ Kenya ’s Nganyi rainmakers [ have ] long vilified as sorcerers … the magic of their art involves the sacrifice of animals and libations in secret forest shrines … ” – September 20 , 2009 [ Editor ’s Note : Once again , as plausible as Obama ’s G8 temperature pledge .
In fact , Climate Depot votes for the ritual animal sacrifices and “ libations ” of Kenya ’s rainmakers to have a much better chance of succeeding than Obama and the Western G8 leaders . ]
‘ Prayers offered to appease rain god …people of different faiths offered special prayers to propitiate rain god ’ – The Hindu – June 26 , 2009
Now , quite simply anything that happens can be blamed on man-made global warming !
The warming fear pushers have now sunk to the level of blaming prostitution on man-made global warming .
Your daughter becomes a hooker , blame global warming !
Claim : Global warming causing women to become hookers in Africa !
Excerpt : ‘ Women in her village are turning to prostitution because they can no longer make enough money from farming ’ due to changing climate – Oct. 5 , 2009
UN Official : ‘ Climate change pushes poor women to prostitution ’ – November 19 , 2009 Suneeta Mukherjee , country representative of the United Nations Food Population Fund ( UNFPA ) , said women in the Philippines are the most vulnerable to the effects of climate change in the country .
Excerpt : “ Climate change could reduce income from farming and fishing , possibly driving some women into sex work and thereby increase HIV infection , ” Mukherjee said during the Wednesday launch of the UNFPA annual State of World Population Report in Pasay City . ”
If you are former Vice - President Al Gore , you can now claim man-made global warming is ‘ causing heavier downfalls of both rain and snow ’ , never mind the fact that his 2006 movie “ An Inconvenient Truth ” never once warned of coming blizzards or record cold .
( For counter see : Gore ’s February ‘ Un - Truths ’ :
No increase in moisture content … a definite declining trend over the last 60 years – the opposite of what Al Gore claims ’ )
Climate activists are also now nakedly promoting climate astrology .
See : Tarot Cards for ‘ Climate Astrology ’ : Natural Resources Defense Council : ‘ Unusual amounts of snow or lack of snow are all signs of global warming ’ & See : Climate astrology unhinged :
Too much rain and ‘ lengthy droughts ’ blamed on man-made global warming
Former Clinton Admin .
Official Joe Romm , promoted faith - based scientific rubbish when he linked the bridge collapse in Minnesota to man-made global warming – August 7 , 2007 ( See follow up : Design failure ( not CO2 ) evidently behind Minneapolis bridge collapse )
One of the more outlandish climate astrologers in high office is Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan .
See : Climate Touchy - Feely : Dem Sen. Stabenow : ‘ Global warming creates volatility .
I feel it when I ’m flying .
The storms are more volatile ’
Residents of the developing world are being told that virtually any calamity or misfortune that befalls them can be traced back to the wealthy Western world ’s emissions of CO2 .
Generations of developing nations residents are being taught a perverted science emanating from an environmental movement and a United Nations that has truly become a scientific laughingstock .
Even mainstream news outlets are mocking global warming claims now .
See : Shock : Wash .
Post ’s Milbank : ‘ In DC ’s blizzards , the greens were hoisted by their own petard …
For years , activists have argued by anecdote … with claims bordering on the outlandish ’ – Milbank : ‘ They ’ve blamed global warming for shrinking sheep in Scotland , more shark and cougar attacks , genetic changes in squirrels , an increase in kidney stones and even the crash of Air France Flight 447 ’
The notion that humans can control the thermostat and climate fluctuations of the Earth seems to have particularly infected President Obama .
President Obama seems so imbued with his ability to control climate that during the 2008 presidential campaign he prognosticated his presidency would be “ the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal . ”
( For latest scientific data refuting sea level rise fears see here . )
President Obama has also claimed he can “ block the Sun ’s rays to end global warming . ”
Sec. Chu , the Televangelist ?
One of the biggest scientific laughingstocks when it comes to man-made global warming has turned out to be Obama ’s Nobel Prize Winning Energy Secretary Stephen Chu .
Chu has descended into a deep faith - based science without peer among cabinet officials .
Chu now apparently believes “ predictions ” are some sort of “ proof ” or “ evidence ” of what the Earth will be like 100 years from now .
Chu told a conference in California his prognostication .
“ At no other time in the history of science have we been able to say what the future will be 100 years from now , ” Chu , the soothsayer , declared according to a June 28 , 2009 article in Palo Alto Online News .
See : Obama ’s ‘ Climate Astrologer ’ : Energy Sec.
Chu claims he knows ‘ what the future will be 100 years from now ’ – June 28 , 2009
Is science speaking into Sec. Chu ’s ear and telling him of what the future holds ?
Chu has reduced his scientific expertise to that of a televangelist who claims he hears God speaking to him .
The question looms : Should n’t Sec .
Chu be touting these scary predictions of the year 2100 on a boardwalk with a full deck of Tarot Cards ?
Imagine if a senior cabinet official in 1909 had stated he knows for certain what the climate and energy mix of the year 2009 will be .
Any such cabinet official making such wacky statements would be laughed out of 1909 America , but in 2010 America , that same person gets some sort of odd scientific respect .
Perhaps Sec.
Chu should find a new “ religion ” to publicly advocate .
See : Aussie Geologist : Climate fear is ‘ new religion for urban populations which have lost their faith in Christianity ’ – ‘ IPCC report is their Bible .
Al Gore and Lord Stern are their prophets ’ – July 8 , 2009
Other ’s in the Obama administration hold to similar faith - based astrological views .
La Cosa Climate : Commerce Sec. Warns : Americans Need ‘ To Pay ’ Or Face Mother Nature ’s Wrath —
Pay up or face ‘ floods , droughts and rising sea levels ’ – July 17 , 2009 ]
President Obama ’s belief that he can control the climate is not unique .
Primitive cultures embraced a kind of faith based “ climate astrology . ”
The question is , have we advanced as a modern society from old pagan rituals ?
The answer is ‘ No ’ when it comes to promoting man -made global warming fears .
See : Climatologist : Modern belief that mankind controls climate ‘ not that different from ancient civilizations making sacrifices to the gods of nature ’
Salem Witch Trials during ‘ Little Ice Age ’ : ‘ Women suspected of being witches– were often accused of changing the weather ’
Have we advanced ?
‘ Aztec priests encouraged people to sacrifice blood to the gods ’ to end severe drought in 1450 – ‘ Sacrificed thousands of people in a few weeks ’
Climate Astrology : ‘ Mass starvation ’ – Global warming ‘ WILL make growing seasons shorter , generating lower crop production ’
Climate Astrologists : ‘ Heatwaves , droughts , floods and storms WILL sweep across continents , killing millions and evicting millions more ’
The Astrology of Climate Change
Congressional Weather - Makers : ‘ Climate Astrologer ’
Boxer warns of ‘ droughts , floods , fires , loss of species ’ — if Senate fails to pass climate bill – July 11 , 2009
You may ask who are the modern human sacrifices of the “ climate astrology ” movement ?
The answer is unsettling .
See :
Modern Human Sacrifices : Global Warming policies leading to ‘ a new form of colonialism ’ :
‘ The white wealthy western world is telling 1.6 billion people in developing world — predominantly of color — that they have to have their economies managed , their energy managed all because of climate fears ’
– December 10 , 2009
Modern Human Sacrifices Under Modern Climate Paganism :
Flashback 2002 : U.S. Environmentalist Laments Introduction of Electricity in Africa
Flashback 2002 : Jerry Brown says ‘ it ’s not viable ’ for poverty stricken developing world to emulate prosperity of U.S .
Ugandan Activist : ‘ African life span is lower than it was in U.S. and Europe 100 years ago .
But Africans told we should n’t develop ’ because wealthy Western nations are ‘ worried about global warming ’ : Excerpt : ‘ Telling Africans they can’t have electricity and economic development – is immoral ’
Flashback 2003 : S. African Activist : Poor countries should just say : ‘ Go to hell ’ to Wealthy Western Nations : ‘ If you do n’t want us to fill in our wetlands , then you bomb your big cities like Washington , a third of Holland and Rotterdam and so on , and restore them to being swamps ’
Flashback 2002 : UN Earth Summit ’s Failure Called ‘ Good Thing ’ For Poor Nations : Excerpt :
The first world became rich without the IMFs and World Banks , and the less of them that are around , the more likely the Third World is to do the same . ”
It is a moral issue !
– ‘ People cannot cook ’… Chad ’s Global Warming Inspired Ban on Charcoal leads to ‘ Desperate ’ Families !
– January 16 , 2009
Poor Kenyans rebel as UK grocery store ’s “ carbon friendly ” policies may stop food exports
India :
‘ It is morally wrong for us to reduce emissions when 40 % of Indians do not have access to electricity ’
Report : ‘ Green , UN , rich nation and African elites impose deadly anti-development colonialism ’ – June 8 , 2009
Greenpeace Leader :
There is urgent need for the suppression of economic growth in U.S… ’ Lifestyle of the rich in the world is not a sustainable model ’ – August 20 , 2009
Flashback 2002 : Average American Lifestyle Called “ Total Bull—t ” by Environmentalist – Excerpt : ‘ If anyone in a developing country looks to the U.S. and wants a lifestyle like the average American–it ’s total bull —t!’
Gore : U.S. Climate Bill Will Help Bring About ‘ Global Governance ’ – July 10 , 2009
Former EU Environment Minister Margot Wallstrom : ‘ Kyoto is about the economy , about leveling the playing field for big businesses worldwide ’
‘ Climate Justice … the underlying principle for global equity ’
Canadian Prime Minster Stephen Harper once dismissed UN ’s Kyoto Protocol as a ‘ socialist scheme ’
Flashback 2000 : Actor Chevy Chase Says ‘ Socialism Works ’ — ‘ Cuba might prove that ’
Black clergymen protest Robert Redford ‘ link his environmentalism to racism ’
Obama Advisor Warren Buffett ‘ repeats criticism of cap and trade , saying it would be a huge , regressive tax ’
Wash .
Post ’s Moment of Clarity : In Poorer Nations , Energy Needs Trump Climate Issues – September 9 , 2009 – Excerpt : Millions of people are eager to buy their first washing machines , refrigerators and air conditioners … dearth of power hinders prosperity . [… ]
Some environmentalists see a chance for Asian and African countries to take the lead in developing renewable energy technologies such as solar and wind power , bypassing Western energy models based largely on coal and oil .
But many economic experts here are doubtful that will happen .
“ The United States and Europe have had the energy they needed to grow and develop , ” said William Bissell , a prominent Indian entrepreneur and author of “ Making India Work . ”
“ But we have n’t had our 21st century yet . ”
For an explanation as to why the man -made global warming fear movement has so spectacularly failed , we turn to Richard Lindzen .
MIT Climate Scientist : ‘ Ordinary people see through man-made climate fears — but educated people are very vulnerable ’ – July 6 , 2009
Related Climate Astrology Links :
Climate Cultists ?!
Parents and son dead after ‘ suicide pact brought on by terror of global warming ’ – March 1 , 2010 – Physicist Lubos Motl : ‘ Gore Lied , People Died ’ —
‘ People who really believe that global warming leads us to a doomsday should be treated as mentally ill ’
Climate Depot ’s Morano says Nobel Laureate and energy secretary Steven Chu promotes tarot card - level science
Global ‘ Weirding ’ Debunked : ‘ Drought patterns at the global scale for the period 1950 to 2000 , and found no evidence to support claims of increasing drought activity ’
Global ‘ Weirding ’ Debunked : ‘ Drought patterns at the global scale for the period 1950 to 2000 , and found no evidence to support claims of increasing drought activity ’
Obama blames record Dallas snow on global warming
Resident Astrologer : NYT ’s Friedman : ‘ Avoid the term ‘ global warming . ’
I prefer the term ‘ global weirding ’
Rare ABC News TV Debate : Climate Depot Vs. Center For Am. Progress — ‘UN IPCC was a political organization masquerading as a science group .
It ’s been exposed ’ – Weiss : Blizzards are ‘ consistent with what scientists had predicted ’ — Morano Response : ‘ It ’s consistent with climate astrology , basically it ’s a horoscope …
You should be embarrassed ’
Tarot Card Time — More Climate Astrology : Global warming causes an increase and a decrease in San Francisco fog
Golden - Gate - gate ?
San Fran ’s
Fog silliness
Pielke Jr. : ‘ Consistent with being in a deep fog ’ —
‘ More fog is consistent with predictions of climate change .
Less fog is consistent with predictions of climate change .
I wonder if the same amount of fog is also “ consistent with ” such predictions ?
I bet
Global warming blamed for decreasing quality of beer
‘ Global Warming Is Like Kevin Bacon , You Can Link Everything Back to It ’
Claims Mocked : ‘ Global warming is helping Taliban .
The logic : temperatures rise , droughts continue , and lo and behold , people become suicide bombers ’
TRASH TV : Gibson of ABC
News claims : ‘ Climate change may be giving a boost to the Taliban and to al Qaeda ’
ABC ’s Bill Blakemore ’s new reporting low : ‘ Rising temps are helping both heroin traffickers and their Taliban and al Qaeda supporters ’
Climate Models Blown Away By Water Vapor :
‘ The predictors of future climate disaster may as well be using tarot cards ’
As believable as Energy Sec. Chu : UFO Prophet Warns of ‘ Environmental Destruction ’ in 2012 – ‘ Foretells widespread catastrophic consequences of global warming ’
Silly : Joe Romm at it again !
Connects wilfires to global warming
Dem Congresswoman Blames ‘ Global Warming ’ for California Wildfires
Laughable claims : “ We ’ve never lost a national park before but global warming could change that ’ – ‘ Climate change will submerge Eastern national parks under rising oceans , melt Glacier National Park ’s glaciers , kill Joshua Tree National Park ’s Joshua trees ; dramatically change face of Rocky Mountain National Park ’
Monk warns :
‘ As the world ’s temp steadily soars , the temp inside our mind is also heating up rapidly ’
Columnist : ‘ The Branch Carbonian Cult ’ : Global warming movement ‘ has taken on worrisome attributes of a pseudo - religious cult ’ – ‘ Operates far more on the basis of an apocalyptic ‘ belief ’ system than on objective climate science ’
Is God protecting Fla. at Gov. Crist ’s request ?
Intense cold front that killed 20,000 alpaca in Peru blamed on …global warming !
Silly : Canadian politician says home flooding ‘ is a reminder that climate change is real and that it will mean more severe weather ’
Aussie Geologist : ‘ Guilt about hypothetical global warming is a social pathology restricted largely to wealthy , middle class , western societies ’ – ‘ Astonishingly susceptible to ecoevangelistic propaganda about dangerous human - caused climate change ’
Aussie Scientist : ‘ Global Warming is Mass Mania of Our Times ’ —
‘ Doubt seen as conscious deliberate evil deserving expulsion or extermination ’
Swiss seek Pope ’s blessing to stop glacier melting
The X - 37B/ OTV spacecraft undergoes final testing at Boeing for a 2010 test flight .
Click to enlarge .
A secretive military spacecraft resembling a small spaceshuttle orbiter isundergoing final processing in Florida for launch on April 19 .
The Air Force confirmed the critical preflightmilestone in a response to written questions on Thursday .
The 29 - foot - long , 15 - foot - wide OrbitalTest Vehicle arrived in Cape Canaveral , Fla. , last month according to the Air Force .
The OTV spaceplane was built at a Boeing Phantom Works facility inSouthern California .
Managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office , the OTVprogram is shrouded in secrecy , but military officials occasionally releaseinformation on the the spaceplane 's progress .
" It is now undergoing spacecraft processing includingcheckout , fueling , and encapsulating in the 5 - meter fairing of the Atlas 5 [ rocket ] , " an Air Force spokesperson said .
The 11,000 - pound vehicle will launchinside the nose cone of the Atlas 5 rocket .
Liftoff is currently set for 10 p.m. EDT on April 19 .
The reusable spacecraft is more famously known as the X - 37B .
Thedesign is based on the orbital and re-entry demonstrator initially developed byNASA , then handed over to the Pentagon .
The NASA version of the X - 37 featured an equipment bay 7 feet long and 4 feet in diameter for experiments and deployable payloads .
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency completed aseries of approach and landing tests in 2007 using the White Knight airplanefrom Scaled Composites as a mothership .
It is easy to track the X - 37 's tumultuous history .
NASAawarded the first X - 37 contract to Boeing in July 1999 , and the agency flew aseries of visible atmopsheric tests on a scale model of the spaceplane in 2001 .
The X - 37 began its transformation from a human spaceflight testbed to amilitary - run project when NASA shifted responsibility to DARPA in September2004 , a consequence of the space agency 's new focus on lunar exploration .
But specific payloads for the Air Force 's OTV program are n'tso clear .
Officials have denied interview requests on the project , and themilitary only releases information through written responses .
The X - 37B 's mission is to " demonstrate a reliable , reusable , unmanned space test platform for the United States Air Force , " the military fact sheet says .
" Objectives of the OTV program include spaceexperimentation , risk reduction and concept of operations development forreusable space vehicle technologies . "
At the end of its mission , the X - 37B will fire its engineand drop from orbit , autonomously navigating through a fiery re-entry on theway to its 15,000 - foot - long primary runway at Vandenberg Air Force Base , Calif .
Edwards Air Force Base is the backup landing site .
The duration of the spaceplane 's first mission is n't beingannounced .
" The X - 37B has the requirement to be on - orbit up to 270days , " the Air Force spokesperson said .
" Actual length for the firstmission will depend on the meeting the mission objectives , which consists ofcheckout and performance characteristics of the spacecraft systems . "
A Lethal Obsession
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The sixth international Israeli Apartheid Week kicked off on Monday , promising 14 days of Israel - bashing in about 40 cities around the world , mostly on college campuses .
Organizers say the events will “ educate ” about Israel ’s so - called “ apartheid system ” and encourage BDS ( boycotts , divestment and sanctions ) against the Jewish state .
Punishing Israel into submission will lead to the end of “ colonization ” of Arab land , the beginning of equal rights for Arab - Palestinians , the dismantling of the security barrier , and instituting the right of return for Palestinian refugees .
Naomi Klein , the Jewish anti-globalization savant who has in recent years branched out to include demonizing Israel in her repertoire , pointed out in the opening speech of last year ’s extravaganza that “ serious movements have serious enemies , ” arguing that the fierce opposition to Israeli Apartheid Week proved its importance .
According to that reasoning , perhaps it would be better to simply ignore the festivities and allow the whole thing to blow over .
Problem is , if left unchallenged , proponents of the apartheid analogy are liable to stifle free speech and trample open debate on campuses by using intimidation and bullying tactics .
They recently prevented Ambassador Michael Oren from finishing a speech at UC Irvine , and on the same day in Cambridge they interrupted Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , allegedly shouting in Arabic , “ Slaughter the Jews . ”
Meanwhile , Cambridge University ’s Israel Society bowed to pressure from Muslim students to cancel a speech by historian Benny Morris .
CONSIDERING ITS sordid historical roots , it is not surprising that Israel Apartheid Week ’s proponents are hostile to free expression .
In his new book , , Robert S. Wistrich shows that the intellectual roots of the apartheid libel can be traced to Soviet totalitarianism .
Building on deep - seated anti-Semitism dating from the czarist era , the Soviet Union launched a ferocious anti-Israel campaign in the wake of Israel ’s victory in the Six Day War in an attempt to squash Zionism and with it other national liberation movements that threatened to challenge blind loyalty to the Soviet Republic .
Equating Jerusalem with Pretoria also served the Soviets in gaining influence in Africa and aligning the Third World against the US and other western states that supported Israel .
Interestingly , Trotskyists – with Jews prominent in their ranks – became the most enthusiastic propagators of the Zionist racist mythology , perhaps in an attempt to negate their Jewishness and prove their fidelity to the communist cause .
In the ’70s the PLO and Arab governments , recognizing the political efficacy of latching on to the Soviet - made analogy , joined forces with the USSR to spread lies about Israel .
“ The apartheid libel transformed Zionism ( and by implication Jews and Judaism ) into an inhuman ideology and the foundation of a state policy that supposedly divides the world into Jews ( a chosen people ) and goyim ( inferior beings designated to be slaves ) , ” writes Wistrich .
Once this was accomplished , dismantling the Jewish state with the use of boycotts , divestment and sanctions could be justified .
Even terrorist violence could be forgiven .
Sadly , Soviet propaganda has worked .
While rogue states such as Sudan commit horrendous crimes against humanity , and Saudi Arabia , Pakistan and other self - proclaimed Muslim states do not even attempt to hide their contempt for non-Muslims , only Israel is singled out for castigation .
This is the Israel that translates hostile Palestinian authors into Hebrew ; that maintains a Supreme Court that defends the human rights of Palestinians , including its recent ruling to open Route 443 to Palestinians despite real fears that this could lead to drive - by shootings ; that keeps its universities open to Arab citizens and grants them the right to vote .
It ’s not only Desmond Tutu and former US president Jimmy Carter who make the apartheid case .
Even Defense Minister Ehud Barak has stumbled .
“ As long as in this territory west of the Jordan river there is only one political entity called Israel , it is going to be either non-Jewish , or non-democratic , ” Barak said during a speech last month at the Herzliya Conference .
“ If this bloc of millions of Palestinians cannot vote , that will be an apartheid state , ” he added , playing into the hands of Israel ’s most manipulative detractors and ignoring the facts that Israel is committed to seeking an accommodation with the Palestinians precisely to avoid any such state of affairs , and that it is those who would seek to deny the Jewish nation its only state who are guilty of apartheid attitudes .
Instead of adopting anti-Semitic newspeak , Israel ’s representativesneed to perfect the craft of hitting back diplomatically – “ todelegitimize the delegitimizers , ” in the memorable phrase of Canadianlaw professor and human rights activist Irwin Cotler .
Part of that taskis knowing the despicable history of the apartheid libel , understandingwhose interests it serves and , most importantly , protecting free speechagainst those who would deny it .
Michigan Gov to Repower Detroit With Solar Roofs for as Low as $ 6,000
January 17th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
The people who live in Detroit could really use some good news after taking the hardest landing as the Age of Oil clunkered to a close .
A massive homesteading retrofit program to bring free energy from sunshine would be just perfect .
In 2007 , Michigan ’s Governor Granholm had instigated one of the most progressive climate targets of any state in the US , to achieve an EU Kyoto Accord level of greenhouse gas reduction of 20 % below 1990 by 2020 .
To get there , she set out a combination of renewable energy incentives that make solar roofs in the nearly abandoned city a slam dunk , and which could bring out - of - pocket costs down to as little as $ 6,000 .
In 2007 , she signed the ambitious target .
And to get there , she invited some serious thinkers to analyze the cost - effectiveness of various policy options .
After a more than a year of intensive stakeholder collaboration and cost - benefit analysis , they recommended 54 climate mitigation policy actions to lower greenhouse gases and achieve a $ 25 billion net gain in the gross state product .
One of the policy options recommended was “ Incentives to Promote Renewable Energy Systems Implementation ” .
She took their advice and budgeted $ 25 million for solar rebates .
Now the local utility , DTE Energy , as part of the its compliance plan under the state Renewable Portfolio Standard – which requires that it buy more renewable energy each year – will pay residents to install solar power that feeds the grid .
They can stop the offer only once their customers have collectively installed 5 MW of solar power .
Any customers of DTE Energy are eligible .
Because the rebate pays $ 2,400 for every KW installed , a 5 KW system would be $ 12,000 off .
Like all Americans , Detroit homeowners would get the new 30 % tax credit , which would reduce cost another $ 6,900 , leaving an out - of - pocket cost of just $ 6,000 , according to calculations by Solar Fred at Solar Power Rocks .
In addition , the utility will continue to pay a Feed - in Tariff of 11 cents per kilowatt - hour .
This would bring in income year after year , which Solar Fred estimates , assuming average Detroit rain , snow and a good roof orientation , could amount to a tidy $ 610 or so a year .
To those people who live in the Rogue States that have not passed climate and renewable energy legislation , it must seem inconceivable that an electric utility would actually pay you to put solar on your roof to compete with their rates .
But once built , renewable energy will be much cheaper than fossil energy , because the fuel is free and non-polluting .
And climate legislation makes that initial switch happen .
And what more fitting way to re-energize the city that suffered the most from fossil fuels – than with a 25 to 40 year supply of fossil - free energy .
Image : Feral Houses by James D Griffioen
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Upgraded public trails celebrated at Rock Point
Gussied - up and fortified , a maze of trails that run through the 94 - acre Rock Point peninsula in Burlington is preserved through a big joint effort .
​ Stains on your window , carpers , and furniture can be quite hard to clean .
Spills can happen around the house and stains can simply be cleaned using vinegar and lime , carbonated water , baking soda paste or some commercial stain removal .
Simple DIY tricks can do it all , but a home cleaning company should be allowed to do it because removing a stain using the wrong stain removal can negatively impact your carpet or upholstery .
If you hire us to clean stubborn stains on carpet and upholstery , we will use stain removal liquids and chemicals that are effective and environmentally friendly .
For Winder , Germany ’s Sonderweg ( special path ) was not something peculiar to its identity that set it irrevocably on the road to Nazism but its astonishing diversity .
This was represented not just in the component states ’ vulnerability to dynastic accident or external threat but the way in which each princeling could live out his own Ruritanian dreams , whether through sponsoring great artworks , building a feeble knock - off of Versailles , or collecting biological or geological curiosities from around the world to display to his guests .
From Roman times until the late 19th century , Germany was a patchwork that defied definition – to the extent that the whole of its history , as Winder says , can be construed as an argument over various poorly defined borders .
Kim Yu - Na of South Korea blew away the competition and Canadian Joannie Rochette won the hearts of Vancouver 's Pacific Coliseum crowd Thursday with a gutsy performance to earn an Olympic bronze medal just days after her mother 's death .
Kim earned a whopping 150.06 points in the free skate to finish with 228.56 , breaking her own world record .
Joannie Rochette earned bronze , days after her mother passed away .
( ( Jamie Squire / Getty Images ) )
Rochette , from Île Dupas , Que. , came out strongly with a triple Lutz / double toe / double toe sequence while skating to Samson and Delilah by Saint - Saens , but landed awkwardly on a triple flip , eliciting a groan from the crowd .
The 24 - year - old quickly regained her composure and impressed with her spiral sequence .
Her remaining jumps were n't technically the best , but Rochette displayed her mettle by fighting to land them .
She scored 202.64 points to earn bronze .
Rochette is Canada 's first Olympic medallist in women 's figure skating since Elizabeth Manley took silver in Calgary in 1988 .
" I 'm sure my mom was there with me with every step , and I 'm really glad I could do it , " she told CTV .
" I still do n't know how I could do this and not start crying before the music started . "
Thérèse Rochette , 55 , died of a heart attack early Sunday , shortly after arriving in Vancouver to support her daughter .
" Even with what happened , [ hitting the podium ] was still my goal ... and I 'm just really proud I could skate , " Rochette said .
She wiped away tears after accepting her bronze medal .
" I do n't know about owning the podium , but I think we own the world 's hearts tonight , " Canadian Olympic Committee CEO Chris Rudge said .
" That young girl performed on a level that is beyond comprehension .
" And I guess at this point you 'd have to think that 's the story of the Games . "
Cynthia Phaneuf , 22 , of Contrecoeur , Que. , finished 12th .
Silver ceiling
Mao Asada of Japan had been in contention for gold , but the combination of a couple of bobbles in her program and Kim 's flawless skate made silver her ceiling .
Kim became the first - ever figure - skating champion from South Korea .
Her success comes with a strong Canadian connection , as she has spent much of her time since 2006 living and training in Toronto under the tutelage of former world champion Brian Orser .
Skating to Concerto in F by George Gershwin , Kim opened with a triple Lutz / triple toe loop combo and glided effortlessly on the ice with her triple flip .
It only get got better from there , with three more triples and a flying sit spin .
Canadian choreographer Sandra Bezic , working as a commentator for NBC , called it " glorious . "
" This is simply one of the greatest Olympic performances of all time , " said Bezic .
Kim had not lost in over a year , a defeat to Asada at the Grand Prix final in her native South Korea , and on this night she simply left no room for her longtime Japanese rival to overtake her .
Asada was in an unenviable position , following Kim , but she took to the challenge with a triple Axel followed by a triple Axel / double toe combination .
Her mistakes came in the middle of the program , an under-rotation on a jump and an error in her step sequence .
Asada 's score was 205.50 points .
But Asada proved once again a worthy adversary to Kim after beginning this season in rough fashion .
She did n't qualify for the Grand Prix final after a fifth place showing in Moscow , and she finished 36 points behind Kim in the only event they both competed in , the Trophée Eric Bompard in Paris .
Asada , like Kim just 19 years old , becomes the third Japanese woman to receive a medal in the event .
Midori Ito took silver in 1992 and Shizuka Arakawa a surprise winner in 2006 .
U.S. shut out
For the first time in 44 years the United States did not have a woman on the podium , but the performances of Mirai Nagasu , 16 , and Rachael Flatt , 17 , could bode well for the Sochi Games in four years .
Nagasu and Flatt were fourth and seventh , respectively .
Nagasu of Arcadia , Calif. , skated last , but after sitting sixth after the short program , she had too much ground to make up on Rochette .
The irrepressible Nagasu put together a tremendous program to vault over Miki Ando and into fourth place .
Nagasu dedicated her performance in Vancouver to her mother , Ikuko , who is battling thyroid cancer .
Flatt of Del Mar , Calif. , enhanced her reputation as a leaper , but the judges downgraded a couple of her triple jumps .
Ando of Japan was a threat to Rochette 's medal hopes , sitting in fourth after the short program .
The 2007 world champion started strongly with a triple Lutz / double loop combo and displayed elegance , but the program lacked pizzazz .
Laura Lepisto of Finland , 2008 European champion , held the lead going into the final flight of skaters .
Lepisto earned a personal - best 126.61 points in the free skate to finish sixth .
Japan's Akiko Suzuki , the Cup of China winner this season , also impressed in the second - to - last group .
Suzuki — who had the misfortune of skating immediately after Kim and Asada in the short program — improved from 11th to eighth place .
Phaneuf started strongly with a triple toe loop / double Axel combination , but then overrotated on her triple Lutz .
She recovered with a couple of clean jumps , but then popped out of a planned triple Salchow .
South Korea 's Kim Yu - Na , who trains in Toronto , dazzled with her free skate .
( ( Paul Chiasson / Canadian Press ) )
A stumble on an Axel occurred later , leaving her looking skyward at program 's end .
She earned 99.46 points for the skate .
The Canadian champion in 2004 before Rochette began her current six - year reign , Phaneuf was competing in her first Games , as her 2006 bid was derailed by a knee injury .
Phaneuf benefited from some underwhelming performances elsewhere in the field .
Two women who have been staples on the European championship podium in recent years struggled badly .
Three - time European champion Carolina Kostner of Italy touched down on her first jump attempt and fell on three others were en route to 16th place .
Sarah Meier of Switzerland also had an outing marked by missteps , landing in 15th spot .
Elene Gedevanishvili of Georgia , impressive in the free skate , fell five spots to 14th .
The event concluded the figure - skating competition at the Vancouver Games , with the exhibition gala to take place Saturday evening .
The competition saw a further shift away from European winners , a process that began at the Torino Games .
With 12 medals available , North American skaters won five and Asians won five .
Imagine , if you dare , the agonies of the talented people trapped inside the collapsing tomb called “ The Addams Family . ”
Being in this genuinely ghastly musical  which opened Thursday night at the Lunt - Fontanne Theater and stars a shamefully squandered Nathan Lane and Bebe Neuwirth  must feel like going to a Halloween party in a strait - jacket or a suit of armor .
Sure , you make a flashy ( if obvious ) first impression .
But then you ’re stuck in the darn thing for the rest of the night , and it ’s really , really uncomfortable .
Why , you can barely move , and a strangled voice inside you keeps gasping , “ He -e - e - lp !
Get me out of here ! ”
That silent scream rises like a baleful ectoplasm from a production that generally offers little to shiver about , at least not in any pleasurable way .
The satisfying shiver , of course , was what was consistently elicited by the gleefully macabre cartoons by Charles Addams that inspired this musical , as well as a 1960s television series and two movies in the early 1990s .
It ’s a rare American who is n’t familiar with the sinister little clan ( which first appeared in The New Yorker magazine in 1938 ) for whom shrouds are the last word in fashion , and a guillotine is the perfect children ’s toy .
This latest reincarnation of “ The Addams Family ” is clearly relying , above all , on its title characters ’ high recognition factor .
That such faith is not misplaced is confirmed by the audience ’s clapping and snapping along with the first strains of the overture , which appropriates the catchy television theme song .
When the curtain parts to reveal a Madame Tussauds - like tableau of the assembled Addamses , there is loud , salutatory applause .
There they are , lined up like tombstones ( appropriately , since the setting is a cemetery ) and looking as if they had just stepped out of Charles Addams ’s inkwell .
Shrink these impeccably assembled creatures to a height of 10 inches , and you could give them away with McDonald ’s Happy Meals ( or , given the context , Unhappy Meals ) .
( This guest post comes from Hera Research )
Investors often seek safety from financial market turbulence in US government bonds since they offer virtually no risk of default and , unlike cash or gold , provide a yield .
At the same time , sovereign debt default concerns outside the US , e.g. , Iceland , Dubai , and Greece , have been linked to short - term rallies in the US dollar and have diverted attention from the fiscal challenges facing the US .
However , since seven US states are in worse financial condition than Greece , Ireland , Portugal or Spain , shelter may prove hard to find .
With a $ 3.83 trillion budget , a $ 12.3 trillion federal government debt , a $ 1.35 trillion 2010 budget deficit and $ 63 trillion in unfunded liabilities , the fiscal condition of the US has come into question and foreign interest in US Treasuries has declined .
In late March , it was reported that the 10 - year US Treasury Note yield had risen 30 basis points and that foreign holders of 10 - year Notes were selling in record numbers .
Reports of US Treasury auction distress first appeared in December of 2009 when an article by Eric Sprott and David Franklin entitled “ Is it All Just a Ponzi Scheme ? ” questioned the “ Other Investors ” reported by the US Federal Reserve .
The unidentified investors held $ 359.1 billion worth of US Treasuries in the forth quarter of 2008 but $ 880.5 billion by the end of the third quarter 2009 , an increase of $ 521.4 billion .
Based on the Federal Reserve Flow of Funds Report , Messrs .
Sprott and Franklin found the increase attributable to the “ Household Sector ” , which is defined in the Federal Reserve ’s Flow of Funds Guide as “ … amounts held or owed by the other sectors … subtracted from known totals … [ such that ] the remainders are assumed to be the amounts held or owed by the household sector . ”
Thus , the “ Household Sector ” is strictly an artifact of accounting practices , and , as a result , there has been some speculation regarding the parties responsible for $ 521.4 billion in 2009 US Treasury purchases .
A recent analysis of 4 - week Treasury auction results by OmniSans Investment Research suggested that US Treasury auctions are more distressed than has been generally recognized , and a similar analysis appeared on the popular Zero Hedge website .
The OmniSans and Zero Hedge articles focus on the percent of Treasury auction purchases made by the Federal Reserve ’s own primary dealers , as compared with other bidders , and on the percentage of indirect ( foreign ) bids accepted .
In particular , the acceptance of 100 % of foreign bids suggests extremely weak foreign demand .
While the evidence is accurate , the conclusion is less clear since the changing pattern of US Treasury auction results is more complex .
Federal Reserve measures designed to increase financial market liquidity and to recapitalize the banking system , such as the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , represent monetary inflation ( or re-inflation ) , and some of this currency has certainly found its way into the coffers of the US Treasury , i.e. , a rise in primary dealer purchases .
A rise in primary dealer purchases could also be a result of the low cost of borrowing from the Federal Reserve .
In theory , primary dealers can generate profits simply by borrowing from the Federal Reserve at near zero percent interest rates and buying Treasuries with higher yields .
Of course , primary dealer purchases funded by borrowing from the Federal Reserve would be tantamount to debt monetization .
An increase in primary dealer purchases , or in purchases by direct bidders , could compensate for a decline in foreign purchases of US Treasuries but would not explain it .
To be significant , a decline in foreign purchases would have to be evident in more than one type of Treasury , i.e. , outside of the reported 1.0 bid to cover ratio for indirect bidders in recent 4 - week Treasury Bill auctions .
What may be an emerging pattern of falling foreign demand and rising primary dealer purchases , both of which have been moderated by an increase in purchases made by direct bidders ( financial institutions that place bids directly with the US Treasury , such as domestic depository institutions and mutual funds ) is evident in 4 - week Treasury Bill auction results .
Direct Federal Reserve purchases of US Treasuries ( monetization ) have been distributed over Treasuries of different types and maturities and have been generally implemented as a consistent , low - level of buying for particular Bills , Notes or Bonds .
Overall , the Federal Reserve increased its holdings of US Treasuries by $ 286 billion in 2009 , an increase of more than 60 % as of September 2009 compared to 2008 , and , as of March 2010 , the Federal Reserve ’s holdings of US Treasuries had increased another $ 14 billion to roughly $ 777 billion .
What is important is that monetization has been most significant in 4 - week Treasury Bills , reaching 38.59 % of total 4 - week Treasury Bill sales on January 26 , 2010 , but similar spikes in Federal Reserve purchases do not appear in auction results for other types of Treasuries .
Thus , it should come as no surprise that 4 - week Treasury Bills have fallen out of favor with foreign investors .
Of course , the amount of currency created by monetization in a particular auction , regardless of the percent of Treasuries purchased by the Federal Reserve , represents only a small fraction of the monetary base .
Nonetheless , there is not only a psychological dimension but also aggregate effects on the balance sheet of the Federal Reserve , on the US dollar and , ultimately , on the viability of US Treasury auctions .
A general pattern of decreased indirect bidder participation offset by rising direct bidder participation , setting aside any increase in primary dealer purchases , is evident outside of 4 - week Treasury Bill auctions .
Foreign demand for 30 - year Treasury Bonds has fallen over the past year , suggesting that foreign purchases may have shifted towards the short end of the maturity continuum .
The more significant fact , however , is the marked increase in direct bidder purchasing , which has more than compensated for slack foreign demand at the extreme long end of the spectrum leaving primary dealer purchases flat .
Given the increase in direct bidder purchases , and reflecting on the questions raised by Messrs .
Sprott and Franklin , it seems likely that the $ 521.4 billion worth of US Treasuries in 2009 reflects otherwise unclassified direct bidders , i.e. , direct bidders other than recognized domestic investment funds and depository institutions .
Unfortunately , the identities of the bidders remain unknown in any case .
The most dramatic example of primary dealer purchases replacing indirect ( foreign ) bidders is in Cash Management Bills , but these represent a rolling debt of perhaps $ 100 billion analogous to the corporate bond market and are not representative of other types of Treasuries .
While there are apparent signs of Treasury auction distress , based on a survey of Treasury auction data from January 2009 to March 2010 , there is no indication of an immanent auction failure so long as the primary dealers and direct bidders continue to step into the breach .
Further , the same patterns either do not appear or are much less pronounced in longer - term Treasury Note sales .
It seems unlikely that direct bidders within the US can compensate indefinitely , or to an unlimited extent , for falling foreign demand .
Commenting on the ambitious spending plans of the US federal government , Zhu Min , Deputy Governor of the People 's Bank of China said in December 2009 that " the world does not have so much money to buy more US Treasuries . "
It would certainly be unreasonable for the US federal government and Federal Reserve to assume that ambitious deficit spending and ongoing quantitative easing ( QE ) would have no cumulative impact on US Treasury auctions .
If there is a limit to foreign appetite for US debt , to foreign capacity to lend to the US , or to international tolerance for US dollar devaluation , the US government and Federal Reserve seem determined to find it .
China 's foreign exchange reserves , valued at $ 2,399.2 billion at the end of December 2009 ( not including gold ) , include only $ 894.8 billion in US Treasury bonds .
In contrast , the US must issue or roll over $ 702 billion in debt in 2010 and a total of $ 2.55 trillion in Treasuries to be issued this year , while $ 3.7 trillion in US Treasuries are held abroad .
While US GDP was at $ 14.46 trillion in 2009 ( with debt levels set to rise to 90 % of GDP by 2020 ) , China ’s GDP is currently estimated as $ 8.791 trillion .
Although there are signs of recovery in Chinese exports , the entire value of China 's reserves , assuming that its current Treasury holdings could be liquidated , is insufficient to finance US federal government debt in 2010 .
Since China recently liquidated $ 34 billion in US Treasuries , the statement of China ’s Director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange , Yi Gang , “ [ China is ] a responsible investor and in the process of these investments we can definitely achieve a mutually beneficial result " seems obligatory .
In reality , the US is currently the largest debtor nation in the history of the world , while China is the US ’ largest creditor , and neither China nor any other country is in a position to bail out the US should US Treasury auctions run aground .
Nonetheless , an overt Treasury auction failure seems impossible with the Federal Reserve as the lender of last resort to domestic depository institutions and to its own primary dealers .
Unfortunately , direct monetary inflation is not without consequences .
Specifically , increased debt monetization would impact the value of the US dollar and could spark high inflation , i.e. , rising US dollar prices for imported goods and energy , or an eventual hyperinflationary collapse of the US dollar .
Without a robust economic recovery in the US , it seems unlikely that the apparent distress of US Treasury auctions will abate .
Among other things , the gap between increasing US federal government spending and falling federal tax receipts is currently growing .
A continuation of current US federal government and Federal Reserve policies under deteriorating economic conditions suggests levels of debt that could not be absorbed by US creditors , and a so - called double - dip recession would put extreme pressure on the US dollar .
Indicators of Treasury auction distress include :
SliTaz 3.0 Release Notes
Releases notes
Overview
Welcome to SliTaz 3.0 !
Small , fast , easy to use and customize , the new SliTaz stable version is now out after one year of development .
Boot scripts rewritten and faster ( super - fast booting )
All home - made boxes improved ( tazctrlbox , tazhw , wifibox , burnbox , mountbox , netbox , serverbox , installer )
Switch to Xorg from Xvesa
Switch to Midori as the default web browser
Better hardware support - wifi cards , webcams , 3G - modems , printers , scanners
Better themes and desktop integration
Faster virtualization with lguest
SliTaz pro : OpenERP , LAMP , GLPI and more
Easier to customize LiveCD and LiveUSB ( tazlitobox and tazusbbox )
Tazpkg supports new features including the conversion of deb / rpm / arch / slackware / ipk packages to SliTaz native format
Packages are now automatically built by a build bot ( Tazbb )
More contributors and stronger community
900 packages added to the database and many updates
More than 2800 commits by contributors
Technical support is provided to users via the mailing list and the official forum : forum.slitaz.org
Supported Hardware
SliTaz GNU / Linux supports all machines based on the i486 or x86 Intel compatible processors .
A minimum 192MB of memory is recommended to use the core LiveCD .
80 MB is needed for the “ slitaz - loram ” flavor and 16MB for the “ slitaz - loram - cdrom ” flavor .
With the slitaz - loram flavor , the system is less responsive , but allows you to graphically install SliTaz on very old machines with limited resources .
Once installed , SliTaz works well with a minimum of 16MB memory , but forget about using Firefox to surf the web - you 'll have to use the text based ‘ links ’ for example .
SliTaz 3.0 provides all needed drivers and tools such as 915 resolution to have support for a wide range of netbooks ( Eeepc , HP mini , Aspire One , etc ) .
LiveCD Flavors
SliTaz GNU / Linux is distributed as a bootable LiveCD .
You can use the LiveCD as a normal system or you can graphically install SliTaz to the hard drive .
Installing / upgrading SliTaz retains your previous system 's settings , applications and documents .
The LiveCD can also be customised and easily rebuilt both graphically or from the command line .
Install your own custom set of packages , or simply use one of the preset flavors on the mirror .
Then simply generate your distribution with the “ Tazlito ” tool .
The ISO image now uses a ‘ hybrid ’ system : it can also be copied onto a USB stick without formating it ( using dd ) .
Kernel and toolchain
SliTaz 3.0 comes with a new but very well tested 2.6.30.6
Linux kernel and a complete new build toolchain from which the whole system has been built .
The 2.6.30.6 Linux kernel is separated into several linux - packages for supporting additional drivers and features .
This time we have also built - in some more drivers to have a faster kernel boot .
The new toolchain comprises of : Binutils 2.19.1 , GCC 4.4.1 , Glibc 2.10.1
UTF - 8 support
With this release , the SliTaz community can enjoy full UTF - 8 support .
SliTaz uses standard PO files for the translation of all SliTaz related tools , boxes and utilities .
With better internationalization support ( russian , portuguese , chinese , and many more ) , contributors can now use graphical tools such as poedit to make translations using GNU gettext standards .
The labs also have an i18n project to easily upload files to be included in the distribution .
The locale packs have more translated application messages for the core system and some extra packages for applications such as Gimp , Abiword , Gnumeric , etc .
Xorg server
SliTaz now uses the Xorg X window system ( although we will always try to provide a Xvesa flavor ) .
With the tazx utility you can reconfigure Xorg and select the correct driver for your card .
The xorg server comes with the vesa driver by default which powers most cards ; although you may still need to manually configure your xorg .
conf to some degree if you install some of the other drivers .
HD install and LiveUSB
The installation is fully automated and can be done graphically or in text mode .
The slitaz installer now lets you use a separate partition for / home , configure the root password and chose the default user login .
The installer also now supports installation from a LiveUSB session .
Full USB install is also supported using rootdelay=10 as a kernel argument ( in GRUB menu.lst ) .
The root delay ensures the Kernel has detected the device before mounting it on / ( root ) .
Software Packages
SliTaz 3.0 has around 2300 packages in the database .
A wide variety of packages have been commited and the Tazpkg package manager can now convert deb / rpm / arch / slackware / ipk packages to SliTaz native format ( .tazpkg ) .
A lot of time was also spent maintaining professional grade software such as OpenERP , MySQL , GLPI .
On the update side , mostly all the packages have been updated , including the kernel , toolchain , Xorg ( 7.4 ) , GTK and Qt .
The package format has also changed to support lzma for better compression and faster downloads .
Packages are also checked by Tazwok to ensure the FHS is followed and packages are now built automatically by the SliTaz Build Bot : bb.slitaz.org
Core Desktop
A lot of attention has been paid the the core desktop .
All applications are well integrated and a special SliTaz theme ( icons , Openbox , GTK ) has been created .
The core desktop provides a selection of multi-use packages for surfing the web , listening to music , audio editing , image manipulation and developing or burning to optical media .
It 's just one click in the application menu to find installed software by category .
Security
SliTaz is more secure and robust now and the firewall rules have been updated .
A firewall can be installed using the graphical tazhw box , and serverbox can help to maintain the installed firewall .
Mountbox can manage crypto devices with devmapper and the crypt setup tools allow encryption of block devices .
From 2.0 to 3.0
The SliTaz GNU / linux installer offers an update function allowing you to upgrade from a ‘ 2.0 ’ to ‘ 3.0 ’ version .
To upgrade the system you first need to boot the ‘ Stable ’ LiveCD , launch the installer , select upgrade and then specify the partition containing the system that you want to update .
The installer will then clean out the system and reinstall all the packages not present on the CD from the mirror .
When this has finished you can reboot with your new version of SliTaz .
Note that the installer will keep a copy of the list of packages and a complete archive of the /etc directory ( etc.tar.gz ) in / var / lib / slitaz - install .
To upgrade a 2.0 to 3.0 it is also possible to use the package manager “ Tazpkg ” via the ‘ set - release ’ function , but beware this is not yet proven and may require some manual intervention .
If you choose this method you must first install ‘ tazpkg ’ from 3.0 , because the package format has changed .
People of the Project
SliTaz is proud to be an international community project .
The people of the project are the ones who develop the distribution , correct the website , develop the HG repositories and write the official documentation .
Passing through Switzerland , France , Brazil , Quebec , China , India , Russia , England , and the U.S .
Christophe Lincoln
Pascal Bellard
Eric Joseph - Alexandre
Paul Issott
Julien Rabier
Rohit Joshi
Claudinei Pereira
Dominique Corbex
Mallory Mollo
Mike D. Smith
Allan Pinto
Matthew Sheets
Liu Peng
Alice Ayanami
F. Steiner
Chen Yufei
Jesse Lehman
Bill Nagel
Michael Dupont
Franco Azzano
Fabrice Thiroux
Eduardo Suarez - Santana
Tom Frankland
Sandeep Srinivasa
David Ozura
Pierre Romillon
...
The project also wishes to thank all the reviewers , testers , hackers and users who have taken the time to help advance the distribution .
ATHENS  Striking civil servants brought public services to a halt across Greece on Wednesday , in a largely peaceful one - day protest against the tough austerity measures that officials have said are necessary to stave off a mounting financial crisis .
Greece has been under intense pressure from other members of the European Union to cut its huge budget deficit and is in danger of failing to refinance some $ 28 billion in debt coming due in April and May .
Fears of default in Greece and other struggling European countries have stirred up financial markets around the world in recent weeks .
But the government ’s proposals for deep spending cuts to rein in the deficit have met significant resistance .
“ We wo n’t pay for their crisis ! ” voices amplified by loudspeakers blared from Klafthmonos Square .
“ Not one euro to be sacrificed to the bankers ! ”
The Fox News Channel boasts that it takes a different approach to news coverage than , say , CBS , NBC , or NPR .
But it appears
Fox takes the same approach as its competitors when it comes to fair uses of its news coverage in political advertisements : to try to shut them down using the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act 's rapid - fire notice and takedown process .
Ben Smith at Politico reports that the Fox news network has used a copyright claim to cause YouTube to disable access to a Democratic National Committee advertisement less than 24 hours after it was posted .
The ad , which accuses Senate candidates competing in the Republican primary of focusing on trivial issues , excerpted less than a minute of a Fox interview with one of the candidates .
The DNC has fought back , firing off a letter to Fox explaining the " DNC 's use of the clip is squarely within the bounds of fair use " and demanding that Fox effectively withdraw the claim .
The DNC also implicitly threatens to sue Fox under Section 512 ( f ) if it continues to maintain the copyright allegations , and name checks EFF 's Lenz case in the process .
As a news organization , and so presumably familiar with the concepts and application of fair use , Fox should know better .
Let 's hope
Fox will take this chance to distinguish itself from its rivals and show its support for free speech by withdrawing its spurious copyright claim .
" They are going to make 30 to 40 per cent less than doing the same job in Germany , but at least they have work , " he said .
" A skilled worker could make around 1,000 euros a month , which is n't a huge amount but it 's better than nothing .
They might also be underemployed back home , so any extra money will help them . "
Have Questions ?
Get in Touch
We are happy to assist you !
FSAS Overview
FSAS White Paper
FSAS Legislative Text
FSA Section by Section Analysis FSAS Overview
More and more Americans are taking charge of their personal health — determined to improve their diets and emphasize preventive care in order to stay or get healthy .
Consumers are looking for reliable information backed by legitimate scientific research to assist in making informed choices .
Access to this information is essential to knowing which foods and food supplements really are healthy and helpful for good health .
Immediate Goals : Consumer empowerment ; and Eliminate government censorship Long- term Goals : A healthier nation ; and Healthcare cost savings from informed decisions Read More >>
******** Action Alerts for this Campaign ********
Read More About the FSAS Act :
Readers ’ Corner : It ’s a Drug When Big Pharma Wants
It to Be a Drug
A medication at the center of a recent court ruling turns out to be a completely natural substance .
Read More >>
Free Speech Court Ruling Could Have Far- reaching Consequences
December 4 , 2012
Big Pharma seems to be the winner .
But this could open the door for natural health companies to cite truthful science about supplements .
Read more >>
May 29 , 2012
Some of our readers wondered about contradictory major media headlines .
The facts of the case follow .
Read More >>
FDA , Under Court Order , Nevertheless Refuses to Allow Truthful Claims Based on Good Science
May 21 , 2012
You would think the FDA would obey a judge ’s ruling on qualified health claims .
Think again .
Read More >>
Breaking News : Big Scientific Free Speech Win !
May 21 , 2012
In a 335 - page ruling handed down today , an Administrative Law Judge with oversight of the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) has upheld the right of pomegranate juice manufacturer POM Wonderful to tell consumers about the health benefits of its juice .
Read More >>
FDA Accuses Supplement Manufacturers of …Selling Drugs
May 17 , 2011
Misleading claims vs. legitimate science — getting to the truth can be a minefield !
Which is why the Free Speech about Science Act is so important .
Read More >>
Free Speech About Natural Health Science — It ’s Time to Fight Back !
March 29 , 2011
The Free Speech about Science Act of 2011 is about to be introduced in Congress .
This is an exciting and hugely important bill that you ’ll want to support with zeal .
Read More >>
New Government Report Says FDA Should Ask Congress for More Authority over Health Claims
January 25 , 2011
Who should worry about this ?
And will consumers learn even less about what they are eating ?
Read More >>
Top Ten Integrative Medicine Therapies
November 30 , 2010
The Mayo Clinic has its list ; we have ours .
Which complementary and alternative medicine modalities are most important to you and your family ?
Read More >>
Time for a Paradigm Shift : Nutritional Medicine
November 30 , 2010
If the Mayo Clinic ’s guide is “ Integrative Medicine Lite , ” the genuine article is found in another new book , Nutritional Medicine by Alan R. Gaby , MD .
Read More >>
Tell The FDA That Cherries — And Now Walnuts — Are NOT Illegal Drugs !
April 13 , 2010
In the latest volley of the US Food and Drug Administration ’s bizarre war on scientific freedom of speech , the FDA has sent a Warning Letter to the president and CEO of Diamond Foods stating that the firm ’s packages of shelled walnuts are “ in violation of the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act . ”
Read More >>
US Censorship of Scientific Free Speech Continues as Bayer Faces Lawsuit over Its Selenium Claims
July 14 , 2009
Bayer faces a lawsuit over its label on One a Day Men ’s Vitamins because the company dared to tell the truth that selenium may reduce the risk of prostate cancer .
Beverly Eakman , a former teacher and retired speechwriter for the heads of three government agencies , weighs in on the subject .
Read More >>
Scientific Freedom of Speech in Medical Journals — What Role Does Pharmaceutical Advertising Play Regarding Vitamin Supplements ?
Oil is trading at more than $ 82 a barrel
China 's demand for oil jumped by an " astonishing " 28 % in January compared with the same month a year earlier , the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) says .
The body added that demand for oil in 2010 would be underpinned by rising demand from emerging markets , with half of all growth coming from Asia .
But the IEA predicted demand in developed countries would fall by 0.3 % .
The IEA has increased its global oil demand forecast for 2010 by 1.8 % to 86.6 million barrels a day .
Oil prices were above $ 83 a barrel earlier today , the highest in two months , but dropped back to closer to $ 80 in late afternoon trading .
The IEA said the high price level was due to " heightening of geopolitical tensions affecting some producing countries " , but that this had been balanced by " ample physical oil supplies " .
Crude oil production by countries in the oil producers ' cartel Opec rose to a 14 - month high of 29.2 million barrels a day in February .
During February , Iraq pumped an extra 115,000 barrels a day .
Opec is due to meet on 17 March and the IEA expects it will maintain its current production targets .
What is PHudBase ?
PHudBase is a codebase , written in PHP , designed to support MUD - style games with socket - based , real - time communication across any protocol , including HTML5 WebSockets for no plugin browser - based clients .
If you 're looking for a client you can integrate with your MUD in a spectacularly no -hassle fashion , see PHudBase - WebMud .
Huh ?
PHudBase is a library divided into two parts : the " server " ( backend ) and " client " ( the client is really just a demonstration of the WebSocket features ) .
The server is run as a daemon on the Linux - based server .
It sets up one or more socket servers that will wait for clients to connect and start playing , chatting , or whatever else your application does .
It 's also very " extendable " ( a GameServer example is included ) , allowing your server to parse client inputs directly , create custom connection and communication protocols , etc .
Also included is the Game class , useful as a starting point for building your own MUD - style game , and a few sample object implementations ( Character and Room ) and actions ( look , say , and movement commands ) .
PHudBase does not ship with any kind of database implementation , so you 're free to implement MySQL , flat files , or any other storage mechanism supported by PHP .
So how do I try it ?
Guess I 'll have to make that button brighter ....
Click here to try the demo for PHudBase ( a very simple game implementation called , well , Phud ) .
The PHudBase client ( including the demo here ) requires the latest version of Google Chrome to function .
I 'll have a demo ( still plugin free ! ) up that uses Orbited ( comet ) before too long for non-Chromers .
If you can't or wo n't get Chrome , you can always telnet over to phudbase.com , port 12345 .
Or just get Chrome .
Seriously .
The client 's pretty awesome .
Okay , I wanna build a [ something awesome ] .
The code has been released as 100 % open source , and you 're free to modify , destroy , improve upon , sell , or otherwise use what I 've built in whatever way you see fit .
That said , if you find my work useful and end up using it in a publicly released fashion , be kind and respect my hard work -- attribute .
Really .
I 've got about two years of developing , revising , erasing , losing backups , fixing , and preparation that led to what you 're going to be building your project on -- do n't claim it as your own , eh ?
A mention somewhere in the credits would be fine , but a linkback or ( soon - to - be- created ) " Powered by " image on your website would be absolutely awesome .
The codebase is currently maintained over at Google Code .
So download it , make it your own , and let me know when you have something online so I can showcase it .
Good luck !
It broke .
First stop would be the Google Group for just this purpose .
I 'll be around and , I hope , so will other successful PHudBase developers .
If noone , including me , will answer your call for help , shoot me an email directly at jfitzdela ( @ ) gmail.com and I 'll do my best to get back to you .
If there 's one thing that drives rock musicians to write music , more than any other subject , it 's drugs ( and lots of 'em ) .
Shortly behind that , is sex , life on the road , different kinds of drugs , their own balls and how California is , like , totally fake and stuff .
Before you get to the end of the list , though , you find good old fashioned revenge and mindfuckery , as was the case with some of these great ( and not so great ) rock albums .
6 Having Fun With Elvis On Stage by .
Elvis Presley
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Elvis was a live - rocking legend .
To this day , people pay good money to see Elvis impersonators .
A concert tour has been arranged this very year in which old videos of the King will be projected on to a live stage while musicians play behind him simulating a real performance .
If we 're willing to resurrect him as a hologram just to get a small taste of what it was like to see Elvis live on stage , it stands to reason that an Elvis live album would be pretty awesome , right ?
Did you really answer " yes " to that question ?
Would we even bring it up if the answer was " yes " ?
Look alive for fuck 's sake .
With Elvis , anything can happen .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In 1974 , Elvis was smack in the middle of his most prolific touring years , while simultaneously touring the middle years of the prescription pill addiction that ultimately led to his death .
It was during this time that his manager , Colonel Tom Parker , was looking for something to sell to the crowds at his sold - out shows beyond the usual trinkets ( fake sideburns , those big gold sunglasses , XXXXL sequined jumpsuits , the usual ) .
He finally settled on putting together a live Elvis album .
The problem with this plan was that Presley 's record company , RCA records , owned the rights to all of the songs in his catalog .
Releasing them would require paying royalties out the ass .
This is Colonel Tom Parker .
He does n't like to fuck around .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Fortunately for The Colonel 's ass , Elvis was a touring machine , and there was enough recorded material to fill out an album without having to pay royalties .
Unfortunately for everyone else 's ass , this required the printing and distributing and an album without any actual music on it .
Attorneys general from at least 11 states say they will challenge the constitutionality of the healthcare reform bill passed by the House of Representatives Sunday night .
The threatened action suggests the controversial measure is about to move from the legislative realm into what could become a protracted and messy fight in the courts .
The attorneys general say they will sue once President Obama signs the bill into law .
They are pledging to take their battle all the way to the US Supreme Court .
“ The health care legislation Congress passed tonight is an assault against the Constitution , ” said South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster .
“ A legal challenge by the states appears to be the only hope of protecting the American people from this unprecedented attack on our system of government , ” he said in a statement .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum issued a similar statement late Sunday .
“ If the president signs this bill into law , we will file a lawsuit to protect the rights and interests of American citizens , ” he said .
Which states are moving to block healthcare law ?
The comments came after a Sunday night conference call of attorneys general from 11 states , in which most expressed support for legal action to block the law .
In addition to Florida and South Carolina , the attorneys general backing legal action were from Alabama , Nebraska , Texas , Pennsylvania , Washington , Utah , North Dakota , and South Dakota .
[ Editor 's note :
The original paragraph has been changed to omit a state that will not participate in legal action . ]
In addition , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli announced that he will file a lawsuit on behalf of his state challenging what he called the “ unconstitutional overreach ” of the healthcare law .
“ Virginia is in a unique situation that allows it the standing to file such a suit since Virginia is the only state so far to pass a law protecting its citizens from a government - imposed mandate to buy health insurance , ” he said .
“ The health care reform bill , with its insurance mandate , creates a conflict of laws between the federal government and Virginia , ” Attorney General Cuccinelli said .
“ Normally , such conflicts are decided in favor of the federal government , but because we believe the federal law is unconstitutional , Virginia ’s law should prevail . ”
Attorneys general and other opponents of the bill had threatened legal challenges for months .
Most recently , they objected to the proposed “ deem and pass ” legislative maneuver that had been the suggested route to passage of the bill .
But congressional leaders jettisoned the maneuver on Saturday and relied instead on traditional up or down votes on Sunday .
That decision eliminated potential grounds for a lawsuit .
Has Congress overstepped its authority ?
At the center of the controversy is the bill 's inclusion of a federal mandate requiring all Americans to purchase health insurance or face penalties .
Opponents say this measure stretches Congress ’s constitutional power to “ regulate commerce … among the several states ” beyond any meaningful limits on federal authority .
They say Congress is authorized to regulate behavior to protect public safety or welfare , but federal lawmakers overstep the constitutional limits of their power when they begin ordering Americans to purchase certain products .
“ With this law , the federal government will force citizens to buy health insurance , claiming it has the authority to do so because of its power to regulate interstate commerce , ” Cuccinelli said .
“ We contend that if a person decides not to buy health insurance , that person – by definition – is not engaging in commerce , and therefore , is not subject to a federal mandate . ”
The Virginia attorney general added : “ Just being alive is not interstate commerce .
If it were , there would be no limit to the US Constitution ’s commerce clause and to Congress ’s authority to regulate everything we do . ”
In addition to challenging the individual mandate to buy health insurance , opponents had threatened to sue to block favorable concessions to the states of Nebraska and Louisiana that were designed to entice senators from those states to vote in favor of the healthcare bill .
[ Editor 's note :
The original headline of this story has been changed to correct the number of states ready to challenge the healthcare reform legislation . ]
Lou Lamoriello is widely considered to be one of the bad guys in the NHL .
To be fair , he 's only considered to be a bad guy by 29 of 30 NHL teams .
Fans from those 29 teams find him and his tactics deplorable , while at the same time they openly wish that they had competent people at the head of their own organizations .
Lamoriello manages in the margins of the CBA , the gray area in league rules and the ink stains of player contracts .
What he does is n't always ethical , but it 's highly effective .
Below the jump , we recap the beginning of Lamoriello 's tactical maneuvering as head of the Devils organization .
In 1987 , Lamoriello was hired as the President of the New Jersey Devils .
One of his first acts as President of the franchise was to name himself General Manager .
It was a bit of a surprise considering that Lamoriello came from Providence where he was the Athletic Director and hockey coach .
He had no management experience in the professional ranks , yet he was tasked with getting the Devils into the playoffs , something that the franchise had only managed to do once in thirteen years , in Colorado during the 1977 - 78 season when they went 19 - 40 - 21 .
He quickly served notice that the top guy from little Providence College was just fine swimming in the deep end .
At the time , the Devils were comprised of a couple of very talented kids and a whole bunch of veteran riff - raff .
Lamoriello realized that he lacked veterans that could hold down the fort while Kirk Muller , Pat Verbeek , John MacLean , Greg Adams and Ken Danyeko grew up a little bit .
He headed into his first waiver draft looking to fill that gap in the roster .
As was always the case with the NHL waiver draft , there were ever - changing rules .
In 1987 , a team could not draft from within their own division , and any team selecting a " veteran " , I believe defined by years of service to the league , had to add an additional player to their own waiver - eligible pool .
Knowing this ,
Lou went to work .
He first selected Reijo Ruotsalainen , the great Finn from Edmonton .
Ruotsalainen was a much - beloved and highly - effective Ranger , but Phil Esposito shipped him away the year prior .
Ruotsalainen went back to Europe , but was rumored to have interest in coming back to the NHL , though only for the Rangers .
Lamoriello made sure that was n't going to happen by drafting him and keeping him in Europe , away from the hated division rivals .
It was brilliant .
Lamoriello 's second - round pick was just bizarre .
He drafted yet another Finn , Risto Siltanen .
Siltanen was in the midst of leaving Quebec to go back to Finland - he had no interest in playing in the NHL .
There were raised eyebrows around the league when he pulled the trigger .
But Lamoriello 's plan was revealed in the third round when he selected Jack O'Callahan from Chicago .
O'Callahan was a steady and heady veteran defenseman , with four years of NCAA play , 55 games with the 1980 U.S. Olympic Team , almost 200 games in the AHL and 300 games in the NHL with Chicago , where he was a combined + 24 over five seasons .
O'Callahan was exactly what Lamoriello was looking for to play wet nurse to his baby Devils .
There was a slight problem though - drafting O'Callahan meant the Devils had to add another player to their waiver pool .
How did Lamoriello solve that problem ?
He exposed Siltanen , his second selection , the guy who was already home , safe and sound in Finland with no plans of coming back .
Over the course of a single waiver draft he added the veteran defenseman he needed , put the screws to the Rangers and thumbed his nose at the league .
It would n't be the last time he found a loophole in a league rule and decided to drive an 18 - wheeler on through .
Lamoriello 's shenanigans paid off .
The Devils made the playoffs and went to the conference finals .
O'Callahan played in 50 games that season , bringing stability to the back and covering just long enough for the rest of the team to grow up a little bit .
Chris Floyd Published : 08 April 2010 Hits : 25582
( UPDATED BELOW )
Let us hear no more excuses for Barack Obama .
Let us hear no more defenses , no more special pleading , no more extenuations .
Let us have no more reciting of the " pressures " he is under , of the " many obstacles " that balk him in his quest to do us good , of the " bad advisors " who are swaying him to unworthy acts against his will .
Let us be done at last with all these wretched lies , these complicitous self - deceptions that are facilitating atrocity and tyranny on a monstrous scale .
Barack Obama has ordered the murder of an American citizen , without trial , without due process , without the production of any evidence .
All it takes to kill any American citizen in this way is Barack Obama 's signature on a piece of paper , his arbitrary designation of the target as a " suspected terrorist . "
In precisely the same way -- precisely the same way -- Josef Stalin would place a mark by a name in a list of " suspected terrorists " or " counterrevolutionaries , " and the bearer of that name would die .
This is the system we have now , the same as the Soviets had then : a leader with the unchallengeable power to kill citizens without due process .
That this power has not been used on the same scale in the American system as in the Stalinist state -- yet -- does not alter the equivalence of this governing principle .
In both cases , the leader signs arbitrary death warrants ; the security services carry out the task ; and the ' great and good ' of society accept this draconian power as necessary and right .
This is what you support when you support Barack Obama .
It does not matter if you think his opponents in the factional infighting to control a bloodsoaked empire and its war machine are " worse " than he is in some measure .
When you support him , when you defend him , when you excuse him , it is arbitrary murder that you are supporting .
It is the absolute negation of every single principle of enlightenment and human rights professed by liberals , progressives -- indeed , by honorable people of every political stripe -- for centuries .
There is nothing particularly remarkable about Obama 's order to kill an American citizen without trial or evidence , of course .
George W. Bush claimed the same powers .
As I have noted here and elsewhere for many years , our American presidents now claim the right to kill any person on earth whom they arbitrarily designate as an enemy -- or even a suspected enemy -- of the United States .
Barack Obama embraced this power as soon as he took office , ordering a " surge " in the " targeted killings " on " suspected terrorists " in Pakistan .
Hundreds and hundreds of innocent human beings have been murdered in these drone attacks ; many thousands more have been driven from their homes , and terrorized into lives of mental anguish , their psyches lamed by trauma , upheaval and the ever - present dread of death raining down on them from the skies .
And of course , thousands of innocent people continue to die in the wars of dominion and profiteering that Obama has so eagerly embraced .
In Afghanistan , they die directly at the hands of American forces -- including secret assassins who raid villages by night , often slaughtering civilians , even those cooperating with the military occupation .
As Obama 's hand - picked commander in the region , Stanley McChrystal , has openly admitted : “ We have shot an amazing number of people [ at checkpoints and on the roads ] , but to my knowledge , none has ever proven to be a threat . "
And in Iraq -- the scene of the abominable , Nazi - like war crime of military aggression whose continuation by Bush 's " surge " was hailed by Obama as " an extraordinary achievement " -- innocent people continue to die in droves at the hands of the vicious and violent forces unleashed and empowered by the American invasion and occupation , while they wait to see which brutal " hard man " will seize power over their riven and ruined society .
No , the only remarkable thing about Obama 's direct order to murder his fellow American citizen , Anwar al - Alwaki , is its openness .
A few weeks ago , he sent his intelligence chieftain , Dennis Blair , to Congress to openly proclaim the president 's " right " to kill American citizens arbitrarily .
Bush had kept this claimed power obscured , letting it out in dribs and drabs of directed leaks , and hints and winks in public statements ; but Obama has taken us beyond that , to the open declaration and institutional entrenchment of the principle of death without due process for citizens .
This indeed is " change " -- with a vengeance .
( And to think that only a few years ago , capital punishment -- with its vast and cumbersome legal machinery -- was banished in America as too unjust and arbitrary in its application ; now a president need not trouble himself with the slightest bit of legal process if he wants to have someone killed .
I suppose this too is " progress " : more streamlined , more efficient , quicker , more modern -- like wireless broadband .
It 's simply there all the time at the president 's pleasure . )
Now , there can be no shuffling , no waffling on the matter .
Obama has made it crystal clear for even the most avidly self - duping progressive :
He will murder his fellow citizens without trial or evidence if he sees fit .
The state can murder whom it pleases .
This is the system we have .
This is what you support when you support Barack Obama .
You can not escape this logic , this judgment .
If you support Obama now , in this , then there is no crime he can commit that you will not support .
And thus you become one of those people that we all used to puzzle over , the accomodationists to brutal tyranny : " How did all those people go along with the Nazis ?
Why was n't there more opposition to Stalin ?
How could they countenance all those obvious abominations ?
What kind of people were they ? "
Now you know .
They were you .
You are them .
**
NOTE 1 : I should make it clear that I do not think that it is somehow more heinous for the American government to target and kill its own citizens , as opposed to killing foreigners by the thousands , which it has done , on a bipartisan basis , for many a year .
I am merely laying out the case in this way so that American " progressives " -- almost of all whom are deeply marinated in their own brand of American exceptionalism -- can see that even by the standards of this exceptionalism , which puts American lives and ' values ' above all else , Barack Obama is acting -- undeniably -- in a criminal , tyrannical manner .
NOTE 2 : While I was writing this piece , I got the welcome news that Arthur Silber was back , after a long hiatus due to his chronic ill health .
And , as usual , his insights cut straight to the heart of the matter .
As I noted here the other day , Silber was one of the very few writers who saw through the shining cloud that surrounded the Obama campaign to the corroded core within .
He also noted the greatest danger of an Obama presidency : that it would confirm , entrench , expand -- and normalize -- the worst aspects of the American imperium , precisely because the system 's crimes and atrocities would now be presented in a more pleasing package , with all " progressive " opposition to them completely disarmed by partisan adherence to their standard - bearer .
Ironically , one of Silber 's most incisive pieces on this subject was provoked by what many people -- and almost all " progressives " -- still consider Obama 's finest moment during the campaign : his speech calling for a " national dialogue on race " -- part of a particularly brutal effort to knife his long - time friend , mentor and pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , deeply and repeatedly in the back .
Go read the new piece now , and follow the links , which provide chilling chapter and verse to underscore the insights .
But here is brief excerpt , one of the conclusions that Silber draws today from that early speech :
If one truly and comprehensively understood Obama 's speech on race -- the unending , deadly lies on which it was based , and the terrible consequences to which those lies have led and the devastation they will continue to cause -- that speech told you everything you needed to know about Obama .
That is not hyperbole , not if you understood all of that : it told you everything .
..
And what has already occurred during the Obama presidency is very far from all or the worst of the destruction that can reasonably be expected to transpire over the coming years .
UPDATE : David Swanson at Counterpunch nails the situation well : " Murder is the new torture , " indeed .
As Swanson notes , now that torture -- always with us , but previously shrouded -- has been mainstreamed , acceptance of outright murder is the logical next step .
And as Swanson observes , it is actually a much more efficient tool of imperial policy :
Oh neato , the Daily Princetonian has interviewed a bunch of Princeton kids who are going into investment banking .
Marvel at the wide variety of lies they tell about their motivations !
The Honest One
" I think the main motivation of Princeton students who are interested in finance and consulting is the desire of a high - paying job , " Mark ' 12 said in an e-mail .
The Absurd One
" Money is an attractive factor , but it 's not the real reason people go into an investment bank , " said Rebecca Yu ' 11 ..
" I think - at least , I hope - that people do it because they 're genuinely interested in [ investment banking ] . "
The ' I'm Better Than the Others ' One
" I mean , sure , if some people do it [ for that reason ] [ money ] , fine - but that 's definitely not why I 'm doing it , " he explained .
The One Who Does Not Live on Planet Earth
" Who 's doing it just for the money ? " he said .
" To be perfectly frank , there are n't that many that I have known . "
The One Highlighting the Effect Rather Than the Cause
" Probably someone who does n't mind working hard , " Koby said of students who typically pursue these careers .
The One Who First Tells the Truth , Then Lies Immediately Afterwards
" [ Money ] is a very , very big reason " for entering investment banking and consulting , Pi said .
" But in interviews , [ students ] will try very hard to convey that they 're not in it for the money . "
When asked about his own motivations for entering the investment banking field , Pi was hesitant .
" It 's hard to word this correctly , " he said .
" I 'm truly interested in the area .
And I really enjoy the work that investment bankers do . "
[ Daily Princetonian via IvyGate . Pic via ]
Hospital gowns , bed bays , chairs and washrooms have been given a makeover to prevent patients being exposed and embarrassed .
The initiative , led by the Department of Health and the Design Council , aims to transform a stay in hospital , making it a more modest experience .
Our health reporter , Anna -Marie Lever , went along to the launch to take a look and caught up with one of the designers , top fashion guru Ben de Lisi .
What Is an Argument ?
Nor is an argument just the denial of what the other person says .
Even if what your opponent says is wrong and you know it to be wrong , to resolve your dispute you have to produce arguments .
And you have n't yet produced an argument against your opponent until you offer some reasons that show him to be wrong .
When you 're arguing , you will usually take certain theses for granted ( these are the premises of your argument ) and attempt to show that if one accepts those premises , then one ought also to accept the argument 's conclusion .
Here 's a sample argument .
The premises are in red .
No one can receive an NYU degree unless he or she has paid tuition to NYU .
Shoeless Joe Jackson received an NYU degree .
So , Shoeless Joe Jackson paid tuition to NYU .
Some common premise - flags are the words because , since , given that , and for .
These words usually come right before a premise .
Here are some examples :
Your car needs a major overhaul , for the carburetor is shot .
Given that euthanasia is a common medical practice , the state legislatures ought to legalize it and set up some kind of regulations to prevent abuse .
Because euthanasia is murder , it is always morally wrong .
We must engage in affirmative action , because America is still a racist society .
Since abortion is a hotly contested issue in this country , nobody should force his opinion about it on anyone else .
You need either a new transmission , or a new carburetor , or an entirely new car ; so you had better start saving your pennies .
Affirmative action violates the rights of white males to a fair shake ; hence it is unjust .
It is always wrong to kill a human being , and a fetus is undoubtedly a human being .
It follows that abortion is always wrong .
A woman 's right to control what happens to her body always takes precedence over the rights of a fetus .
Consequently , abortion is always morally permissible .
Euthanasia involves choosing to die rather than to struggle on .
Thus , euthanasia is a form of giving up , and it is therefore cowardly and despicable .
Whether an argument convinces us depends wholly on whether we believe its premises , and whether its conclusion seems to us to follow from those premises .
So when we 're evaluating an argument , there are two questions to ask :
Are its premises true and worthy of our belief ?
Does its conclusion really follow from the premises ?
If we do n't accept the premises of an argument , we do n't have to accept its conclusion , no matter how clearly the conclusion follows from the premises .
Also , if the argument 's conclusion does n't follow from its premises , then we do n't have to accept its conclusion in that case , either , even if the premises are obviously true .
So bad arguments come in two kinds .
Some are bad because their premises are false ; others are bad because their conclusions do not follow from their premises .
( Some arguments are bad in both ways . )
If we recognize that an argument is bad , then it loses its power to convince us .
That does n't mean that a bad argument gives us reason to reject its conclusion .
The bad argument 's conclusion might after all be true ; it 's just that the bad argument gives us no reason to believe that the conclusion is true .
Let 's consider our sample argument again :
No one can receive an NYU degree unless he or she has paid tuition to NYU .
Shoeless Joe Jackson received an NYU degree .
So , Shoeless Joe Jackson paid tuition to NYU .
So this argument does not , by itself , establish that Shoeless Joe Jackson paid tuition to NYU .
We have a winner of our Copper & Blue book giveaway contest .
The winner is Doug Adams of London , ON , who identified " Gerald " as the Newfoundlander who scored on Terry Sawchuk .
I 'll get his book personalized at the reading tonight and in the mail in the next few days .
Speaking of famous authors , Douglas Adams was one of my faves !
Congratulations Doug , and thanks to all who entered .
* * * PS : Looking at the package I just realized the publisher , Brick Books , mailed me the book all the way from London , ON , giving me the privilege of " forwarding " it to London , ON .
Such is life .
As promised during our recent review of Night Work : The Sawchuk Poems and our subsequent interview with the poet , Randall Maggs , we at the Copper & Blue continue our fight against illiteracy by sponsoring a book giveaway contest .
A lucky reader will receive a signed copy of Night Work , accompanied by related swag including a book mark , post card , and hockey card .
It 's a real cool package , courtesy our friends at Brick Books .
To enter the contest simply send me an email with your name ( and screen name , if different ) and an answer to this skill - testing question :
What is the name of " the man who scored on Terry Sawchuk " during his tour of Newfoundland with the Boston Bruins in 1956 ?
Sounds obscure , I know , but the answer ( first name only ) is contained in the above book short , a brilliant short film adapatation of a Sawchuk Poem .
Well worth your five minutes to watch , whether you enter the contest or not .
That poem , " String and Bones " , can be read after the jump ( including the name of the gent in question ) .
Randall Maggs also referred to this fellow in the interview the other day ; it 's clear from the number of eye - witness interviews cited in the first part of the poem and the one with the man himself in the second part , that the author went to considerable trouble - not to mention all the way to Lewisporte !
- to track down this story .
It 's a beauty .
Here is my email address Send Mail
If you have trouble with the link , please leave a note in the comments .
Entries close at 23:59 MDT Monday March 22 ; if I have my act together , I 'll get the winner 's book personalized by the author when I meet him at the reading at Audrey 's Books on Tuesday .
Good luck !
David Schlesinger , the editor in chief of Reuters , declined to run a story by one of his own reporters containing claims that the 2007 killings of two Reuters staffers in Baghdad by U.S. troops may have been war crimes .
Reuters staffers Namir Noor - Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh were killed by U.S. helicopter gunships in Baghdad in 2007 .
Video of the attack , which shows the journalists standing next to unidentified armed men on a Baghdad street and records the destruction of a van attempting to retrieve a wounded Chmagh , was published this week by Wikileaks .
The video has launched a debate about the legality of the attack , which also wounded two children ( you can read our take here ) .
Yesterday , Reuters ' deputy Brussels bureau chief Luke Baker filed a muscular story repeating allegations from several human rights and international law experts that the killings may have constituted war crimes .
But Reuters chief David Schlesinger , a tipster says , spiked the story because " it needed more comment from the Pentagon and U.S. lawyers . "
It never ran , but you can read it in full below .
Reuters ' response to the disclosure of the video has been relatively muted .
Schlesinger issued a statement on Tuesday calling the video " disturbing " but declining to assign blame or accuse the U.S. military of improper behavior :
In this particular case , [ I ] want to meet with the Pentagon to press the need to learn lessons from this tragedy .
These stories are not easy for us to report or to be involved in .
They test our commitment to viewing events and actions objectively .
What matters in the end is not how we as colleagues and friends feel ; what matters is the wider public debate that our stories and this video provoke .
Baker 's story went much farther , quoting three human rights experts describing the killings as war crimes .
While portions of those quotes ended up running in a different Reuters story on the video that appeared yesterday and which Baker is credited as having contributed to , some of the more direct accusations did not .
For instance , Baker quoted Clive Stafford - Smith , a human rights lawyer , saying , " I do n't think there 's any question that this is a violation of the Geneva Conventions . "
Stafford - Smith did n't appear in any of Reuters ' coverage of the incident .
Baker 's story also paraphrased Reuters lawyer Thomas Kim saying that " further investigation may be required " into the incident — a sentiment that Schlesinger did not express in his initial statement .
Kim 's remark does not appear in any of Reuters ' coverage of the killings .
The U.S. Central Command has said it has no plans to reopen an investigation .
Our tipster is baffled by Schlesinger 's apparent hesitance to take on the Pentagon over the killings : " Nothing about wanting to seek justice for the deaths of the Reuters ' employees or about seeking the truth .
Just a bland statement about wanting to work with the Pentagon .
Whose side is this guy on ?
Does he have any spine ? "
A Reuters spokesperson denied in absolute terms the accusation that Baker 's story was spiked .
" It 's 100 % not true that the story was spiked , " she said .
" Schlesinger sent it back for more reporting .
But it was overtaken by events , and parts of it eventually ran in an updated story . "
In a later statement , the spokeswoman added that the story was held up in " an effort to incorporate a wider range of experts . "
UPDATE : Reuters ' spokeswoman has asked us to publish the statement that she provided to us after our phone conversation in its entirety :
It is absolutely untrue that this story was spiked .
It was sent back for more reporting in an effort to incorporate a wider range of experts .
The story was then overtaken by a more updated one out of Washington that incorporated reporting from the original piece .
This is n't the first time Schlesinger has been accused of killing Reuters stories for fishy reasons .
In December , Talking Biz News reported that Schlesinger spiked a damaging story about hedge fund manager Steve Cohen after Cohen called to complain .
He later admitted that it was n't " a bad story " and that it " could have run . "
Here 's Baker 's spiked story :
Download the entire HD video @ MONSTERS OF COCK
Part of the BANG BROS network which is updated multiple times a day with high definition photos and videos .
One of the most repulsive moments of the present Middle East conflict occurred after one of Hezbollah 's rockets killed two Israeli - Arab children : Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah pointedly apologized only for these deaths , thus making it clear that there is nothing to regret in the deaths of Israeli civilians .
Does n't this make clear the ethical difference between Hezbollah and the Israeli Defence Forces ( IDF ) , which always regret civilian casualties among the Lebanese , perceiving them as a necessary evil ?
However , upon a closer look , this clear opposition gets blurred .
The IDF always emphasize how Hezbollah locates its headquarters and arms in the midst of densely populated areas , well aware that any attack on Hezbollah strongholds will thus lead to large numbers of innocent civilian casualties .
While certainly true to some extent , the problem is :
Why does Israel , fully aware of these tactics , still bomb the sites ?
The obvious answer is that it believes the deaths of innocents are worth the price of hurting Hezbollah .
Let 's try a mental experiment and imagine that , instead of Lebanese women and children , the human shields used by Hezbollah were Israeli women and children .
Would the IDF still consider the price affordable and continue the bombing ?
If the answer is " no , " then the IDF is effectively practicing racism , determining that Jewish life has more value than Arab life .
No wonder that , in order to defend the IDF 's tactics , Alan Dershowitz recently introduced in the Los Angeles Times a gradation between civilians , distinguishing between the " totally innocent " Israeli civilians threatened by the Hezbollah rockets and the not - so - innocent Lebanese civilians .
A couple of years ago on a private Slovene TV station , there was a mistranslation of Harrison Ford 's words in Clear and Present Danger : " I thought it would be a surgical strike ! " became , in Slovene subtitles , " I thought surgeons would be on strike ! "
But as the IDF proudly emphasize that their bombing of Lebanon involves only precise surgical strikes - well , obviously , their surgeons are on strike , as the world is bombarded with images of dead Lebanese women and children .
The result is catastrophic for Israel 's international image , raising the hatred of Israel to new levels .
The problem courted by Israel in its continuous display of power is that this display will be soon perceived as a sign of its opposite , of impotence .
This paradox of power is known to anyone who has had to play the role of paternal authority :
In order to retain its force , power has to remain virtual , a threat of power .
Many political theorists , from Blaise Pascal to Immanuel Kant to Joseph de Maistre , have elaborated on the ways in which nation - states have manufactured heroic national mythologies to replace and ultimately erase their " foundational crimes , " i.e. the illegitimate political violence necessary for their creation .
With regard to this notion , it is true what has often been said :
The misfortune of Israel is that it was established as a nation - state a century too late , in conditions when such " founding crimes " are no longer acceptable ( and - ultimate irony - it was the intellectual influence of Jews that contributed to the rise of this unacceptability ! ) .
Why are we more " sensitive " about this violence today ?
Precisely because , in our global universe that legitimizes itself with morality , sovereign states are no longer exempted from moral judgments , but treated as moral agents to be punished for their crimes , thus severely restraining their sovereignty .
( Of course , as the U.S. resistance to the Hague court exemplifies , the problems of who will exert this justice and how the judge himself will be judged remain . )
The Middle East conflict confronts us with the fragility of the border that separates " illegitimate " non-state power from the " legitimate " state power , since , in the case of Israel , its " illegitimate " origins are not yet obliterated , their effects are fully felt today .
When Western observers wonder why Palestinians insist in their stubborn attachment to their land , they demand of Palestinians precisely to ignore the Israeli " illegitimate " state - founding violence .
This is why , in a display of poetic justice , Israel is getting back from the Palestinians its own message in its inverted ( true ) form - and not only in regard to the " pathologically " strong attachment to land .
Imagine reading the following statement in today 's media :
Our enemies called us terrorists ...
People who were neither friends nor enemies ... also used this Latin name .
...
And yet , we were not terrorists .
...
The historical and linguistic origins of the political term ' terror ' prove that it cannot be applied to a revolutionary war of liberation .
...
Fighters for freedom must arm ; otherwise they would be crushed overnight .
...
What has a struggle for the dignity of man , against oppression and subjugation , to do with ' terrorism ? '
One would automatically attribute it to an Islamic terrorist group and condemn it .
The author , however , is none other than Menachem Begin , in the years when Hagannah was fighting the British forces in Palestine .
It is interesting to note how , in the years of the Jewish struggle against the British military in Palestine , the very term " terrorist " had a positive connotation .
Today , amid Dershowitz 's acrobatic rationalizations , it is almost heartening to look back at the first generation of Israeli leaders , who openly confessed that their claims to the land of Palestine cannot be grounded in universal justice , that we are dealing with a simple war of conquest between two groups where no mediation is possible .
Here is what David Ben-Gurion wrote : Everyone can see the weight of the problems in the relations between Arabs and Jews .
But no one sees that there is no solution to these problems .
There is no solution !
Here is an abyss , and nothing can link its two sides ...
We as a people want this land to be ours ; the Arabs as a people want this land to be theirs .
The problem with this statement today is clear : Exempting such ethnic conflicts for land from moral considerations is simply no longer acceptable .
This is why the way Simon Wiesenthal approached this problem in Justice , not Vengeance appears today deeply problematic :
One should finally take cognizance of the fact that one cannot found a state without curtailing the rights of those who were already settled at this territory .
One should be satisfied with the fact that the violations were limited in that a relatively small number of people was hurt .
This is how it was when the state of Israel was founded .
Eventually the Jewish population lived there for a long time , while the Palestinians were , in comparison with the Jewish one , sparsely settled and had great opportunities to withdraw .
That is to say , the continually victorious state of Israel cannot forever rely on the sympathies that the world accords to victims .
What Wiesenthal is advocating here is nothing else than " state - founding violence with a human face , " with " limited violations . "
( As to the comparative sparsity of settlers , the population of the Palestinian territory in 1880 was 24,000 Jews versus 300,000 Palestinians . )
However , the truly interesting part of this passage is the last sentence :
Its only consistent reading is that now that Israel is " continually victorious , " it no longer needs to behave like a victim , but can fully assert its force - true , insofar as one does n't forget to add that this power also involves new responsibilities .
That is to say , the problem is that Israel , while " continually victorious , " still relies on the image of Jews as victims to legitimize its power politics ( and to denounce its critics as closet anti-Semites ) .
Arthur Koestler , the great anti-Communist convert proposed a profound insight : " If power corrupts , the reverse is also true ; persecution corrupts the victims , though perhaps in subtler and more tragic ways . "
Cécile Winter recently proposed along these lines a nice mental experiment : Imagine the state of Israel , as it has developed over the last half century , without the history of Jewish suffering as a rationale for its policies .
It would be a standard story of colonization .
So why should we , as Alain Badiou proposes , abstract the Holocaust from our judgments about Israel 's actions toward Palestinians ?
Not because one can compare the two , but precisely because the Holocaust was an incomparably worse crime .
It is those who evoke the Holocaust who effectively manipulate it , making it an instrument for today 's political uses .
The very need to evoke the Holocaust in defense of Israel 's actions implies that its crimes are so horrible that only the absolute trump - card of the Holocaust can redeem them .
Recall the joke evoked by Freud in order to render the strange logic of dreams : ( 1 ) I never borrowed a kettle from you ; ( 2 ) I returned it to you unbroken ; ( 3 ) the kettle was already broken when I got it from you .
Such an enumeration of inconsistent arguments confirms what it hopes to deny - that I returned to you a broken kettle .
Does n't the same inconsistency characterize the way radical Islamists respond to the Holocaust ?
( 1 ) The Holocaust did not happen .
( 2 ) It did happen , but the Jews deserved it .
( 3 ) The Jews did not deserve it , but they themselves lost the right to complain by doing to Palestinians what the Nazis did to them .
These conflicting positions are reflected in the views of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who recently questioned the historical reality of the Holocaust while implying that guilt for complicity in the Nazi genocide had led European countries to support Israel : Some European countries insist on saying that Hitler killed millions of innocent Jews in furnaces , and they insist on it to the extent that if anyone proves something contrary to that , they condemn that person and throw them in jail .
...
Although we do n't accept this claim , if we suppose it is true , our question for the Europeans is :
Is the killing of innocent Jewish people by Hitler the reason for their support to the occupiers of Jerusalem ? ...
If the Europeans are honest they should give some of their provinces in Europe , like in Germany , Austria or other countries , to the Zionists , and the Zionists can establish their state in Europe .
You offer part of Europe , and we will support it .
This statement mixes the most disgusting insinuations with a correct insight .
The disgusting part is , of course , Holocaust denial or , even more disgusting , the claim that Jews deserved it ( " we do n't accept this claim " :
Which one ?
That Hitler killed million of Jews or that the Jews were innocent and did not deserve to be killed ? ) .
What is correct , though , is the reminder of European hypocrisy : Europe effectively paid for its own guilt with another people 's land .
So when Ariel Sharon 's spokesman Raanan Gissin said in response , " Just to remind Mr. Ahmadinejad , we 've been here long before his ancestors were here .
Therefore , we have a birthright to be here in the land of our forefathers and to live here , " he evoked a historical right , which , if applied universally , would lead to wholesale slaughter .
That is to say , can one imagine a world in which ethnic groups would constantly " remind " their neighbors that " we 've been here before you " ( even if this means more than a thousand years ago ) , and use this fact to justify seizing their neighbor 's land ?
The big mystery apropos of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict is :
Why does it persist for so long when everybody knows the only viable solution ? - the withdrawal of the Israelis from the West Bank and Gaza , the establishment of a Palestinian state , as well as some kind of a compromise concerning Jerusalem .
There is effectively something of a neurotic symptom in the Middle East conflict - everyone sees the way to get rid of the obstacle , and yet , nonetheless , no one wants to remove it , as if there is some kind of pathological libidinal profit gained by persisting in the deadlock .
This is why the Middle East crisis is such a sensitive point for the pragmatic politics that aims to gradually resolve problems in a realistic mode .
In this case , the true utopia is precisely that such a " realistic " approach will never work :
The only " realistic " solution is the " big " one , to solve the problem at its roots .
Here , then , the old motto from 1968 applies : Soyons réalistes , demandons l'impossible !
Only a radical gesture that has to appear " impossible " within the existing coordinates will realistically do the job .
So , perhaps , the solution " everybody knows " as the only viable one - the withdrawal of the Israelis , the establishment of a Palestinian state , etc. - nonetheless will not do , and one has to change the entire frame and propose a one - state - solution where everyone has equal rights .
In the last days of July , President Bush himself admitted the need for a more substantial approach , claiming that all the partial truces and agreements did n't work because they ignored the true cause of the troubles - which for him , of course , is the terrorist states and organizations trying to halt the progress of democracy , not the Palestinian problem .
Until now , the United States vehemently rejected the leftist mantra that " we should fight not only terrorism , but also its deeper causes , " dismissing it as the same " soft " attitude as the liberal reminder that one should fight not only crime but also its deeper social causes .
Now , all of a sudden , Bush adopted the language of the " war on causes , " rejecting an immediate ceasefire and advocating a solution that would bring a just and lasting peace - to which one should reply : OK , but should n't we go to the end here and address the true problem , the Israeli occupation ?
The underlying problem is that not only do Arabs refuse to accept the existence of Israel - Israelis themselves also do not accept the Palestinian presence on the West Bank .
Recall , again , Bertolt Brecht 's pun apropos of the East Berlin workers ' uprising in July 1953 : " The Party is not satisfied with its people , so it will replace them with a new people more supportive of its politics . "
Is not something homologous discernible today in the relationship between Israelis and Palestinians ?
The Israeli state is not satisfied with the people on the West Bank and in Gaza , so it considers the option of replacing them with another people .
That , precisely , some among the Jews , the exemplary victims , are now considering a radical " ethnic cleansing " ( the " transfer " - a perfect Orwellian misnomer - of the Palestinians from the West Bank ) is the ultimate paradox demanding closer consideration .
If ever there was a passionate attachment to the lost object , a refusal to come to terms with its loss , it is the Jewish attachment to their land and Jerusalem .
And are n't the present troubles the supreme proof of the catastrophic consequences of such a radical fidelity , when it is taken literally ?
In the last 2,000 years , when Jews were fundamentally a nation without land , living permanently in exile , their reference to Jerusalem was , at root , a prohibition against " painting an image of home , " against feeling at home anywhere on earth .
However , with the process of returning to Palestine , the metaphysical Other Place was directly identified with a determinate place on earth .
When Jews lost their land and elevated it into the mythical lost object , " Jerusalem " became much more than a piece of land :
It became a metaphor for the coming of the Messiah , for a metaphysical home , for the end of the wandering which characterizes human existence .
The phenomenon is well - known : After an object is lost , it turns into a stand - in for much more , for all that we miss in our terrestrial lives .
When a 1,000 - year - old dream is finally close to realization , such a realization HAS to turn into a nightmare .
So what would be the truly radical ethico - political act today in the Middle East ?
For both Israelis and Arabs , it would be to renounce the ( political ) control of Jerusalem - that is , to endorse the transformation of the Old Town of Jerusalem into an extra-state place of religious worship controlled ( temporarily ) by some neutral international force .
What both sides should accept is that , by renouncing the political control of Jerusalem , they are effectively renouncing nothing - they are gaining the elevation of Jerusalem into a genuinely sacred site .
What they would lose is only what already deserves to be lost : the reduction of religion to a stake in political power plays .
A concept for Symbian 's new UI
Symbian has completed the process of open sourcing its entire code base , in advance of its June deadline .
While the release is ahead of schedule , the first phones -- expected to be out early next year -- will hit the market more than two years after the first Android phone became available .
The Symbian software will have to be unique and attractive to compete with Android , its main open - source competitor , and other popular operating systems , an analyst said .
The process of making the Symbian operating system open source started with Nokia ’s announcement in June 2008 that it would buy out the rest of Symbian and release the code to the public .
The Symbian Foundation had expected to finish the process of transition from proprietary to open source in the middle of this year .
Larry Berkin , who runs global alliances for the Symbian Foundation , credits the hard work of enthusiastic contributors for the speedier release .
The code is expected to become available on the Symbian developer page on Thursday .
The proprietary version of Symbian is already widely used in many regions of the world but not the U.S. , where Android has just begun to gain significant momentum .
After just one phone ran Android for a year , in late 2009 and early this year dozens more phones were released using the software .
But while Android may have a head start as an open - source system , Symbian thinks that it will have an edge in the long run , Berkin said .
Its biggest differentiator may be that a community of phone makers and developers contribute to and update Symbian .
“ That ’s a huge difference for Symbian , ” he said .
By contrast , Google develops Android and then releases it to the public .
“ We ’ve seen partners express dissatisfaction with that , ” Berkin said .
Symbian is clearly trying to push that differentiation .
The main page of its
Web site says : “ We ’re a community , not a company , owned by members not any one entity . ”
Symbian could have some other advantages too .
Google may have put off some phone makers when it heavily backed the Nexus One .
“ That was cause for some consternation , ” Will Stofega , an IDC analyst , said .
“ There were rumors about partners not being happy about that . ”
Operators might also be more keen to embrace Symbian phones .
“ I would suspect that it might be a bit more palatable on the operator side , " Stofega said .
" There ’s always fear from the operators about over - the - top applications and data flooding their network and them not being properly compensated . ”
While Google may cause those concerns , Symbian is viewed as a longtime member of the telecom world .
But the software and resulting phones will have to be attractive to compete .
“ The real test is going to come not just on the code but the user interface , ” Stofega said .
“ If there ’s one complaint about Symbian , it ’s that the interface is not optimal .
In fact , it lags far behind what we ’ve seen on other operating systems . ”
The code that Symbian creates will be released under the Eclipse Public License , Berkin said .
But code that is contributed by companies may carry different licensing terms .
Under Eclipse , users of code are not required to share back contributions built on top of the code , although Symbian recommends that users do that , Berkin said .
It will now remain to be seen if an expanded base of handset makers commit to Symbian , which for many years has been perceived as largely a product of Nokia's .
Berkin hopes that some phone makers may be using Android to essentially bide their time until Symbian is out .
Motorola has seriously committed to Android but has been a Symbian user historically .
“ To the extent that they are financially able , I expect them to come back , ” Berkin said .
Motorola sounds not so committed , however .
“ We encourage the use of open source in the industry and have been a longtime proponent of open platforms , but we have not announced plans to deploy the Symbian platform you reference , ” said Motorola spokeswoman Becki Leonard when asked if the company plans to make phones based on the Symbian open - source OS .
The Marxism of Leon Trotsky
By Kunal Chattopadhyay
Kolkata : Progress Publishers , 2006 , 672 pages
Western Marxism and the Soviet Union
By Marcel van der Linden
Chicago : Haymarket Books , 2009 , 379 pages
Reviews by Paul Le Blanc
Karl Marx and his comrades deemed their own approach “ scientific ” , as compared to “ utopian ” intellectual efforts on behalf of socialism , because they believed that practical efforts to challenge and ultimately replace capitalism with something better must be grounded in a serious study of economic , political , social , historical realities and dynamics .
More , they believed that lessons learned from practical organising and political experiences of the working class and popular social movements — sometimes glorious victories and often tragic defeats — must also guide practical efforts of the future .
The combination of such study and experience has been called “ Marxist theory ” .
The massive crisis of capitalism has put the meaning of “ socialism ” back into public debate .
Superficially equating state intervention in the economy with “ socialism ” , some are inclined to agree with Newsweek magazine that “ we are all socialists now . ”
Despite far - right hysteria , however , US President Barack Obama is no socialist .
Like President Franklin D. Roosevelt during the last big decline in capitalism ’s fortunes , he is insistent that bailing out capitalism is the purpose of his administration ’s hands - on approach to the economy .
But those who perceive that — from the standpoint of human rights , the dignity of labour , the preservation of our health and communities and environment — “ capitalism fouls things up ” , will certainly feel that we must go beyond the limitations of Obama ’s policies .
One of the many differences between the present global capitalist downturn and that of the 1930s is that back then there were millions of people throughout the world who believed the 1917 Revolution that the Bolshevik / Communist vanguard led in Russia had actually opened the pathway to the socialist - communist future — despite the dictatorial emergency measures brought on by foreign invasion and civil war .
Rule by democratic councils ( soviets ) of the workers and peasants seemed to have been established and a global Communist movement took shape for the purpose of carrying out similar revolutions throughout the world .
After the revolution ’s universally acknowledged leader , Vladimir Ilyich Lenin , died in 1924 , a sharp struggle erupted over future perspectives , between the intransigent revolutionary Leon Trotsky and the seemingly more patient and easy - going Joseph Stalin .
Victory within the Russian Communist Party went to Stalin — who then guided the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR ) into what was called a “ revolution from above ” , involving the forced collectivisation of land and a fiercely rapid industrialisation .
By the 1930s , the Stalin regime claimed that it had finally achieved “ socialism ” , a claim accepted with hope and rejoicing by many workers , peasants , students , intellectuals and others throughout the world .
As time went on , increasing numbers of people came to the conclusion that what existed in the USSR had little to do with the socialism forecast by Marx — a “ free association of the producers ” in which the labouring masses had won the battle for democracy to create an abundant society of the free and the equal .
Instead , it was a society which continued to be marked by a considerable degree of inequality , drudgery , scarcity and extreme restrictions on freedom .
If this was not the socialism that the Stalinists said it was , then what was it ?
How could its emergence be explained ?
The answers to such questions have obvious implications for other questions :
Is a socialist alternative to capitalism actually possible ?
What are the preconditions , the barriers and the possibilities for such a transition ?
Such questions as these have a greater edge than ever in the present period of capitalist crisis .
Each in their own way , the books under review here have relevance for those facing this dilemma .
Trotsky ’s Marxism
The life and thought of Leon Trotsky have guided many seeking to understand the grandeur of the Russian Revolution and the tragedy of its betrayal .
Kunal Chattopadhyay ’s
The Marxism of Leon Trotsky is not the first book to deal with the topic indicated in the title .
The more serious biographies — by Isaac Deutscher and Pierre Broué ( the latter still calls out for English translation ) — naturally deal at length with Trotsky ’s revolutionary perspectives , as does Tony Cliff ’s more activist - oriented four - volume study .
Important discussions of Trotsky ’s political orientation have been offered by such activist scholars as Ernest Mandel , Michael Löwy , Duncan Hallas and John Molyneux — the first two inclined to embrace Trotsky without reservation , the latter two ( along with Cliff ) taking issue with him particularly for not agreeing with them that the USSR was “ state capitalist ” and also for founding the fragile revolutionary socialist network known as the Fourth International .
But until the present volume , the only study reaching for a thorough and in - depth exposition has been Baruch Knei - Paz ’s 1978 work The Social and Political Thought of Leon Trotsky .
When all is said and done , however , Knei-Paz is unsympathetic , even dismissive of Trotsky ’s revolutionary Marxism , despite his devoting 598 pages to it .
Chattopadhyay ’s book ( 30 pages longer ) provides a more sympathetic , insightful , reliable account .
A professor of history at Calcutta ’s prestigious Jadavpur University , Chattopadhyay brings to this study a sensibility developed through his own family ’s long - time involvement in the substantial Indian communist movement .
In his youth , he himself was swept up in Maoist currents before experience and reflection brought him into the Fourth International .
Such background may contribute to his ability to see and explain the coherence in the complexity and sweep of Trotsky ’s thought .
It is unfortunate that this splendid book is not easily available to US readers .
Its length and polemical edge raise questions as to whether a US publisher will be inclined to rectify the situation .
Yet the occasional reference to recent debates within the Fourth International , or between the Fourth International and other left - wing currents , cannot obscure the fact that we are presented here with a clear , rigorous , richly textured examination of an amazing political theorist and revolutionary leader .
Those seriously concerned with Trotsky , Marxism , revolutionary history and activism must take this massive contribution into account .
The book 's chapters are grouped into four parts .
“ The Foundations ” makes a distinction between classical Marxism ( associated with Marx and Engels , Luxemburg , Lenin and Trotsky ) and the more rigid , mechanistic , dogmatic “ Orthodox ” Marxism supposedly predominant in the mainstream of the socialist movement in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Part Two , “ The Strategy of Revolution ” , offers two chapters exploring the development of Trotsky ’s theory of permanent revolution in Russia and then his generalisation of it on a global scale .
Part three , “ The Revolutionary Process ” , consists of three chapters dealing with the interrelationship of the working class and the revolutionary party , the relation between democratic workers ’ councils and working - class political rule ( or “ dictatorship of the proletariat ” ) and the transition to socialism .
The three chapters of Part Four , “ Proletarian Internationalism ” , deal respectively with imperialism , the Communist International which Lenin and Trotsky helped to found and lead ( and which Stalin helped to corrupt and dissolve ) and the Fourth International .
Chattopadhyay helps us see in Trotsky ’s thought the dynamic interplay of democracy and class struggle , the self - activity of the masses of labouring and oppressed people reaching for their own liberation within , while at the same time straining beyond , the context of global capitalism .
The three elements of his theory of permanent revolution — ( a ) the possibility and necessity , under the right circumstances , of democratic and immediate struggles spilling over into the struggle for working - class political power , ( b ) culminating in a transitional period going in the direction of socialism , ( c ) which can be realised only through the advance of similar struggles around the world — permeate Trotsky ’s orientation from his youth to his death .
His vision of workers ’ democracy and his appreciation of the radical subculture created by the embattled working class , comes through in his failed effort to mobilise a Communist Party - Social Democrat united front against Hitler in the early 1930s :
In the course of many decades , the workers have built up within the bourgeois democracy by utilising it , by fighting against it , their own strongholds and bases of proletarian democracy : the trade unions , the political parties , the educational and sports clubs , the cooperatives , etc .
The proletariat cannot attain power within the formal limits of bourgeois democracy but can do so only by taking the road to revolution …
And these bulwarks of workers ’ democracy [ which Hitler ’s Nazis were preparing to destroy ] within the bourgeois state are absolutely essential for taking the revolutionary road .
( 359 )
The commitment to workers ’ democracy also comes through in Trotsky ’s effort to mobilise Communists in the Soviet Republic of the mid-1920s against the bureaucratic onslaught represented by Stalin :
We must not build socialism by the bureaucratic road , we must not create a socialist society by administrative orders ; only by way of the greatest initiative , individual activity , persistence and resilience of the opinion of the many - millioned masses , who sense and know that the matter is their own concern … socialist construction of possible only through the growth of genuine revolutionary democracy .
( 398 )
Chattopadhyay notes that in his 1936 classic analysis of the USSR , The Revolution Betrayed , Trotsky rejected any “ attempt to prettify the totalitarian regime ” .
Insisting “ that statisation was not identical to the socialisation of the means of production ” , he “ denied the claim that the USSR was in any sense a socialist society ” .
( 537 )
According to Chattopadhyay , “ Stalinism ( political counter - revolution within the workers ’ state ) and fascism ( political counter - revolution in the bourgeois state ) heralded a long black night .
It was necessary to raise a new , ‘ stainless banner , ’ around which the revolutionary workers of a new generation could unite . ” ( 515 )
At the same time , running through Trotsky ’s orientation is a thoroughgoing revolutionary internationalism which is rooted in a conception of “ world economy and the class struggle as a totality subject to uneven and combined development ” , as he put it and an understanding that “ today the entire globe — its dry land and water , its surface and interior — has become the arena of a worldwide economy ; the dependence of each part on the other has become indissoluble ” .
( 436 )
The relevance of his perspectives for modern - day global justice movement seems striking :
Imperialism represents the predatory capitalist expression of a progressive tendency in economic development — to construct a human economy on a world scale …
Only socialism … which liberates the world economy … and thereby liberates national culture itself … offers a way out from the contradictions which have revealed themselves to us as a terrible threat to all of human culture .
( 440 )
And in sharp contrast to the ethnocentrism of many European socialists , he commented in 1919 :
We have up to now devoted too little attention to capitalism in Asia .
However , the international situation is evidently shaping up in such a way that the [ revolutionary ] road to Paris and London lies via the towns of Afghanistan , the Punjab and Bengal . ( 447 )
Critical appreciation
While those inclined to take issue with key aspects of Trotsky ’s thought will be dissatisfied with the author ’s almost invariable defence , this is always accompanied by an informative and well - reasoned discussion that even the most severe critic would do well to consider .
Nor is Chattopadhyay himself completely uncritical of Trotsky ’s perspectives and his contributions on this score are very much worth more attention and debate than will be possible here .
One of the sharpest criticisms seems to focus on what he views as Trotsky becoming , in a sense , too “ Leninist ” .
While hardly rejecting Lenin ’s fundamental orientation , Chattopadhyay approves of the young Trotsky ’s conflict with what he portrays ( wrongly , I think ) as Lenin ’s hyper - centralist deviations in What Is To Be Done ? and One Step Forward , Two Steps Back .
He is also critical of Trotsky initially giving too much ground to Bolshevism when he joined Lenin ’s party in 1917 .
( For an impressive challenge to the gist of Trotsky ’s 1904 criticism of Lenin and thus of Chattopadhyay ’s characterisation , see Lars Lih ’s splendid Lenin Rediscovered [ Chicago : Haymarket Books , 2008 ] . )
Chattopadhyay ’s argument is intriguing .
In Trotsky ’s anti-Lenin polemic Our Political Tasks ( 1904 ) , “ Trotsky made a point to which we will find him returning all his life : ‘ The problems of the new [ revolutionary ] regime are so intricate that they can be solved only through the rivalry of the various methods of economic and political reconstruction , by long ‘ debates , ’ by systematic struggle — not only between the socialist and capitalist worlds , but also between the various tendencies within socialism , tendencies that must inevitably develop as soon as the dictatorship of proletariat creates tens and hundreds of new unresolved problems ” ( 220 ) .
This clear recognition of the necessity of political pluralism as an integral part of creating socialism is not present in Lenin ’s otherwise magnificent The State and Revolution ( 1917 ) .
The calamities of civil war , foreign intervention , economic blockade and social chaos following the 1917 revolution caused Lenin , Trotsky and the other Bolsheviks to establish a one - party dictatorship , curtail and ban various manifestations of political pluralism and adopt other authoritarian measures on an “ emergency ” basis .
Some of Chattopadhyay ’s sharpest criticisms of Trotsky centre on this period of 1919 - 1922 .
In fact , the temporary expedients were never rescinded , contributing to the replacement of power of workers ’ councils by the power of the state and party bureaucratic apparatus — and the crystallisation of Stalinism .
By 1923 - 24 , Trotsky recognised the danger and began his leadership of the ill - fated Left Opposition .
In his final years , now living in exile before being murdered by a Stalinist agent in 1940 , he had — Chattopadhyay shows us — explicitly reintegrated into his Bolshevik - Leninist orientation the pluralist insights of 1904 , calling for a political revolution that would overthrow the bureaucratic dictatorship and for a multiparty soviet democracy .
Trotsky viewed this as a political revolution , which he believed could and must rescue the social and economic gains of the 1917 revolution .
Making sense of Stalin ’s `socialism '
The political revolution never happened , however .
Trotsky himself spent more than 16 years seeking to make sense of Stalin ’s “ socialism ” , a matter Chattopadhyay deals with capably , but not in great depth . *
He never expected the bureaucratic dictatorship to last as long as it did .
In fact , several generations of Marxists laboured to make sense of what the USSR represented and how it might be squared with Marxist perspectives .
Marcel van der Linden , research director of Amsterdam ’s prestigious International Institute of Social History , points out that “ the ‘ Russian Question ’ was an absolutely central problem for Marxism in the twentieth century ” .
In Western Marxism and the Soviet Union , van der Linden offers a survey of Marxist - influenced theorisations and debates .
The discussion is not exhaustive but presents the thinking of more than 100 people from 1917 to the dawn of the 21st century , whose works are listed here in 44 pages .
The eyes and mind of even veteran Marxists may begin to blur after spending excessive stretches of time with this volume — but the author ’s account is quite clear , coherent , fair - minded and genuinely interesting .
The periodic crescendos of theory and debate ( seven in all , van der Linden tells us , from 1917 to the end of the 1990s ) have implications for the nature , but also the very possibility , of socialism .
The nature of capitalism is also at issue , as are the capacities of the working class to improve its own situation and the world and the adequacy of Marxism as a tool for understanding the world .
Marx ’s materialist conception of history had posited a European historical development leading from a generalised primitive tribal communism , eventually giving way to the rise and fall of a succession of slave - based civilisations , then an extensive feudalism slowly evolving through the crystallisation and expansion within it of a market economy , explosively giving way to a full - blown and dynamic capitalism , which would generate the possibility of immense productivity and abundance that would pave the way ( after a working - class revolution ) for a socialist future .
“ It is necessary to reconsider the whole traditional structure of historical materialism ” , according to dissident - Marxists György Bence and Janos Kis ( under the pseudonym Marc Rakovskii ) in Les Temps Modernes as they sought to comprehend Soviet - style societies .
( 247 )
Indeed , how could such a society fit within the traditional Marxist schema ?
In 1980 , Romanian dissident Pavel Campeanu suggested a variety of contradictory elements that added up to “ some kind of pre-capitalist socio- economic formation ” .
( 284 ) Back in 1944 Czechoslovakian ex-Communist Josef Guttman , writing under the name Peter Meyer in the US radical journal Politics , suggested what many others had concluded before him : “ Perhaps there is neither capitalism nor socialism in Russia , but a third thing , something that is quite new in history . ” ( 127 )
As late as 1980 , British economist Simon Mohun argued a point made by some other analysts , summarised by van der Linden in this way : “ Just as the transition to capitalism could be understood only after capitalism was consolidated , the transition from capitalism to communism could only be fathomed once communism had become established . ” ( 197-198 )
But others refused to assume that the USSR represented any such transition to socialism or communism .
In 1970s samizdat essays , Alexander Zimin , an old Bolshevik oppositionist who had somehow survived years in Stalin ’s labour camps , suggested that the USSR represented “ a mongrel and freakish social formation ” , a stagnant evolutionary byway , a dead - end detour going away from both capitalism and socialism .
( 222 ) In the 1940s , German left - wing economist Fritz Sternberg had argued that the USSR was a hybrid form with progressive and reactionary tendencies ( he increasingly saw the latter as predominant ) and that one should resist labeling : “ It is useless to attempt to cover with a name ; it is misleading to mistake one side of the Russian development for the other . ” ( 131 )
This has not stopped many from seeking and applying one or another label .
Van der Linden notes : “ Numerous attempts were made to understand Soviet society , some with solid empirical foundations , but most lacking them ; some consistent and carefully thought - out , others illogical and superficial . ” ( 305 )
The three “ classical ” theories predominating in critical - minded circles ( each with some connection to the Trotskyist tradition ) have been : ( 1 ) degenerated workers ’ state , ( 2 ) bureaucratic collectivism , ( 3 ) state capitalism .
Van der Linden argues that none of these matches up with what he calls “ orthodox Marxism ” — but we will see that some theorists have insisted that major aspects of Marxism itself have been thrown into question by the evolving realities .
Challenge to Marxist theory
Among the early critics , some insisted that the existence of the authoritarianism and bureaucratic aspects of reality in the early Soviet Republic and then the substantial concessions to market forces during the period of New Economic Policy , 1921 - 29 ( NEP ) , were far from the socialist goal .
This meant , from the standpoint of the stages ( primitive communal / slave civilisation / feudalism / capitalism / socialism / communism ) that have been associated with the Marxist schema , that what existed in Soviet Russia had to be some variety of capitalism , which the critics were inclined to dub “ state capitalism ” .
The Bolshevik leaders — Lenin and Trotsky most of all — never asserted that socialism had been established .
Only Stalin and his followers would claim this , beginning in the 1930s .
Lenin argued in 1921 that the 1917 working - class revolution had established a workers ’ state ( political rule by the workers ’ councils , or soviets ) , but that under pressures of scarcity and war it was “ a workers ’ state with bureaucratic deformations ” .
The transition to socialism could only be completed on the basis of further economic development , the deepening of workers ’ experience and power and the triumph of the revolution in other parts of the world .
Bolsheviks could also point to Marx ’s comments that the future communist ( or socialist ) society must be seen “ not as it has developed on its own foundations , but , on the contrary , just as it emerges from capitalist society , which is thus in every respect , economically , morally and intellectually , still stamped with the birth - marks of the old society from whose womb it emerges ” .
( 264 )
Some socialists who had opposed the Bolshevik regime , such as the Menshevik Olga Domanevskaya , insisted that central dynamics of capitalism , such as economic competition and the insatiable quest for profit , were absent from the economy of Soviet Russia .
Similarly , the famous Austrian Social - Democratic economist Rudolf Hilferding argued that “ wages and prices still exist , but their function is no longer the same ” and that “ while maintaining the form , a complete transformation of the function has occurred ” in this emerging totalitarian order . ( 92 )
This partly dovetails with the analysis of another Austrian Social - Democrat , Friedrich Adler , that ( according to van der Linden ’s summary ) , “ Stalin ’s ‘ experiment ’ should be judged as an attempt to realize , through the sacrifice of a whole generation of workers , the primitive accumulation process which in developed capitalism had occurred earlier and in this way lay the foundation for a socialist Soviet Union ” .
( 53 ) Hilferding , on the other hand , stressed that the bureaucratic - authoritarian state in Soviet Russia had fractured the classical Marxist dictum that the economic system determines the class nature of the state .
Under Stalin it had converted itself into “ an independent power ” ruling over the Soviet people . ( 90 )
Other challenges to traditional Marxist perspectives would crop up .
For example , Simone Weil developed a 1933 analysis which argued that under modern capitalist production the growing division of labour and specialisation increasingly resulted in the mass of individuals losing their ability to “ see society in its totality ” , which meant that they were “ imprisoned in a social constellation ” which prevented them from grasping the logic and history of social - economic reality .
On the other hand , growing managerial and bureaucratic apparatuses were becoming essential for coordinating the “ numerous fragmented activities . ”
If a revolution removed the capitalists , more likely than working - class rule would be the rising administrative forces becoming a new bureaucratic caste ruling over the economy , as in Stalin ’s Russia . ( 74 - 75 )
In fact , the division between intellectual and manual labour had been emphasised by many theorists and had identified as a source of bureaucratisation within the workers ’ movement before World War I and — by logical extension — in the first effort to create a workers ’ state .
This logic dovetailed with the perception of what actually manifested itself in the USSR , lucidly described in 1970 by US Marxist economist and Monthly Review editor Paul Sweezy :
The Party established a dictatorship which accomplished epic feats of industrialisation and preparation for the inevitable onslaught of the imperialist powers [ which took place during World War II ] , but the price was the proliferation of political and economic bureaucracies which repressed rather than represented the new Soviet working class ; and gradually entrenched themselves in power as a new ruling class .
( 209 )
Some would come to perceive this inability to sustain workers ’ power as involving a fatal shortcoming in the working class itself .
As another left - wing economist , the Greek / French political theorist Cornelius Castoriadis put it in the late 1940s :
Having overthrown the bourgeois government , having expropriated the capitalists ( often against the wishes of the Bolsheviks ) , having occupied the factories , the workers thought that all that was necessary was to hand over management to the government , to the Bolshevik party and to the trade union leaders .
By doing so , the proletariat was abdicating its own essential role in the society it was striving to create .
( 118 )
Such perceptions contributed to some theorists — such as the 1970s East German Communist dissident Rudolf Bahro — concluding that since “ the immediate needs of the subaltern strata and classes are always conservative and never positively anticipate a new form of life ” , the hope in bureaucratised “ workers ’ states ” was with the more intellectual middle strata of specialists and administrators pushing aside the privileged bureaucratic elites in order to guide society to genuine socialism .
( 235 -235 )
For others , such as James Burnham — the most prominent Trotskyist intellectual in the United States before his rapid swing rightward to the Central Intelligence Agency and the editorial board of conservative journal National Review — a different conclusion became obvious : socialism is impossible .
Dismantling his previous Marxist convictions in the 1941 classic The Managerial Revolution , Burnham asserted that the inevitable wave of the future , already well under way and destined to be completed within half a century , was a global transition to variations of “ managerial society ” ( already evident in the USSR , Nazi Germany and the extensive social - liberalism of the New Deal in the United States ) .
These different entities would enter into “ direct competition in the days to come ” for global empire . ( 83 )
Varieties of socialist affirmation
While van der Linden feels “ it is perfectly clear that the Soviet society can hardly be explained in orthodox Marxist terms at all ” , his own sympathies bend toward those who refuse to abandon the Marxist method and the socialist goal .
He gives greatest attention to those operating within the general revolutionary socialist framework personified by Leon Trotsky .
Trotsky himself followed the logic of Lenin ( workers ’ state with bureaucratic deformations ) by terming the USSR as a degenerated workers ’ state requiring a political revolution by the working class to replace the tyranny of the Stalinist bureaucracy with genuine workers ’ rule .
“ Democracy ” , he insisted , “ is the one and only conceivable mechanism for preparing the socialist system of economy and realising it in life ” .
He forecast in 1938 :
That which was “ bureaucratic deformation ” is at the present moment preparing to devour the workers ’ state , without leaving any remains .
. . .
If the proletariat drives out the Soviet bureaucracy in time , then it will still find the nationalised means of production and the basic elements of the planned economy after its victory .
( 66 - 67 )
Some of Trotsky ’s US followers , led by Max Shachtman ( and fleetingly Burnham ) , agreeing with Trotsky ’s revolutionary - democratic thrust , concluded that by 1939 the bloated bureaucracy had indeed left “ no remains ” of the workers ’ state .
They held that a qualitatively new form of class society had crystallised — what they termed bureaucratic - collectivism .
Its effective overthrow would require a much deeper break with the USSR than Trotsky was prepared to accept .
Van der Linden notes that for Trotsky “ planned economy and bureaucratic dictatorship were fundamentally incompatible ” and that — as his French comrade Pierre Frank put it —
“ Stalinism was an accident , not a durable creation of history ” . ( 67 )
He envisioned either the working class once again taking control of its own workers ’ state , clearing away the bureaucratic deformations and ( within the context of working - class revolutions spreading to other lands ) moving forward to socialism , or to continued bureaucratic decay ultimately resulting in a collapse that would pave the way for capitalist restoration — which is , of course , what took place 50 years after his death .
The weak point in Trotsky ’s conceptualisation was pinpointed by his one - time follower in Britain , Tony Cliff : “ If the emancipation of the working class is the act of the working class , then you cannot have a workers ’ state without the workers having power to dictate what happens in society . ” ( 119 )
This was exactly the point made by Shachtman and other proponents of the bureaucratic - collectivist analysis — although the barely half - century survival of this purportedly “ new stage of class society ” does suggest the possibility that it was an optical illusion .
` State capitalism '
What Cliff and his co-thinkers came up with seems to avoid that problem .
They asserted that the USSR under Stalin had evolved into a new variety of capitalism : state capitalism .
The Cliff current has been one of the most influential proponents of the “ state capitalism ” analysis ( though van der Linden also treats other proponents — the council communists , as well as C.L.R. James and Raya Dunayevskaya ) .
The “ state capitalist ” theorists have defended this conception from the types of criticisms noted earlier — for example , the absence of the dynamics of economic competition and of profit maximisation as driving the capital accumulation process that defines capitalism — by claiming ( as van der Linden summarises Cliff ’s thesis ) “ that the USSR should be defined as one big capital [ or capitalist firm ] , which operated within the world market and in so doing competed with the West , above all through the arms race ” .
( 160 )
One might question the analytical value of expanding the meaning of “ capitalism ” in this way .
But , as was also the case with the bureaucratic - collectivism concept , it served the function of drawing the sharpest line of demarcation between revolutionary socialism and the bogus “ socialism ” of Stalin and his successors .
It also helped prevent , among its adherents , the demoralisation and disorientation brought on by the collapse of communism that afflicted so much of the left in the 1990s .
On the other hand , van der Linden points out that Cliff and his supporters “ had originally assumed that state capitalism represented a higher stage of development than Western capitalism ” ( 258 ) and — ill prepared for the crisis and impending collapse that became evident in the 1980s — were compelled to make dramatic if unacknowledged analytical shifts in their later theorisations .
For that matter , even more “ mainstream ” Trotskyists — including such capable and brilliant figures as Ernest Mandel — were inclined to credit the USSR ’s “ nationalised , planned economy ” with much greater efficiency than later proved justified .
It was maverick theorist Hillel Ticktin who in the 1970s broke important new ground by noting that bureaucratic “ planning ” — by denying democracy — was increasingly inefficient and wasteful , a point that Trotsky himself had made more than once .
This allegedly planned economy was “ really no more than a bargaining process at best and a police process at worst ” .
Ticktin added that “ the more intensive and more complex is the economy , the longer the chain of command and the less intelligible is industry to the administrators and so the greater the distortions and their proportionate importance ” .
( 242 , 243 )
Ticktin ’s view was that this represented neither a variety of capitalism nor a phase transitional to socialism nor a durable new form of society .
Its insights , in fact , influenced competing views , as van der Linden observes :
Increasingly dominant in all currents of thought became the idea that the Soviet Union embodied a model of economic growth which , although it had initially been successful using extensive methods of industrialisation and extra economic coercion , could not maintain its economic and military position in the competition with globalising world capitalism , because of growing inefficiencies and the absence of a transition to intensive growth .
( 303 )
Open questions
In his conclusions to this rich volume , van der Linden emphasises that while he does “ not mean to imply that the old theories are of no use whatever in further theoretical developments ” , his conviction is that a fully adequate analysis of the USSR has yet to be developed .
( 318 )
It may be that if we are able to build mass movements and struggles — in various parts of the world , as the 21st century unfolds — that add to our experience of bringing about transitions from capitalism to socialism , a more fully adequate analysis will come more within our grasp .
Marxist theory and history have often been dismissed with shrugs and giggles and eye - rolling , even on the left , with a few superficial comments being deemed sufficient to sweep away such “ ideological cobwebs ” .
For those embracing that approach , the two volumes reviewed will seem explorations in irrelevancy .
For serious activists , however , these books offer not only historical knowledge but insights on our struggle for a survivable future .
[ This article first appeared in the November - December 2009 edition of the magazine published by the US socialist organisation Against the CurrentSolidarity .
Paul Le Blanc is a member of the US International Socialist Organization .
This article has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Here 's a nice surprise from Google 's Maps team : Just like Gmail , Google Maps now also has the Labs feature ( it 's the little green vial in the top right menu ) , which introduces experimental new features for you to try out .
Right now , you can try out nine new features ( all disabled by default ) :
Drag ' n '
Zoom - lets you zoom in on a specific part of the map by drawing a box .
Aerial Imagery - gives you rotatable , high - resolution overhead imagery , but it 's only available in certain areas .
Google plans to add more over time , though .
Back to Beta - OK , this one is a little weird .
It lets you have a beta tag on Maps ( just like Gmail ) .
Only for hardcore Google users .
Where in the World Game - test your geography knowledge by guessing the names of countries from satellite imagery .
I lost days playing a similar game on Facebook , and I forgot everything I 've learned .
Sigh .
Rotatable Maps - north facing up is just one way to look at a map .
Now you can rotate it any way you like .
What 's Around Here ?
- adds a second search button that searches for " * " , returning the top results in the current view .
I 've actually been waiting for this for a long time ; it makes searching for certain POIs within some area a lot easier .
LatLng Tooltip - see the exact latitude and longitude next to your cursor .
LatLng Marker - drop a marker anywhere on the map , showing the latitude and longitude of that location .
Smart Zoom - stops you from zooming into an area if imagery is not available .
By Catrin Nye
BBC Asian Network
The three men who planned airline bomb attacks used internet cafes Police battling the threat of terrorism have unveiled a new tactic - they are targeting internet cafes .
As evidence suggests that several people convicted with terrorism acts have visited internet cafes while plotting their crimes , the Metropolitan Police are trialling a new initiative in which owners agree to monitor what customers are looking at , and report any suspect activity to police .
The visit by two policeman and a community support officer is unannounced - but this is not a raid .
Instead they are here at an internet cafe in Camden in London as part of a new programme in the government 's £ 140 m Prevent strategy to help counterterrorism .
The new initiative involves getting internet cafe owners to monitor the websites their customers view and to pass on any worries over suspicious activity to the police .
Steven Staples owns one of the internet cafes in Camden that the Prevent officers visit and he is given posters to put up warning the public of material which is deemed unacceptable to view .
He is also given the choice of which coloured background he would like for a Metropolitan Police screensaver to upload on to his machines to spell out the same message .
E-mails
The scheme is on trial in Camden .
If it is successful , the Met Police hopes other police forces , as well as universities , will adopt it to help target a tool of research and communication which used previously by terrorists .
In August 2006 , police made a number of arrests as part of Operation Overt and , three years later , three men were found guilty of planning to use liquid bombs to blow up a possible seven planes .
I would tell whoever I needed to if I was concerned with what people were doing [ in my internet cafe ]
Internet cafe owner Steven Staples Abdulla Ahmed Ali was jailed for 40 years , while Assad Sarwar was sentenced to 36 years and Tanvir Hussain to 32 years for masterminding the plot .
The key suspects in the case had been found to have used internet cafes for research and to send e-mails to other conspirators .
In Operation Rhyme , a plot to explode car bombs at financial targets in New York and London was foiled and seven men were jailed in June 2007 .
Two of the conspirators , Junade Feroze and Abdul Aziz Jalil , were followed by officers as they drove four hours from London to an internet cafe in Swansea where they sent one e-mail before returning .
The Prevent strategy , also known as Preventing Violent Extremism ( PVE ) , aims to stop people becoming or supporting terrorists .
Police say that the internet cafe programme is not about arresting people , but more to determine if their users need what they term as " support " .
Mr Staples and other internet cafe owners BBC Asian Network have spoken to say they have not yet had any cause to worry about the content their customers view .
Patterns forming But Mr Staples agrees with the measures the police are implementing : " I would tell whoever I needed to if I was concerned with what people were doing [ in my internet cafe ] .
" It is good to have some framework to point to [ in terms of the poster and screensaver ] and tell people that what they 're doing is not on . "
The police want internet cafe owners to check the hard drives of their computers to help spot any suspicious activity .
Pc Jason Beynsberger is a Prevent engagement officer for Camden and he tells Mr Staples to contact him if he notices anyone accessing extremist material .
" Obviously every situation is different , " said Pc Beynsberger .
" We need to establish if there is something we need to investigate further , for example , if there 's a pattern forming .
" If the owner sees people looking at violent extremism they need to know who they can turn to . "
It [ Prevent ] is likely to result in not only a general violation of privacy and freedom of expression but also discrimination against Muslims
Arun Kundnani , author Using internet cafes may help those guilty of suspicious behaviour avoid being detected by police , but there are concerns that PVE amounts to police playing Big Brother .
Arun Kundnani is the author of Spooked : How Not to Prevent Violent Extremism , which is published by the Institute of Race Relations .
" To ask internet cafes to spy on their customers and students is another step in the direction of creating a society of total surveillance , " said Mr Kundnani .
" What is dangerous about this initiative is that it does not just focus on preventing access to illegal material but also material that is defined as ' extremist ' without offering an objective definition of what that is .
" It thus potentially criminalises people for accessing material that is legal but which expresses religious and political opinions that police officers find unacceptable .
" It is likely to result in not only a general violation of privacy and freedom of expression but also discrimination against Muslims , whose use of the internet will be seen as inherently more suspicious . "
You can hear more on this story on the BBC's Asian Network Reports radio show or via the BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Among 12 - to 24 - month old children who view educational baby videos , there does not appear to be evidence that overall general language learning improves or that words featured in the programming are learned , according to a report posted online that will appear in the May print issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
Children age 2 and younger spend an estimated two hours per day exposed to media on a screen , and the average age at which infants begin watching programming designed for their age group is five months , according to background information in the article .
Manufacturers ' claims that these infant - directed media can teach children specific vocabulary words have not been substantiated .
Rebekah A. Richert , Ph.D. , and colleagues at the University of California , Riverside , studied vocabulary acquisition among 96 children age 12 to 24 months .
Participants were tested on measures of vocabulary and general development , and their primary caregivers ( 77 mothers , seven fathers and four others ) answered a series of questions about their children 's development and previous exposure to educational media .
Half of the children were then given an educational DVD to watch in their homes .
When additional tests were conducted after six weeks , there was no evidence children learned the words specifically highlighted in the DVDs , and watching the DVDs was unrelated to measures of general language learning .
However , children whose parents reported that they began watching infant DVDs at an early age scored lower on a test of vocabulary knowledge .
The association between early DVD viewing and delays in language development could have several explanations , the authors note : " Parents who are concerned about their children 's poor language abilities may use baby DVDs to try to teach their children , parents who use baby DVDs early may be less likely to engage in behaviors that promote language development or early viewing of baby DVDs may actually impair language development , " they write .
" We conclude by encouraging researchers , parents , practitioners and programmers to consider the variety of cognitive factors related to whether very young viewers should be expected to learn from a DVD , regardless of DVD intent .
Many cognitive factors play a role in learning from screens at this age , including children 's developing perceptual systems , their understanding of symbols and analogy and their developing abilities to discriminate how much they should trust different sources of information , " the authors continue .
" Given that infant - directed media have become nearly ubiquitous aspects of many infants ' lives , future research should continue to examine whether and how parents can use these DVDs effectively to teach their young children . "
This research was funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation .
eso1010 — Science Release
Jupiter ’s Spot Seen Glowing
Scientists Get First Look at Weather Inside the Solar System ’s Biggest Storm
New ground - breaking thermal images obtained with ESO ’s Very Large Telescope and other powerful ground - based telescopes show swirls of warmer air and cooler regions never seen before within Jupiter ’s Great Red Spot , enabling scientists to make the first detailed interior weather map of the giant storm system linking its temperature , winds , pressure and composition with its colour .
“ This is our first detailed look inside the biggest storm of the Solar System , ” says Glenn Orton , who led the team of astronomers that made the study .
“ We once thought the Great Red Spot was a plain old oval without much structure , but these new results show that it is , in fact , extremely complicated . ”
The observations reveal that the reddest colour of the Great Red Spot corresponds to a warm core within the otherwise cold storm system , and images show dark lanes at the edge of the storm where gases are descending into the deeper regions of the planet .
The observations , detailed in a paper appearing in the journal Icarus , give scientists a sense of the circulation patterns within the solar system ’s best - known storm system .
Sky gazers have been observing the Great Red Spot in one form or another for hundreds of years , with continuous observations of its current shape dating back to the 19th century .
The spot , which is a cold region averaging about - 160 degrees Celsius , is so wide that about three Earths could fit inside its boundaries .
The thermal images were mostly obtained with the VISIR [ 1 ] instrument attached to ESO ’s Very Large Telescope in Chile , with additional data coming from the Gemini South telescope in Chile and the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan ’s Subaru Telescope in Hawaii .
The images have provided an unprecedented level of resolution and extended the coverage provided by NASA ’s Galileo spacecraft in the late 1990s .
Together with observations of the deep cloud structure by the 3 - metre NASA Infrared Telescope Facility in Hawaii , the level of thermal detail observed from these giant observatories is for the first time comparable to visible - light images from the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope .
VISIR allows the astronomers to map the temperature , aerosols and ammonia within and surrounding the storm .
Each of these parameters tells us how the weather and circulation patterns change within the storm , both spatially ( in 3D ) and with time .
The years of VISIR observations , coupled with those from the other observatories , reveals how the storm is incredibly stable despite turbulence , upheavals and close encounters with other anticyclones that affect the edge of the storm system .
“ One of the most intriguing findings shows the most intense orange - red central part of the spot is about 3 to 4 degrees warmer than the environment around it , ” says lead author Leigh Fletcher .
This temperature difference might not seem like a lot , but it is enough to allow the storm circulation , usually counter - clockwise , to shift to a weak clockwise circulation in the very middle of the storm .
Not only that , but on other parts of Jupiter , the temperature change is enough to alter wind velocities and affect cloud patterns in the belts and zones .
“ This is the first time we can say that there ’s an intimate link between environmental conditions — temperature , winds , pressure and composition — and the actual colour of the Great Red Spot , ” says Fletcher .
“ Although we can speculate , we still do n’t know for sure which chemicals or processes are causing that deep red colour , but we do know now that it is related to changes in the environmental conditions right in the heart of the storm . ”
Notes
[ 1 ] VISIR stands for VLT Imager and Spectrometer for mid Infrared ( eso0417 ) .
It is a complex multi-mode instrument designed to operate in the 10 and 20 micron atmospheric windows , i.e. at wavelengths up to about 40 times longer than visible light , and to provide images as well as spectra .
More information
This research was presented in a paper to appear in Icarus ( “ Thermal Structure and Composition of Jupiter ’s Great Red Spot from High - Resolution Thermal Imaging ” , by L. Fletcher et al . ) .
The team is composed of Leigh N. Fletcher and P. G. J. Irwin ( University of Oxford , UK ) , G. S. Orton , P. Yanamandra - Fisher , and B. M. Fisher ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory , California Institute of Technology , USA ) , O. Mousis ( Observatoire de Besançon , France , and University of Arizona , Tucson , USA ) , P. D. Parrish ( University of Edinburgh , UK ) , L. Vanzi ( Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile , Santiago , Chile ) , T. Fujiyoshi and T. Fuse ( Subaru Telescope , National Astronomical Observatory of Japan , Hawaii , USA ) , A.A. Simon - Miller ( NASA / Goddard Spaceflight Center , Greenbelt , Maryland , USA ) , E. Edkins ( University of California , Santa Barbara , USA ) , T.L. Hayward ( Gemini Observatory , La Serena , Chile ) , and J. De Buizer ( SOFIA - USRA , NASA Ames Research Center , Moffet Field , CA 94035 , USA ) .
Leigh Fletcher was working at JPL during the study .
ESO , the European Southern Observatory , is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world ’s most productive astronomical observatory .
It is supported by 14 countries : Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design , construction and operation of powerful ground - based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries .
ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research .
ESO operates three unique world - class observing sites in Chile : La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor .
At Paranal , ESO operates the Very Large Telescope , the world ’s most advanced visible - light astronomical observatory and VISTA , the world ’s largest survey telescope .
ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA , the largest astronomical project in existence .
ESO is currently planning a 42 - metre European Extremely Large optical / near - infrared Telescope , the E - ELT , which will become “ the world ’s biggest eye on the sky ” .
Links
Contacts
Leigh N. Fletcher
University of Oxford , UK
Tel : +44 18 65 27 20 89
Email : fletcher@atm.ox.ac.uk
Glenn Orton
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Pasadena , USA
Tel : +1 818 354 2460
Email : go@orton.jpl.nasa.gov
Henri Boffin
ESO
Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6222
Cell : +49 174 515 43 24
Email : hboffin@eso.org
Jia-Rui C. Cook
Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Pasadena , USA
Tel : +1 818 354 0850
Email : jia-rui.c.cook@jpl.nasa.gov
Connect with ESO on social media
In the game players earn points for acts of sexual violence , including following girls on commuter trains , raping virgins and their mothers , and then forcing them to have abortions .
US online retailers Amazon and eBay in February last year took RapeLay off their websites , but the game 's Yokohama - based maker Illusion brushed off the protests , saying the game was made for the domestic market and abided by laws in Japan .
But attempts by women 's rights groups such as Equality Now to ban the game have only created a black market for it online , with dozens of websites offering it as a free download .
There is also a number of similar games available in Japan , many depicting young girls , under the " hentai " genre .
Sexual assault victims ' rights advocate Nina Funnell is against online censorship but said : " These games are quite vile and for victims out there it 's quite distressing to come across these games or even just be aware that they exist and there 's a culture of rape tolerance and acceptance . "
Willis said she " absolutely " believes the forthcoming internet filtering regime is necessary and should block sites that offer access to the game .
" While I do n't think that playing games causes people to go out and do things , what it can do for those who may already have that preclusion is further break down social barriers to them taking that action , " she said .
Colin Jacobs , spokesman for the online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia , said on the surface a game like RapeLay might seem like a good argument for internet censorship but in reality trying to filter it would not work .
" Those who want to will be able to get around the filter , and the content will be quickly copied from site to site , " he said .
" Games like this will only ever represent a tiny minority , and the proper response is largely parental , to make sure kids are n't getting their hands on them . "
Similarly , Greens communications spokesman Scott Ludlam said : " If people want to pass it on , as soon as you block a URL it 's going to pop up in three other places . "
Willis conceded that people who are tech - savvy and determined to get access to the game will be able to regardless of internet filters , but that did n't mean the filters would not help .
" My father use to have this saying that a lock only stops an honest person ... [ but ] if we have a filter that will stop a large majority of people from getting access to the game , " she said .
In June last year , Japanese industry group Ethics Organisation of Computer Software instituted a ban on all " sexual torture software " because it " deviates extremely from social norms " .
But the ban is a form of self regulation and not enforceable in courts .
Japan , which has in the past come under fire for being a major producer of child porn , banned the production and distribution of sexual materials involving those aged under 18 in 1999 .
However , the law did n't criminalise possession of such content and did not cover animated content , such as computer games .
A Japan Committee for UNICEF spokeswoman told the AFP last year that the Japanese loophole hindered international efforts to crack down on child porn .
" In this globalised world , connected via the internet , even one loophole could jeopardise all the regulations , " she said .
" The world trend is to try to ban even the accessing and looking at websites of virtual images . "
CNN reported this week that a national Japanese law that would make possession of real and virtual images of child porn illegal was under discussion , but no serious legislation has moved forward in Japan 's parliament .
The broadcaster repeatedly attempted to obtain comment about the RapeLay game from the Japanese government over several weeks , but had no luck in getting anyone to comment on camera or provide a written statement .
( CNN ) -- A Tennessee man accused of planning a " killing spree " against African - Americans in a 2008 plot that included then - presidential candidate Barack Obama as a target , pleaded guilty Monday to eight charges in connection with the crime , the U.S. Department of Justice said .
Daniel Cowart , 21 , of Bells , Tennessee , admitted to conspiring with Paul Schlesselman of West Helena , Arkansas , in planning to kill more than 100 African - Americans , according to the Justice Department .
The two are self - described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Jackson , Tennessee , said .
The men were arrested in October 2008 after an aborted robbery attempt outside Jackson , according to court records .
Cowart pleaded guilty Monday to threatening to kill and inflict bodily harm upon a presidential candidate , conspiracy , intentional damage to religious property , discharge of a firearm during and in relation to a crime of violence and multiple gun charges related to carrying a sawed - off shotgun across state lines .
Cowart 's co-conspirator Schlesselman pleaded guilty in January to conspiracy , threatening to kill and inflict bodily harm upon a presidential candidate and one count of possessing a firearm in furtherance of a crime of violence .
He is scheduled to be sentenced April 15 and faces up to 10 years in prison .
Cowart faces up to 75 years in prison under his plea agreement , the Justice Department said .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Computers should not play dice .
That , to paraphrase Einstein , is the feeling of a University of Washington computer scientist with a simple manifesto :
If you enter the same computer command , you should get back the same result .
Unfortunately , that is far from the case with many of today 's machines .
Beneath their smooth exteriors , modern computers behave in wildly unpredictable ways , said Luis Ceze , a UW assistant professor of computer science and engineering .
" With older , single - processor systems , computers behave exactly the same way as long as you give the same commands .
Today 's computers are non-deterministic .
Even if you give the same set of commands , you might get a different result , " Ceze said .
He and UW associate professors of computer science and engineering Mark Oskin and Dan Grossman and UW graduate students Owen Anderson , Tom Bergan , Joseph Devietti , Brandon Lucia and Nick Hunt have developed a way to get modern , multiple - processor computers to behave in predictable ways , by automatically parceling sets of commands and assigning them to specific places .
Sets of commands get calculated simultaneously , so the well - behaved program still runs faster than it would on a single processor .
Next week at the International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems in Pittsburgh , Bergan will present a software - based version of this system that could be used on existing machines .
It builds on a more general approach the group published last year , which was recently chosen as a top paper for 2009 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ' journal Micro .
In the old days one computer had one processor .
But today 's consumer standard is dual - core processors , and even quad - core machines are appearing on store shelves .
Supercomputers and servers can house hundreds , even thousands , of processing units .
On the plus side , this design creates computers that run faster , cost less and use less power for the same performance delivered on a single processor .
On the other hand , multiple processors are responsible for elusive errors that freeze Web browsers and crash programs .
It is not so different from the classic chaos problem in which a butterfly flaps its wings in one place and can cause a hurricane across the globe .
Modern shared - memory computers have to shuffle tasks from one place to another .
The speed at which the information travels can be affected by tiny changes , such as the distance between parts in the computer or even the temperature of the wires .
Information can thus arrive in a different order and lead to unexpected errors , even for tasks that ran smoothly hundreds of times before .
" With multi - core systems the trend is to have more bugs because it's harder to write code for them , " Ceze said .
" And these concurrency bugs are much harder to get a handle on . "
One application of the UW system is to make errors reproducible , so that programs can be properly tested .
" We 've developed a basic technique that could be used in a range of systems , from cell phones to data centers , " Ceze said .
" Ultimately , I want to make it really easy for people to design high - performing , low - energy and secure systems . "
Last year Ceze , Oskin , and Peter Godman , a former director at Isilon Systems , founded a company to commercialize their technology .
Petra is initially named after the Greek word for rock because it hopes to develop " rock - solid systems , " Ceze said .
The Seattle - based startup will soon release its first product , Jinx , which makes any errors that are going to crop up in a program happen quickly .
" We can compress the effect of thousands of people using a program into a few minutes during the software 's development , " Ceze said .
" We want to allow people to write code for multi - core systems without going insane . "
The company already has some big - name clients trying its product , Ceze said , though it is not yet disclosing their identities .
" If this erratic behavior irritates us , as software users , imagine how it is for banks or other mission - critical applications . "
I do n’t see any such clever deal that would make of Europe ’s crisis an opportunity for a renewed push toward a United States of Europe .
The integrative dream has faded .
Europe , for the foreseeable future , will remain in the halfway house of monetary union , fiscal divergence and à la carte national politics .
The political and economic logic of the single currency remains un-assumed .
Greece is a far smaller economy than crisis - hit California , but thanks to Hamilton , California ’s travails are absorbed within a huge economy where most taxing and spending is done by the federal government .
Athens agonistes has no such cushion .
That leaves the question of how Europe will deal with its crisis .
Here in Spain unemployment is running at 19 percent and , in southern Andalusia , it ’s at 26 percent .
Outside one Andalusian village , Pórtugos , I saw a “ recreational center ” halfway up a mountain , apparently never used , displaying the symbol of the E.U. in recognition of money pumped in to build this useless foible ( and enrich a few locals . )
Such profligacy for the PIGS is over .
For all these countries , austerity looms .
Ireland has led the way by slashing public - sector wages by 7 percent .
Greece needs to follow suit , but whether labor unions will allow that is unclear .
Unless
Athens cuts back , it ’s not going to persuade people to buy its bonds .
A Greek default remains possible as long as Europe has not decided how to treat those that have not “ equally done their duty . ”
The European Commission is awaiting a Greek plan on deficit reduction by mid-March before deciding if some bailout is possible .
Default would have the merit of demonstrating the cost of European incoherence , but even little Greece is probably too big to fail .
Meanwhile , as the Greek daily Eleftherotypia noted the other day , it ’s time “ to say goodbye to the Greece you knew ” : the Greece of boundless pleasures , forever captured by the great poet Constantine Cavafy , who wrote :
And he thinks of Prudence , how it fooled him ,
how he always believed — what mad -
ness —
that cheat who said : “ Tomorrow .
You
Rogers Wireless is raising the emergency 911 fee cellphone customers pay monthly to 75 cents from the current 50 - cent charge .
The company , Canada 's largest wireless provider with nearly eight million customers , says the increase matches fees charged by other cellphone companies .
" We are bringing the rate in line with those charged by other Canadian wireless service providers , " said Rogers spokeswoman Odette Coleman in an email .
" Some of our competitors have been charging $ 0.75 for similar types of rate plans for some time . "
The increase will begin on April 12 but will not affect Rogers customers who signed on to plans from November 2009 onward , which is when the company folded its previous system access and 911 charges into a new " government regulatory recovery fee . "
That charge , which Rogers says covers the cost of its government and regulatory obligations , ranges between $ 2.46 and $ 3.46 a month .
Customers who signed on to Fido plans since November 2008 also wo n't be affected , Coleman said .
Rogers dropped the system access and 911 fees outright on its Fido brand at that time .
Rogers also bills customers with additional 911 charges in five provinces — Quebec , Saskatchewan , Nova Scotia , New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island — that it says are municipal or provincial fees .
Those fees range between 38 and 53 cents .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission recently praised the country 's wireless providers , including Rogers , Bell and Telus , for improving their 911 services after ordering them to do so a year ago .
A host of new wireless companies — Wind Mobile , Mobilicity and Public Mobile — have taken aim at Canadians ' distaste for extra charges such as system access and 911 .
Wind , which launched service in December , does not levy either fee .
Mobilicity and Public Mobile , both of whom are planning to launch in the spring , do not plan to charge such fees , either .
Existing carriers , including Rogers , moved to head off the new competition last fall by sacking system access and 911 fees from new service plans .
All three companies , however , raised base rates .
Rogers was the only one of the big three to introduce a new charge in the form of its regulatory recovery fee .
Mark Austry was healthy .
Not an obsessed fitness nut , but healthy .
Played baseball at Texas Tech and with the Fort Worth Cats .
Was a superb golfer .
And , when he found time from being a devoted family man to wife and two kids , he got out and ran .
Sunday he dropped dead .
At age 32 .
Literally seconds after crossing the finish line of the 13.1 - mile half - marathon on Greenville Ave. , Austry grabbed a bottled water , took two steps and collapsed .
Never to be revived .
Gone .
Just like that .
Cue the chill bumps .
My annual physical check - up is scheduled for this afternoon .
In the wake of Austry 's death , it could n't have come at a better time .
When the autopsy report comes out in a couple weeks , I 'll be curious to find out if Austry died of some pre-condition , like an enlarged heart ?
Or did the over - exertion of running simply kill him ?
Did being an athlete prolong his life ?
Or somehow short - circuit it ?
I finished three marathons last millennium and fancied trying another last year until I got busy taking on a new job and dropping a wife .
Stories like this always make me stop and ponder :
A . Do we actually increase our life span by working out and eating healthy and not smoking ?
B . Or will fate / destiny / God simply take us when it 's time , regardless of our lifestyle ?
Palestinian casualties have been high in a spate of Israeli raids
John Dugard said Israel was largely to blame for turning Gaza into " a prison " and " throwing away the key " .
He also criticised Canada , Europe and the US for cutting funds to Palestinian Authority , run by the Hamas militant group which does not recognise Israel .
An Israeli official said the statement was unrealistic and over - simplified .
Mr Dugard , UN special rapporteur on Palestinian human rights , said three - quarters of Palestinians in Gaza now depended on food aid - a result , he added , of Israeli military raids , blockades and demolitions .
" I hope that my portrayal ... will trouble the consciences of those accustomed to turning a blind eye and a deaf ear to the suffering of the Palestinian people , " Mr Dugard told the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva .
Unpunished
The South African lawyer was appointed in 2001 .
Palestinian people are punished for having democratically elected a regime unacceptable to Israel , the US and the EU
John Dugard
The situation - in the wake of Israel 's response to the capture of a soldier by militants from Gaza during a cross - border raid - is worse than at any time during my mandate , Mr Dugard said .
More than 100 civilians have been killed in army raids and bombardments in the Gaza Strip .
" What Israel chooses to describe as collateral damage to the civilian population is in fact indiscriminate killing prohibited by international law , " he said .
UN special rapporteur John Dugard was sent on a fact - finding mission
" Israel violates international law as expounded by the Security Council and the International Court of Justice and goes unpunished , " he said .
" But the Palestinian people are punished for having democratically elected a regime unacceptable to Israel , the US and the EU .
" In effect , the Palestinian people have been subjected to economic sanctions - the first time an occupied people has been so treated , " he said .
Omissions
Mr Dugard 's brief to investigate Israeli human rights violations against Palestinians has led Israel and its US ally to condemn his reports as one - sided .
The US ambassador to the UN in Geneva cautioned against taking Mr Dugard 's view out of context and Israeli envoy Itzhak Levanon dismissed his findings .
" This report is characterised by errors of omission as well as distortions of both fact and law , " Mr Levanon said .
He said it ignored what he called the daily experience of Israelis facing Palestinian terrorism .
Mr Dugard is a South African national and won his reputation as a civil rights lawyer during the apartheid era in the 1980s .
