There 's an eyebrow - raising rumor that Google 's toying with a cellphone that could work on any data network and make phone calls through its Gizmo5 / Google Voice package .
Are you ready to leave standard voice channels behind for the wireless data frontier ?
Advertisement
There are a handful of clues that , strung together , seem to point toward Google offering its own phone - like VoIP services .
The Google Voice project and its Gizmo5 acquisition , the Android phone OS , of course , and a deal that lets them re-sell wireless data .
Then again , regardless of whether Google 's ready to jump in , some phone provider could , at some point , make this kind of offer — unlimited domestic voice calling , cheap international calls , and a data - friendly a phone that works with any data contract .
Advertisement
If Google or some other firm offered a ( presumably ) subsidized , affordable phone with an internet calling package and any data package you want , would you nibble ?
Or is the difference between data and voice coverage big enough to enjoy having a backup ?
Vote below , then post your " Other " answers and reasoning in the comments .
Harvard has also received $ 225,000 for a study that seeks to explain the function of the narwhal 's tusks in the high Arctic .
We do n't just stand behind a table and play music like other DJs .
With our interactive entertainment , your guests will be engaged , energized , and ready to party !
Hallelujah !
According to a Newsweek Web Exclusive report this week , " U.S. intelligence agencies " have just informed " the White House " that the status of the Iranian alleged program to develop " a nuclear bomb " has not changed since their formal National Intelligence Estimate of 2007 [ .pdf ] .
That NIE stated – with " high confidence " – that Iran " halted " , in the fall of 2003 , whatever program it was alleged to have had , and stated – with " moderate confidence " – that Iran had made no attempt to resurrect it .
So , why is n’t there mucho dancing in the streets ; here and around the world ?
Well , at this point you might consult a seemingly authoritative report prepared by David Albright , based upon the official history of the South African nuclear - weapons program .
During the 1970s and 1980s , South Africa – not then a signatory to the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons – indigenously developed the capacity to produce industrial quantities of enriched - uranium , mostly reactor - grade , but many hundreds of pounds of almost pure Uranium - 235 .
According to Albright , the South Africans had completed a theoretical design for a simple gun-type U - 235 device by 1973 , and in 1976 successfully conducted a " full scale test of the device , using natural uranium . "
Since natural uranium – which has essentially the same chemical and metallurgical properties as weapons - grade U - 235 – is not a fissile material , such a test could not possibly produce detectable fission - yield .
By 1989 , South Africa had six gun - type nukes in its arsenal , each about 6 feet long , each weighing 1650 lbs , each incorporating a total of 120 lbs of almost pure Uranium - 235 .
( A critical mass of U - 235 at normal density – the amount needed to sustain a fission chain - reaction – is about 114 lbs . )
Now , it is conceivable that the Iranians – secretly – also attempted to design a simple gun-type U - 235 device , perhaps while defending themselves during the eight - year war of aggression launched against them by Iraq in 1980 , in which , according to the UN Security Council , " chemical weapons had been used . "
But , as best the IAEA can tell , after years of exhaustive on - the - ground inspections , the Iranians have never even attempted to conduct an operational test of such a device , using natural uranium instead of weapons - grade U-235 .
How can they be sure of that ?
Because even natural uranium is an NPT - proscribed material , and the production and storage — as well as any chemical or physical transformation of any quantity of it – has been subject to IAEA Safeguards since 1974 , made especially rigorous since the fall of 2003 , when Iran began to voluntarily implement the Additional Protocol to the their agreement in advance of its ratification by the Iranian Parliament .
Now , it is conceivable that the Iranians might be willing to risk not even functionally testing a gun - type nuke design with natural uranium .
Perhaps conceivable they would then announce to the whole world their intentions to reconfigure their existing IAEA - Safeguarded uranium - enrichment cascades in a several - year - long attempt to produce a thousand pounds or so of almost pure U - 235 , the amount required for a half - dozen or so gun - type nukes .
But it is not conceivable that the Iranians would be willing to take such a risk if their intention was to produce almost that much pure U - 235 for implosion - type U - 235 nukes that had not even been functionally – electrically , explosively , hydrodynamically — tested .
But , that is exactly the risk the Likudniks and their enablers and fellow - travelers are apoplectically insisting that the Iranians long ago decided to take !
No matter that , according to our intelligence community , whatever it was the Iranian military was alleged to have been doing in the past , they continue to have " high confidence " that the Iranians quit doing it in 2003 and " modest confidence " they have not resumed doing whatever it was they are alleged to have been doing , which – whatever it was – has been determined by the IAEA not to have involved any amount of NPT - proscribed materials and , hence , determined not to be a violation of Iran ’s NPT - related Safeguards Agreement .
Of course , the Likudniks and their enablers do n’t care what the Iranians are doing or are not doing .
They regularly announce their intention to attack and destroy – in violation of the UN Charter and of the " restraining order " placed upon them by UN Security Council Resolution 487 – Iran ’s IAEA Safeguarded guaranteed - to - be- peaceful nuclear facilities .
Last week several of our Likudnik enablers issued a " report " through the Bipartisan Policy Center , warning President Obama that
" If biting sanctions do not persuade the Islamic Republic to demonstrate sincerity in negotiations and give up its [ IAEA - Safeguarded ] enrichment activities , the White House will have to begin serious consideration of the option of a US - led military strike against Iranian nuclear facilities . "
As if such serious consideration had not already begun at the Center for Strategic and International Studies whilst the Cheney Cabal ruled the earth .
A few months ago , Andrew Cordesman and Abdullah Toukan issued an update to an earlier CSIS study , this time entitled " Study on a Possible Israeli Strike on Iran ’s Nuclear Development Facilities . "
Understand that all these Likudniks and their enablers are advocating a military strike on IAEA - Safeguarded facilities !
In particular , Cordesman ’s scenarios assume the Israelis will attack what he considers to be the three main target facilities – all IAEA - Safeguarded – which if destroyed , would seriously delay Iran ’s attempt to realize its inalienable rights to the enjoyment of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
• The Natanz Fuel Enrichment
Plant complex , built some 8 meters - deep into the ground , hardened with a roof of several meters of reinforced concrete and buried under a layer of earth some 75 feet deep .
• The Esfahan Nuclear Technology Center , an Industrial - Scale Uranium Conversion Facility .
• The Arak Facility , comprising the nearly completed Heavy - Water - Moderated Research Reactor , a completed heavy - water production facility and a set of cooling towers .
The Presidents and Heads of States of the Non-Aligned Movement – which counts Afghanistan , Burma , Colombia , Cuba , Indonesia , India , Iran , Iraq , Kuwait , Lebanon , Libya , Malaysia , Nicaragua , Nigeria , North Korea , Pakistan , Palestine , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Syria , Turkmenistan , Uganda , United Arab Emirates , Uzbekistan , Venezuela and Yemen among its 118 active members , with Brazil , China and Mexico among its most notable actively participating " observers " – had their Fifteenth Summit this past July in Egypt .
Here are some heart - felt often - expressed pleadings from the NAM Final Report , which President Obama ought to weigh carefully , while ignoring the Likudniks at the Bipartisan Policy Center .
" The Movement reiterated the basic principle of the UN Charter that all States shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any State , or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the UN .
" Resorting to Chapter VII of the Charter as an umbrella for addressing issues that do not pose a threat to international peace and security must be avoided and in this regard , the Council should fully utilise the relevant Charter provisions , where appropriate , including Chapters VI and VIII .
So , President Obama , here is your " mission impossible . "
You are to undo – to the extent it ’s possible – every outrageous act , planned and / or taken , by the Cheney Cabal , at the urging of the Likudniks .
You can begin by promising – specifically to the members of the Non-Aligned Movement – that you will not attack and destroy IAEA - Safeguarded facilities , anywhere in the world .
[ Read the conference declaration HERE . ]
By Federico Fuentes , Caracas
November 27 , 2009 -- Addressing delegates at the International Encounter of Left Parties held in Caracas , November 19 - 21 , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez said that with the capitalist crisis and threat of war risking the future of humanity , “ the people are clamoring ” for greater unity of those willing to fight for socialism .
Chavez used his November 20 speech to the conference , which involved delegates from 55 left groups from 31 countries , to call for a new international socialist organisation to unite left groups and social movements :
“ The time has come for us to organise the Fifth International . ”
Historic
This call is historic .
It follows Chavez ’s call in 2005 that the only response to the barbarism of the capitalist system was to create “ a new socialism of the 21st century ” .
In 2006 , Chavez made another historic call for the creation in Venezuela of a new , mass revolutionary party in order to unite all who were part of the struggle to transform Venezuela into one party .
This lead to the launch in 2007 of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) .
Chavez 's call for a new international is historic because of his authority as the head of a government leading a revolutionary movement to build socialism .
The Bolivrian revolution sees itself as international .
Chavez has repeatedly said that either socialism is built globally or there will be no 22nd century for humanity .
The call for a new international organisation builds on the history of the socialist movement .
There have been four previous socialist “ internationals ” , the first created by Karl Marx in 1864 , which collapsed .
The Second International was formed in 1889 , but fell apart when representative parties sided with their own governments in the bloodshed of World War I .
The Third International was founded in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution .
However , Chavez said it “ degenerated ” under Stalinism and “ betrayed ” struggles for socialism around the world .
Leon Trotsky founded the Fourth International in 1938 .
However , Trotsky died in 1940 and his followers never succeeded in building mass support .
A majority of the delegates at the Caracas conference adopted a special resolution in support of founding the “ Fifth Socialist International as a space for socialist - oriented parties , movements and currents in which we can harmonise a common strategy for the struggle against imperialism , the overthrow of capitalism by socialism ” .
April next year has been set as the date for a conference to launch the new international .
Chavez repeated his call in his speech the next day to the congress of the PSUV , which began on November 21 .
He asked the congress “ to include in its agenda for debate , the proposal to convene political parties and currents to create the Fifth Socialist International as a new organisation that fits the time and the challenge in which we live , and that can become an instrument of unification and coordination of the struggle of peoples to save this planet ” .
Chavez said the discussion “ must go out to the people , to the social organisations and other forms of popular power in the country ” .
The PSUV , a mass revolutionary party in formation , will no doubt take up this discussion with full vigour .
Likewise , left parties around the world will need to take a position on this extremely important proposal which has the potential to significantly advance the international socialist movement ..
Unity against imperialism
The Encounter of Left Parties conference involved representatives of the old and new left .
It included a number of long - established communist and social - democratic parties from Asia and Europe , national liberation forces from Africa and the Middle East , and new left parties such as Die Linke ( Germany ) , the Left Bloc ( Portugal ) and Left Party ( France ) .
It also involved radical and left groups from across Latin America .
Some of these are older , such as the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) from Nicaragua , and some newer , such as the Movement Towards Socialism from Bolivia and the PSUV .
The first day of the conference discussed the new imperialist offensive in the region .
This is exemplified by the plan for new US military in Latin America bases and the military coup against the left - leaning Honduran government in alliance with revolutionary Venezuela .
Venezuela foreign minister and PSUV leader Nicolas Maduro said that imperialism managed to destroy almost all attempts to create a new model of society in the 20th century .
“ There was only one experience that had the sufficient political , military and popular force , together with a revolutionary leadership , which was able to overcome all of imperialism ’s plans : the Cuban Revolution ” , he noted .
Maduro said new revolutionary movements and political leaderships have emerged this century , changing the face of the region .
The election of US President Barack Obama created hope and expectations across the world that new relations with the US based on dialogue would be possible .
But he said this illusion was quickly shattered by the actions of the new administration .
Maduro said the US government seeks to undermine the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our Americas ( ALBA ) , an anti-imperialism political and trading bloc that this year expanded to nine countries .
The coup in Honduras , a member country , was aimed at ALBA and carried out with US support , he said .
The US - Colombia military agreement for seven new US military bases in Colombia is “ a powerful threat against the revolutionary movements in our continent ” .
In light of this , Maduro said unity of progressive and left forces is necessary to create a movement for peace and justice with the power to make Latin America a “ territory free of US bases ” .
Jorge Marti , head of the international relations department of the Communist Party of Cuba , said as it is now “ the left is not up to the challenge it faces ” .
He said this was why it was necessary to develop a strategy for united struggle .
Nidia Diaz , a veteran leader of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front ( FMLN ) of El Salvador , said it was possible right - wing forces could win coming elections in Chile and Brazil .
But , she said , “ if we only think about electoral victories and not in the accumulation of social forces for change , it is easy to paint a negative picture ” .
She said it is essential that the left promote Chavez ’s proposal for “ peace bases ” as focal points for agitation and mobilisation of the people .
Patricia Rodas , the legitimate foreign minister in the government of Honduras ' President Manuel Rosales overthrown in the coup , said : “ We are merely spokespeople for our people who today are resisting . ”
She said it was the responsibility of those at the meeting to build a common space for left groups to unite “ and make possible the creation of a never before seen , diverse force ” .
Venezuelan education minister Hector Navarro said : “ The problem [ we face ] is the structural crisis of capital … We are confronting the question of the survival of humanity . ”
Therefore , he said , the conference must be seen as a theatre of operations from which to unleash a struggle in defence of humanity .
An ‘ International of the 21st century ’
The second day of the conference -- November 20 -- started with a discussion on what sort of international coordination of the left was needed .
Valtar Pomar , international relations secretary of the Brazilian Workers ’ Party ( PT ) , outlined the position of his party , currently in government .
He put forward a strategy focused on unity around regional integration and a broad - based “ anti-imperialism ” .
He said if socialism became our lowest common denominator for unity , this would inevitably lead to division .
Pomar said the PT would prioritise the Sao Paulo Forum .
The Sao Paulo Forum was formed in the 1990s as an initiative of the PT to regroup the Latin American left after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The Sao Paulo Forum , like the PT , has drifted from its radical roots to become dominated by more moderate forces .
PSUV leader Aristobulo Isturiz said the left needs more dynamic and active spaces than the Sao Paulo Forum .
Chavez ’s speech that night marked a dividing line : “ Yankee imperialism is preparing a war in Latin America … it has almost always been the case that the US has pulled itself out of a situation of crisis via war . ”
The conditions to build socialism are ripe , he said .
“ That is why I ask that you allow me continue to go forward , together with those who want to accompany me , to create the Fifth Socialist International . ”
Chavez said it would be a new body without manuals and impositions , where differences were welcome .
He criticised the practices of the old Communist Party of the Soviet Union , which imposed its dogmas such as “ socialism in one country ” on its satellite parties internationally .
Chavez said this led many Latin American CPs to turn their backs on Argentinean - born revolutionary Ernesto “ Che ” Guevara , when Che , who rejected Soviet dogmatism , tried to spread the Cuban Revolution in the 1960s .
Chavez said the new international should reject the failed projects of “ real socialism ” and social democracy .
It should embody the spirit and heritage left to humanity by the founders of the first four internationals .
It should also incorporate the ideas of past Latin American revolutionaries .
It has to be an international to confront imperialism , and defeat capitalism , said Chavez .
He said it was necessary to work together to create a manifesto to spell - out the content of “ socialism of the 21st century ” .
Chavez gave a swift and sharp response to a delegate ’s interjection that there already exist organisations for left coordination .
There exist many spaces for discussion , said Chavez , but none for concrete action .
“ We have wasted a lot of time , we continue to waste time , looking for excuses to justify our inactivity ” , said Chavez .
“ I consider such behaviour to be a betrayal of the hope of our peoples . ”
The unity of left parties is needed , “ but [ of ] parties that are truly left ” .
Some delegates expressed their reservations on November 21 , arguing that at such a meeting it was only possible to agree on specific points .
A deep programmatic debate was necessary before any deeper unity was possible .
However , support for the proposal was very strong overall .
Speaking in favour of the proposal for a new international , El Salvador 's vice - president and FMLN leader Salvador Sanchez Ceren said : “ We cannot continue simply debating … we need to clearly define what it is that we want , and the alternative project for Latin America is socialism . ”
Sanchez ’s comments provoked a reaction from El Salvador 's President Mauricio Funes , who was elected with the FMLN ’s support .
Funes distanced himself from the comments and said his government did not support 21st century socialism .
The delegation from the Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS ) in Bolivia told the conference they had contacted the MAS leadership , including Bolivian President Evo Morales , who agreed the MAS should back the new international .
Ecuador government minister and Country Alliance leader Ricardo Patino said his party had also agreed to participate .
Honduras ' foreign minister Rodas pledged the active support of the Honduran “ resistance ” for the proposal .
The Cuban Communist Party did not express a formal position in the meeting .
If the Cuban Communist Party backs the call , it would mean all the most important organisations at the head of the Latin American revolution support the creation the new international .
The adopted resolution pledged to create a “ working group comprised of those socialist parties , currents and social movements who endorse the initiative , to prepare an agenda which defines the objectives , contents and mechanisms of this global revolutionary body ” .
A main document , called the Caracas Commitment , was also approved .
The document said that , faced with “ structural crisis of capital , which combines the economic crisis , with an ecological crisis , a food crisis , and an energy crisis , and which together represents a mortal threat to humanity and mother earth ” , the only alternative possible is “ socialism of the 21st century ” .
Speaking to the PSUV congress , Chavez said the previous four socialist internationals had originated in Europe , “ where the thesis of scientific socialism emerged with force in the heat of the great popular , workers ' struggles ” .
Today , however , “ the epicentre of revolutionary struggle is in our America .
And Venezuela is the epicentre of this battle " .
“ It is up to us to assume the role of the vanguard and we have to assume it , so that we realise and become aware of the huge responsibility we have on our shoulders . ”
[ Federico Fuentes , alonfg with Kiraz Janicke , represented the Australian Socialist Alliance at the International Encounter of Left Parties as representatives .
They also work in the Caracas bureau of Green Left Weekly .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly . ]
The good news ?
A few people think it ’s Cheney .
The bad news ?
That ’s closer than most of them get .
The best part comes at the end , when Crowder asks about Pelosi , but it ’s a long , sad trip to that point , my friends .
Take a drink before clicking .
Like Treacher says :
In fairness , Biden probably could n’t answer this question either .
See an investigation into why authorities are concerned about the violent messages being preached outside a New York mosque on tonight 's " AC 360 , " 10 ET on CNN .
New York ( CNN ) -- Outside a Manhattan mosque where the imam preaches against terrorism , the brothers of the " Revolution Muslim " are spreading a different message .
Protected by the Constitution of the country they detest , radical Muslim converts like Yousef al - Khattab and Younes Abdullah Mohammed preach that the killing of U.S. troops overseas is justified .
In their thinking , so were the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- and so are attacks on almost any American .
" Americans will always be a target -- and a legitimate target -- until America changes its nature in the international arena , " Mohammed said in an interview to air on tonight 's " AC 360 . "
Al - Khattab and Mohammed consider al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden their model .
" I love him like I can't begin to tell you , because he does n't seem to have done anything wrong from the sharia , " al - Khattab said , referring to Islamic law .
" If you 're asking me if I love him as a Muslim , I love him more than I love myself . "
They hand out fliers outside the gleaming 96th Street mosque , where up to 4,000 people visit every day .
Inside the sleek , modernistic house of worship , Imam Shamsi Ali preaches against the violence that now sweeps many Muslim countries .
" What we try to do is reminding our people about the real Islam , " Ali said .
" We tell them what the real Islam is all about .
Islam is about peace .
Islam is about moderation .
Islam is about friendship .
Islam is opposed to any kind of hatred against anybody . "
Law enforcement sources have told CNN the men walk right up to the line of protection under the First Amendment , but their message is not going unnoticed .
Al - Khattab handed CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin a business card from an FBI agent who he says is keeping tabs on him .
The agent would not comment without clearance from his superiors , except to say , " Obviously , if they gave you my card , you know we are watching them . "
The mosque has called police on Al - Khattab and Mohammed several times , and passers - by occasionally engage them in heated debates .
Ali told CNN that ordinary Muslims are " disgusted with their behavior . "
But they insist they do n't fight themselves , and do n't incite others to do so .
Al - Khattab calls President Obama " a murderer , a tyrant , a scumbag , " and says he would n't " shed a tear " if Obama were killed .
But he added , " Would I incite his murder ?
That 's not what I teach . "
Mohammed calls himself an American " by default " who identifies with Muslims .
Al - Khattab , a Jew who lived in Israel before converting to Islam , says he " would like to see a mushroom cloud " over the Jewish state -- " but before that , I 'd like to see the people guided , and I 'd like them to go back to their original countries where they 're from . "
But federal agents are not only watching them , they 're watching some of those who are listening .
Neil Bryant Vinas , a young New Yorker who has pleaded guilty to plotting to attack trains on the Long Island Rail Road , met with al - Khattab .
Al - Khattab said Vinas and " some brothers " traveled to Atlantic City , New Jersey , and had dinner with him .
Al - Khattab said they considered him something of a hero because he left Israel and converted to Islam .
Al - Khattab also claims friendships with Tarek Mehanna , now under indictment in Boston , Massachusetts , on charges of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , and Daniel Maldonado , who pleaded guilty before a federal judge in Texas to receiving military training from Islamic militants in Somalia .
Mohammed says he and his fellow radicals are " commanded to terrorize the disbelievers ... making them fearful so that they will think twice before they go rape your mother or kill your brother or go onto your land and try to steal your resources . "
" We are defending innocent women that are bombed every day , innocent children that are bombed every day , " he said .
But asked whether those who take their fliers should take up arms against Americans , he said , " We certainly have never said that . "
CNN 's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .
Arresting Blair
His bid for the EU presidency gives us the best chance we ’ll ever have .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 26th October 2009
Tony Blair ’s bid to become president of the European Union has united the left in revulsion .
His enemies argue that he divided Europe by launching an illegal war ; he kept the UK out of the eurozone and the Schengen agreement ; he is contemptuous of democracy ( surely a qualification ? ) ; greases up to wealth and power and lets the poor go to hell .
He is ruthless , mendacious , slippery and shameless .
But never mind all that .
I ’m backing Blair .
It ’s not his undoubted powers of persuasion that have swayed me , nor the motorcade factor which clinched it for David Miliband , who claims that no one else could stop the traffic in Beijing or Washington or Moscow ( 1 ) ) .
I have a different interest .
You could argue that I ’m placing other considerations above the good of the EU .
You ’d be right , but this hardly distinguishes me from the rest of Blair ’s supporters .
I contend that his presidency could do more for world peace than any appointment since the Second World War .
Blair has the distinction , which is a source of national pride in some quarters , of being one of the two greatest living mass murderers .
That he commissioned a crime of aggression ( waging an unprovoked war , described by the Nuremberg Tribunal as “ the supreme international crime ” ( 2 ) ) looks incontestable .
I will explain the case in a moment .
This crime has caused the deaths , depending on whose estimate you believe , of between 100,000 and one million people ( 3,4 ) .
As there was no legal justification , these people were murdered .
But no one has been brought to justice .
Within the UK , there is no means of prosecuting Mr Blair .
In 2006 the law lords decided that the international crime of aggression has not been incorporated into domestic law ( 5 ) .
But elsewhere in the world it has been .
In 2006 the professor of international law Philippe Sands warned that “ Margaret Thatcher avoids certain countries as a result of the sinking of the Belgrano , and Blair would be advised to do likewise . ” ( 6 )
Has he ?
I do n’t know .
Blair ’s diary and most of his meetings are private .
He has no need to travel to countries where he might encounter a little legal difficulty .
So he goes about his business untroubled .
He seldom faces protests , let alone investigating magistrates .
His only punishment for the crime of aggression so far is a multimillion - pound book deal , massive speaking fees , posh directorships and an appointment as Middle East peace envoy , which must rank with Henry Kissinger ’s receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize as the supreme crime against satire .
I have spent the past three days trying to discover , from legal experts all over Europe , where the crime of aggression can be prosecuted .
The only certain answer is that the situation is unclear .
Everyone agrees that within the EU two states , Estonia and Latvia , have incorporated it into domestic law .
In most of the others the law remains to be tested .
In 2005 the German federal administrative court ruled in favour of an army major who had refused to obey an order in case it implicated him in the Iraq war .
The court ’s justification was that the war was a crime of aggression ( 7 ) .
A study of the constitutions of western European nations in 1988 found that if there ’s a conflict most of them would place customary international law above domestic law , suggesting that a prosecution is possible ( 8 ) .
President Blair would also be obliged to travel to countries outside the EU , including the other states of the former Soviet Union , many of which have now incorporated the crime of aggression .
He would have little control over his appointments , and everyone would know when he was coming .
It ’s just possible that an investigating magistrate , like Baltasar Garzon , the Spanish judge who issued a warrant for the arrest of General Pinochet , would set the police on him .
But our best chance of putting pressure on reluctant authorities lies in a citizen ’s arrest .
To stimulate this process , I will put up the first £ 100 of a bounty ( to which , if he gets the job , I will ask readers to subscribe ) payable to the first person to attempt a non-violent arrest of President Blair .
It should n’t be hard to raise several thousand pounds .
I will help set up a network of national arrest committees , exchanging information and preparing for the great man ’s visits .
President Blair would have no hiding place : we will be with him wherever he goes .
Here is the case against him .
The Downing Street memo , a record of a meeting in July 2002 , reveals that Sir Richard Dearlove , director of the UK ’s foreign intelligence service MI6 , told Blair that in Washington “ Military action was now seen as inevitable .
Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy .
” ( 9 ) The foreign secretary ( Jack Straw ) then told Mr Blair that “ the case was thin .
Saddam was not threatening his neighbours , and his WMD capability was less than that of Libya , North Korea or Iran . ”
He suggested that “ we should work up a plan ” to produce “ legal justification for the use of force . ”
The Attorney - General told the prime minister that there were only “ three possible legal bases ” for launching a war : “ self - defence , humanitarian intervention , or UNSC [ Security Council ] authorisation .
The first and second could not be the base in this case . ”
Bush and Blair failed to obtain Security Council authorisation .
This short memo , which should be learnt by heart by every citizen of the United Kingdom , reveals that Blair knew that the decision to attack Iraq had already been made ; that it preceded the justification , which was being retrofitted to an act of aggression ; that the only legal reasons for an attack did n’t apply , and that the war could n’t be launched without UN authorisation .
The legal status of Bush ’s decision had already been explained to Mr Blair .
In March 2002 , as another leaked memo shows , Jack Straw had reminded him of the conditions required to launch a legal war : “ i ) There must be an armed attack upon a State or such an attack must be imminent ; ii )
The use of force must be necessary and other means to reverse / avert the attack must be unavailable ; iii )
The acts in self - defence must be proportionate and strictly confined to the object of stopping the attack . ” ( 10 ) Straw explained that the development or possession of weapons of mass destruction “ does not in itself amount to an armed attack ; what would be needed would be clear evidence of an imminent attack . ”
A third memo , from the Cabinet Office , explained that “ there is no greater threat now than in recent years that Saddam will use WMD … A legal justification for invasion would be needed .
Subject to Law Officers ’ advice , none currently exists . ” ( 11 )
It ’s just a matter of getting him in front of a judge .
The crazy plan to make this mass murderer president could be the chance that many of us have been waiting for .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/oct/25/miliband-supports-blair-eu-presidency
2. Marjorie Cohn , professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law , 9th November 2004 .
Aggressive War : Supreme International Crime .
http://www.truthout.org/article/aggressive-war-supreme-international-crime
3. Iraq Body Count – http://www.iraqbodycount.org – estimates around 100,000 .
4. Opinion Research Business estimates around one million .
( January 2008 .
Update on Iraqi Casualty Data ) .
http://www.opinion.co.uk/Newsroom_details.aspx?NewsId=88
5. House of Lords , 29th March 2006 .
R v. Jones and Milling . [ 2006 ] UKHL 16 .
http://www.bailii.org/cgi-bin/markup.cgi?doc=/uk/cases/UKHL/2006/16.html&query=Jones+and+et+and+al&method=boolean
6 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2006/feb/14/highereducationprofile.highereducation
7. Justus Leicht , 27th September 2005 .
German court declares Iraq war violated international law .
http://www.wsws.org/articles/2005/sep2005/iraq-s27.shtml
8. Wildhaber and Breitenmoser , 1988 .
The Relationship Between Customary International Law and Municipal Law in Western European Countries 48 ZaoRV .
I have not been able to obtain this study , so this reference is secondhand .
9. Matthew Rycroft , 23rd July 2002 .
Published in the Sunday Times as : The secret Downing Street memo .
1st May 2005 .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article387374.ece
10 . Jack Straw ’s office , 8th March 2005 .
Memo to Tony Blair .
http://downingstreetmemo.com/iraqlegalbacktext.html
11 . Overseas and Defence Secretariat Cabinet Office , 8th March 2002 .
Iraq : Options Paper .
http://downingstreetmemo.com/iraqoptions.html
Have you or your business received an audit notice from the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) or the Washington State Department of Revenue ?
( DOR )
Are you losing sleep because federal or state tax returns have not been filed , certain required taxes have been neglected or simply because your tax debt has grown beyond your control ?
Is your business is disputing the sales tax assessment by the Washington State Department of Revenue ( DOR ) ?
Maybe you are starting a business and need legal counsel about the structure and federal and state tax treatment of your company .
Do you have an offshore or foreign bank account or a foreign assets that you have not reported to the IRS and you do not know what to do ?
Perhaps you have not encountered any tax problems yet but would like to take proactive steps to ensure you never do .
Serving individuals and businesses
in the Greater Seattle area ,
Washington State , across the U.S .
and Internationally since 2003 .
Turn to the tax law firm of Lana Kurilova Rich PLLC for solutions to federal tax issues and state tax issues , including state sales tax matters , of all levels of complexity .
Attorney Lana Kurilova
Rich is a former corporate auditor with more than 15 years of tax and business law experience in the United States and Russia .
Since 2003 , our Bellevue office has used that experience for the benefit of businesses and individuals in the Greater Seattle area , statewide and throughout the United States .
Contact our Seattle tax law attorney today who will work on the best possible tax resolution options for your unique tax problem .
Washington Tax Debt Lawyer Offering Comprehensive Tax Law Services
Our experience , attention to detail and ability to move quickly make our services invaluable when tax emergencies arise .
Tax controversies can escalate surprisingly fast , even rising to the level of criminal prosecution in certain circumstances .
We respond appropriately .
No matter how challenging the case or how high the stakes are , you can be confident with an experienced Seattle tax law attorney on your side .
Our tax law firm also provides convenient in - house tax return preparation , accounting and bookkeeping services for you and your business .
Our in - house accountant will prepare and file federal and state returns for all states , as well as the required tax returns and other reports for Washington state businesses , including the Washington State Department of Revenue , the Washington State Department of Labor and Industries , and the Washington State Employment Security Department .
We do payroll .
Our in - house accountant can organize and reconstruct financial records to respond to an audit — or help reduce the red flags that could result in an audit .
We will work with your accountant or offer you the services of our in - house accountant – your choice .
We are committed to developing close working relationships , providing honest answers and clear resolution options that make sense for you , and doing so at fees you can afford .
For IRS Tax Problem Resolution , Call ( 425 ) 289-0629 for an Initial Phone Consultation at Our Bellevue , Washington , Law Firm
We invite you to contact us today by phone or contact our Washington tax debt attorney by e-mail , to discuss your case .
Find out how we can help .
It is not necessary for you to travel to our office ; our interview and any subsequent work can be done entirely over the phone or through videoconferencing or e-mail .
We have clients state - wide , nationwide , and even worldwide .
With the use of the modern technology , we can work with you – no matter where you live .
It did n't take most of us long to realize the sex education we got in school was n't going to come in handy .
We asked you to look back at your sex life , and Photoshop the lessons you wish they 'd taught you back in school .
The winner is below , but first the runners up .
Advertisement
14 Entry by omfgtimmy
Spanish police have arrested nine men suspected of seeking to have a woman killed after they accused her of adultery , claiming they were following Islamic law , authorities said on Sunday .
The men were arrested on November 14 and seven have been held in jail , a police spokesman said .
According to police , the woman had been taken in March and held in an isolated house in Valls in northeastern Catalonia .
Authorities say the men set up a court there to judge her for adultery .
" These men had formed a kind of court to apply ( Islamic ) sharia law , " the spokesman said , adding the woman told authorities she was tried and sentenced to death .
She was later able to escape and report what happened to police .
Chinese executives say that Chinese workers are not always less expensive , but that they tend to be more skilled and easier to manage than local workers .
“ Whether you ’re talking about the social benefits or economic benefits to the countries receiving the workers , the countries have had very good things to say about the Chinese workers and their skills , ” said Diao Chunhe , director of the China International Contractors Association , a government organization in Beijing .
But in some countries , local residents accuse the Chinese of stealing jobs , staying on illegally and isolating themselves by building bubble worlds that replicate life in China .
“ There are entire Chinese villages now , ” said Pham Chi Lan , former executive vice president of the Vietnam Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
“ We ’ve never seen such a practice on projects done by companies from other countries . ”
At this construction site northeast of the port city of Haiphong , an entire Chinese world has sprung up : four walled dormitory compounds , restaurants with Chinese signs advertising dumplings and fried rice , currency exchanges , so - called massage parlors  even a sign on the site itself that says “ Guangxi Road , ” referring to the province that most of the workers call home .
Image Chinese workers at a thermal power plant construction site in Trung Son , Vietnam .
Credit ... Shiho Fukada for The New York Times
One night , eight workers in blue uniforms sat in a cramped restaurant that had been opened by a man from Guangxi at the request of the project ’s main subcontractor , Guangxi Power Construction Company .
Their faces were flushed from drinking Chinese rice wine .
“ I was sent here , and I ’m fulfilling my patriotic duty , ” said Lin Dengji , 52 .
Such scenes can set off anxieties in Vietnam , which prides itself on resisting Chinese domination , starting with its break from Chinese rule in the 10th century .
The countries fought a border war in 1979 and are still engaged in a sovereignty dispute in the South China Sea .
You 've probably heard by now that a hacker got into the computer system of some climatologists and grabbed a bunch of files , including private emails , from the scientists .
The global warming deniers have been trumpeting these as evidence of purposeful fraud , but in reality they are nothing of the sort .
I 've gotten some emails asking why I have n't talked about this -- some accusing me of being biased -- but that 's not the case .
One reason I have n't talked about it is because I think it 's a non-issue .
These files are not evidence of fraud .
I am a scientist myself , and I 'm familiar with the lingo .
When we say we used a " trick " to plot data ( as one of the hacked emails says ) , that does n't mean we 're doing something to fool people .
It means we used a method that may not be obvious , or a step that does something specific .
Plotting data logarithmically instead of linearly is a " trick " , and it 's a valid and useful method of displaying data ( your senses of sight and hearing are logarithmic , for example , so it 's even a natural way to do things ) .
A more everyday example : a friend tells you that using two filters when brewing your coffee makes it taste better .
When you relay this info to someone else , you might say " Using Alex 's double filter trick makes my coffee yummier . "
Same thing .
It 's not exactly rock - solid evidence of scientific fraud .
The other reason I 've left this alone is because others are deflating it quite well .
My Hive Overmind co-bloggers Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum over at The Intersection have done so , twice , in their articles The Climategate Burden of Proof and The Latest on the Swifthack .
And all these released files make no difference anyway .
As they so succinctly out it :
Those of us who think this is all smoke and no fire are starting from the following position :
There is a massive body of science , tested and retested and ratified by many leading scientific bodies , showing that global warming is real and human caused
In other words , these denialist claims are largely ad hominems , and do n't get to the core of the issue , and that 's the overwhelming amount of data supporting global warming .
You need to ask : do these emails and other hacked files change the actual science , the actual conclusions drawn by those scientists ?
As far as I can see , the answer is no .
What I see are scientists doing science , reacting to vicious personal attacks , and discussing what they are doing in terms scientists always use .
On the other side , I 'll say I have no issue with the actual hacking situation itself ; if I felt that the government were hiding some huge scandal with an equally huge impact on everyone on the planet , then the illegal act of hacking into someone 's computer becomes a relatively minor infraction comparatively .
If the hacker actually thinks this , that is .
I know a lot of the denialists think as they do because of partisan blindness , and not because they have reached their conclusion through the impartial examination of the evidence ( an accusation , no doubt , that will be thrown at me in the comments ) .
Without telepathy or a pile of evidence -- or even his / her identity -- we do n't know the motivations of the hacker .
They do n't really matter to me at the moment ; the more important aspect of all this is how the files are being twisted politically .
Bottom line ?
Yawn .
Get back to me when you have equally overwhelming evidence that global warming is not happening , or if it is it 's not anthropogenic .
Then we can talk .
The House Republicans ’ healthcare bill has left Congressional budget auditors scratching their heads .
An analysis by the Congressional Budget Office has found that the Republicans ’ proposed healthcare overhaul would cover just 3 million Americans by 2019 , and leave 52 million Americans uninsured — effectively covering just 5 percent of those who would otherwise be uninsured .
ADVERTISEMENT
That means 95 percent of those who are uninsured will still be without coverage in 2019 .
What ’s more , the number of non-elderly Americans lacking insurance would likely remain unchanged from today – with 17 percent of Americans having no health insurance .
The New York Times notes :
The Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday that an alternative health care bill put forward by House Republicans would have little impact in extending health benefits to the roughly 30 million uninsured Americans , but would reduce average insurance premium costs for people who have coverage .
The Republican bill , which has no chance of passage , would extend insurance coverage to about 3 million people by 2019 , and would leave about 52 million people uninsured , the budget office said , meaning the proportion of non-elderly Americans with coverage would remain about the same as now , at roughly 83 percent .
The budget office has said that the Democrats ’ health care proposal would extend coverage to 36 million people , meaning that 96 percent of legal residents would have health benefits .
The Democrats ’ bill would cost $ 1.1 trillion , with the costs more than covered by revenues from new taxes or cuts in government spending , particularly on Medicare .
Adds AP :
NEW DELHI 
When 7 - year - old Shiva Ayyadurai left Mumbai with his family nearly 40 years ago , he promised himself he would return to India someday to help his country .
In June , Mr. Ayyadurai , now 45 , moved from Boston to New Delhi hoping to make good on that promise .
An entrepreneur and lecturer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , with a fistful of American degrees , he was the first recruit of an ambitious government program to lure talented scientists of the so - called desi diaspora back to their homeland .
“ It seemed perfect , ” he said recently of the job opportunity .
It was n’t .
As Mr. Ayyadurai sees it now , his Western business education met India ’s notoriously inefficient , opaque government , and things went downhill from there .
Within weeks , he and his boss were at loggerheads .
Last month , his job offer was withdrawn .
Mr. Ayyadurai has moved back to Boston .
In recent years , Mother India has welcomed back tens of thousands of former emigrants and their offspring .
When he visited the United States this week , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh personally extended an invitation “ to all Indian - Americans and nonresident Indians who wish to return home . ”
But , like Mr. Ayyadurai , many Indians who spent most of their lives in North America and Europe are finding they ca n’t go home again .
Imagine you ’re a villager living in southern Afghanistan .
You ’re barely educated , proud of your region ’s history of stopping invaders and suspicious of outsiders .
Like most of your fellow Pashtuns , you generally dislike the Taliban because many are overzealous , truculent nutcases .
Yet you are even more suspicious of the infidel American troops .
You know of some villages where the Americans have helped build roads and been respectful of local elders and customs .
On the other hand , you know of other villages where the infidel troops have invaded homes , shamed families by ogling women , or bombed wedding parties .
You ’re angry that your people , the Pashtuns , traditionally the dominant tribe of Afghanistan , seem to have been pushed aside in recent years , with American help .
Moreover , the Afghan government has never been more corrupt .
The Taliban may be incompetent , but at least they are pious Muslim Pashtuns and reasonably honest .
You were always uncomfortable with foreign troops in your land , but it was n’t so bad the first few years when there were only about 10,000 American soldiers in the entire country .
Now , after President Obama ’s speech on Tuesday , there soon will be 100,000 .
That ’s three times as many as when the president took office , and 10 times as many as in 2003 .
Timothy R. Homan , writing for Bloomberg says GDP Probably Grew as Stimulus Took Hold
The economy in the U.S. probably grew in the third quarter at the fastest pace in two years as government stimulus helped bring an end to the worst recession since the 1930s , economists said before reports this week .
The world ’s largest economy grew at a 3.2 percent pace from July through September after shrinking the previous four quarters , according to the median estimate of 65 economists surveyed by Bloomberg News .
Other reports may show sales of new homes and orders for long - lasting goods increased .
Americans flocked to auto showrooms and real - estate offices last quarter to take advantage of government programs such as “ cash - for - clunkers ” and tax credits for first - time homebuyers .
Growing demand caused stockpiles to keep falling , which will prompt companies to rev up assembly lines and help sustain the recovery into 2010 even as unemployment climbs .
“ The recovery is off to a decent but unspectacular start , ” said Joe Brusuelas , a director at Moody ’s Economy.com in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
“ While another large drawdown in inventories will be a drag on third - quarter growth , it sets the stage for a longer and stronger upturn in manufacturing . ”
Consumer spending last quarter probably jumped at a 3.1 percent annual rate from the previous three months , the biggest gain since the first quarter of 2007 , the GDP report is also projected to show .
September readings on household purchases , due from the Commerce Department on Oct. 30 , may show the quarter ended on a soft note after the Obama administration ’s car incentive expired the month before .
Spending probably fell 0.5 percent last month as car sales slowed after jumping 1.3 percent in August , the biggest gain since 2001 .
The so - called cash - for - clunkers program offered buyers discounts of as much as $ 4,500 to trade in older cars and trucks for new , more fuel - efficient vehicles .
The plan boosted sales by about 700,000 vehicles , according to a Transportation Department estimate .
Homebuyer Credit
The administration ’s $ 787 billion stimulus package , signed into law in February , included an $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time homebuyers that expires at the end of November .
Take Hold Of What ?
Uncle Sam Adds 5 % to Prices of Homes
Uncle Sam ’s interventions in the housing market have pushed home prices 5 % higher on a national average than they would have been otherwise , Goldman Sachs estimates in a report released late Friday .
The government over the past year has slowed the pace of foreclosures through moratoria and the drive to modify mortgage terms to keep more borrowers in their homes .
It also has pumped up demand for housing by giving tax credits to many first - time home buyers and by driving down mortgage interest rates .
As a result , home prices in some areas have risen in recent months , particularly for homes that appeal to investors and first - time buyers .
Bidding wars for the more attractive bank - owned homes have become common .
But these artificial props wo n’t last forever and may have created a false bottom in the market .
“ The risk of renewed home - price declines remains significant , ” Goldman economist Alec Phillips writes in the report , “ and our working assumption is a further 5 % to 10 % decline by mid-2010 . ”
False Bottom Indeed
Shrinking Pool Of Greater Fools
UK Stimulus Dies On Vine
Britain ’s failure to escape the worst recession since World War II may force the Bank of England to increase its bond - purchase plan next month , economists said .
Seven months after Governor Mervyn King ’s central bank started a 175 billion - pound ( $ 286 billion ) program to rescue the economy , the Office for National Statistics said yesterday gross domestic product unexpectedly shrank 0.4 percent in the third quarter .
None of the 33 economists surveyed by Bloomberg predicted a contraction .
The GDP figures “ reopen a serious possibility that the Monetary Policy Committee increases its QE target , ” said Philip Shaw , chief economist at Investec Securities in London , in a note titled “ Champagne Corks Go Back Into Bottles . ”
“ It seems to me inconceivable that the recession is deepening and the housing market is recovering , ” said Steven Bell , chief economist at London - based hedge fund GLC Ltd. and a former U.K. Treasury official .
“ The last refuge of the failed forecaster is to challenge the statistics , but that ’s what I ’m left with . ”
Illusion of Stimulus
I know Romer best for her misinterpretation of what happened in 1937 - 38 .
She believes that the fallback into full - scale depression from ' depression light ' ( as evidenced by unemployment in 1938 almost returning to the highest levels of the depression trough 32/33 ) is proof that it was a mistake to tighten policy ( fiscal and monetary ) too early .
In other words , according to her , if the Fed had continued pumping as furiously as possible , then everything would have been alright .
In reality , the entire inflationary mini - boomlet - within - the - depression was simply an illusion .
' GDP growth ' that is bought with monetary pumping and feckless fiscal spending only misdirects and ultimately consumes even more scarce capital .
Fiscal stimulus may temporarily give the impression of a recovery , but it is not a genuine recovery .
It makes things worse .
The moment the pumping is abandoned , the true state of affairs is simply unmasked .
That is what happened in 37/38 - a slight tightening of monetary policy revealed the fact that the mini- boomlet was as unsound as its predecessor boom in the years prior to the ' 29 crash .
It would not have been possible to hide this reality forever .
There is nothing , absolutely nothing , that government intervention can achieve in terms of ' fixing ' the economy .
The choice was in either abandoning the unsound policy and the unsound investments it produced , or careen toward a complete destruction of the currency system .
Once again , I stand amazed at how people can look at this , and look at Japan , and look at the housing bubble / bust sequence , and still believe that monetary pumping and deficit spending are viable tools of economic policy when a bust occurs .
It really boggles the mind , reminding me of Einstein 's definition of insanity , ' doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result ' .
Champagne Corks To Go Back Into Bottles
The last refuge of the failed forecaster is to challenge the statistics , but that ’s what I ’m left with .
Typical Jim DeMint voter
“ Because of the savings , people who might be wanting a gun may be motivated to get one for that 6 percent off , ” said Jimmy Johnson , owner of B and B Sporting Goods and Pawnshop .
“ We ’ll sell probably three times more guns with the tax - free weekend than we would on any given weekend or even a big holiday weekend . ”
He estimated about 225 people bought guns from his store Friday , a steady stream of customers taking advantage of the discount to buy what they had wanted for a while .
Johnson said last year ’s tax holiday dramatically improved gun sales at B and B .
A crush of people went to Grady ’s Great Outdoors to buy firearms Friday .
A tent was set up in the parking lot so buyers could secure state approvals to buy weapons before the store ’s doors opened .
Funny how vehemently conservatives fought against Thomas Jefferson 's and James Madison 's Bill of Rights -- the first ten amendments to the Constitution ( just in case any modern day conservative should chance upon this post ) .
Between 1789 and 1791 there was practically open warfare over their adoption as representatives of the wealthy elite , like Alexander Hamilton , fought against them as strongly as the 4 radical right Jims -- DeMint , Inhofe , Risch and Bunning -- fight against anything and everything that would in the slightest way help the lives of ordinary Americans .
All the vitriol and predictions of doom in that debate between progressives and reactionaries sounds a lot like the vitriol we 're hearing now over the healthcare bill -- and every other piece of progressive legislation introduced -- only without Fox , Hate Talk Radio and the hundreds of millions of dollars with which corporate America has gamed the system .
Some of those amendments arebeing challenged by conservative elements -- like separation of church and state , due process and speedy public trials with impartial juries " composed of members of the state or judicial district in which the crime occurred . "
Ironically , one of the touchstones of modern day conservatism , the right to form well regulated militias and keep and bear arms , was the second amendment .
( It was rejected by New Jersey , New Hampshire , New York , Pennsylvania , and Rhode Island specifically .
And on top of that Connecticut , Massachusetts and Georgia never ratified the Bill of Rights until 1939 ! )
In any case , South Carolina today is one happy camper of a state that that particular right was passed and is celebrating it this weekend with a suspension of the 6 % state sales tax on weapons .
Black Friday in South Carolina saw an incredible increase in weapons sales -- as well as an increasingly common tragic gun rampage in Florida ; 10,000 people are killed annually by gun loons .
Friday it was 4 unfortunate family members of 35 year old Miami resident and shooter Paul Michael Merhige , including his pregnant sister and her twin , a 6 - year - old cousin and a 79 year old aunt .
Now that 's what I call a Confederate hero !
Actually this was South Carolina 's tax - free weekend for gun sales and other states we should have been happy to see leave the Union long ago have followed suit : Louisiana , Texas and Kentucky .
( Never too late . ) The South Carolina Supreme Court ruled that the legislation authorizing the tax - free gun sale weekends is unconstitutional -- but that certainly did n't stop anyone .
We 're talking abouthere , folks , home of Joe " Liar " Wilson , a state that sane tourists from around the world are starting to avoid because of extremism .
Meanwhile , Mayors Against Illegal Guns , which includes Joe Riley of Charleston , Bob Coble of Columbia and Joe McElveen of Sumter , are pointing out all the terrorists and criminals who get their hands on guns because of idiotic laws like the Tiahrt amendments -- you know , destroying background records in 24 hours , which prevented the FBI from knowing what Hasan was up to at Ft. Hood .
Labels : Constitution of the U.S. , Florida , gun control , James Madison , South Carolina
Melbourne protest for same - sex marriage rights , August 9 , 2009 .
Photo by Benjamin Solah .
By Jess Moore
There are social expectations on everyone , men and women , to act in particular ways based on our sex .
This is bad for everyone because it ’s stifling , but it ’s worse for women and queers .
These gender stereotypes and roles put men first and women second :
Women own less than 2 % of the world ’s titled land and make up 70 % of the world ’s poor .
One in three women experience sexual abuse before the age of 18 .
Ninety - three per cent of sex offenders are male .
About 93 % of adult sexual assault victims are women .
In Australia in 2008 , women earned on average $ 196 per week less than their male counterparts , and were twice as likely to be underemployed than men .
On average , in 2006 , women spent nearly 34 hours a week on household work .
Ninety - five per cent of people with anorexia are women .
Women make up 71 % of primary carers of people who are frail , aged or disabled .
Domestic violence is the leading cause of death and injury to women worldwide .
Gender roles also discriminate against queers :
Young queer people are four times more likely to attempt suicide than heterosexual youth .
Nearly 25 % of queer teens are kicked out of their homes after coming out to their parents .
A study of gay , lesbian and bisexual adults showed 41 % reported having been a victim of a hate crime after the age of 16 .
Forty - two per cent of homeless youth — many of whom have run away from home to escape violence — self - identify as gay / lesbian .
In Australia , same - sex couples still do not have the right to marry .
Women and queers have not always been oppressed .
Their oppression emerged hand - in - hand with the private ownership of wealth and the division of society into classes .
With the rise of the state , which came about to protect the interests of the ruling class , came the rise of the family as one of the key units for organising society .
The means by which the first wealthy classes possessed and protected their private wealth was though the institution of marriage .
The family unit continues to play a central role in maintaining class divisions , enabling the rich to accumulate more and more wealth , and pass it on to their children , and ensuring that the poor remain poor .
Women became valuable property because of their role in producing the next generation .
They became a source of wealth because they alone can produce new human beings and thus more labour power .
So women , and the rights to their offspring , became the property of men .
Women ’s social role was increasingly defined as child bearer and limited to the domestic sphere .
Of course , early capitalists were keen to make quick profits by employing women and children for low wages .
But this meant high child mortality and women having less time and energy to do all the unpaid labour needed to raise the next generation of wage slaves .
The capitalists soon learned that preserving the idea of women ’s primary role being in the home was essential for maintaining profits .
Unpaid work
A 1990 survey by the Australian Bureau of Statistics estimated that women ’s unpaid work in the home — cooking , cleaning , washing and caring for children — is equivalent to 83 % of gross domestic product .
The family reproduces the workforce the system needs at the cheapest price to the capitalist class .
Imagine how much profit capitalists would lose if their workplaces had to provide childcare and food , for example .
Women are drawn into the workforce when extra labour is needed , such as in wartime .
When the economic needs of the system change , women are sent back home “ where they belong ” .
However , because women ’s labour is cheaper than men’s , there is a constant tension between individual capitalists ’ constant search for extra profit and the capitalist system ’s need to maintain gender roles in which women ’s primary work is unpaid domestic labour .
In Australia and most other countries today , women are a permanent part of the workforce , albeit mostly as part - time and casual workers .
Most working - class families depend on two incomes to get by and , as a result of the women ’s liberation movement campaigns in the 1960s and ‘ 70s , there is far more acceptance of the idea of gender equality .
Today , instead of women in general being pushed out of waged work , they are forced to bear a “ double burden ” — as waged worker and unpaid domestic worker .
To ensure that the family unit continues to free the capitalists from having to pay for the maintenance of workers and the care of unproductive members of society ( young children , the elderly and the ill ) , women ’s responsibilities in the home must be reinforced as their primary role .
This is how lower wages , less job security and lower status jobs for women are justified .
In turn , women ’s subordinate position in the workforce , and the constant existence of a “ reserve army ” of women workers that can be drawn on at any time , helps keep down the wages and conditions of the primary wage earners , male workers .
Capitalism also strives to keep women in their place by selling the " beauty myth " .
Women are made to feel that they need to look like the made - up , airbrushed models in magazines and on TV .
They are pressured to pay to have body hair removed , for plastic surgery or to lose weight , even if it causes them ill health .
Women are expected to pay for the right outfits , make - up , perfume , haircut , underwear and jewellery .
It suits the capitalist system to turn women into objects , the expression of their identity into things they can purchase , and their self - worth into the unattainable .
Women are n’t allowed even the elementary right to control their own bodies .
In Australia , abortion is still on the criminal code in most states .
Sexuality
To shore up the capitalist family unit , any expression of sexuality that is not connected , at least potentially , with procreation and the reproduction of labour power must be repressed by the ruling class .
Accepting gay , lesbian or bisexual practices as normal could lead people to conclude that the nuclear family is not humanity 's “ natural ” state , and to challenge the roles assigned to women and the family by capitalism .
The development of capitalism and waged work opened up opportunities for queers to develop pairing relationships based on mutual love because they could be financially independent .
However , by introducing laws criminalising “ buggery ” and “ indecent acts ” between men , the capitalist state ensured that such an undermining of the nuclear family could not happen easily .
Alongside the evolution of captalism , laws and “ moral values ” were developed to criminalise and label as wrong , dirty or unnatural almost every form of human relationship not conducted within the nuclear family .
Transgender people , who do not conform to rigid ideas about what it means to be “ male ” or “ female ” , experience social isolation and discrimination .
Doctors often mutilate intersex people , who are born with atypical combinations of features that usually distinguish male from female , in an attempt to make them conform .
While the family can be one of the few sources of comfort and support for many under capitalism , it plays an important role in perpetuating the social norms that maintain the system .
It teaches children to obey authority , respect their “ superiors ” , be competitive and “ get ahead ” .
It teaches children the “ proper roles ” of girls and boys , and men and women .
It represses and distorts sexuality .
The family can teach these norms a lot more effectively than any other institution because we are taught that this institution is “ private ” and “ natural ” and “ holy ” — in other words “ off limits ” to critics and pressure from the social movements .
Feminism and the fight for queer rights are about achieving complete legal , economic and social equality for all — in the “ private ” and the public spheres of life .
[ Jess Moore is the national coordinator of the Australian socialist youth organisation Resistance , an affiliate of the Socialist Alliance .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 815 , October 28 , 2009 . ]
28th December 2009 , 10:22 am
This post describes a simple way to integrate a function over an interval and get an exact answer .
The question came out of another one , which is how to optimally render a continuous - space image onto a discrete array of pixels .
For anti-aliasing , I ’ll make two simplying assumptions ( to be revisited ) :
Each pixel is a square area .
( With apologies to Alvy Ray Smith . )
Since I can choose only one color per pixel , I want exactly the average of the continuous image over pixel ’s subregion of 2D space .
The average of a function over a region ( here a continuous image over a 2D interval ) is equal to the integral of the function across the region divided by the size ( area for 2D ) of the region .
Since our regions are simple squares , the average and the integral can each be defined easily in terms of the other ( dividing or multiplying by the size ) .
To simplify the problem further , I ’ll consider one - dimensional integration , i.e. , integrating a function of R over a 1D interval .
My solution below involves the least upper bound operator I ’ve written about ( and its specialization unamb ) .
A first simple algorithm
Integration takes a real - valued function and an interval ( low & high ) and gives a real .
integral :: ( R->R ) -> R -> R -> R
Integration has a property of interval additivity , i.e. , the integral of a function from a to c is the sum of the integral from a to b and the integral from b to c .
∀ a b c. integral f a c == integral f a b + integral f b c
which immediately leads to a simple recursive algorithm :
integral f low high = integral f low mid + integral f mid high where mid = ( low + high ) / 2
Extending to 2D is simple : we could divide a rectangular region into four quarter subregions , or into two subregions by splitting the longer dimension .
The quartering variation is very like mipmapping , as used to anti-alias textures .
Mipmapping takes a pixel array and builds a pyramid of successively lower resolution versions .
Each level except the first is constructed out of the previous ( next higher - resolution ) level by averaging blocks of four pixels into one .
The simple integral algorithm above ( extended to 2D ) is like mipmapping when we start with an infinite resolution ( i.e. , continuous ) texture .
Umm …
Maybe you ’re thinking what I ’m thinking : Hey !
We do n’t have a base case , so we wo n’t even get off the ground .
Given that our domain is continuous , I do n’t know what to use for a base case .
So let ’s consider what the purpose of a base case is , and see whether that purpose can be accomplished some other way .
What ’s so important about base cases ?
Does every recursion need a base case in order to avoid being completely undefined ?
Here ’s a counter - example : mapping a function over an infinite stream , taken from the source code of the Stream package .
data Stream a = Cons a ( Stream a ) instance Functor Stream where fmap f ~ ( Cons x xs ) = Cons ( f x ) ( fmap f xs )
The key thing here is that Cons is non-strict in its second argument , which holds the recursive call .
( Definition : a function f is “ strict ” if f ⊥ == ⊥ . )
Non-strictness of if - then - else is exactly what allows more mundane recursions to produce defined ( non -⊥ ) results as well , e.g. ,
fac n = if n <= 0 then 1 else fac ( n - 1 )
In this fac example , if - then - else must be ( and is ) non-strict in its third argument ( the recursive call ) .
So “ base case ” is not the heart of the matter ; non-strictness is .
Finding non-strictness
The trouble with our elegant recursive derivation of integral above is that addition is strict in its arguments ( where the recursive integral calls appear ) .
This strictness means that we cannot get any information at all out of the right - hand side until we get some information out of the recursive calls , which wo n’t happen until we get information out of their recursive calls , ad infinitum .
To escape this information black hole , can we find some scrap of information about the value of the integral that does n’t ( always ) rely on the recursive calls ?
Interval analysis ( IA ) provides an answer .
The idea of IA is to extend functions to apply to intervals of values and produce intervals of results .
The interval versions are sloppy in that a result interval may hold values not corresponding to anything in the source interval .
( In math - speak , a result interval may be a proper superset of the image of the source interval under the function . )
Applying an interval version of the function to the source interval results in lower and upper bounds for f .
The average must be between these bounds , so the integral is bounded by these bounds multiplied by the interval size .
( Or use more sophisticated variations on IA , such as affine analysis , etc. )
Now we have some information .
How can we mix it in with the sum of recursive calls to integral ?
We can use ( ⊔ ) ( least upper bound or “ lub ” ) , which is perfect for the job because its meaning is exactly to combine two pieces of information .
See Merging partial values and Lazier function definitions by merging partial values .
Instead of treating IA as operating on intervals , think of it as operating on “ partial numbers ” , i.e. , inexact values .
Suppose we define a type of numbers that consistently generalizes exact numbers but is additionally populated with inexact values .
type Partial R -- abstract between :: Ord a => a -> a ->
Partial a exact :: a ->
Partial a
Perhaps exact a = between a a .
Now we can escape the black hole :
integral f low high = ( ( high - low ) * f ( between low high ) ) ⊔ ( integral f low mid + integral f mid high ) where mid = ( low + high ) / 2
Representation
One representation of a partial value is an interval .
In this representation , ( ⊔ ) is interval intersection .
type Partial a = ( a , a ) -- first try ( l , h ) ⊔ ( l ' , h ' ) = ( l `max` l ' , h `min` h' )
If the lower and upper bounds are plain old exact numbers , then this choice of representation and ( ⊔ ) has a fatal flaw .
The max and min functions are strict , so ( ⊔ ) can easily produce less information than it is given , while its job is to combine all information present in both arguments .
( For instance , let l == 3 and l ' == ⊥ .
Then l `max` l' == ⊥ , so we ’ve lost the information from l . )
One possible solution is to change the kind of numbers used in the bounds in such a way that max and min are not strict .
Let ’s use two new types , for lower and upper bounds :
type Lower a -- abstract type Upper a -- abstract
These two types also capture partial information about numbers , though they cannot express exact numbers ( other than maxBound and minBound , where available ) .
Now we can represent partial numbers .
type Partial a = ( Lower a , Upper a ) ( l , h ) ⊔ ( l ' , h ' ) = ( l ⊔ l ' , h ⊔ h ' )
Notice that I ’ve replaced both max and min each by ( ⊔ ) .
Now I realize that I only used max and min above as a way of combining the information that the lower and upper bounds ( respectively ) gave us .
The ( ⊔ ) operator states this intention directly .
Pleasantly , we do n’t even have to state this definition , as ( ⊔ ) is already defined this way for pairs .
( Well , not quite ; see Merging partial values . )
Improving values and intervals
This idea for representing partial values is very like what Warren Burton and Ken Jackson called “ improving intervals ” , which is a two - sided version of Warren ’s “ improving values ” ( corresponding to Lower above ) .
( See Encapsulating nondeterminacy in an abstract data type with deterministic semantics ( JFP , 1991 ) and Improving Intervals ( JFP , 1993 ) .
As these papers are hard to find , you might start with Ken Jackson ’s dissertation . )
Warren and Ken represented improving values and intervals as lazy , possibly - infinite lists of improving approximations .
While an improving value is represented as a sequence ( finite or infinite ) of monotonically increasing values , an improving interval is represented as a sequence of monotonically shrinking intervals ( each containing the next ) .
The denotation of one of these improving representations is the limit of the sequence .
Any query for information not specifically present in a partial value would yield ⊥ , just as applying a partial function ( or data structure ) outside its domain yields ⊥.
For instance , one could ask a partial number for successive bits .
If a requested bit cannot be determined from the available bounds , then that bit and all later bits are ⊥ .
Dropping lub
There ’s a subtlety in the second definition of integral above .
My goal is that integral yield a completely defined ( exact ) number .
We can meet this goal for fairly well - behaved functions , since IA gives decreasing errors as input intervals shrink , and the result intervals are multiplied by shrinking interval sizes .
Even discontinuities in the integrated function will be smoothed out , if there are only finitely many , thanks to the multiplication .
Completely defined values are at the tops of the information ordering .
( I ’m assuming we do n’t have the “ over - defined ” ( self - contradictory ) value ⊤.)
The sum of recursive calls is also fully defined , and starter partial value , f ( between low high ) , has strictly less information , i.e. ,
( high - low ) * f ( between low high ) ⊑ integral f low high = integral f low mid + integral f mid high
So we can get by with a less general form of ( ⊔ ) .
If we represent our numbers as lazy lists of improving intervals , then we can simply use ( :) in place of ( ⊔ ) .
Hm .
My reasoning just above is muddled .
I think the crucial property is that
( high - low ) * f ( between low high ) ⊑ ( mid - low ) * f ( between low mid ) + ( high - mid ) * f ( between mid high )
To see why this property holds , first subdivide :
( high - low ) * f ( between low high ) == ( ( mid - low ) + ( high - mid ) ) * f ( between low high ) == ( mid - low ) * f ( between low high ) + ( high - mid ) * f ( between low high )
Next apply information monotonicity , i.e. , more information ( smaller interval ) in yields more information out :
f ( between low high ) ⊑ f ( between low med ) f ( between low high ) ⊑ f ( between med high )
from which the crucial property follows .
Note : the notation is potentially confusing , since smaller intervals means more information , and so ( ⊑ ) means ( ⊇ ) , and ( ⊔ ) means ( ∩ ) .
Efficiency and benign side - effects
There is a serious efficiency problem with this ( lazy ) list - based representation of improving values or intervals , as pointed out by Ken and Warren :
At any point in time , it is really only the tightest bounds currently in the list that are important . [… ]
Hence , the list representation consumes more space than is necessary , and time is wasted examining the out - of - date values in the list .
A better representation , in a language that allows update - in - place , would be a pair consisting of the tightest lower bound and the tightest upper bound found so far .
This pair would be updated - in - place when better bounds become known .
( Improving Intervals , section 5.2 )
The update - in - place suggested here is semantically benign , i.e. , does not compromise pure functional semantics , because it does n’t change the information content .
Instead , it makes that content more efficient to access a second time .
The same sort of semantically benign optimization underlies lazy evaluation , with the run-time system destructively replacing a thunk upon its first evaluation .
This benign - update idea is also explored in Another angle on functional future values .
Averaging vs integration
In practice , I ’d probably rather use a recursive interval average function instead of a recursive integral .
Recall that with the recursive integral , we had to multiply by the interval size at each step .
The intervals get very small , and I worry about having to combine numbers of greatly differing magnitudes .
With a recursive average , the numbers get averaged at each step , which I expect means we ’ll be combining numbers of similar magnitudes .
average f low high = f ( between low high ) ⊔ average f low mid `avg` average f mid high where mid = low `avg` high a `avg` b = ( a + b ) / 2 integral f low high = ( high - low ) * average f low high -- non-recursive
Here ’s a modified form that can apply to higher dimensions as well :
average f iv = f iv ⊔ mean [ average f iv' | iv ' <- subdivide iv ] mean l = sum l / length l integral f iv = size iv * average f iv -- non-recursive
Exact computation
The algorithms described above can easily run afoul of inexact numeric representations , such as Float or Double .
With such representation types , as recursive subdivision progresses , at some point , an interval will be bounded by consecutive representable numbers .
At that point , sub - dividing an interval will result in an empty interval plus the pre-divided interval , and we will stop making progress .
One solution to this problem is use exact number representations .
Another is to use progressively precise inexact representations .
This post describes a simple way to integrate a function over an interval and get an exact answer .
The question came out of another one , which is how to optimally ...
Two Argentinians will this week become the first gay couple in Latin America to get married , following a three - year campaign that pitted politician against politician , overturned laws and angered millions of Catholics
The Beruti register office in the Palermo district of Buenos Aires will never have witnessed a marriage like it .
On Tuesday , Alex Freyre and José María Di Bello , who met three years ago at a conference on HIV , will make history and divide a continent as they become Latin America 's first gay married couple .
The ceremony will be a tribute to their determination as well as their love for each other , after a bitter three - year campaign which has divided a city , outraged Argentina 's powerful Roman Catholic church and overturned the constitution .
Freyre and Di Bello 's forthcoming nuptials have been debated on television , in churches and on the street .
Hostile posters can be found on billboards across the city .
But , in Di Bello 's words , nothing can now prevent him and his partner becoming " husband and husband " .
Not surprisingly , the marriage is already being hailed by equality activists as a significant triumph against the odds in a traditionally macho society .
Argentina – and Latin America in general – is not known for a tolerance of sexual diversity , and violence against gays is an everyday occurrence .
" This marriage is bigger than José María and I , " Freyre told the Observer .
" It is a victory for all who face prejudice and discrimination across Latin America and the Caribbean .
It is proof that at last the grip of the Catholic church is slipping across Latin America , the system that has kept gay communities silent and fearful is crumbling .
What is happening on Tuesday is a strike against those attitudes that have repressed sexual rights across this continent for too long . "
The most controversial marriage in Argentina 's history became possible when a city court judge ruled that it was unconstitutional for civil law to stipulate that a marriage can exist only between a man and a woman .
The marriage licence was granted on 16 November .
Since then , the couple and their lawyers have come under virulent attack from church leaders , who have warned that the marriage could act as the catalyst for the swift decline of the continent 's traditional family values .
The archbishop of Buenos Aires , Jorge Bergoglio , has publicly lashed out at the city 's mayor , Mauricio Macri , who decided not to lodge an appeal against the judge 's decision to grant the marriage licence .
An appeal by the city government against the judge 's ruling would , in effect , have overturned the judge 's decision and stopped the licence being granted .
Bergoglio said that , in failing to act , Macri had " gravely failed " at his task of governing .
For his part , Macri issued a statement saying that he had gone through " an important internal debate " , adding : " We have to live with and accept this reality : the world is moving in this direction . "
He said government officials should " safeguard the right of each person to freely choose with whom they want to form a couple and be happy " .
Anti-Macri posters showing two men kissing and asking " Did you vote Macri for this ? " have been plastered across Buenos Aires in protest at the marriage .
Last week , as media interest in the marriage reached fever pitch , Freyre and Di Bello spent their last days as single men crisscrossing Buenos Aires from TV studio to radio station .
" It 's become so much bigger than us that I forget that I 'm actually getting married and we have n't even arranged anything for the wedding , " said Freyre .
Freyre and Di Bello , both long - term activists and HIV and equality rights campaigners , are now offering their legal team to other couples who want to win the right to marry through city courts .
" What ca n't happen is that this becomes a one - off , " said Freyre .
" We may have won our battle , but we do n't want to be the exception . "
Campaigners are now hoping that gay and lesbian couples in other cities will extend the fight to outside the capital .
Claudio Rosso , a 32 - year - old psychoanalyst from the city of Rosario , believes that the marriage will send a strong message that the law is finally supporting the rights of gay people across the country .
" This can change the way the gay community perceives itself , " said Rosso .
" It will take time for this to have an impact outside of Buenos Aires , but for the gay community in Argentina the feeling that you have the law on your side creates a feeling of positivity and optimism that things can change . "
Although the new judicial ruling sets no precedent beyond this case , lawyers for the couple hope the ruling will increase pressure on lawmakers to debate a gay marriage bill currently deadlocked in Congress .
" This is just one marriage in one city in Latin America , we are very far away from this right being extended across the country , let alone the continent , " said Analia Mariel Mas , the lead lawyer working with the couple .
" Recently , we travelled with a delegation of equality rights campaigners to the north of the country , and had people waving crucifixes at us as if they were seeing Satan in human form .
So there needs to be a change to the national legislation to force through changes and uphold our constitutional rights .
Change wo n't happen if we try to do this case by case . "
No country in Latin America allows gay marriage , although several cities in Mexico and Uruguay have followed Buenos Aires by allowing same - sex civil unions , which grant some of the rights accorded to married heterosexual couples .
Earlier this year , Freyre and Di Bello rejected offers of a civil union , arguing that only marriage would give them the same legal rights and status in the eyes of the law .
" We are citizens , so we are asserting our rights as citizens , " said Freyre .
" We have the right to the same legal status in the eyes of the law and deserve to be given the same legal protection as heterosexual couples . "
Changing articles in Argentina 's civil code to allow same - sex marriage has support among deputies in President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner 's ruling Peronist party , although the president herself has yet to take a stand .
The city is expecting large crowds to gather outside the register office on Tuesday , where plasma screens will broadcast the marriage ceremony .
Security will be tight to deal with protesters .
In the cafes and bars of Buenos Aires , the marriage of Di Bello and Freyre has become a constant topic of conversation .
The city is considered one of Latin America 's " gay - friendly " cities and was the first place there to allow same - sex civil unions in 2002 .
But , for some , gay marriage is still a step too far .
On a corner in Palermo , close to where the wedding will take place , Bruno Cabral , a 42 - year old civil engineer , sent an approving nod in the direction of a bank of anti-Macri posters .
The marriage , he said , was an " abomination " .
" Buenos Aires used to be a city which respected family , which respected traditional ways of life , but now look at what is happening , they are making mockery of marriage , " he said .
" This is n't a city I recognise any more . "
Others see the marriage as a symbol of change for Argentina and for the continent .
The wedding has received general support from the mainstream press , with many people expressing their approval of Freyre and Di Bello 's right to marry .
" To me this marriage is perfect , " said Cecilia Quiles , a 26 - year - old office manager .
" It is only changes like this which will move us to a place where we are all respecting each other .
Those who call this marriage unnatural or wrong are living in the past .
We are moving on . "
Freyre and Di Bello say they will be relieved when the spotlight moves elsewhere after Tuesday 's ceremony .
" We have people calling us every day saying we are their heroes , people we do n't know crying on the phone saying that Tuesday will be the best day of their life , " said Freyre .
" But we wo n't want to be heroes , all we wanted to do was get married .
And now we 've brought a little rainbow to Latin America , it 's time for others to take up the banner as well and make us not the exception but the rule . "
A federal appeals court in Washington , D.C. , heard arguments last week about whether police should have to get a warrant before putting a GPS device on a suspect ’s car .
It is a cutting - edge civil liberties question that has divided the courts that have considered it .
GPS devices give the government extraordinary power to monitor people ’s movements .
The Washington court should rule that a warrant is required .
Antoine Jones was charged with being part of an interstate drug conspiracy .
The government obtained evidence against Mr. Jones by putting a GPS device on his Jeep .
It obtained a court order to install the GPS device , but the defense said the order was faulty , and tried to get the evidence collected by the device thrown out .
The government responded that the evidence was admissible because it did not need to get a court order at all .
The Supreme Court has not considered the question of whether the police need a court order to install a GPS device .
The government has tried to draw an analogy to a 1983 case in which the court ruled that the police do not need a warrant to use a radio beeper to track a vehicle on public roads , but the circumstances were different .
In that case , the police were conducting visual surveillance of a particular suspect ’s movements , and a beeper augmented the officers ’ senses .
A modern GPS device is a far more potent means of tracking people than a beeper .
Lower courts have reached different conclusions .
A panel of the Chicago - based United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit ruled in 2007 that a warrant is not required for remote surveillance by a GPS device , although it said that if the police began to use the technique on a large scale it might violate the Fourth Amendment .
AACHEN , Germany , Dec. 14 ( UPI ) --
Authorities in Germany said two shoppers were hospitalized following a brawl involving the use of salami and Parmesan cheese as weapons .
Police in Aachen said the incident began Saturday when a 74 - year - old man and a 35 - year - old woman engaged in a tug - of - war over an empty cart in the parking lot of a supermarket , Britain 's The Daily Telegraph reported Monday .
Advertisement
The woman 's 24 - year - old brother punched the other man to the ground and the siblings proceeded into the store with their 53 - year - old mother .
The man followed the trio into the store and attacked the 24 - year - old using salami as a club .
The mother used a piece of sharp Parmesan as a knife to jab at the man and she cracked her head on a glass counter top during the struggle .
Police said two of those involved in the fight were treated at a hospital for minor injuries .
They did not say whether charges would be filed as a result of the incident .
Investigators said tensions were high at the busy supermarket due to a shortage of shopping carts .
There has been a sharp decline over the past year in the percentage of Americans who say there is solid evidence that global temperatures are rising .
And fewer also see global warming as a very serious problem — 35 % say that today , down from 44 % in April 2008 .
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Sept. 30 - Oct. 4 among 1,500 adults reached on cell phones and landlines , finds that 57 % think there is solid evidence that the average temperature on earth has been getting warmer over the past few decades .
In April 2008 , 71 % said there was solid evidence of rising global temperatures .
Over the same period , there has been a comparable decline in the proportion of Americans who say global temperatures are rising as a result of human activity , such as burning fossil fuels .
Just 36 % say that currently , down from 47 % last year .
The decline in the belief in solid evidence of global warming has come across the political spectrum , but has been particularly pronounced among independents .
Just 53 % of independents now see solid evidence of global warming , compared with 75 % who did so in April 2008 .
Republicans , who already were highly skeptical of the evidence of global warming , have become even more so : just 35 % of Republicans now see solid evidence of rising global temperatures , down from 49 % in 2008 and 62 % in 2007 .
Fewer Democrats also express this view — 75 % today compared with 83 % last year .
Despite the growing public skepticism about global warming , the survey finds more support than opposition for a policy to set limits on carbon emissions .
Half of Americans favor setting limits on carbon emissions and making companies pay for their emissions , even if this may lead to higher energy prices ; 39 % oppose imposing limits on carbon emissions under these circumstances .
This issue has not registered widely with the public .
Just 14 % say they have heard a lot about the so - called “ cap and trade ” policy that would set carbon dioxide emissions limits ; another 30 % say they have heard a little about the policy , while a majority ( 55 % ) has heard nothing at all .
The small minority that has heard a lot about the issue opposes carbon emissions limits by two - to - one ( 64 % to 32 % ) .
More Republicans ( 20 % ) and independents ( 17 % ) than Democrats ( 8 % ) have heard a lot about cap and trade .
Among the much larger group that has head little or nothing about the issue , most support it ( 50 % little , 58 % nothing ) .
With less than two months before the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , a majority ( 56 % ) of Americans think the United States should join other countries in setting standards to address global climate change while 32 % say that the United States should set its own standards .
Shifts on Global Warming
Opinions about global warming changed little between 2006 and 2008 .
In August 2006 and January 2007 , 77 % said there was solid evidence that the earth ’s temperatures were increasing ; that figure fell modestly to 71 % in April of last year .
Among those who saw solid evidence of global warming , most said it was largely caused by human activity , such as burning fossil fuels ; in all three of those surveys , 47 % of the public expressed this view .
Far smaller percentages — including just 18 % in 2008 — said it was mostly caused by natural environmental patterns .
Currently , 57 % say there is solid evidence of rising global temperatures , while 33 % say there is no solid evidence .
Fewer than four - in - ten ( 36 % ) now say global warming is mostly caused by human activity such as burning fossil fuels , while 16 % say it is occurring mostly because of natural environmental patterns .
A majority ( 53 % ) of independents say there is solid evidence of warming , including 33 % who say it is mostly caused by human activity .
But this is far lower than in April 2008 when 75 % said global warming was happening and 50 % said it was due to human activity .
The proportion of Republicans saying there is solid evidence of global warming declined from 62 % in 2007 to 49 % in 2008 .
The balance of opinion among Republicans has shifted , with a majority ( 57 % ) now saying there is no hard evidence of global warming .
The drop among moderate and liberal Republicans has been particularly steep ; 41 % now say there is solid evidence of global warming , compared with 69 % last year .
The decline among conservative Republicans has been more modest ( from 43 % to 32 % ) .
Opinions among Democrats have changed less .
Three - quarters of Democrats ( 75 % ) say there is solid evidence the earth is warming , including 50 % who say that it is mostly because of human activity .
In April 2008 , 83 % of Democrats said the earth is warming and 58 % attributed it to human actions .
More liberal Democrats than conservative and moderate Democrats say the earth is warming ( 83 % vs. 72 % ) , and far more liberal Democrats say that global warming is caused by human activity ( 69 % vs. 43 % ) .
There also are strong regional differences in opinions about global warming ; fewer people living in the Mountain West ( 44 % ) and the Midwest ( 48 % ) say there is solid evidence of warming than in other regions .
Similarly , there have been sharp declines since April 2008 in the proportion who say the earth is warming in the Mountain West ( 75 % to 44 % ) and the Great Lakes region ( 69 % to 49 % ) .
Both regions have also seen large drops in the percentage who say that warming is caused by human activity .
( For a breakdown of states and regions , see “ About the Survey ” on pewresearch.org / politics . )
Fewer See Warming as Very Serious Problem
A majority ( 65 % ) of the public continues to view global warming as a very ( 35 % ) or somewhat ( 30 % ) serious problem .
But in April 2008 , 73 % expressed this view , including 44 % who thought it was a very serious problem .
About a third ( 32 % ) says global warming is not too serious ( 15 % ) or not a problem at all ( 17 % ) .
Last year , 24 % said it was little or no problem .
From 2006 to 2008 , these numbers had been quite stable .
Partisan differences also are evident on evaluations of the seriousness of global warming .
About half ( 49 % ) of Democrats say global warming is a very serious problem , down from 57 % in April 2008 .
Far fewer conservative and moderate Democrats say global warming is a serious problem than did so last year , widening the gap between them and liberal Democrats .
Currently , 39 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say it is a very serious problem compared with 70 % of liberal Democrats .
A third of independents now say global warming is a very serious problem , a decline of 13 points from last year .
Only 14 % of Republicans say that global warming is a very serious problem , down from 22 % in April 2008 .
Just 20 % of moderate and liberal Republicans now say that global warming is a very serious problem , down from 35 % last year .
Only 10 % of conservative Republicans now say global warming is a very serious problem .
People living in the Midwest ( 30 % ) and the Mountain West ( 26 % ) are the least likely to view global warming as a very serious problem .
There have been modest declines across regions , but they are particularly steep in the West ( 52 % April 2008 to 36 % now ) .
Young people are now far more likely than older Americans to view global warming as a very serious problem .
Across all age groups , except those younger than age 30 , the percent who think warming is a very serious problem has declined since April 2008 .
As expected , views about the seriousness of global warming are also related to whether people think there is solid evidence the earth is warming and whether it is human caused .
A third of those who do not think there is solid evidence of global warming say it is a very or somewhat serious problem , while 65 % say it is not too serious or not a problem at all .
By comparison , 65 % of those who say that the warming is mostly caused by natural patterns in the earth ’s environment say global warming is at least a somewhat serious problem .
Nearly all ( 97 % ) who think the earth is warming mostly because of human activity say it is a problem .
These numbers are largely unchanged from April 2008 .
In January 2009 , global warming ranked at the bottom of the public ’s list of policy priorities for the president and Congress this year .
Only 30 % of the public said it should be a top priority , down from 35 % a year ago .
More than twice as many Democrats ( 45 % ) as Republicans ( 16 % ) rank global warming as a top priority , along with 25 % independents .
Global warming is the lowest - rated priority for both independents and Republicans and ranks sixteenth for Democrats among 20 issues .
Cap and Trade Barely Registers
As the health care debate has dominated the public ’s attention , awareness about cap and trade legislation is quite low .
A majority ( 55 % ) of the public has heard nothing at all about the cap and trade policy being considered by the president and Congress that would set limits on carbon dioxide emissions .
Only 14 % have heard a lot and 30 % a little about this policy .
More Republicans ( 20 % ) and independents ( 17 % ) than Democrats ( 8 % ) have heard a lot about cap and trade although more Democrats have heard a little .
Conservative Republicans are hearing the most ; more than a quarter have heard a lot ( 28 % ) about the policy .
More people who say there is no solid evidence of global warming have heard a lot about cap and trade than those who think temperatures are rising ( 24 % vs. 10 % ) .
But more of those who say that warming is caused mostly by human activity have heard a little about the proposed policy than those who say there is no evidence of warming ( 36 % vs. 27 % ) .
The most recent survey of the public ’s knowledge by the Pew Research Center , released Oct. 14 , found that just 23 % of the public could correctly identify that the cap and trade legislation being discussed in Congress deals with energy and the environment ; 48 % were unsure and 29 % said incorrectly that it deals with health care , banking reform or unemployment .
More Republicans ( 27 % ) and independents ( 29 % ) correctly identify cap and trade as dealing with energy and the environment than Democrats ( 15 % ) .
Carbon Emissions Limits Favored
Half of the public favors setting limits on carbon dioxide emissions and making companies pay for their emissions , even if it may mean higher energy prices .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) oppose this and 11 % are unsure or do not offer an opinion .
Conservative Republicans are the only political group in which a majority ( 60 % ) opposes setting limits on carbon dioxide emissions .
Most moderate and liberal Republicans ( 51 % ) favor this policy , as do an identical percentage of independents and a majority of Democrats ( 58 % ) .
There also are wide regional differences in opinions about cap and trade .
More people living near the Pacific coast ( 62 % ) and the Northeast ( 56 % ) favor limiting carbon emissions , even if it may mean higher energy prices than those living in the South ( 46 % ) , Midwest ( 44 % ) and Mountain West ( 42 % ) .
More college graduates favor this policy than those with a high school education or less ( 59 % vs. 43 % ) , but there are very few differences by age .
Opinion about cap and trade is related to views about global warming .
About three - fourths ( 74 % ) of those who think the earth is warming and it is mostly caused by human activity favor cap and trade legislation .
By comparison , 41 % of those who say warming is due to natural patterns in the earth ’s environment favor limiting carbon emissions .
But even 31 % of those who say there is no solid evidence of rising temperatures favor cap and trade .
Public Supports Global Initiatives
A majority ( 56 % ) of Americans thinks the United States should join other countries in setting standards to address global climate change while 32 % say the U.S. should set its own standards ; 5 % say neither and 6 % are unsure .
These numbers are similar to those in 2001 and 1997 when the public was asked about setting standards to improve the global environment .
More Democrats ( 66 % ) than independents ( 53 % ) or Republicans ( 47 % ) say the U.S. should join other countries in setting standards to address global climate change .
Three - quarters of those who say the earth is warming mostly because of human activity think the U.S. should join with other countries in setting standards to address global climate change .
By comparison , 51 % of those who say warming is due to natural patterns in the earth ’s environment and 42 % who say the earth is not warming think the U.S. should join other countries in setting standards to address climate change .
View the topline and survey methodology at pewresearch.org / politics .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
12/10/2009
♪ All NOM wants for Christmas is to front for grief ♪
by Jeremy Hooper
LGBT people , you better wake up and wake up fast !
Because if you do n't see this latest bit noxious rhetoric from the National Organization For Marriage 's Brian Brown as an act of war against our lives and loves , then you simply are n't paying attention :
With your help , I firmly believe that 2010 will be the year in which the gay marriage movement cedes momentum back to the defenders of right and decency in our society .
Shocked by consecutive defeats deep in blue state territory , gay marriage activists must now regroup and rethink their strategy .
...
In 2010 , we will likely see an effort to repeal the federal Defense of Marriage Act .
We have now proven at the state level that your phone calls and emails , especially when they number in the tens of thousands , are a powerful voice that legislators can't ignore .
Next year , we need to take that state model and expand it nationally , identifying thousands of pro-marriage activists in every congressional district across the country .
We want each of the 435 members of Congress to know that their own constituents are ready and waiting , even on a moment 's notice , to stand up and speak out for marriage -- and that if they mess with marriage , they do so at their own electoral peril .
" Hatred " is not a term we use lightly here at G - A - Y .
But it is simply undeniable : NOM is fomenting hatred against us wherever and whenever they can .
For those of us who managed to crawl through the marriage window :
They want to crawl into our homes and rip up our certified licenses .
For those of us who simply want to live and let live :
They want to add a parenthetical " ( just as long as its by the terms of anti-gay Christianity ) " at the end of that concept .
And regardless of where you stand : NOM wants you to believe that they are the " defenders of right and decency , " which obviously puts up in the opposite army .
Think about that for a second .
Without knowing you , your family , or your values , Maggie Gallagher , Brian Brown , Robert George , and the rest of NOM 's shame propagators are calling you indecent , immoral , unrighteous , and deserving of national hostility !
And they are doing it in the name of Jesus .
♪ Joy to the world , the Lord has come ...♪
Here at the end of year , at what should be a time of peace , this Catholic group ( Maggie , Brian , and Robbie are all devout ) is seeking the advent of a more homo - hostile American than we have ever known .
If that scares the shit out of you , then good .
Because if we do n't prove we can do more than show up at rallies , then the period between now and our inevitable victory could come at a great cost .
** Brian 's full email :
Your thoughts
Vile creeps .
Sorry , I have nothing constructive to add .
I just needed to get that off my chest .
Posted by : Baron Scarpia | Dec 10 , 2009 6:30:40 PM
Prions on the nervous system of civilized society .
Every one of them .
When the oppurtunity presents itself , I will piss on Maggie and Brian 's graves .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Dec 10 , 2009 7:10:54 PM
Douche bags .
All of them .
Posted by : John Ozed | Dec 10 , 2009 7:19:51 PM
My family and I have been standing against NOM for some time now and nothing they can do will ever change that .
I truly believe that 2010 will be more progress for the LGBT community .
Not only will more states recognize our right to marry but more states will make sure we are n't discriminated in our jobs and housing , and that our relationships need protection too .
NOM can pull shit out of their asses and claim that gay marriage is bad for society .
They do n't speak for everyone .
I , personally , have seen the good in gay marriage .
My family and I know that this fight is worth it .
We may lose battles from time to time but as long as there is hope and a dream where everyone is equal under the law , it will be worth seeing NOM go down in defeat and I want to be around to see that happen .
Seeing us win or even seeing a strong percentage of the people ( 48 % in California and 47 % in Maine ) is enough to know that this fight is worth it .
Equality , including marriage , for everyone !!!
Posted by : Sam | Dec 10 , 2009 7:50:51 PM
Hope you all are working on the Pink Triangles you will need to sew on your clotes soon .
Even the silent CLOSETED ones , you know , as we could soon have a Uganda like law that makes it illegal to be a Closeted HOMO .... are you listening / wathcing Anderson ?
Keep trying to bend over and ' be nice . ' and that is exactly where we are headed .
Get loud Get Proud and fight back OR ELSE .
Posted by : LOrion | Dec 10 , 2009 8:22:07 PM
Also want to add that we need some BIG BIG celebrity weddings promoted in NH in JAN if possible .
Especially if there are many happy contented married couples from MASS , CONN , CANADA as guests !!!
I know people do n't want their private celebrations to become ' politicized ' but we NEED some happiness showing .
Where were all the fifth ANNIV Mass parties ?
or are n't they ?
etc etc etc .
Posted by : LOrion | Dec 10 , 2009 8:28:11 PM
They can claim all the victories they want .
We are winning the war .
4 states legalized marriage .
DC on the way
Civil unions in WA - we won the popular vote , NV - the legislature overrode a governor 's veto
24 senators and the majority of Assembly members voting for marriage equality in NY ( even though we lost that battle , we still have legislators voting in our favor )
Despite what may have happened over the last 6 weeks , 2009 turned out to be a pretty good year for the LGBT community .
Posted by : stojef | Dec 10 , 2009 9:42:46 PM
I see nothing in their message says anything about banning Divorce .
Posted by : Jae'da | Dec 10 , 2009 10:28:38 PM
Maggie and Brian are miserable twats who deserve every bad thing that can befall a human being .
They should be on the SPLCs list of anti-gay hate groups .
Why are n't they ?
Posted by : Mykelb | Dec 11 , 2009 3:56:49 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Woman arrested over demands that Monroe couple have 3 - way sex
Anna Bambino , 30 , of Waterbury , is shown in this photo taken from her MySpace page .
Anna Bambino , 30 , of Waterbury , is shown in this photo taken from her MySpace page .
Photo : MySpace.com Photo : MySpace.com
Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Woman arrested over demands that Monroe couple have 3 - way sex 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
MONROE -- A Waterbury woman has been charged with repeatedly calling a local female resident to demand that she and her husband join her in a sexual " threesome . "
Anna Bambino , 30 , of Pierpont Road , Waterbury , was charged Friday with breach of peace .
She was released on a written promise to appear in court .
Bambino called the couple 's home about a half - dozen times , police said .
Bambino , who is acquainted with the Monroe woman through a mutual friend , in each of the calls suggested the woman and her husband have three - way sex with her , police said
After officers confronted Bambino , she confessed to making the calls , police said .
However , she claimed to have been intoxicated at the time , according to the police report .
A new BBC kids ' show which spoofs The X Factor .
Chief judge for the Zoo Factor series is Clive , a vain , lazy lion who eats the acts who do not make the grade at auditions - like these two meerkats who seem to be based on Jedward
Credit : PA
There 's a reason that they are deeply concerned .
The Introduction quotes Charles Darwin saying that blacks are closer to gorillas than whites and that natural selection has left men more intelligent than women .
It also has quotes from Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf showing Hitler 's undeniable links to evolution .
Of course , Hitler also used Christianity to further his political agenda , but my point is that Nazi Germany was the natural outcome of what Darwin called " one general law . "
Darwin said the law of natural selection is " Let the strongest live and the weakest die " ( Chapter Seven , " Instinct " ) .
Adolf Hitler put the theory of Darwinism into practice .
The Introduction also defines an atheist as someone who believes that nothing created everything — which is a scientific impossibility .
Professor Dawkins believes that nothing created everything , and his belief is a big intellectual embarrassment to his followers .
Now , anyone can get their own copy of the book on Amazon.com and read the Introduction , but do n't be fooled by the comments .
No doubt they will be hijacked by atheists .
When my book You Can Lead an Atheist to Evidence But You Can't Make Him Think bumped Richard Dawkins 's
The God Delusion on Amazon.com in the atheist category , hundreds of angry atheists left scathing comments on Amazon.com and gave my book the lowest rating .
So , is this book going to be a backward step for science , as some have maintained ?
Of course not .
Science is a wonderful discipline , to which we are deeply indebted .
It will , however , be a backward step for the pseudo science of Darwinian evolution , of which there is no empirical proof .
There are no species - to - species transitional forms in the fossil record .
None .
I deal with hundreds of atheists every day through my blog , so I can predict the response : " Of course there are fossils !
There are millions of fossils , you unscientific idiot ! ! "
They are right .
There are millions of fossils , but they are the fossils of God 's creation and have nothing to do with evolution .
Again , there are no species - to - species transitional forms in the fossil record .
That 's what is called " the missing link . "
It was missing in Darwin 's day , and it 's still missing today .
When believers in evolution protest that there are links between " kinds , " a close look at their evidence reveals small bumps on whale bones ( proving it once had legs ) , or experiments with bacteria , or conjecture that modern turkeys were once dinosaurs .
Sure .
The problem when arguing with those who believe in atheistic evolution is that they move goal posts by redefining atheism or evolution or the word species .
From Darwin to Dawkins , they speak the language of speculation , continually using words like probably , maybe , perhaps , and could ' ve .
And Darwinism is as nebulous as a puffy cloud on a hot windy day , forever moving , changing , and expanding — because its bounds are limited only by the fertile human imagination .
When we give away
On the Origin of Species to university students , I want every one of them to make sure they do n't stop at the Introduction .
I want them to thoroughly read On the Origin of Species .
When I read the book , I was very impressed with the brilliance of Charles Darwin .
If he was alive today , I am sure that he would quickly rise to the top of Disney 's imagineers or earn big bucks as a Hollywood screenwriter for science - fiction movies .
Among other things , Darwin noted that black bears swam for hours with their mouths open , catching insects in the water .
He believed that if they kept their mouths open all day , every day ( for a long period of time ) , that they would acquire " larger and larger mouths , until a creature was produced as monstrous as a whale " ( Chapter Six , " Difficulties on Theory " ) .
Students can read Darwin's own explanation as to why there is no empirical evidence for his theory — that all " intermediate varieties " have disappeared — just like the Mormons ' golden plates that the angel Moroni supposedly gave to Joseph Smith .
There 's one big difference , though , between the golden plates and the intermediate varieties .
The Mormons say that only two golden plates are missing .
Darwin says that millions of fossils ( what he referred to as " innumerable , " ibid. ) are missing .
After 150 years of desperate searching , the missing links are still — missing .
In Darwin 's book , nothing is as God created it .
Instead , all of creation miraculously evolved — from the bear 's mouth to the giraffe 's tail .
For some reason , it has all reached the point of maturity during our lifetime and ( after millions of years of redundancy ) now functions as it was intended .
Move over , J. R. R. Tolkien , Arthur C. Clarke , and J. K. Rowling .
These three combined do n't hold a candle to Charles Darwin .
Most of their fans know that their writings were fantasy .
Darwin 's faithful followers do n't .
Tarek Mehanna allegedly travelled to the Middle East to seek terror training A man has been charged with terrorism - related offences that include plotting to kill people in a US shopping centre , the US Justice Department says .
Tarek Mehanna , 27 , was held in Sudbury , a suburb of Boston , Massachusetts , and charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists .
He is also accused of plotting to kill two US politicians and people overseas , and of seeking terrorist training .
At least two other co-conspirators were involved , officials said .
One was named as Ahmad Abousamra , who the authorities say is now in Syria .
Mr Mehanna , who is reported to be a US citizen , was arrested at his home on Wednesday morning .
' Violent jihad '
Detailing the charge against Mr Mehanna , US prosecutors accused him and his alleged co-conspirators of discussing how to obtain automatic weapons before " randomly shooting people in a shopping mall " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
They allegedly discussed " the logistics of a mall attack , including co-ordination , weapons needed and the possibility of attacking emergency responders " , acting US Attorney Michael Loucks said .
However , the plan was eventually abandoned , prosecutors said , because the conspirators could not get hold of the necessary weapons .
The charge alleges that from about 2001 to May 2008 , Mr Mehanna conspired with others , plotting to provide material support and resources for use in carrying out a conspiracy to kill , kidnap , maim or injure persons or damage property in a foreign country and the killing of US nationals outside the US .
RECENT US TERROR ARRESTS 21 Oct : Tarek Mehanna , 27 , from Massachusetts , is charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists 24 Sept : Jordanian Hosam Maher Husein Smadi , 19 , is arrested in Dallas , Texas , on suspicion of attempting to blow up a skyscraper in the city using a car bomb 24 Sept : Michael Finton , also known as Talib Islam , is arrested after allegedly attempting to detonate a car bomb outside a courthouse in Springfield , Illinois 19 Sept : Najibullah Zazi , 24 , an Afghan living in Denver , is arrested on suspicion of plotting to carry out bomb attacks in New York ; his father Mohammed is accused of lying to officials
No connection has been made between any of the alleged plots " They discussed their desire to participate in violent jihad against American interests and that they would talk about fighting jihad and their desire to die on the battlefield , " he said .
They allegedly attempted to inspire each other and radicalise others by watching and distributing jihadi videos .
Mr Mehanna and two of his associates also allegedly travelled to the Middle East in February 2004 hoping to attend a terrorist training camp , with the aim of fighting US and allied forces in Iraq , but did not succeed in finding one to join .
A justice department document said that while " some of these plans involved no more than one or two conversations , at least one involved multiple conversations , discussions and preparations " .
Mr Mehanna was previously arrested in 2006 , when he was charged with lying to the FBI about the whereabouts of Daniel Maldonado , a man convicted of training alongside al - Qaeda members , Associated Press reported .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mortgage expert and one - time Fannie Mae Chief Credit Officer Edward Pinto blasts the claim that 500,000 homeowners have entered into HAMP ( Home Affordable Modification Program ) .
Based on comments being made by industry participants and program results to date , HAMP is rapidly becoming : I will pretend to modify your loan if you pretend that you will make the payments .
On October 9 Treasury Secretary Geithner announced that the Obama administration ’s HAMP had enrolled its 500,000 participant .
However , only about 1200 borrowers have entered the permanent modification phase ; with the balance being in the 3 - 5 month trial period .
This is in spite of the fact that there were 200,000 trials in progress back in July .
The reason for this snail like progress is , in an effort to reach its previously announced target of 500,000 modifications by November 1 , program documentation guidelines were loosened .
According to Michael Young , vice chairman of the Mortgage Bankers Association , 99 % of the loan modification packages are incomplete .
This has led to speculation that many of the 500,000 will never submit the necessary documentation or will not qualify .
Also of concern is the expected dropout of a sizable number of qualified borrowers who fail to make all the payments required during the trial period .
This fear has been heightened by the concern of some servicers that borrowers will use the trial period to game the foreclosure process and delay their own foreclosures by another 5 or 6 months .
Finally , in an effort to get more modifications approved , unemployment compensation will be counted ( see attachment ) .
The number of permanent modifications resulting from these 500,000 trial modifications could be low as 100,000 - 200,000 .
Finally , at a 50 % ultimate redefault failure rate , only 50,000 - 100,000 performing loans will result .
At this success rate , it is mathematically impossible for the administration to meet its announced goal of keeping 3 to 4 million Americans in their homes by preventing avoidable foreclosures with loan modifications .
To do so would require putting 15 - 30 million loans into trial modifications to reach the stated goal .
Meanwhile , the DOL 's announcement about counting unemployment benefits as income is here .
Pinto HAMP Counting Unemployment Benefits as Income
Matthew Yglesias catches Eugene Fama making a strange assertion :
Beginning in the early 1980s , the developed world and some big players in the developing world experienced a period of extraordinary growth .
It ’s reasonable to argue that in facilitating the flow of world savings to productive uses around the world , financial markets and financial institutions played a big role in this growth .
The assertion about developed countries is , of course , entirely wrong .
From Angus Maddison ’s dataset :
And as Matt points out , the giant success story in the developing world was China , where the driver was the end of Communism — not modern finance .
Actually , it ’s even more absurd to give finance the credit than Matt realizes : China has not been experiencing net inflows of capital , partly because it has maintained capital controls , effectively insulating itself from the whole finance thing .
So why does Fama believe that something wonderful happened around 1980 ?
Part of it , I suspect , is that in his milieu the politically correct thing is to pretend that nothing good happened until Reagan came along .
And this has a truly weird effect in the American context : the best quarter - century of growth America has ever experienced , the postwar generation — which happens to be the era during which many of the founders of neoconservatism came of age ! — has gone down the memory hole .
After all , it ’s impossible that living standards would double under a regime of high marginal tax rates , generous minimum wages , and strong unions .
So it just did n’t happen .
Regular Liquor Brandy
None half an ounce one ounce 1½ ounces 2 ounces Gin None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Rum None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Tequila None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Vodka None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Whiskey None half an ounce one ounce 1½ ounces 2 ounces
Fizz tonic water None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Coke None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Ginger Ale None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Soda None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Red Bull None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Champagne None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Beer None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces
Mixing Liquor Blue Curaçao
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Butterscotch Schnapps None half an ounce one ounce 1½ ounces 2 ounces Chambord None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Creme de Menthe None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Creme de Cassis None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Creme de Cacao None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Lemoncello
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Kirschwasser None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Midori None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Peach Schnapps
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces peppermint schnapps
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces pomegranate liqueur None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Triple Sec None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Sour Apple None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces
Garnishes
cherry
lemon
lime
angostura bitters
cocktail onion
pineapple
salt
sugar
big olive
no 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 mint leaves
Special Liquor Amaretto
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces Cointreau None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Cachaca Rum None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Captain Morgan 's Spiced Rum None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Frangelico
None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Grand Marnier None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Irish Creme None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Jagermeister None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Kahlua None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Malibu Rum None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Ouzo None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Tuaca None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Sloe Gin None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Vermouth None half an ounce one ounce 1½ ounces 2 ounces
Mixes Grenadine
None half an ounce one ounce 1½ ounces 2 ounces Cream None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces Coconut Cream None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Simple Syrup None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces Sweet & Sour None half an ounce one ounce 1 ½ ounces 2 ounces 3 ounces 4 ounces 5 ounces
Drink Name
Mixing Instructions and Comments
Combine in a glass
One of those groups is largest pension fund in the country , the California Public Employees Retirement System , which filed a lawsuit in state court in California in July , claiming that “ wildly inaccurate ratings ” had led to roughly $ 1 billion in losses .
Image Richard Cordray , Ohio ’s attorney general , sued the nation ’s largest credit rating agencies , alleging that they cost the state ’s pension funds $ 457 million by approving securities that went bust .
Credit ... Kiichiro Sato / Associated Press
And more litigation is likely .
As part of a broader financial reform , Congress is considering provisions that make it easier for plaintiffs to sue rating agencies .
And the Ohio attorney general ’s action raises the possibility of similar filings from other states .
California ’s attorney general , Jerry Brown , said in September that his office was investigating the rating agencies , with an eye toward determining “ how these agencies could get it so wrong and whether they violated California law in the process . ”
As a group , the attorneys general have proved formidable opponents , most notably in the landmark litigation and multibillion - dollar settlement against tobacco makers in 1998 .
To date , however , the rating agencies are undefeated in court , and aside from one modest settlement in a case 10 years ago , no one has forced them to hand over any money .
Moody ’s , S.& P. and Fitch have successfully argued that their ratings are essentially opinions about the future , and therefore subject to First Amendment protections identical to those of journalists .
But that was before billions of dollars in triple - A rated bonds went bad in the financial crisis that started last year , and before Congress extracted a number of internal e-mail messages from the companies , suggesting that employees were aware they were giving their blessing to bonds that were all but doomed .
In one of those messages , an S.& P. analyst said that a deal “ could be structured by cows and we ’d rate it . ”
Recent cases , like the suit filed Friday , are founded on the premise that the companies were aware that investments they said were sturdy were dangerously unsafe .
And if analysts knew that they were overstating the quality of the products they rated , and did so because it was a path to profits , the ratings could forfeit First Amendment protections , legal experts say .
“ If they hold themselves out to the marketplace as objective when in fact they are influenced by the fees they are receiving , then they are perpetrating a falsehood on the marketplace , ” said Rodney A. Smolla , dean of the Washington and Lee University School of Law .
“ The First Amendment does n’t extend to the deliberate manipulation of financial markets . ”
I ’m going to make a bit of an exception today .
There were other newsworthy items after my heart ( Jason Stackhouse — yes , you read that right — sent me an intriguing link on insect intelligence , and who could resist the creation of the first cat - based AI ? ) .
But I ’ve decided instead to weigh in on this UCR e-mail hack that ’s got the climate - change denialists wetting themselves so gleefully .
I rarely mention climate - change issues in the ‘ crawl because I like to reserve these pixels for cool stuff , cutting edges that may or may not pan out , findings of interest ( and frequently , of contention ) .
Anthropogenic Climate Change has n’t qualified for years ; the science is settled , the effect is real , and the only uncertainty among the folks who actually know their shit is whether we ’re in for a bad ride or a downright catastrophic one .
The “ debate ” , such as it is , is political and entirely dishonest at its heart .
Climate - change skeptics like to portray themselves as a feisty rebel alliance speaking truth to power , up against a colossal green propaganda machine calling all the shots — a little like the way Glen Beck and Bill O’Reilly like to portray US Christians as an endangered species .
Anyone familiar with the Bush administration ’s environmental censorship of NASA , the EPA , and its own military knows how ridiculous that is .
I have better things to do than research every objection raised by ( as Bruce Sterling calls them ) shortsighted sociopathic morons who do n’t want to lose any money .
( I would recommend How to Talk to a Climate Change Skeptic , however , to anyone who does want to fit a couple of denialists in between the Jehovah ’s Witnesses and Birthers lined up on their stoops .
It addresses all the usual canards , from warming - stopped - in - 1998 right out to global - warming - on - Pluto . )
I also generally avoid going on about stuff that ’s already getting a lot of press elsewhere ; if you saw it on slashdot , boingboing , or the NY Times I ’ll be giving it a pass unless it ’s really central to my current interests , simply because the blogosphere will already be writhing with opinions on the subject and mine has probably been better put by someone with better insight .
Now .
In what can hardly be a coincidence , just a few weeks before the Copenhagen summit the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia got hacked .
The sixty - odd megabytes of confidential e-mails that ended up littering the whole damn internet either a ) blew the lid off a global conspiracy to fake the global warming crisis , or b ) lay there in a big sludgy pile of boring communications about birthdays , conference meet - ups , and whether or not Poindexter over at Cal State was going to be allowed into the tree fort this year .
Judging by the criteria I described at the top of the post , I should just stick my fingers in my ears and hum loudly until the current shitstorm abates .
But I ’m not going to .
Not this time .
You ’re probably familiar with the money shots : the “ Nature trick ” used to “ hide the decline ” ( and sorry folks , anybody who ’s ever run a residual analysis knows there ’s nothing nefarious about the word “ trick ” in this context .
Besides , climatologists need hookers same as Republicans ) .
Maybe you ’ve read the e-mail - deletion thread , seen quotes that decry evil denialists and call for the censure of skeptic - friendly journal editors .
The very conditions under which these e-mails were released makes it entirely plausible that some of them were forged ; but at least some of the more controversial bits have been verified as legitimate by their authors .
I do n’t have much to say about any of that ; maybe it ’s all real , maybe it ’s been spiked , none of it compromises the overwhelming weight of evidence in favor of anthropogenic climate change .
Whatever .
No , what I want to address here is the attitude of the scientists , and how that relates to the way science actually works .
I keep running into recurring commentary on the snarkiness of the scientists behind these e-mails .
They ’re really entrenched , people seem surprised to note .
Got a real siege mentality going on , speak unkindly of the skeptics , take all kinds of cheap shots unbecoming of the lab coat .
These people can be downright assholes .
No shit , Sherlock .
I was a scientist myself for the longest time , and the people I ’d gladly drop into a vat of nitric acid start with the Pope and go all the way down to anyone who voted for Stephen Harper ’s conservatives .
The apologists have stepped up , pointed out that these were private conversations and we should n’t expect them to carry the same veneer of civility that one would expect in a public presentation .
“ Science does n’t work because we ’re all nice , ” remarked one widely - quoted NASA climatologist .
“ Newton may have been an ass , but the theory of gravity still works . ”
No .
I do n’t think he ’s got it right .
I do n’t think most of these people do .
Science does n’t work despite scientists being asses .
Science works , to at least some extent , because scientists are asses .
Bickering and backstabbing are essential elements of the process .
Have n’t any of these guys ever heard of “ peer review ” ?
There ’s this myth in wide circulation : rational , emotionless Vulcans in white coats , plumbing the secrets of the universe , their Scientific Methods unsullied by bias or emotionalism .
Most people know it ’s a myth , of course ; they subscribe to a more nuanced view in which scientists are as petty and vain and human as anyone ( and as egotistical as any therapist or financier ) , people who use scientific methodology to tamp down their human imperfections and manage some approximation of objectivity .
But that ’s a myth too .
The fact is , we are all humans ; and humans come with dogma as standard equipment .
We can no more shake off our biases than Liz Cheney could pay a compliment to Barack Obama .
The best we can do — the best science can do — is make sure that at least , we get to choose among competing biases .
That ’s how science works .
It ’s not a hippie love - in ; it ’s rugby .
Every time you put out a paper , the guy you pissed off at last year ’s Houston conference is gonna be laying in wait .
Every time you think you ’ve made a breakthrough , that asshole supervisor who told you you needed more data will be standing ready to shoot it down .
You want to know how the Human Genome Project finished so far ahead of schedule ?
Because it was the Human Genome projects , two competing teams locked in bitter rivalry , one led by J. Craig Venter , one by Francis Collins — and from what I hear , those guys did not like each other at all .
This is how it works : you put your model out there in the coliseum , and a bunch of guys in white coats kick the shit out of it .
If it ’s still alive when the dust clears , your brainchild receives conditional acceptance .
It does not get rejected .
This time .
Yes , there are mafias .
There are those spared the kicking because they have connections .
There are established cliques who decide what appears in Science , who gets to give a spoken presentation and who gets kicked down to the poster sessions with the kiddies .
I know a couple of people who will probably never get credit for the work they ’ve done , for the insights they ’ve produced .
But the insights themselves prevail .
Even if the establishment shoots the messenger , so long as the message is valid it will work its way into the heart of the enemy ’s camp .
First it will be ridiculed .
Then it will be accepted as true , but irrelevant .
Finally , it will be embraced as canon , and what ’s more everyone will know that it was always so embraced , and it was Our Glorious Leader who had the idea .
The credit may not go to those who deserve it ; but the field will have moved forward .
Science is so powerful that it drags us kicking and screaming towards the truth despite our best efforts to avoid it .
And it does that at least partly fueled by our pettiness and our rivalries .
Science is alchemy : it turns shit into gold .
Keep that in mind the next time some blogger decries the ill manners of a bunch of climate scientists under continual siege by forces with vastly deeper pockets and much louder megaphones .
As for me , I ’ll follow the blogs with interest and see how this all shakes out .
But even if someone , somewhere , proves that a handful of climatologists deliberately fudged their findings — well , I ’ll be there with everyone else calling to have the bastards run out of town , but it wo n’t matter much in terms of the overall weight of the data .
I went running through Toronto the other day on a 17 °C November afternoon .
Canada ’s west coast is currently underwater .
Sea level continues its 3 mm / yr creep up the coasts of the world , the western Siberian permafrost turns to slush .
Swathes of California and Australia are pretty much permanent firestorm zones these days .
The glaciers retreat , the Arctic ice cap shrinks , a myriad migratory species still show up at their northern destinations weeks before they ’re supposed to .
The pine beetle furthers its westward invasion , leaving dead forests in its wake — the winters , you see , are no longer cold enough to hit that lethal reset button that once kept their numbers in check .
I could go on , but you get my drift .
And if the Climate - Change Hoax Machine is powerful enough to do all that , you know what ?
They deserve to win .
They are n't bashing on the PS3 because they like to .
They keep talking about it because people keep asking them about it .
When the interviewers ask them about the PS3 , naturally they are going to respond .
Thats the way a damn interview works .
Valve has never gone out of its way to say the PS3 sucks ; interviewers constantly ask " When are you going to develop for the PS3 ? " and " Why do you not like the PS3 ? " .
Well no shit they 're going to say something bad about the PS3 again , they 're being asked about it and their stance has n't changed .
It is an easy way to get your site views .
Obviously , it 's worked here .
Though I do think his statement was incorrect but hell , they obviously do n't follow the PS3 anymore because they do n't want to .
The community is so split between saying " give me xx on the console ! " and " Valve sucks at making console games " .
OB on the PS3 was relatively terrible compared to the other two and it's always been clear that Valve is PC first , and with the 360 being relatively similar compared to the PS3 it 's a much easier decision .
PoweredbyHentai ( mmm ) made a decent post arguing against Valve , but I ultimately have to disagree with what was written for 2 reasons .
The first is that they are a company ; and not only that , they are a mainly PC company .
You would n't expect a huge PC company to do it 's utmost to improve the community of another platform unless it fully had plans to migrate a large amount of resources to it .
When I feel Valve refers to the community , it 's talking about the PC and 360 community , not the PS3 community because that 's their target demography .
The second is that the actual amount of resources Valve has is debatable , at least from what we 've seen .
Take for instance the development and release of L4D2 .
Over the past few months we 've seen large amounts of resources from their other IPs be drawn away in order to work on this .
Their content , though usually high quality , comes out at the pace of a snail .
The very informal nature of their company dictates that a lot of the time their leads spend is on PR .
The actual manpower available in Valve has been something I 've always been curious about .
Finally , note that they posted this before they even posted the interview where it was talked about ( " Look out for part two of our interview soon . " ) .
It was obviously meant to ruffle some feathers by taking it out of context .
Learn to read deeper than the words being spoon fed to you .
I do n't agree with what was said , but this comment was obviously taken out of context and reported in a way to turn heads .
Valve really should n't even be approached about the PS3 anymore because their stance is pretty damn clear ; journalists just do so in order to rack up attention .
Edit : I wrote this because I 've seen a lot of Valve hate because everybody thinks that they just bash the PS3 for fun .
People do n't understand that they are n't exactly grabbing the microphone from people and shouting that they hate the thing .
I think their stance is kind of dumb but they at some point decided it was n't worth it .
In that case I 'd really prefer they just keep their hands off the PS3 instead of releasing some shitty ports that piss people off even more .
Same way that I feel IW should have just not released MW2 for the PC at this rate .
Which I find kind of sad that some people here who bash Valve for statements like this also praise IW for it's " improvements " to the PC version .
Edit 2 : Why do people keep saying that Valve is " proud " of their inability to properly code for the PS3 ?
In the past they 've stated they do n't like the architecture and they do n't feel the time - cost was something they'd be willing to spend .
That 's pretty much all .
That does n't make them proud ...?
Or am I missing something here ?
This is an article on writing a piece of code in APL that will be reused often .
It is aimed at ...
With support from the three largest BitTorrent sites and many other well known file - sharing partners , the VODO project offers a novel distribution platform for indie filmmakers .
Today VODO presents its second release , the world premiere of In Guantanamo , a critical film about the U.S. detainment facility in Cuba .
VODO , short for voluntary donation , has been a great success thus far .
With support from several torrent sites including Mininova , The Pirate Bay and isoHunt , their first film was downloaded several hundred thousand times .
Today the project releases the film ‘ In Guantanamo ’ which makes a worldwide premiere on BitTorrent .
The film documents filmmaker David Miller ’s three day tour of the controversial camps , invited by the U.S. government .
“ Although the event was presented as a chance to ‘ see inside ’ the working of Guantanamo , it was in fact a carefully staged PR exercise designed to yield predictable , stale , controlled media images , ” we read on the Gitmo ’s VODO release page .
The film has been officially released on VODO today and is currently featured on both isoHunt and The Pirate Bay .
With help from these sites and several other partners well known to the file - sharing community , the project is able to attract a lot of eyeballs for upcoming and already established film talent .
VODO founder Jamie King told TorrentFreak that the project ’s first film performed really well .
“ I think the first VODO release was a great success , ” he said .
“ Around 250,000 downloads through our DISCO partners — as the filmmaker put it , that was more than his terrestrial TV release in the UK . ”
As the project ’s name already reveals , downloaders are encouraged to donate to the filmmakers if they appreciate their work .
King told TorrentFreak that quite a few downloaders have donated generously .
Not enough to fund a new movie obviously , but as the project gains more attention it is likely to bring in some serious income for the filmmakers .
In Guantanamo can be downloaded for free here .
Dazed And Confused
This is either the ugliest woman ever , the worst cross - dresser ever , or a guy that is really bad at choosing gender appropriate clothes .
Maybe it ’s all three – an ugly woman , cross - dressing as a man , who ca n’t pick out manly clothes .
Texas
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.4/10 ( 31 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +2 ( from 4 votes )
THEY STILL ‘ OWN THE PLACE ’….
In April , during the unsuccessful drive to pass bankruptcy reforms provisions such as “ cramdown , ” Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill. ) was incredibly frustrated .
At one point , Durbin conceded on a radio show , “ [ T ] he banks — hard to believe in a time when we ’re facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created — are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill .
And they frankly own the place . ”
Nearly eight months later , Durbin continues to find evidence to bolster the argument .
In a little - noticed but potentially explosive remark last Friday , Senator Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) accused Republican leadership of signing a political pact with the banking industry : in exchange for help defeating a measure that would make it easier for homeowners to restructure failing mortgages , GOP leadership in the Senate would help banks defeat any additional efforts at regulatory reform .
The allegation of a quid pro quo was based on an email that Durbin received last spring after his amendment to allow judges to modify mortgages for homeowners who enter bankruptcy was defeated on the Senate floor .
During a discussion to promote publicly - financed elections on Friday , the Illinois Democrat relayed that , shortly after the defeat of his “ cram - down ” amendment , a “ banker friend ” forwarded him the note from Tanya Wheeless , president & CEO of Arizona Bankers Association .
“ I have contacted the market presidents for each of the three banks ( Chase , Wells and Bank of America ) and explained that in my humble opinion it ’s a big mistake to cut a deal with Durbin and alienate our ( in Arizona ) Senator , ” Wheeless ’s email reads .
“ I also told them that I thought this would drive a wedge in our industry .
[ Senator Jon ]
Kyl has pointedly told them not to make a deal with Durbin and then come looking to Republicans when they need help on something like regulatory restructuring or systemic risk regulation . ”
“ I know the ( sic ) every state association will have to do what ’s best for its members , but I have told my largest three members that if they cut this deal , AzBA will fight them on it .
They may be willing to alienate Republican leadership , but I ’m not quite there yet . ”
Sam Stein summarized the problem : “ The implication seems fairly clear : banks were being warned that if they negotiated with Durbin on cram - down , they were risking GOP support on regulatory reform . ”
The government was accused of " maxing out the nation 's credit card " after figures showed that Britain 's budget deficit ballooned to a record £ 20bn in November pushing the national debt to a post - war high .
In last week 's pre-budget report Alistair Darling revised up his prediction for government borrowing this fiscal year to a record £ 178bn from the £ 175 bn forecast in April 's budget , or nearly 13 % of national income .
Of that total , £ 20 bn was run up last month alone , although the number was smaller than the City had expected .
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne said : " In the run up to Christmas , Gordon Brown is maxing out on the nation 's credit card – and does n't care how we are going to repay these debts in the future .
The record public borrowing figures equates to almost £ 1,000 for every family this month alone .
" Now we 're all paying for Labour 's failure to fix the roof when the sun was shining – and after last week 's PBR , we know they have no credible plan to get this debt under control . "
The public finances have been wrecked by the combination of the recession , which has pushed up spending on welfare as unemployment has surged and as the financial crisis has clobbered tax receipts from the City .
The Office for National Statistics also said that borrowing in the first eight months of 2009 / 10 had jumped to £ 106bn from £ 49bn in the same period of last fiscal year .
It said spending was 6 % higher over the period while receipts were 9 % lower ,
The national debt rose to £ 845 bn last month , up from £ 706bn a year ago and equivalent to 60.2 % of gross domestic product - way above the 40 % level the government considered its ceiling before the recession came .
If the bank bailouts , which added some liabilities to the public sector balance sheet , are excluded , however , the national debt is closer to a more respectable 50 % of GDP .
" These figures confirm that when the economy does move out of recession there is a massive task ahead to sort out the public finances , " said Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , Vince Cable .
" It reinforces the lack of leadership given in the government 's pre-budget report , which gave no indication of how the deficit will be reduced in a systematic way .
But we need to be careful not to fall for Conservatives ' remedies , which would involve sudden deep cuts in the public sector at a time when the economy is still very fragile . "
The British Chambers of Commerce said the figures raised fresh questions over the country 's " AAA " credit rating .
" The current situation poses serious threats to Britain 's international credit rating , particularly if the government does not reinforce the inadequate measures announced in the Pre-Budget Report , " said BCC chief economist David Kern .
" While it is difficult to implement large spending cuts until the recession is over , the government must be more explicit in its plans .
VAT is to rise on 1 January , to 17.5 % from 15 % , which will bring in some extra revenue , but Thursday 's retail sales figures suggested consumer spending is weakening , which could crimp extra income for the Treasury .
Conversely , say analysts , the better - than - expected unemployment data this week may save the government some money on jobseeker 's allowance and other benefits .
John Hawksworth , head of macroeconomics at PricewaterhouseCoopers , said he thought the budget deficit would probably end the 2009 / 10 fiscal year higher than Darling is hoping , at £ 185 bn .
" Looking further ahead , we would still see a need for significant fiscal tightening after the next election ( irrespective of the result ) through a combination of tax rises and further spending cuts from 2011 / 12 onwards . "
The Institute for Fiscal Studies , though , was slightly more optimistic about the current year .
Gemma Tetlow , a senior research economist , said : " Extrapolating borrowing over the first eight months of this financial year , but adjusting for the estimated impact of policies which are expected to affect the relative timing of receipts and spending over the course of the year , suggests that borrowing for the year as a whole is almost exactly on course to meet the pre-budget report forecast published last week of £ 178 bn .
[ But ] this would still be the highest level of borrowing since the Second World War . "
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
This article was originally written about 2010 but it has been fully up dated for 2011 .
How to see the Leonoid meteor shower 2011 ; where to see them from and when can you see the Leonoid meteor shower in 2010 .
The times and dates vary slightly from year to year , so when searching the net for information check that the article was written about the 2011 Leonoid meteor shower and not one of the previous years .
What is the Leonoid meteor shower ?
Meteor showers are also known as shooting stars , falling stars , fireballs and meteor storms ( when there are more than 1000 as hour ) .
Meteorites are clouds of debris – small particles of dust and sand left behind in the wake of a comet .
They come into view when the earth moves through their path and the debris vaporizes on contact with out atmosphere .
We see a streak of bright light which is the meteor , or meteor shower when there are a few of them .
The Leonoid meteors come from the Temple - Tuttle comet and they are an annual occurrence .
They are called the Leonoid meteors because they appear to radiate from the " head " of the lion in the constellation Leo .
When is the Leonoid meteor shower 2011 ?
The shower will peak from 17th - 18th November 2010 , but will actually be occuring from the 13th to the 20th November .
The best time to see them is from midnight until sun rise .
Peak time :
There could be up to 500 meteors per hour or as little as 50 .
Generally speaking if you are in the Northern hemisphere the hours between midnight and sun rise are best .
13:30 am EST – 5:30 am EST , and 12:30 am – 2:30 am PT .
NYC – 05:36 ; LA – 05:26 ; London – 05:58 ; Jerusalem – 23:50 ; Mexico City 06:52 ; Paris 06:44 ; Moscow 00:48 ; Cape Town 04:20 ; Adelaide 03:24 .
You get the idea !
There are traditional peak times and predicted peak times , which often differ , but if you are outside watching for them from midnight until dawn on the 17th or 18th of November 2011 , you have the best chance of seeing them .
Where to look in the sky for the Leonoid meteor shower 2011 ?
Look towards the constellation of Leo in the east if you are in the northern hemisphere .
As the meteor shower gets it 's name from the fact that the meteors appear to radiate from the Leo constellation .
Where can you see the Leonoid meteor shower 2011 from ?
The ideal location is Eastern Europe and Asia , but around the world they will be visible including all of North America .
Get as far away from artificial light as you can , ideally in an area with clear horizons , and wait patiently , looking east towards the sickle shaped star constellation of Leo .
Ideal conditions :
This year the moonlight should not detract much from the spectacle as there will be some moonlight in the sky but not like on other years when a full moon detracts from the shower .
Best place to be in the world to see the meteors in central Asia , although they can be observed from around the globe .
In the States it is better to be in one of the Northern states .
Get away from artificial lighting in cities if possible or find the darkest spot you can .
A cloudless night would also be advantageous .
Do n't use binoculars or a telescope as this will limit your vision and it is best to keep an eye on the whole sky .
Britain is at serious risk of losing its way in Afghanistan because rising defeatism at home is demoralising the troops on the front line , military commanders have warned .
High - ranking officers , including a former commander of the SAS , have expressed deep concern that the country is in danger of " talking ourselves into a defeat back home " as the war reaches a critical stage .
They say there is " surprise and disappointment " among members of the forces at the constant pessimism in the UK over the conflict , and what looks like a lack of appreciation for what they are achieving at great personal risk and in extremely difficult circumstances .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Such is the level of concern about the impact of this " negativity " that a number of senior officers have now taken the step of publicly speaking out .
They have told The Independent that , in their view , the British people are not getting a true picture of what is going on , and that any loss of public support as a result of this will have highly damaging consequences for the campaign .
There is also anxiety that the Taliban will step up their attacks and attempt to kill more members of the forces in order to create further anxiety at home , fuelling calls for troops to be pulled out .
Lieutenant - General Sir Graeme Lamb , a former SAS commander who has been brought in to play a key role in Nato 's new Afghan strategy , said : " We must be wary of talking ourselves into a defeat back home .
We hear people saying the fight is n't worth it .
Does that mean all the sacrifices which have been made , the deaths and the injuries have been for nothing ?
" The troops do not think that is the case – they are stating that belief by what they are doing every day in a dangerous situation .
They are the men and women in the arena , and they are certainly not giving up .
" Most of the force are quite stoical ; they are just disappointed that their endeavours – what they are trying to do with great courage – are not , it seems , being properly recognised by some back home .
It is a pity that they are working so hard to deliver success , not for themselves but the Afghan people , yet there are voices back home who say they are failing .
" To a certain extent , people here understand what is being said is influenced by an election coming up in the not - too - distant future back in the UK .
And there have been steady casualties , which is terrible for the families involved .
But I do n't think those who are so critical have examined what is actually going on here .
They have either never come here , or have been on brief flying visits without spending much time in the front line , and that does not give a full picture . "
The intervention by the commanders comes at a crucial stage in the conflict , with Barack Obama set to announce the deployment of around 35,000 reinforcements while urging other Nato countries to send up to 10,000 more troops .
It also comes at a time of growing opposition to the war in Europe and America – dissatisfaction which was reinforced by the allegations of fraud in the recent election in which President Hamid Karzai retained power .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Lt -Colonel Matt Bazeley , commanding officer of the 28 Engineer Regiment Group in Helmand , said : " I know why I am here ; my soldiers know why they are here , and we think we are right to be here .
There is , of course , a degree of nervousness in certain situations , and we have our bad days just like any other profession .
" But the morale among the troops has consistently remained very high .
We are extremely grateful for the support from so many people back in the UK .
We continue to believe that the man in the Clapham omnibus supports the troops in the front line .
" We can see for ourselves here that progress is being made – more areas are being made secure – and we need to make sure that people back home also realise this , because we are also very aware that there seems to be this pessimism back home , which is rather sad . "
Lt -Colonel Jeremy Bennett , commanding officer of 1 Royal Horse Artillery , added : " We are a bit surprised that there is this negativity in the UK about what is going on here , and it is disappointing .
I am not sure why that is the case .
" No one is saying the war would be won in the next six months .
When this mission began , we knew that British forces would be here for a relatively long time and , there would , unfortunately , be some casualties .
But the fact is that the mood among the troops is pretty upbeat .
We have inflicted real physical and psychological damage to the Taliban , [ and ] the Afghan security forces are being trained to take over the defence of their country .
We are not saying that we are creating a western European - style state here , but we are trying to create stability and , on the whole , I think we are getting there . "
Critics say that failure by the Government to make its policy clear on the Afghan mission has been one of the major contributing factors to the growing public discord .
Sir Richard Dearlove , who was head of MI6 when the Afghan invasion was launched , has said that the Government must deliver a strong message to its enemies to avoid the loss of more troops ' lives .
He said : " The Taliban , if they think we are wavering , will up the pressure and be encouraged to kill more of our soldiers . "
General Lamb said : " The next period is going to be hard .
The Taliban are not stupid : they see what is being said in Europe and America .
There is every possibility that they will raise their levels of attack with Christmas coming up – they know the propaganda value of killing a soldier for Christmas . "
Sir Graeme , 56 , who worked closely with General David Petraeus in Iraq , is seen by senior American military figures as one of those who was instrumental in turning Sunni nationalist groups ( the so - called " Sunni Awakening " ) against al - Qa'ida , an initiative now seen as a major turning point in the war .
On his Afghan appointment , Sir Graeme said that many in the enemy ranks have " done nothing wrong " and there are those in the Taliban rank and file who carry a sense of " anger and grievances which have not been addressed " .
The general insisted yesterday : " Things are getting better : the Taliban are suffering badly , but this is not about killing people – it's about establishing security and getting people to talk .
" We do think that the tectonic plates are shifting , but there is a time gap before this becomes apparent .
It is always the darkest before daybreak .
But give us a bit more time , and we shall begin to see the results by the spring . "
First of all , trucks are huge vehicles , designed for specific purposes , for instance : cargo transportation , streets cleaning and even cement mixing .
But , their construction is common : a cab , chassis , drivetrain , cargo area and engine .
Too simple , yeah ?
So nowadays , truck owners turned to be very creative people , while applying the following techniques to make their trucks look unforgettable .
Most parts of any truck can be tuned : steering wheel , seats ( it is so popular to make them either velvet or leather ) , dashboard and lockers tuning , bumpers and other parts can be made from stainless steel etc .
But , is is better to take care about your safety , so , choose expensive , but wonderful LED lights , they have more diodes , thus , the road will be illuminated perfectly .
They come in a great variety of shapes and designs .
We Recommend :
AS WORLD leaders arrive in Copenhagen for the crunch phase of the climate conference , the focus turns to what kind of deal is likely to emerge .
Pre-eminent climate scientist Prof James Hansen of the Nasa Goddard Institute has already given the entire process the kiss of death .
Any political deal cobbled together is , he believes , likely to be so profoundly flawed as to lock humanity on to “ a disaster track ” , writes JOHN GIBBONS
Hansen voiced publicly what environmental scientists and campaigners have murmured all year .
A political fudge that ducks science is the likeliest outcome at Copenhagen .
Earlier this week , for instance , EU fisheries ministers agreed a deal that pleased our Government and our fishermen .
However , it does little to arrest the progressive annihilation of a common resource that , like our atmosphere , is owned by no one – and so exploited by all .
The world faces a dangerous convergence of environmental and resource crises , not all directly climate related .
All , however , are increasingly difficult to resolve in a rapidly warming world .
Taken together , they are not amenable to a business - as - usual political response .
Here , in no particular order , are six :
1. Biodiversity : “ The world is currently undergoing a very rapid loss of biodiversity comparable with the great mass extinction events that have previously occurred only five or six times in the Earth ’s history , ” says the World Wildlife Fund .
It has tracked an astonishing 30 per cent decline in the Earth ’s biodiversity between 1970 - 2003 .
Hunting , habitat destruction , deforestation , pollution and the spread of agriculture are leading to as many as 1,000 entire species going extinct every week – that ’s a species every 10 minutes .
The economic cost of destroying biodiversity is also immense .
A 2008 EU study estimated the cost of forest loss alone is running at $ 2 - $ 5 trillion ( €1.3 - €3.4 trillion ) annually .
2. Ocean acidification :
The evidence of the effects of increased CO2 levels on the world ’s oceans is unequivocal .
Surface ocean acidity has increased by 30 per cent since 1800 , with half this increase occurring in just the last three decades .
The rate of change in oceanic pH levels is around 100 times faster than any observed natural rate .
Increasing acidity is impeding the ability of plankton called foraminifera to produce shells .
These creatures form the base of the entire marine food system .
The world ’s vital reef systems are also in peril from acidification .
3. Population pressure : Broadcaster Sir David Attenborough has witnessed how the natural world is being crushed by humanity .
“ I ’ve never seen a problem that would n’t be easier to solve with fewer people , or harder – and ultimately impossible – with more , ” he says .
The Earth must provide for around 80 million more people than this time last year .
It took us almost 10,000 years to reach a billion people .
We now add that many every 12 years .
4. Peak oil :
This month , the International Energy Agency formally predicted global peak oil by 2020 .
Today , the world burns the equivalent of 82 million barrels of oil every day .
Projected growth in energy demand will see this rise to almost 100 million barrels within a decade , but by then , output from the oilfields currently in production will have plummeted to barely a third of that .
A massive energy gap is looming , and with discoveries having peaked in the mid-1960s , we are approaching the bottom of the cheap oil barrel .
Non-conventional oil , renewables and nuclear will be nowhere near capable of bridging this energy gap in time .
The oil shocks of the coming decade will be intense .
5 . Peak food : the global food system is predicated on lashings of cheap oil , fresh water , soil and natural gas .
All four are in decline .
The food riots of 2008 were an early warning of a global system in crisis .
In the US , it is estimated every calorie of food energy requires 10 calories of fossil fuel energy .
More food production is now being channelled into fattening animals .
Meat is a tasty but entirely inefficient way to use finite food resources .
Meanwhile , the UN predicts the collapse of all global commercial marine fisheries by 2048 , depriving up to two billion people of food .
6 . Peak water : During the 20th century , human water usage increased nine - fold , with irrigation ( for agriculture ) alone using two - thirds of this total .
With almost all major glaciers retreating , many river systems are at risk .
Groundwater in aquifers is another key fresh water source .
Over-extraction , mostly for agriculture , has caused their levels worldwide to plummet .
Pollution , especially from fertiliser overuse , adds to the loss of fresh water .
The Environmental Protection Agency yesterday reported only 17 per cent of Ireland ’s rivers are of “ high ecological status ” .
The 19th century naturalist John Muir famously wrote that “ when one tugs at a single thing in nature , he finds it attached to the rest of the world ” .
As the Copenhagen conference draws to a close , the words of a contemporary of Muir , politician and orator Robert Ingersoll , have never seemed more apt : “ In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments ; there are only consequences . ”
John Gibbons blogs at www.thinkorswim.ie
Not to be less than the US Navy , the Army has tested their own electromagnetic rail gun , firing several times at Dugway Proving Grounds .
Manufacturer General Atomics calls it Blitzer .
I call it Hey Enemy Tank , You Have Been Blended .
Advertisement
Blitzer will continue testing through 2010 , until they fire " tactically relevant aerodynamic rounds . "
That means shells designed to obliterate enemy tanks , bunkers , and anything that moves on the ground .
Looking at it , I can't help but to think on Cowboy Bebop and Spike 's Swordfish II fighter .
Just imaging General Atomics mounting an optimized model in an oversized version of their Reapers .
[ General Atomics via Popsci ]
MONTREAL–A
Conservative prime minister has launched a stirring defence of universal health care , and lauded Barack Obama in his bare - knuckle political battle to extend benefits to all Americans .
But it 's not the current Conservative prime minister .
Brian Mulroney used a speech to 1,500 Conservative supporters to wade where Prime Minister Stephen Harper has steadfastly refused to venture : the bitter U.S. debate over health reform .
The former prime minister drew parallels between Obama 's uphill fight to reform health care to his own struggles as prime minister , which may have cost him popularity but benefited the country .
" Political capital is acquired to be spent in great causes for one 's nation , " Mulroney said Thursday .
" Prime ministers are not chosen to seek popularity ....
They are chosen to provide leadership .
. .
President Obama is fighting for a form of universal health care and is encountering ferocious resistance .
" The attacks on President Obama are often bitter and mean - spirited and his approval ratings , his popularity , are sinking like a stone .
Still , he fights on . . .
" Fifty years from today , Americans will revere the name , ' Obama . '
Because like his Canadian predecessors , he chose the tough responsibilities of national political leadership over the meaningless nostrums of sterile partisanship that we see too much of in Canada and around the world today . "
The vast , crowded hotel ballroom went silent at that part of Mulroney 's speech .
One woman was seen snickering .
It did n't take long for tongues to start wagging that Mulroney 's speech – which , in 40 minutes , mentioned old Liberal and NDP opponents but never once uttered the name ' Harper ' – was a craftily designed swipe at the prime minister .
Mulroney 's eagerness to take sides in the U.S. health debate was a stark and obvious contrast from Harper 's reluctance to touch that political powder keg .
Half of Harper 's cabinet was there watching the speech , while the prime minister himself was in the U.S. following a meeting with Obama .
At the height of the health debate this summer , while American town - hall meetings were occasionally erupting in fisticuffs , Harper and Obama met at a Three Amigos summit in Mexico .
During a news conference in front of media from three countries , as he stood next to Obama , Harper was asked about the U.S. battle and whether there was anything worth emulating about Canadian medicare , like its universal coverage .
Harper replied that it was a foreign debate and , besides , health care was the provinces ' business – not the federal government's .
Harper 's Liberal opponents blasted him for passing up what might have been an opportunity to help a powerful ally .
But Mulroney was more than happy to make that a highlight of a long - awaited speech to hundreds of Conservative faithful .
A who 's who of Canadian conservatives , past and present , converged for a 25th anniversary celebration of Mulroney 's first election win , with some looking to reinforce party unity and others just there for the get - together .
The downtown Montreal hotel where the event was taking place was buzzing with hundreds of conservatives , including ex-New Brunswick premier Bernard Lord and former prime minister Joe Clark .
The prime minister made a cameo appearance through a tape - recorded message .
Harper also called Mulroney from the U.S. , where he was speaking to business leaders after meeting with Obama .
The men had gone two years without speaking to each other .
In his videotaped message , Harper called free trade with the U.S. Mulroney 's " greatest achievement . "
Mulroney , for his part , also addressed some of his own failures .
He lamented the collapse of the Meech Lake Accord and , without referring explicitly to his infamous cash exchanges with Karlheinz Schreiber , Mulroney took a moment to note past mistakes .
" We had our achievements , as well , and we also made our share of mistakes – no one more than me , " Mulroney said .
" You are all familiar with some of my errors of judgement . "
Political veterans filed into a ballroom decorated with the old Progressive Conservative party banner , and souvenir campaign posters that were a throwback to the era of Culture Club and Loverboy .
" I 'm very pleased that this is being done , " said Clark , who underlined he is not a member of the current Conservative party .
" It focused naturally on Brian and Mila but it's also about a government that has a great deal to be proud of , that accomplished a lot .
" We took on big challenges across a wide range of issues .
We got elected , but we did n't stop there .
We put office to work to try and change the country . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams said he had come to pay tribute to Mulroney , for whom he did some work in the 1980s .
" He enabled us to be in a very , very strong financial position that we 're in now , " Williams said .
" If I did not have an Atlantic Accord to work with when I became premier , it might not have enabled me to do the things we 're doing in Newfoundland and Labrador . "
While the evening was first designed as a reunion for those who experienced the thrill of 1984 , it quickly took on deeper overtones .
It became an opportunity to heal a rift between the Mulroney folks and Harper 's camp , an unwelcome fissure in a party founded on a truce between its once - warring Reform and Progressive Conservative wings .
Relations between Harper and Mulroney have been severely strained since Harper called a public inquiry into Mulroney 's business dealings with German lobbyist Karlheinz Schreiber , and directed his cabinet to cut off contact with the Tory icon .
Things worsened when members of Harper 's entourage went around telling journalists that Mulroney was no longer a member of the party .
The clumsy move , aimed at distancing Harper from Mulroney as the inquiry unfolded , simply incensed Mulroney loyalists within the current cabinet and caused the first display of revolt by Harper 's normally disciplined troops .
The feud created a divide between party brass , mostly old Reformers who saw Mulroney as an opponent , and old PCers who see the former prime minister as a lifelong friend and mentor .
Angry Tories leaked details of behind - closed - door caucus meetings .
MacKay found himself pleading with party president Don Plett , now a senator , to reinstate Mulroney as a member and was resoundingly rebuffed .
Loyalty to Mulroney runs deep in conservative circles , despite the beating his reputation has taken at different points over the past 25 years .
Many of those who worked with him or in his caucus describe a leader who took a personal interest in people around him , remembered names , and always picked up the phone to make a call at life 's important or difficult moments .
About half the current Conservative cabinet agreed to attend Thursday , including several old Reformers and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty , Defence Minister Peter MacKay and Environment Minister Jim Prentice .
Transport Minister John Baird , who was a 15 - year - old messenger at PC headquarters in 1984 , downplayed the political significance of the presence of so many from Harper 's team .
" It 's exciting to be here and celebrate a great conservative victory in this country , to celebrate the end of the Trudeau era and all of the great things that were accomplished – free trade , tax reform , a great international presence , " said Baird .
His victory in 1984 was a heady time for the Tories as the party grabbed a majority for the first time since John Diefenbaker in 1958 .
Life on Parliament Hill was turned on its head as conservatives moved into positions of power .
Read more about :
Saab , which earned a loyal following over six decades with its stylish but idiosyncratic cars , failed to attract the buyer it needed most  a new owner for the company  leaving General Motors little choice but to announce Friday that it would shut down the brand .
Bigger car companies , which have been struggling with steep losses of their own , showed no interest because Saab was too small even though the brand is well regarded .
The last hope for Saab , which General Motors took control of in 1990 , had been Spyker Cars , a tiny Dutch maker of high - end sports cars .
But some G.M. officials said that Spyker ’s reliance on Russian financing for the Saab deal was a major factor in its decision to walk away .
7 point control point push / pull map Map by Jamie " Fishbus " Manson Goldrock Gulch is a serious and honest remake of the father of TF2 CP maps - warpath ( for TFC ) .
A spiritual successor much in the same vein as Badlands and Well .
The map is indeed quite large and is entirely intentional , spawn points move along with every point , not just the middle and the second last ; this is to cater for it 's size .
Objective :
To win each team must own all seven Control Points .
Other Notes : Control Points cannot be captured while they are locked .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , November 21 , 2009
Neo -Con talk show host Rush Limbaugh has sensationally censored any mention of Prison Planet.com from his own transcript archives after he discussed a story we had posted yesterday about Al Gore using Photoshop to insert fake hurricanes into the cover of his new book on global warming .
The original transcript posted on Limbaugh ’s website accurately carried the statements he made on his show yesterday , which included the words , “ And the website where this is taken place is PrisonPlanet.com . ”
The transcript page also featured an image of Limbaugh with a screenshot of the Prison Planet logo behind him .
However , both the Prison Planet logo and Limbaugh ’s mention of the website , owned by Texas radio host Alex Jones , have since been “ memory - holed ” from the Limbaugh archives .
Limbaugh originally featured a huge link at the top of his website to Prison Planet , but all links have now been deleted from the archives .
In the new version of the transcript , the words , “ And the website where this is taken place is PrisonPlanet.com , ” have been culled , despite the fact Limbaugh clearly said them , as can be verified via the You Tube clip at the bottom of this page .
[ efoods ]
Any links to the Prison Planet.com story , which were prominently featured all over Limbaugh ’s website , have also been deleted and replaced with a similar story by Newsbusters , a Neo -Con news website .
What caused Limbaugh to order the material removed ?
Our guess is that he was probably bombarded with e mails from the legions of virulently retarded Neo -Cons that make up the audience of phony right - wing websites like Free Republic , on which all Alex Jones material is aggressively banned .
It ’s highly unlikely that Limbaugh ordered his webmaster to link to Prison Planet.com by mistake , he knows who we are because he ’s attacked us on several occasions before .
But any hopes that Limbaugh may be abandoning his Neo -Con base and coming across to the Ron Paul / Libertarian perspective appear to be dashed .
As one of our forum members put it , “ I knew I was too optimistic to think that Limbaugh may have had a conscience . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Wednesday , November 11 , 2009
Often times , I do n't get to get my hands dirty at work .
Not being one to let myself atrophy , I keep my eyes out for new and exciting things to catch my fancy , and spend hours and hours writing new code : usually reinventing the wheel , often times poking and prodding , just trying to figure out what I 'm going to do with what I find .
One of the projects that caught my eye a bit over a year ago was CouchDB , a RESTful document storage engine , that happens to have Map / Reduce support .
Being the database freak that I am , I started thinking about all of the projects I 've worked on in the past that could have been improved with a document model over pseudo - relational databases .
So many came to mind , and I was excited about the flexibility of CouchDB ; so useful for so many things , especially with strong data analysis abilities via map and reduce .
Then came a day when all of my meetings were cancelled , and instead I sat in front of a large display with a group of other people running query after query , analyzing large amounts of data -- SQL query after SQL query .
By the end of the day I was exhausted and feeling just a little bit dirty .
Never one to let good dirt go to waste , I sat down with a beer in hand and started scheming .
Enter an idea : what if I could marry the ease of SQL to the flexibility of CouchDB ?
Actually , it was more like : what 's the most amusing thing I could build after a day like today ?
I 'm a big fan of perl : there 's nothing perl can't do , and with a wonderful repository like CPAN throwing together a script that would make the devil himself shiver becomes an easy task .
Sure , perl can be so messy and complex that it can't even be parsed , but like any language , under the right circumstances it can really shine .
An hour later , I had the beginnings of a masterpiece , a bridge between the worlds of SQL and NoSQL .
It was the worst abuse of technology that I could think of : a SQL front - end to CouchDB .
Something like this should never be used in production .
In fact , it should probably never be used at all .
It works by parsing the SQL statement , does some quick sanity checks , and builds a map function to be called with as a temporary view .
These temporary views are then queried , and the response from CouchDB is printed to the terminal .
There are a couple of prerequisites , all available from CPAN :
Getopt:: Long
SQL :: Statement
LWP :: UserAgent
HTTP :: Request
JSON
Then , just download and " enjoy " : couchsql.pl
Some quick examples :
miniBook : ~ jerry $ ./couchsql.pl " SELECT * FROM stock " { " total_rows " : 9611 , " offset " : 0 , " rows " : [ { " id " : " 01-02-2009 : A " , " key " : null , " value " : {" _id " : " 01-02-2009 : A " , " _rev " : " 1-28512862 2 " , " month " : 1 , " date " : " 2009/01/02 " , " quarter " : 1 , " high " : " 16.3000 " , " close " : " 16.2400 " , " day " : 2 , " id " : " 01-02-2009: A " , " company " : " AGILENT TECH INC " , " symbol " : " A " , " epoch " : " 1 230854400 " , " volume " : " 3030200 " , " day_of_year " : 2 , " day_of_quarter " : 2 , " open " : " 15.6000 " , " type " : " STOCK " , " year " : 2009}} , { " id " : " 01-02-2009 : AA " , " key " : null , " value " : {" _id " : " 01-02-2009 : AA " , " _rev " : " 1- 170752 1035 " , " month " : 1 , " date " : " 2009/01/02 " , " quarter " : 1 , " high " : " 12.4400 " , " close " : " 12.110 0 " , " day " : 2 , " id " : " 01-02-2009 : AA " , " company " : " ALCOA INC " , " symbol " : " AA " , " epoch " : " 123 0854400 " , " volume " : " 30645200 " , " day_of_year " : 2 , " day_of_quarter " : 2 , " open " : " 11.3600 " , " type " : " STOCK " , " year " : 2009}} , [...] ] } miniBook : ~ jerry $ ./couchsql.pl " SELECT symbol , open , close , high , date FROM stock WHERE date = ' 2009/03/01 ' ORDER BY symbol " { " total_rows " : 98 , " offset " : 0 , " rows " : [ { " id " : " 03-03-2009: A " , " key " : null , " value " : {" symbol " : " A " , " open " : " 12.8900 " , " close " : " 12.6800 " , " high " : " 13.0600 " , " date " : " 2009/03/03 " }} , { " id " : " 03-03-2009 : AA " , " key " : null , " value " : {" symbol " : " AA " , " open " : " 5.8500 " , " close " : " 5.5300 " , " high " : " 5.9800 " , " date " : " 2009/03/03 " }} , { " id " : " 03-03-2009 :ABT " , " key " : null , " value " : {" symbol " : " ABT " , " open " : " 47.3500 " , " close " : " 45.8200 " , " high " : " 47.5800 " , " date " : " 2009/03/03 " }} , { " id " :" 03-03-2009 :ACN " , " key " : null , " value " : {" symbol " : " ACN " , " open " : " 28.1300 " , " close " : " 27.8000 " , " high " : " 29.6700 " , " date " : " 2009/03/03 " }} , [...] ]}
Will I take this any further ?
Who knows .
Limit needs to be added to select , as well as functions .
There is also potential for updates and deletes , as well as simple create / drop functionality .
We shall see .
Whether you use your phone for business or personal use , most of us have become used to the massive number of features they contain .
From being able to talk to loved ones halfway across the world , to taking action shots on our cameras , to accessing social media , our phones enable us to do tons of stuff .
Here we look at five essential smartphone features you need in 2020 .
An Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper who was suspended after being involved in a scuffle with an EMT in May was put on paid administrative leave Sunday in connection with an unrelated incident .
Troopers Daniel Martin and Tommy Allen were placed on administrative leave after a Holdenville man filed a complaint after he was arrested on Saturday .
" Basically , there was a traffic stop last night and out of that an individual was jailed and the guy apparently contacted the department today wanting to file a complaint , ” said patrol Capt .
Chris West .
" Based on the nature of the complaint and what Martin went through , we thought we ’d just go ahead and pull him off and investigate . ”
The Holdenville man became involved after the initial traffic stop , he said .
Khristopher Douglas told KWTV - 9 that he was on a friend ’s property when the troopers pulled up .
He was told to move away from the house and , when he did , he said he was thrown down , beaten with a club and arrested .
" He ( Martin ) started beating me with the nightstick and the other officer jumped on my back and put a knee in my back and I was getting hit with the nightstick , ” Douglas said .
This is the second time this year Martin has been investigated for his actions .
In July , Martin was suspended for five days after an investigation of a May 24 scuffle with emergency medical technician Maurice White Jr .
In that incident , Martin pulled over an ambulance in Paden after the driver , Paul Franks , failed to yield to Martin ’s patrol car .
Martin said
White kept getting in his way , and finally Martin tried to arrest White for obstructing an officer .
A cell phone video of two scuffles was placed on YouTube .
Martin was previously the police chief for Fairfax in rural Osage County from March 1999 to July 2000 , which ended when he was fired .
History of Origami From ancient orikata to modern trends in single - fold origami and free - form paper crimping , the art of origami has roots in Japanese religious and ceremonial traditions .
More >>
From ancientto modern trends in single - fold origami and free - form paper crimping , the art of origami has roots in Japanese religious and ceremonial traditions .
Match the Folds Can you see the pattern in the pattern ?
Try to match the kaleidoscopic origami fold pattern to the finished product , then download the fold and try to recreate the objects .
Play the game >>
Can you see the pattern in the pattern ?
Try to match the kaleidoscopic origami fold pattern to the finished product , then download the fold and try to recreate the objects .
Behind the Scenes “ Filmmaking has so much in common with paper folding — they ’re creative , process - oriented , technical , structured and expressive . ”
Hear more from filmmaker Vanessa Gould >>
“ Filmmaking has so much in common with paper folding — they ’re creative , process - oriented , technical , structured and expressive . ”
Nick Vanilla maintainer
Join Date : Apr 2007 Location : Canberra , Australia Age : 55 Donated : $ 60 Posts : 8,473
FAangband 1.0
- pav , as usual , for hosting ;
- Psi and buzzkill for playtesting alpha and beta versions ;
- HallucinationMushroom for designing an awesome vault based on the Luthien emblem I use as the FAangband icon ;
- takkaria for the Vanilla build system ;
- Psi again for producing version 0.3.6 , which gave the endgame some much needed balance ( which I have , I hope , only partially destroyed ) ;
- numerous people on the forums , rgra and ladder who have given me ideas and shot holes in my own ideas .
There are big changes in this version , and more to come .
Full details are below , but the big ticket items are vastly altered objects ( especially ego- items ) , a complete overhaul of mages , and the introduction of player - race based monsters which are not always hostile .
Object and monster changes will continue for the next version ( 1.1 ) .
As for the version numbers , this is actually 1.0.0 , but anything of the form 1.0.x ( so when the inevitable bugfixes happen ) will be savefile compatible with it .
The next thing not savefile compatible will be 1.1.0 , etc .
Enjoy .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Object Changes
--------------
Complete overhaul of ego items , with most purely bad types removed
and many " mixed blessing " types introduced .
There are now many types of curse ,
with the traditional " sticky " curse just one of them .
Curse removal is no
longer certain , and multiple removal attempts can destroy the item ( even
artifacts ) .
Stat boosts , bonuses , slays , brands and resists are now all values
rather than flags , so multiple " pvals " and variable slays and brands are
possible .
The objects bitflags have been completely reworked , and all
information about an object is now kept with the object rather than referring
to the object kind .
Pseudo - id is now instant for all classes , and applies to all wearable items .
Strong pseudo now shows perilous ( ego with drawbacks ) , dubious ( some drawback ) ,
average , good , excellent ( ego with no drawbacks ) and special ( all artifacts ) ;
weak pseudo shows perilous ( some drawback ) , average or good .
Squelch
categories have been changed accordingly , I hope in a useful way .
* ID * has
been reintroduced ; now regular ID shows everything except curses , which are
discoverable either by * ID * or ( automatically ) noticing when they show up .
There are some corresponding changes to regular items and artifacts , and some
new artifacts .
Ungoliant now drops a specific item , making Nan Dungortheb
worth visiting .
Blades of Chaos have been replaced with Valinorean Swords , and
" of Chaos " is now an ego type .
Pricing has been changed to be more dependent
on the object properties and less on the type .
Activatible items can now be
activated before they are ID'd .
Player Race Monsters
--------------------
Most former human ( ' p ' ) monsters are now assigned one of the player races , and
have a chance not to be hostile to the player .
Groups of these monsters now
have the same player race , but not necessarily the same monster race .
These
groups have leaders , which influence the behaviour of the other monsters .
The
AI for these guys is still fairly basic , but will mature over the 1.x series .
Mages and Magic
---------------
Mage spells have been completely reworked to make early mages playable , and
late game mages very powerful .
Books have been reorganised and renamed , and
spells changed - most notably the last book now consists of varoius rune laying
spells .
Magestaffs now activate to restore a small amount of mana .
Mana
attacks have been completely removed from player and monsters ( apart from a
couple of devices ) .
Some monsters ( and PDSM ) now get an " elemental attack "
spell comprised of all 14 resistable elements ; this is chiefly useful for
determining player resistances .
Chaos has become much more chaotic , with
multiple effects on terrain , monsters and ( if unresisted ) the player .
Code Modernisation
------------------
Much of the low level code from V3.1.1dev has been incorporated - including
most of : the build system for * nix and windows , the OSX port and file handling .
Other changes
-------------
A new terrain type - sand dunes - has been introduced .
It can hold objects ,
and is easy to move through , but blocks line of sight .
Some improvement to object descriptions .
Spell descriptions appear before the spell is learned .
Wands of the same type always stack ; if one has an unknown number of charges ,
the whole stack does .
Some of the Lothlann region is now plains instead of desert .
Some monsters only appear in dungeons ( gelatinous cubes , lurkers , etc ) .
The Complainer has increased his vocabulary .
Themed wilderness now exists - there are five themed wilderness levels , and
four themed dungeon levels .
Sound support has been upgraded so that it works properly , and Dubtrain 's sound
patch can be included in the same way as for Vanilla .
Monster traps and runes can be laid on grids containing non-artifact objects
( by destroying the objects ) .
Uniques are more resistant to stunning .
Bugfixes
--------
Killing dungeon guardians on Angband 100 no longer causes weird stuff .
Squelched gear is dropped more quickly if hide_squelchable is on .
Extended colours show properly in html screenshots .
Autoinscriptions actually work .
Ego squelch settings are reset at the start of each game .
Anfauglith 58 is no longer chock full of artifacts .
Stairs in to Amon Rudh dungeon are no longer ever encased in granite .
Player ghosts work properly .
Crash from buffer overflow with too much gold or experience fixed .
Tree traps no longer appear under the player .
FAangband 1.0 is now available from the usual place .
Please download , play , post dumps , complain , etc .
I have many people to thank :- pav , as usual , for hosting ;- Psi and buzzkill for playtesting alpha and beta versions ;- HallucinationMushroom for designing an awesome vault based on the Luthien emblem I use as the FAangband icon ;- takkaria for the Vanilla build system ;- Psi again for producing version 0.3.6 , which gave the endgame some much needed balance ( which I have , I hope , only partially destroyed ) ;- numerous people on the forums , rgra and ladder who have given me ideas and shot holes in my own ideas .
There are big changes in this version , and more to come .
Full details are below , but the big ticket items are vastly altered objects ( especially ego- items ) , a complete overhaul of mages , and the introduction of player - race based monsters which are not always hostile .
Object and monster changes will continue for the next version ( 1.1 ) .
As for the version numbers , this is actually 1.0.0 , but anything of the form 1.0.x ( so when the inevitable bugfixes happen ) will be savefile compatible with it .
The next thing not savefile compatible will be 1.1.0 , etc.Enjoy .-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Object Changes--------------Complete overhaul of ego items , with most purely bad types removedand many " mixed blessing " types introduced .
There are now many types of curse , with the traditional " sticky " curse just one of them .
Curse removal is nolonger certain , and multiple removal attempts can destroy the item ( evenartifacts ) .
Stat boosts , bonuses , slays , brands and resists are now all valuesrather than flags , so multiple " pvals " and variable slays and brands arepossible .
The objects bitflags have been completely reworked , and allinformation about an object is now kept with the object rather than referringto the object kind .
Pseudo - id is now instant for all classes , and applies to all wearable items .
Strong pseudo now shows perilous ( ego with drawbacks ) , dubious ( some drawback ) , average , good , excellent ( ego with no drawbacks ) and special ( all artifacts ) ; weak pseudo shows perilous ( some drawback ) , average or good .
Squelchcategories have been changed accordingly , I hope in a useful way .
* ID * hasbeen reintroduced ; now regular ID shows everything except curses , which arediscoverable either by * ID * or ( automatically ) noticing when they show up .
There are some corresponding changes to regular items and artifacts , and somenew artifacts .
Ungoliant now drops a specific item , making Nan Dungorthebworth visiting .
Blades of Chaos have been replaced with Valinorean Swords , and " of Chaos " is now an ego type .
Pricing has been changed to be more dependenton the object properties and less on the type .
Activatible items can now beactivated before they are ID'd .
Player Race Monsters --------------------Most former human ( ' p ' ) monsters are now assigned one of the player races , andhave a chance not to be hostile to the player .
Groups of these monsters nowhave the same player race , but not necessarily the same monster race .
Thesegroups have leaders , which influence the behaviour of the other monsters .
TheAI for these guys is still fairly basic , but will mature over the 1.x series .
Mages and Magic---------------
Mage spells have been completely reworked to make early mages playable , andlate game mages very powerful .
Books have been reorganised and renamed , andspells changed - most notably the last book now consists of varoius rune layingspells .
Magestaffs now activate to restore a small amount of mana .
Manaattacks have been completely removed from player and monsters ( apart from acouple of devices ) .
Some monsters ( and PDSM ) now get an " elemental attack " spell comprised of all 14 resistable elements ; this is chiefly useful fordetermining player resistances .
Chaos has become much more chaotic , withmultiple effects on terrain , monsters and ( if unresisted ) the player .
Code Modernisation ------------------Much of the low level code from V3.1.1dev has been incorporated - includingmost of : the build system for * nix and windows , the OSX port and file handling .
Other changes -------------A new terrain type - sand dunes - has been introduced .
It can hold objects , and is easy to move through , but blocks line of sight .
Some improvement to object descriptions .
Spell descriptions appear before the spell is learned .
Wands of the same type always stack ; if one has an unknown number of charges , the whole stack does .
Some of the Lothlann region is now plains instead of desert .
Some monsters only appear in dungeons ( gelatinous cubes , lurkers , etc ) .
The Complainer has increased his vocabulary .
Themed wilderness now exists - there are five themed wilderness levels , andfour themed dungeon levels .
Sound support has been upgraded so that it works properly , and Dubtrain 's soundpatch can be included in the same way as for Vanilla .
Monster traps and runes can be laid on grids containing non-artifact objects ( by destroying the objects ) .
Uniques are more resistant to stunning .
Bugfixes -------- Killing dungeon guardians on Angband 100 no longer causes weird stuff .
Squelched gear is dropped more quickly if hide_squelchable is on .
Extended colours show properly in html screenshots .
Autoinscriptions actually work .
Ego squelch settings are reset at the start of each game .
Anfauglith 58 is no longer chock full of artifacts .
Stairs in to Amon Rudh dungeon are no longer ever encased in granite .
Player ghosts work properly .
Crash from buffer overflow with too much gold or experience fixed .
Tree traps no longer appear under the player .
__________________
One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne
In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie .
Two blondes decide what they do ... 20 m 29 s - 62913 views
by
I ’m a very big fan of Ubuntu Studio
In the last month I could n’t use it .
I can’t find a netinstall location for this sepcial music mixing oriented operating system .
With a friend we set up his home system with Ubuntu Studio now he has music everywhere .
I like it more quiet in the nature and the woods , when I am not sitting in front of my system .
This is all about you , this Blog and our posts all we do is only for our readers .
Today I thought to share this howto with you as I stumbled upon this gorgeous Linux How - To on digg .
No it has n’t reached the frontpage till now .
NJoy the HowTo and comment your opinion in our comment area , but when you have the time , please read ahead and watch the next videos below I ’ve found via youtube .
Before you set up Moovida watch these videos and then you can decide .
moovida media center on ubuntu 9.10
It could be that you have seen this video on youtube before , it is from the 17th June 2009 .
Here is another one , the last one , also in spanish
Moovida for ALL Windows and Ubuntu
Does anybody know how to setup Ubuntu Studio via net install , I would like to hear a few ideas .
Comments are welcome and appreciated .
It can take till we can give the coment free , we are thinking about a captcha system in the comment area , what are your thoughts ?
FDA's STORMTROOPERS
By Attorney Jonathan Emord
December 21 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Over a year ago , the FDA adopted a 1,000 plus page final rule on Good Manufacturing Practices ( GMPs ) , mandating process controls from source to finished product for dietary supplements .
It did so presumably to protect the American public from adulterated products but it is imposed on every company , not just those that cause harm .
The rules impose substantial new compliance requirements and costs on every company in the industry .
Under this new prior restraint , a product is deemed adulterated as a matter of law if a company fails to keep “ adequate ” records or to follow procedures in a manner that FDA deems “ appropriate . ”
Some would consider it ironic that the major trade association for the dietary supplement industry , the Natural Products Association , first proposed the GMP rule to FDA .
Others , including me , find nothing unusual about this because major players in virtually every maturing market favor imposition of “ public interest ” regulation to increase costs of entry and business for smaller competitors , thus driving them out of business and securing the larger firms ’ market shares .
The GMP rules are particularly wicked because they give virtually unbridled discretion to FDA agents in determining the adequacy of compliance measures and any measure deemed inadequate is defined as an act of adulteration as a matter of law .
The Final Rule does include a chilling admission that FDA enforcement of it will cull from the industry a quarter or more of all companies now in business , will exact a disproportionate penalty on small companies , will increase unemployment , will limit entry into the dietary supplement market , and will increase the costs of supplements .
At the same time , because the dietary supplement market is already characterized by remarkable safety , it will yield no provable improvement in public safety .
Over a year ago my firm issued a notice to clients warning of the imminent implementation of the draconian rule .
That notice included a doctored photo from the 1930s of stormtroopers invading Paris marching under the Arc de Triumph .
It was entitled , “ Here Come the Stormtroopers ” and raised several eyebrows , including ones at the FDA .
Through the magic of digital imaging , we had the Nazi soldiers images modified to include FDA tags on their shirts and standards bearing not the Nazi emblem but that of the FDA .
The picture produced the effect we desired , alerting clients to a threat of abuse of power .
We wanted to awaken an industry preoccupied with surviving a recession to the very real peril we saw coming from FDA enforcement of the new rules .
Many in the industry presumed that if their products were safe to consume their government would not destroy them so long as they agreed to correct errors that were technical in nature .
We advised to the contrary .
We were right .
The proof is now in the offing .
Within the last three months , the FDA has unleashed its agents across the United States , visiting company after company .
Our phones ring daily with stories of new FDA investigations .
The agency is conducting more inspections of dietary supplement companies than ever before in the same time span .
Advertisement
In 18th Century England , the right of a person to be safe in his person and effects against unreasonable search and seizure first arose in British law .
At that time , radical Whigs who engaged in comments critical of the Crown and majority party ( i.e. , seditious libel ) heard thereafter the unfriendly knock of the constable who would enter a house or place of business and ransack it , combing over the premises for any possible evidence of illegality .
Upon finding that evidence , the party responsible would be arrested and tried .
General warrants , as they were called , were issued without probable cause of illegality and without proof of any imminent threat to the public safety .
At a time when the rights of men were discussed seriously in the Age of Enlightenment , while the theories of individual rights against the state from John Locke , Cato ( the nom de plume of Thomas Gordon and John Trenchard ) , Algernon Sidney , and Edmund Burke among many others circulated , the environment was ripe for taking down tyranny , and change came .
In famous English cases that received applause in the American colonies the General Warrants were condemned , and the law came to respect the rights of citizens to be secure in their papers and effects against unreasonable search and seizure .
That basic right has been lost to the regulatory state .
Under contemporary law , regulators enjoy great power to “ investigate ” without probable cause of illegality .
Moreover , regulators can obtain warrants without notice to the regulatee , enabling them to seize and remove all manner of products , confidential papers , and materials on the strength of a mere affidavit alleging that there is , e.g. , “ adulteration . ”
Because mere record keeping omissions or mistakes under the GMP Final Rule constitute adulteration by operation of law , it is a simple affair for an investigator to execute an affidavit of a finding of adulteration , triggering a warrant ex parte ( without notice to the regulatee ) from a federal court .
With such extraordinary power at their disposal , rendering them no different from those who executed General Warrants against our forebears , FDA investigators can easily intimidate and humble regulatees .
Uppermost in the mind of the regulatee is that if the investigator chooses to he or she can invariably find something arguably remiss , declare it proof of non-compliance , and endanger the future business of the company .
It is often the case that a party investigated will turn over all manner of information , even beyond what is legally required of them , to satisfy FDA investigators .
Those investigator then return to their offices and comb over the materials for any potential basis for a law violation , alerting other government agencies federal and state if they find matters that might also offend those other agencies ’ regulations .
When violations are found ( and invariably if an agent wants to find a violation he or she will ) , the agency may then refer the matter for civil and criminal prosecution to the United States Attorney .
Prosecutions occur even when there is no evidence of any harm to the public .
Indeed , the product may be health enhancing , but labeled improperly or made without requisite record proof of compliance with the GMPs , yet those technical infractions may be translated into a civil or criminal law violation carrying with it draconinan penalties and even jail time .
The effective return of General Warrants through the regulatory agencies is a remarkable devolution in the history of liberty , one sadly among many .
The scope of liberty available to Americans is shrinking day by day .
We are increasingly becoming wards of an ever expanding state .
With each new law and new agency mandate comes a greater intrusion into our affairs and a constriction of our free choices .
There is a tipping point at which those intrusions will cause such hardship and such interference with the rights of a once free people that those people will demand in overwhelming numbers that the rights violation stop .
We have yet to reach that tipping point , and it is anyone ’s guess when we will .
CHICAGO – Hundreds of women ending their shift as housekeepers at hotels along this city ’s “ Magic Mile ” did n’t board trains and buses to go directly home to their families last night .
Instead , they braved a raw , cold wind coming off Lake Michigan and marched on the Hyatt hotel here , demanding that the Chicago - based mega- chain rehire housekeepers it fired recently in Boston .
The women , members of Unite Here Local 1 , rallied and marched in front of the Park Hyatt , stretching a 150 - foot “ hope quilt . ”
They called on Hyatt to “ bring back the Hyatt 100 , ” housekeepers the chain replaced with cheaper labor in Boston , and demanding that Hyatt end what they called its “ abuse ” of housekeepers throughout North America .
The action followed one last month in which some 300 workers were arrested sitting in the streets outside the hotel , also protesting the Boston firings .
Yesterday ’s protest was part of a second wave of coordinated demonstrations by thousands of workers in at least 12 cities across the United States and Canada in support of the Boston housekeepers .
Hyatt fired the 100 housekeepers from its three Boston hotels after ordering the workers to train “ vacation backups ” from an outsourcing agency .
The firings have triggered outrage across the country , forcing the chain to go on a defensive public relations campaign just as it tries to sell stock in the financial markets .
The company became a publicly traded corporation on Nov. 5 .
Among those condemning the hotel chain for its actions last night was Illinois state Senate Assistant Majority Leader Iris Martinez , who told the workers , “ These people do the hardest work .
It is dignified work .
Your struggle is hard but we are with you all the way .
We will prevail .
Hyatt will not get away with this . ”
Local union leaders , a Catholic priest , Protestant ministers and Jewish community and labor leaders also spoke at the rally .
“ What the Hyatt did to those housekeepers in Boston is unthinkable , and we ’re here to say to the Hyatt that enough is enough , ” said Claudette Evans , a housekeeper at the Hyatt Regency Chicago .
Her mother is also a housekeeper at the hotel .
“ I ’m standing up for those ladies , myself and my mother , because our health and our jobs depend on it , ” she said .
“ Housekeeping is hard work that gets harder every year at the Hyatt , ” said Francine Jones , who has worked at the Hyatt Regency Chicago for 16 years .
“ I had carpal tunnel syndrome in both hands , which required weeks of physical therapy and surgery .
I live with chronic pain in my back and knees from all the heavy lifting and bending I do to change beds , scrub floors and toilets , and push heavy furniture around to vacuum . ”
As she spoke , many in the crowd held up the “ hope quilt ” made by housekeepers from across the continent .
The quilt , which is being brought to all the demonstrations at Hyatt hotels , stitches together the stories of Hyatt housekeepers and the pain they suffer daily in the struggle to provide for their families .
Each of the thousands of patches on the quilt symbolizes a story of pain or injury associated with the job .
Luz Aquino , one of the fired Boston housekeepers , addressed the rally .
“ We were making $ 12 to $ 14 and hour and it was tough to get 19 rooms cleaned in a seven - and - a - half hour shift , ” she said .
“ They cut the pay for the replacement workers to $ 8 an hour and make them clean 28 rooms in a day .
If they ca n’t finish on time they have to stay until they finish all their rooms , without overtime pay .
Some of them work 14 hours to finish but only get paid for seven - and - a - half . ”
Anne -Marie Staessel , communications director for Local 1 , said Hyatt is using the economy as an excuse to dramatically lower the living standards of hotel workers all over the country .
She said the company is eliminating jobs , proposing health care cuts and getting a smaller pool of workers to work harder and faster .
In Chicago , the Hyatt laid off a fifth of its staff between November 2008 and March 2009 , while scheduling almost half of its workers to work overtime between December 2008 and April 2009 .
The hotel has drawn the anger of Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , who has called on his state agencies to boycott the Boston hotels if the fired workers are not restored to their jobs .
Hyatt made over $ 1.3 billion in profits from 2004 to 2008 and , as of late September , had $ 1.3 billion in cash in the bank .
Photo : www.hotelworkersrising.org
We already had the first proper video via G4 earlier in the week , and now the blighters have two more videos , which I ’ve posted below .
The environments really do look as impressive and freely explorable as Splash Damage have been boasting .
We also get to see even more of the romping gun-action , which is making the delay until the end of 2010 all the more frustrating .
This really is one of the most interesting FPS games in development , and I pray Splash Damage have the talent to pull it off .
For a lot of chat about the philosophy and fiction of the world , check out our interview with senior designer Ed Stern .
Moral - reasoning pop quiz :
There ’s a film coming out — a thinly disguised portrayal of a media mogul — and word is that if it ’s released it will hurt the mogul ’s reputation .
Powerful people intervene : they call a meeting and offer the movie studio money — eight hundred and forty - two thousand dollars — to scrap the movie and destroy the negatives .
Would it be wrong for the studio to take the money ?
“ It ’s an interesting question , ” James Lindgren , a law professor at Northwestern , said last week .
The mogul in question was William Randolph Hearst , and the movie was Orson Welles ’s “ Citizen Kane . ”
The studio turned down the offer , but , Lindgren asked , “ had they given in and taken the money , could the studio have been prosecuted for extortion ? ”
David Letterman Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Lindgren was on the topic because of another inflammatory film proposal — the one about the talk - show host who has affairs with female staff members ( the one that the CBS producer Robert Joel Halderman allegedly left , last month , with David Letterman ’s limo driver ) .
Halderman , as everyone knows , is being prosecuted for attempted grand larceny ( he has denied wrongdoing ) , but the act he is accused of committing is blackmail , a crime that , in philosophical and legal circles , presents a conundrum .
Lindgren is the author of a paper called “ Unraveling the Paradox of Blackmail , ” which raises the question : why is blackmail considered a crime ?
The thinking goes like this :
It ’s perfectly legal for Halderman to write , or threaten to write , a screenplay ( or an e-mail to TMZ ) exposing the fact that David Letterman had flings with “ Late Show ” employees .
It ’s also legal for Halderman to ask Letterman for money as part of a business transaction .
So why are the two things illegal when you put them together ?
In other words , Lindgren said , “ Why is it illegal to threaten to do what you can do legally anyway ? ”
“ Pull over at the next bookstore .
I could use a toilet and some biscotti . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Most theorists agree that blackmail should be illegal ; they just ca n’t agree on why .
A few days after Letterman ’s confession , Saul Smilansky , the author of “ Ten Moral Paradoxes , ” said that , in his opinion , what Halderman did was n’t heinous .
“ It ’s not terribly attractive , but it ’s still fairly standard capitalist practice , ” he said .
“ The Marxists used to say that capitalism is like blackmail — everyone tries to buy people off .
Many social transactions look like blackmail when you examine them . ”
He listed a few : “ couples in divorce proceedings basically blackmailing each other to get a better deal , ” consumers telling a company “ if they do n’t get a settlement they ’ll go to the press ” — in other words , any negotiations based on threats .
What makes blackmail different ?
“ There ’s no good reason to allow it , ” Smilansky said .
“ But our attitude towards blackmail , that it ’s so unusual , so terrible — it ’s just sanctimonious . ”
Richard Epstein , the University of Chicago and N.Y.U. law professor , said , “ There ’s this terrible fear of monopoly power .
Halderman is sort of a local monopolist . ”
To show that he should n’t be allowed to “ put the squeeze on the guy , ” Epstein said , “ you have to prove that a world where blackmail is illegal is a better place . ”
Epstein is the author of an essay called “ Blackmail , Inc. , ” in which he describes what it would be like if blackmail were legal and were handled by big corporations .
In that scenario , Epstein said , Halderman would have hired Blackmail , Inc . “ So Blackmail , Inc. , goes to Letterman , and they say , ‘ Look , this is going to really bust your chops if this gets out , but we ’re going to help you keep it a secret .
So the company puts out false public information designed to throw people off the scent . ”
The problem , he said , is that blackmail leads to fraud : “ You lie to the world .
And lying to the world is wrong . ”
Other experts addressed the ick factor .
“ It has something to do with the truth about human psychology , ” Mitchell Berman , a legal theorist at the University of Texas , said .
“ There ’s an anti-commodification norm ” ( meaning that people are n’t O.K. with there being a market for some things ; he mentioned prostitution ) .
Lindgren imagined a cash - free , and legal , scenario : “ If Halderman had said , ‘ Stop doing this or I ’ll expose you , ’ and Letterman said , ‘ I do n’t want to stop doing this , ’ and Halderman had said , ‘ I ’m forcing you to stop doing this or I ’ll ruin your reputation ’ — that would probably not have been blackmail . ”
The Harvard law professor Steven Shavell , who calls himself a “ quasi Letterman fan , ” said the issue lay with Halderman ’s motives : it ’s about “ hurting the person who committed the crime . ”
He suggested that Halderman ’s attempt was wrong for the same reasons that vigilante justice is wrong , and he downplayed the idea of a “ blackmail paradox , ” calling such a notion “ a toy of philosophically oriented academics . ”
A final call went out to Walter Block , the libertarian economist .
Block believes that blackmail , like smoking , is “ yucky ” but should be legal .
“ He only threatened to be a gossip — maybe a screenwriter , ” he said of Halderman .
“ Screenwriting and gossiping are legal .
If it ’s legal to do it , it should be legal to threaten to do it . ”
Of Halderman ’s defense team , he said , “ If the purpose is to promote justice , they should argue that it ’s an unjust law , and he should get off free . ”
Of his fellow ethics experts , he said , “ They would n’t know just law if it bit them in the rear end . ” ♦
A BP worker manning a picket line outside the oil giant 's Eagle Farm petrol refinery this morning has been injured while trying to block a bus from entering at 60 kilometres an hour , union officials say .
Holland Park man Graham Jepp , 39 , was one of 36 BP maintenance workers locked out of the BP Refinery at Pinkenba by the company this morning as a result of a collective agreement dispute .
The Electrical Trades union had set up a picket line outside company offices in Curtin Avenue East at 8 am , two hours after employees were reportedly barred entry to the plant when their security passes were cancelled .
But trouble flared when a contractor driving a BP staff shuttle bus collided with the man as he protested near the driveway .
" His head hit the windshield and then bounced off the driveway , " the union 's BP organiser Garry Rogers told brisbanetimes.com.au from the picket earlier .
Andy Friedman
the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and fries .
And yeah , that makes a kind of sense to the millions and millions served who have gobbled their way through one of his novels only to head straight back to the bookstore starved for more .
But King sells himself short — as do literary critics the world over .
What they see is a blood - soaked popular novelist who employs plot and its parent condition , entertainment , a dirty word to them .
What they overlook is an author who transcends his genre by channeling our cultural fears better than nearly any American author .
Look to the industrial horrors of " Graveyard Shift , " the bioterror ofthe cold - war anxiety of Anyone who doubts King 's chops has simply not read enough of him , not read his O .
Henry prize - winning story , " The Man in the Black Suit , " his novellanor his novels
His latest , 1,088 - page tome , Under the Dome ( Scribner , $ 35 ) , hews to the classic King formula : A community is isolated , a force of horror is introduced .
In this case , Chester 's Mill , Maine , is sealed off from the rest of the world by an invisible force field .
Planes and helicopters and cars and birds crash into it .
A gardener 's hand is severed by it .
Bullets whiz off it .
So do missiles .
No one knows where it came from — whether it is supernatural , a military experiment , or an act of terrorism .
The real focus is not the dome , of course , but what happens beneath it , the " orderless , reasonless beast that can arise when frightened people are provoked . "
King 's ability to create a gripping world is so great , his pacing so effortlessly swift , that it can feel as if you 're caught in a cat 's claws , at once fearful of and delighted by the horrors the next page might bring .
Often that horror is trained on a war vet turned line cook who goes by the nickname Barbie .
He is our doorway to 9/11 , Iraq , Afghanistan , Al Qaeda , waterboarding .
Look to contemporary horror movies like Hostel , Saw , Wolf Creek , The Devil 's Rejects — all of them spotlighting abduction , rape , torture , dismemberment — and you can understand them as offspring of the war on terror .
The world under the dome is born of the same caul , but it 's infinitely more sophisticated , because King knows that the biggest danger comes not from the outside — from bombs , from war , from Islam — but from the mob growing within .
We are all under the dome .
No , not a Big Mac and fries .
A more fitting analogy is country music :
The critics never love it , never give it the respect it deserves , yet the genre prospers , constantly evolving and reinventing its sound with the times , always moored to working people — and the fear and anxiety that are as ingrained in American culture as aspiration .
RELATED LINKS :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
* Karzai said to understand need to combat corruption
* No " smoking gun " evidence against Karzai 's brother
WASHINGTON , Oct 26 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Senator John Kerry on Monday challenged the image of Afghan President Hamid Karzai as a corrupt , weak leader , saying he was a patriot who understood there must be changes among his ministers .
Kerry 's defense of Karzai , in a speech on the war in Afghanistan , contrasted with recent comments by U.S. officials , who have expressed frustration at what they see as the Afghan leader 's refusal to tackle corruption .
" The fact is that this man , I believe , is a patriot ...
He has a commitment to this , " said Kerry , who returned last week from Afghanistan where he helped convince Karzai to participate in a run-off election .
The Massachusetts Democratic who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said it was essential to address the problem of corrupt officials " at every level of government " in Afghanistan .
But , in answer to a question at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington , Kerry said nobody had produced any evidence to support allegations that Karzai 's half - brother has been linked to the drugs trade .
Kerry recalled that during a walk with Karzai in Kabul they had a " direct conversation " about Karzai 's half - brother , Ahmad Wali Karzai .
" I have requested from our intelligence sources and law enforcement folks the smoking gun , the evidence ...
Nobody has ( produced it ) , " Kerry said of the allegations .
Karzai understood the need for changes among his government ministers so services could be better delivered , Kerry said , but the Afghan president could not be expected to announce who he was " moving out " until the election was over .
U.S. officials have expressed reservations about whether a counter - insurgency strategy focused on winning over the Afghan population can work if the people do not see Karzai 's government as legitimate .
During a visit to Kabul in August by U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke , officials said he angered Karzai by warning that Washington would make the fight against corruption a central focus after the August election .
Kerry 's personal diplomacy is credited with helping to persuade a reluctant Karzai to agree last week to the presidential run-off election on Nov. 7 , after a U.N. - backed fraud investigation was launched into the August vote .
Karzai is expected to win the second round against challenger Abdullah Abdullah , largely because of strong support among fellow Pashtuns , Afghanistan 's largest ethnic group .
The run -off takes place as President Barack Obama reviews U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and is considering whether to send thousands more U.S. troops to fight a war that is increasingly unpopular with the American public .
( Editing by Sue Pleming and Chris Wilson ) )
If you 're anxious already about the growing influence of China in America , brace yourselves for the next decade of cars .
The Wall Street Journal points out this afternoon how China 's role in the development , manufacturing and marketing of cars is deeper and wider than ever .
According to the paper , consumer trends now are beginning in the Middle Kingdom and making their way to North America and western Europe , in a reversal of history that shows no sign of abating .
The Journal cites examples from Volkswagen to GM , particularly the deep relationship General Motors has with Chinese consumers and American shoppers under the Buick brand .
For a decade , Buick 's been the spearhead for GM 's growth in China .
Now , the Buick brand 's essentially being reshaped around the American market first , but with China 's needs coming in a strong second .
As TheCarConnection has reported this year , the 2011 Buick Regal will be the clearest example yet of how GM will leverage China in its new , smaller global business .
The Regal started life as an Opel Insignia , then was earmarked for the Saturn brand as a new Aura .
With the closure of Saturn set for December , Buick 's inherited the new Regal by way of China , where the sedan 's already being marketed , with a nearly identical appearance to the car that 's headed to U.S. showrooms next year .
Another prime example : the 2012 Volkswagen " NMS " sedan , to be built in Chattanooga .
As we reported in an exclusive earlier this month , Volkswagen has widened the scope of the Chattanooga plant and its new products , the first of which will be a large four - door sedan that will replace the Passat in American showrooms .
What began as a project dedicated to American consumers will now reach other developing markets , including Russia and India - - and the sedan itself will share much of its running gear with a new sedan to be built in China , sources to TheCarConnection add .
America is n't the only market that feels the influence of China 's growth and maturing industry .
The Journal describes the recent Tokyo motor show and the growing presence of Chinese car companies in the Makuhari Messe , while it also points out that Mercedes - Benz - - which long held up Japan as a prime destination for its cars -- now is focusing styling efforts in China , calling it a " pillar " of the company 's global strategy .
Watching the Chinese market and tapping into its ethos is leading Mercedes to develop its future electric vehicles there -- but it's also helping the company to follow new trends in style , too .
As Mercedes designer Olivier Boulay told the paper , " We want to use China as leverage to push ourselves ... just like we did years ago in Japan . "
[ Wall Street Journal ]
Greetings !
Na’vi is a constructed language spoken by the Na’vi people in the world of James Cameron ’s Avatar .
LearnNavi exists to share the Na’vi language with all who want to learn , as well as to promote and assist in its continuing development .
Whether you are brand - new to Na’vi , or speak it like one of the People , all are welcome !
LearnNavi.org is home of the largest and most active online fan community for Avatar .
Our international community is diverse , accommodating and friendly .
Join us in the forum or Discord !
Ayoel ayngati kameie nìwotx … we see you all !
Site Features and Other LearnNavi Resources
This informational website , like the Na’vi language itself , is vital and constantly evolving .
We have a frequently updated Na’vi - to - English vocabulary section , information on speaking / pronouncing Na’vi , and a grammar and syntax section .
There is also a library of reference materials , including the Na’vi Dictionary in the Media section .
Check back often for updates !
Mobile apps
We have a free Learn Na’vi Mobile App for Apple devices , courtesy of Seze .
For Android users , there is an Android Learn Na’vi app that is still in development .
It is quite stable , but will require downloading and manually installing .
You may have to enable “ Unknown sources ” in your device ’s security settings .
Interact
LearnNavi Forum : Discuss the Na’vi language and the film with others , get feedback , and perhaps learn something new .
Or just join in for conversation with the friendliest community on the net !
Discord server ( DiscordApp.com )
LearnNavi relies on MXGuardDog spam blocker for email filtering .
James Cameron 's
Avatar will be hitting theaters this weekend , and if you , like most of us , have been sucked in by all of the hype and simply can't wait for the big day , why not experience the world of Pandora a little early with Gameloft 's new iPhone and iPod touch Avatar game ?
James Cameron 's Avatar , the game , takes place two full decades prior to the events in the film , which will allow you to get a glimpse into how the very first avatar came to be .
The game gives you the chance to explore 15 different levels within the Avatar universe , including human - built mines , military strongholds , and lush jungles as you attempt to ward off the human invaders .
It even features the voice of Neytiri from the film to narrate the story .
Avatar features a virtual on - screen joystick and buttons that should allow you to easily control your character during the many platforming elements , while also providing you with enough precision to unleash some of the many weapons and combat combos .
James Cameron 's Avatar is now available in the App Store for $ 9.99 .
Embedded below is a brand new gameplay trailer for the game and an interview with Avatar 's producer , Jon Landau .
Rumors of Edge of Twilight ’s cancellation and Fuzzyeyes ’ demise were on pretty much every video game site on the net recently .
We here at GamingDead.com were pretty broken up about it , choosing not to cover the story in the hope that it was a cruel , groundless lie .
If you think we overreacted , you likely have n’t read about this promising game , or watched its awesome trailers .
Well , we ’ve got some good news , and we ’ve got some bad news .
Let ’s start with the good news ; the game ’s not dead !
This is n’t the first challenge Edge of Twilight has faced .
It ’s a survivor .
Now , the bad news .
I ’ll let Fuzzyeyes ’ Wei -Yao Lu deliver it .
As of the 30th of September , FUZZYEYES has let go the majority of staff as FUZZYEYES was
confronted with number of challenges , including economic downturn and some legal
complications .
In order to reduce the operating cost during this problematic time ,
FUZZYEYES came to a difficult and unfortunate decision to reduce the number of staff to
a minimum .
As of the 5th of October , FUZZYEYES has struck a deal to sell portion of shares to a third party
company .
During this transition period , FUZZYEYES will temporarily seize further
development on any project .
However , FUZZYEYES is still in business and the office is
still open .
Until the transition is fully settled , FUZZYEYES will suspend all onsite
development , but all out sourced development is still on going .
FUZZYEYES will be back
in full operation after the settlement , and a number of FUZZYEYES ex-employees has
been offered a position in early 2010 .
Further details will be released once the transition
has fully completed .
Do n’t you die on us , Edge of Twilight !
Jack Caine ( Dolph Lundgren ) is a Houston vice cop who 's forgotten the rule book .
His self - appointed mission is to stop the drugs trade and the number one supplier Victor Manning .
Whilst involved in an undercover operation to entrap Victor Manning , his partner gets killed , and a sinister newcomer enters the scene ...
Along with F.B.I. agent Lawrence Smith , the two investigate a spate of mysterious deaths ; normal non-junkies dying of massive heroin overdoses and bearing the same horrific puncture marks on the forehead .
This , coupled with Caine 's own evidence , indicates an alien force is present on the streets of Houston , killing and gathering stocks of a rare drug found only in the brain ...
Caine is used to fighting the toughest of criminals , but up to now they 've all been human ...
Written by anonymous
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Iraq war was of " questionable legitimacy " even though it is unlikely to be proved illegal , a former senior diplomat has said .
Sir Jeremy Greenstock , the UK's ambassador to the UN in 2003 , said the invasion did not have the backing of most UN members or the UK public .
But he said he believed the US and UK had " established " its legality and that it had never been challenged in court .
The inquiry is looking into the background to the 2003 invasion .
Inquiry members , headed by Sir John Chilcot , are initially concentrating on UK - US relations in the run-up to war and the UK 's assessment of Iraq 's military threat .
On its fourth day of public hearings , the inquiry examined failed efforts to resolve the Iraq crisis through the United Nations .
Legality Sir Jeremy , the UK's permanent representative to the UN between 1997 and 2003 , was centre stage in UK - led efforts to negotiate a second UN resolution on Iraq in early 2003 , seen by many countries as necessary to directly authorise military action .
But Tony Blair told the House of Commons the French had said they would veto a second resolution and it never went to a Security Council vote .
It is also known that other security council members would not back the resolution , leading critics to claim the subsequent invasion was illegal .
If you do something internationally that the majority of UN member states think is wrong , illegitimate or politically unjustifiable , you are taking a risk in my view
Sir Jeremy Greenstock
Analysis : Chilcot week one Sir Jeremy said he believed existing UN resolutions provided " sufficient legal cover " for future action but only if Iraq was found to be in material breach of its disarmament obligations .
Asked about the legality of the war , he said there were different opinions and that a " final and conclusive " verdict was never likely to be made .
But he added : " If you do something internationally that the majority of UN member states think is wrong , illegitimate or politically unjustifiable , you are taking a risk in my view . "
" I regarded our participation in the military action against Iraq in March 2003 as legal but of questionable legitimacy in that it did not have the democratically observable backing of a great majority of member states or even perhaps of a majority of people inside the UK .
" There was a failure to establish legitimacy although I think we successfully established legality in the UN .... to the degree , at least , that we were never challenged in the UN or International Court of Justice for those actions . "
' Grounds for war '
Sir Jeremy also said he believed war may " possibly " have been averted if the weapons inspectors had been given more time in early 2003 .
INQUIRY TIMELINE November - December : Former top civil servants , spy chiefs , diplomats and military commanders to give evidence January - February 2010 : Tony Blair , Gordon Brown and other politicians expected to appear before the panel March 2010 : Inquiry expected to adjourn ahead of the general election campaign July - August 2010 : Inquiry expected to resume Report set to be published in late 2010 or early 2011
Iraq inquiry : Day - by - day timeline Q&A : Iraq war inquiry
However , he said he still felt that Iraq had been concealing some illegal materials or programmes : " I still believe there is something there but it is a question of what that something is . "
Sir Jeremy said Iraq 's representative at the UN told him in September 2002 that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) but the UK government was not in a position to ascertain whether this was true .
He said UK policy was driven by the belief that Iraq had WMD and any talk from the US of other motivations for war , such as regime change , were " unhelpful " .
Throughout the process the UK government believed dealing with Iraq was in the national interest , he said , but felt this should be done through " collective action " and on the basis of UN authorisation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said he did not " recall " being consulted about an alleged change in the UK's approach to Iraq in April 2002 , the point when critics of the war say that Mr Blair signed up to military action .
But , by early 2003 , it was clear the UK had given a " commitment " that should the US go to war , the UK would fight alongside it .
Second resolution UN Security Council resolution 1441 , agreed in November 2002 , gave Saddam Hussein a " final opportunity " to declare his weapons stockpile and co-operate with inspectors or face serious consequences .
WITNESSES ON FRIDAY Sir Jeremy Greenstock , UK Permanent Representative to the UN 1997 - 2003
Analysis : tolerant or critical ?
How US has investigated Iraq war Send us your comments Asked about the UK 's objective in seeking a further UN resolution , Sir Jeremy said one of the reasons was to try and obtain " the safest possible legal grounds for use of force should that be necessary " .
Although the US felt it did not need a further resolution to justify military action it realised that the UK , as its main ally , would benefit from this , explained the former ambassador .
The failure to do this was damaging in terms of public perceptions of the reasons for going to war , he added .
" What we were left with by the failure of diplomacy was the US set of reasons for going to war with Iraq not the British ones . "
Reacting to Sir Jeremy 's comments , the Lib Dems said he had been put in an " impossible situation " by Tony Blair and the inquiry needed to thoroughly examine questions about the war 's legality .
The SNP said the government 's case for war was being undermined " with every evidence session " .
The government has always insisted it acted in good faith over Iraq on the basis on the intelligence available .
The Iraq inquiry , set up by Prime Minister Gordon Brown in July , is due to report by the end of 2010 .
He and Mr Blair are expected to be among future witnesses along with former senior advisers and military figures .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Strikes , marches , blockades , occupations and nights of fire are setting the climate before the critical weekend of the first anniversary of Alexandros Grigoropoulos murder .
Political and social tension is rising across greece before the critical weekend ( Saturday 5 - Monday 7 ) that marks the first year anniversary of the assassination of Alexandros Grigoropoulos and the subsequent December Uprising .
On the labour front , a series of sectors are restless .
On Monday 30/11
Athens saw a demo of hospital doctors who went on a 24h strike in front of the Evangelismos hospital .
At the same time nurses of the Agia Eleni hospital have occupied the management offices of the hospital demanding that employed nurses are removed from office work and placed only in medical care .
On the telecom front , the workers of Wind have called another 24h strike for Thursday 3/12 in response to the forced " voluntary exit " of 200 workers .
At the same time archaeologists employed by the Ministry of Culture have called a 48h strike for Wednesday and Thursday demanding immediate payment of all salaries .
The archaeologists gathered in front of the Archaeological Museum of Athens and marched to the Ministry .
On the heavy industry side , steel workers have called a 24h strike in protest to the layoff of 16 workers at the National Steelworks .
The workers have gathered in front of the main factory of the industry and are closing on and off the national highway south of Athens .
On the public sector on Wednesday 2/12 stage workers of the municipality of Salonica have blockaded the municipal headquarters disallowing all citizens and employers to enter the premises .
The workers are demanding the revision of the new government 's plans regarding the integration of stage workers to permanent employment .
On the farming side of things , peach producers have been blockading the Egnatia national highway , halting all traffic from Salonica west , demanding that the Ministry of Agriculture fix a universal price for their products .
Finally a striking event much discussed even in the mainstream media is an acid attack against the car of a cleaner , Venetia Monalopoulou , contracted to the Airport of Salonica .
The cleaner is a leading syndicalist playing an important role in the efforts to built a united autonomous union front of cleaners on the model put forward by K. Kouneva , the Athens cleaner who is still in hospital a year after an assassination attempt against her with sulphuric acid .
The latest attack came during an assembly of the cleaners and has been condemned by the cleaners as " boss terrorism " .
On the student front , a protest march took to the streets of Athens amongst piles of ungathered garbage due to a blockade of the Fylis refuse dump by locals .
The students protested the closure of their schools by a collaboration if rectorial and police authorities during the 36th anniversary of the November 17 Uprising last month .
A similar protest march took to the streets of the city of Volos on Tuesday 1/12 .
At the same time workers of the University of the Peloponese who have been occupying the rectorial headquarters of their university moved on Wednesday 2/12 to blockade the main Corinthian highway , thus putting all southbound circulation in the peninsula to a halt .
On the anti-repression front , as the trial of the imprisoned anarchist Ilias Nikolaoy started on Wednesday morning under draconian police presence , a big motorised protest march took to the prisons of Diavata the previous night .
At the same time a big protest march took to the streets of Salonica on Monday 30 / 12 protesting against the para - state bomb attack against the Bueno Ventura antiauthoritarian social centre last week .
A day earlier another anti-repression protest march took to the streets of Petralona in Athens against the petrol bomb attack against the house of a member of the Revolutionary Workers Party who is actively involved in the anti-gentrification movement in the area .
At the same time two new squats have appeared in the archipelagos of social antagonism : on in Exarcheia and on in Corfu .
The latter has been receiving pressure of eviction by local cops .
Finally the already tense social and political climate has been punctuated by a series of attacks against state and capitalist targets throughout the country .
The latest of these was Tuesday night 's blitz molotov attack against the commercial centre of Kaisariani , an eastern suburb of Athens , targetting mainly banks .
In Salonica , a series of attacks against houses of policemen , judges and newspaper managers with small range explosive devices has been claimed by a the urban guerrilla group Convention of Anomics / Ministers of Erebus .
President Obama will finally have a bipartisan piece of legislation passed through Congress because opposition to the troop surge he proposes in Afghanistan is so strong within his own party .
" The president is going to have to count on getting almost all Republicans to support this funding , because he 's unlikely to get more than half the Democrats , especially in the House , " notes George Stephanopoulos of ABC News .
Make no mistake about how badly the Afghan decision is playing among media allies and grassroots supporters of the president .
Several highlighted the contradiction between Mr. Obama announcing the sending of 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan and also insisting he will begin to pull them out in 2011 .
" Where 's the hope ? . . .
It sounds more Rube Goldberg than ' Remember the Alamo , ' " was the reaction of MSNBC host Chris Matthews last night .
" If I were with the Taliban right now , I 'd put a little Post - it up on that month in 2011 , and say : ' This is when we do OUR surge . ' "
Pat Caddell , a Democratic pollster who worked for both George McGovern and Jimmy Carter , says liberals in the party will consider the president 's decision " a betrayal . "
He notes that Mr. Obama won the Democratic nomination in 2008 in large part because he opposed intervention in Iraq while downplaying the support he'd given to the U.S. commitment in Afghanistan .
Liberals were not prepared to have Mr. Obama become a war president in his own right , which is what last night 's speech has made him .
" There was something strange in last night 's speech to liberal ears , " says Mr. Caddell .
" I thought it was the best delivered George W. Bush speech he 's ever given . "
Mr. Caddell does n't believe liberals will abandon Mr. Obama , but says the White House should be worried about the " enthusiasm level " of its base .
" It will show up in fundraising , candidate recruitment and turnout in the mid-term elections , " he says .
http://www.youtube.com/view_play_list?p=CD29B57AEEDC8C9B
Synth Britannia is a BBC documentary about synth music in the UK .
VideodromeDisco posted this to YouTube – so you might want to watch it right now .
No need to shout ( Image : Stephen Mallon / Riser / Getty )
If you struggle to follow the conversation at noisy parties , music lessons might help .
Nina Kraus and colleagues at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , have previously shown that playing an instrument seems to enhance our ability to pick up emotional cues in conversation .
Now her team has found differences in brain activity that they say make musicians better at picking out speech from background noise .
Advertisement
After establishing that musicians are better at repeating a sentence heard in the presence of background noise , the researchers asked 16 lifelong musicians and 15 non-musicians to listen to speech in a quiet or noisy environment while they were wearing scalp electrodes to monitor their brain activity .
Slow reactions
Background noise delayed the brain ’s response , but this delay was much shorter in the musicians .
What ’s more , in the noisy environment , the musicians ’ brainwaves were more similar to the sound waves of the speech than in non-musicians .
The difference could be partly genetic , but Kraus says training is likely to help .
“ Musicians spend a lot of time extracting particular sounds from a soundscape . ”
If that is the case , musical training could provide real benefits to children with autism or language difficulties , who tend to find understanding speech in a noisy environment particularly difficult , says Kraus – and for other children too .
“ Music education is not just about teaching your child how to play the flute , it ’s about teaching your child to function better in our noisy auditory environment , ” she says .
Journal reference : The Journal of Neuroscience , DOI : 10.1523/jneurosci.3256-09.2009
Product Watch : Voice Encryption Firm Offers $ 250 K In Gold To Hack Its Technology
Mobile security firm Gold Lock offers even bigger golden reward for successfully cracking its voice encryption
An Israeli mobile security firm that a month ago offered $ 100,000 in gold to anyone who could hack its voice encryption technology has upped the ante to $ 250,000 .
Gold Lock posted a sample of an encrypted voice conversation on its Website and is offering the golden reward to any hackers who can crack it and send the company a transcript of the call .
Gold Lock , which sells military - grade mobile devices and data and voice encryption tools , says the voice call file has been downloaded more than 1,000 times in the Gold Lock Hacker Challenge contest .
But that 's nowhere near the number the vendor had expected , so it decided to make the contest more attractive with a bigger bounty .
" Since 2003 , we have been telling everyone how our products provide unbreakable protection for their voice and data transmissions , but talk is cheap .
So now we are putting our claims to the ultimate test by inviting anyone that thinks they have the skills to take us down , " said Noam Copel , CEO of Gold Lock , in a statement .
Copel says he does n't expect to have to give away the gold , however .
" I do n't think there is a chance at all that I 'll be giving away the gold .
No individual , group or intelligence agency has the skills , technology or time needed to defeat our technology , " he said .
Gold Lock 's technology automatically changes the keys several times for each voice call , for instance , which makes it difficult to grab a set of keys and decrypt them .
Even so , the company says its technology is simple to use and does n't require special technical skills .
The Israeli Ministry of Defense is among the customers that has licensed Gold Lock 's products .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
In the story making the rounds here in Mexico ’s drug capital , the setting is a beauty parlor .
A woman with wealth obtained legally openly criticizes a younger patron who is married to a trafficker .
The “ narco - wife ” orders the hairdresser to shave the first woman ’s head .
Terrified , the hairdresser complies .
Urban legend or real ?
It almost does n’t matter ; it ’s the sort of widely repeated account that both intimidates and titillates .
And it highlights a disturbing trend :
As drug violence seeps deeper into Mexican society , women are taking a more hands - on role .
In growing numbers , they are being recruited into the ranks of drug smugglers , dealers and foot soldiers .
And in growing numbers , they are being jailed , and killed , for their efforts .
Here in Sinaloa , the nation ’s oldest drug - producing region and home to its most powerful cartel , the wives of drug lords were long viewed as trophies with rhinestone - studded fingernails and endless surgical enhancements .
Advertisement
Now wives -- and mothers and daughters -- are being used by male traffickers because women can more easily pass through the military checkpoints that have popped up along many drug - transport routes .
As Mexico has become a nation that also consumes drugs , women have become addicts , which sucks them into the narcotics underworld .
Mexico ’s worst economic crisis since World War II is also helping to fuel the trend ; for desperate women , dealing and smuggling are often seen as a more “ dignified ” job than prostitution , said Pedro Cardenas , a Sinaloa state public security official in charge of prisons .
Drug violence that preys on women , in a patriarchal , macho society such as that of Sinaloa , has become an urgent problem in the last year , which has seen more killings than ever before , said Margarita Urias , head of the Sinaloa Institute for Women .
Advertisement
The trend could ultimately pose a threat to the stability of family structures in Mexico , a country where the woman is usually the glue holding a family together .
“ It is a social cancer contaminating women who were n’t touched before , ” Urias said .
“ When we are so vulnerable , how do we educate and bring up our children ?
When insecurity overwhelms us , how do we inject values into our homes ?
How can we remain immune ? ”
He ’s free , she ’s not
Advertisement
Veronica Vasquez curses her drug - smuggling husband .
He was n’t at home the night the army came calling .
She did n’t have time to dispose of the bags of cocaine he had hidden in the bedroom .
Now she ’s serving five years in the crowded prison in Culiacan , the capital of Sinaloa , and he ’s still free .
“ I am paying for his crime , ” said Vasquez , 32 .
“ But I knew what he was doing . ”
Vasquez , who has two children , lost not just her freedom but all the trappings of the good life she enjoyed .
The jewelry and designer handbags and fancy sunglasses , all within easy grasp without really having to work very hard .
Advertisement
“ It is all gone , ” she said .
As for her husband : “ He is dead to me . ”
Carmen Elizalde was caught transporting 220 pounds of cocaine from Panama to Mexico .
Nabbed on the Honduran border with Guatemala and sentenced to 18 years in prison , she says the deal was her husband ’s doing .
She ’d been duped , she said , into going along on what he portrayed as a vacation in Panama .
But she did n’t ask many questions either .
“ Truth is , I did n’t want to examine his activities , ” said Elizalde , 49 , a mother of two with a smooth , plump face and perfectly arched eyebrows .
“ He was giving us a good life , and I did n’t care where the money came from . ”
Mirna Cartagena blames no one but herself .
She wanted the quick , easy money .
For $ 1,000 , all she had to do was put about 7 pounds of cocaine in her suitcase and board a bus from Culiacan to Mexicali , a city that sits on the border with California .
Police pulled her from the bus about halfway along the route , and she was sentenced to 10 years in prison .
Advertisement
“ It was a matter of necessity and ignorance , of not thinking of alternatives , ” Cartagena , 31 , said with a toss of her long , curly hair , peering from behind sunglasses .
Nearly a quarter of the inmates in the Culiacan prison are female ; nationally , it ’s 5 % .
The most dramatic change is the type of conviction .
A decade ago , the vast majority of women in prison were there for theft or “ crimes of passion , ” such as the killing of a spouse or lover .
Today the statistics have been turned upside down :
The majority are incarcerated for crimes related to drug trafficking , Cardenas said , and 80 % of first - time inmates are addicts or users .
In the bloody battles to dominate the drug trade , the traditional codes among traffickers that left families untouched have largely broken down .
Being a narco - wife is not the armor it once was .
Advertisement
Golden sandals
Maria Jose Gonzalez seemed to have everything going for her .
Her curvaceous looks won the crown at the Sun Festival beauty pageant .
She had a budding career as a singer with hopes of a recording deal .
And she must have had some smarts too , because she had studied law .
The 22 - year - old ’s body was found dumped along a road on the southern edge of Culiacan last spring , near a sign that warns , “ Do n’t throw trash . ”
Nearby was the body of her husband , Omar Antonio Avila , a used - car salesman .
She had been shot in the head ; he was blindfolded and his hands handcuffed behind his back .
Her eyes were open , staring skyward .
She wore golden sandals .
The road where they were discovered is frequently used to dump the murder victims that haunt Culiacan .
The road meanders into bushy countryside , winding around the back wall of an affluent residential community with its own man-made lake popular with people on jet skis .
Wooden crosses and tiny shrines mark where bodies have appeared .
The area is known as La Primavera .
Springtime .
Advertisement
Authorities suspect that Gonzalez and her husband got mixed up with the Sinaloa cartel , members of which may have blamed them for the loss of 9 tons of marijuana in an army raid shortly before the couple were slain .
Zulema Hernandez ended up in prison on armed - robbery charges .
There she met Mexico ’s most notorious drug lord , Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman , the head of the Sinaloa cartel , who was serving out a sentence until he famously escaped in 2001 by bribing guards and hiding in a bundle of outgoing laundry .
While the two were doing time in the Puente Grande maximum - security prison outside Guadalajara , Hernandez , in her early 20s , became Guzman ’s mistress .
“ After the first time , he sent to my cell a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of whiskey , ” Hernandez told Mexican author Julio Scherer for a book he wrote on prisons .
“ I was his queen . ”
Advertisement
She told another reporter in 2002 that she became pregnant by El Chapo but miscarried after being beaten by guards .
By the time she was released in 2003 , Hernandez had apparently picked up some of her lover ’s tricks of the trade :
She was arrested less than a year later with 2 tons of cocaine .
Lawyers supplied by El Chapo helped her file a peculiarly Mexican injunction used to stop many a prosecution , and she was free again in 2006 .
She quickly became the Sinaloa cartel ’s agent in Mexico City , authorities said , transporting cocaine into the capital ’s neighborhoods -- relatively new terrain for the organization .
Last December , her body was found in the trunk of a car outside Mexico City .
She had been shot in the head .
Carved into her breasts , stomach and buttocks was the letter Z , symbol of the notorious gang of hit men called the Zetas , archenemies of El Chapo .
She was 35 .
Advertisement
A year earlier , the fugitive Guzman had married his third wife the day she turned 18 : Emma Coronel , another beauty pageant winner , who is one - third her husband ’s age .
At one point , she was reportedly seen around Culiacan , frequenting the hair and nail salons that cater to narco - wives and other young women who emulate the style : glamorous ‘ dos and fingernails longer than toes , bejeweled or painted with elaborate designs or pictures of cartoon characters .
More recently , she was said to be in hiding .
On average in Sinaloa this year , a woman was killed every week in what authorities believe to be gangland hits .
Two women driving on a state highway last month were intercepted by two carloads of gunmen and pulled from their vehicle as their horrified children watched .
Their bullet - scarred bodies , heads wrapped in plastic bags , were found a few hours later .
One was believed to be a wife of one of the Sinaloa cartel ’s top kingpins , Victor Emilio Cazares .
The allure persists
Advertisement
Despite the risks , the drug world life continues to appeal to a subset of young women , generating its own lore , especially here in Sinaloa .
Two days before Christmas , federal police arrested Miss Sinaloa , the state ’s reigning beauty queen , and seven men , all of whom were paraded before television cameras and accused of trafficking cocaine .
A cache of high - powered weapons and tens of thousands of dollars were seized from their vehicle .
Laura Zuniga , 23 , was never charged and went free after 38 days under a form of house arrest .
Tagged “ Miss Narco ” by the Mexican media , Zuniga acknowledged that her boyfriend was the brother of a big trafficker , but she said her beau was not involved in the business , although she was n’t sure what he did for a living .
She was stripped of a title she had won in an international contest .
But she remains Miss Sinaloa .
Advertisement
For many women , joining this life is not a matter of choice .
They are press - ganged , pushed by parents seeking wealth and influence , or do n’t know what they ’re getting into , said Urias , the women ’s institute official .
And escape is rarely an option .
A few women have managed to flee drug - trafficking husbands , and have taken refuge in a shelter whose location is a tightly held secret .
Teresita tried for four years to get away from a husband who beat her , cheated on her and partied endlessly with his drug - dealing friends .
“ He was high all the time , ” she said in an interview at the shelter .
The Times agreed not to publish her last name .
Advertisement
She went to the police and the courts , but no one helped .
After one particularly bad beating , she gathered up her two children and moved in with her sister .
But her husband followed her , threatened to burn the house down and shot out the outside lights .
The goons who worked with him menaced Teresita and her family .
Teresita , a 28 - year - old brunet with large , almond - shaped eyes , had known her husband since she was 16 .
Her sister had married his brother .
But drugs and the business had changed him .
She finally became convinced that he would kill her and kidnap the children and found her way to the agency that runs the shelter .
There she has remained with her children , trying to learn how to use a computer and other skills that will help her rebuild her life .
Advertisement
But most of the women who have left narco - husbands have to be transferred out of the state and sometimes out of the country to really be safe .
Teresita has a simple wish : “ I just want to be in a place where I am not afraid to walk outside . ”
--
wilkinson@latimes.com
You know what 's worse than showing your Bitter Beer Face to the world after you passed on Apple 's iPhone and let AT&T enjoy the spoils ?
Raising your early termination fee to stratospheric heights .
Just over a year ago , we honestly though this whole ETF thing was headed in the right direction , as most of the major carriers ( VZW included ) sought to prorate contracts in order to lessen the charge as one 's contract drew closer to an end .
Now , however , Big Red is evidently gearing up to pull a 180 , with the slide above showing a $ 350 ETF for " advanced " devices ( read : probably anything deemed a smartphone ) .
The newly hiked rate will go into effect on November 15th , and while that $ 350 will decrease by $ 10 per month over the life of the agreement , this pretty much guarantees that you wo n't be adding a line , disconnecting and then flipping that phone on eBay .
The Bowl Championship Series can probably survive controversy and silliness and talk - radio arguments and , more than likely , political bullying from windbag representatives interested mainly in their reelections .
What the BCS ca n’t survive is the overhanging cloud of scandal or conspiracy .
We ’re starting to hear whispers : I can verify the source of one of these rumors because I started it .
Pssssst :
The top schools appear to be getting BCS protection from officials because it ’s in the best interest of the conferences for the best teams to win .
Advertisement
A second team in the BCS means an additional $ 4.5 million to conference coffers .
A conference advancing a team to the national - title game brings huge exposure and revenue to the school and the league .
Superstars always get preferential treatment , if you believe your eyes and the shady accounts of an ex-NBA referee , who traded his old stripes for prison stripes .
Did n’t Magic Johnson get every call at the end of the important playoff game ?
Advertisement
Yeah , but that ’s different .
In a seven - game series , things tend to even out . . . or at least sometimes .
In college football , one bad call can cost you everything .
Do officials want the best teams to win ?
No way -- that ’s impossible to believe .
Advertisement
But there have been enough strange calls lately to warrant a serious crackdown on getting it right for the sake of not having columns like this written .
Two weeks ago , Florida got the benefit of several calls in a close win against Arkansas , so many in fact that the SEC suspended the crew .
A week ago , Tennessee lost to Alabama by two after a last - second field - goal try was blocked .
Volunteers Coach Lane Kiffin said he did n’t run another play to get his kicker closer because he feared getting called for another penalty .
Tennessee had eight flags in the game to Alabama ’s one .
Saturday , Indiana caught the short end of several calls that benefited Iowa , an undefeated team with national - title aspirations .
Advertisement
Indianapolis Star columnist Bob Kravitz wrote the game felt “ like a Brinks robbery ” and made note of “ an inept group of officials who took 14 IU points off the board with bogus calls on obvious touchdown passes . ”
The most egregious error occurred when the replay booth overruled an Indiana touchdown that would have given the Hoosiers a 28 - 14 lead .
A scoring pass to Terrance Turner was ruled complete on the field .
The referee was in perfect position to make the call and did not hesitate in his decision .
Yet , upon further review , it was overruled in the booth .
Advertisement
Wait a minute -- what happened to irrefutable proof ?
A few weeks earlier , Washington shocked Arizona on a pass that deflected off an Arizona receiver ’s foot , with the Washington player returning the “ interception ” for the game - winning score .
It seemed impossible the ball did n’t hit the ground .
Given Arizona ’s only other loss this year was to Iowa , and that Arizona is the only Pac - 10 or Big Ten team never to play in a Jan. 1 Rose Bowl , that call may turn out to mean something .
Advertisement
I called Verle Sorgen , director of instant replay for the league , and he gave me an emphatic explanation .
He said there must be irrefutable proof that the original call was wrong .
What does that mean ?
Sogren said if you gathered 100 college football experts in a room to look at the play , 99 of them would have to come to a consensus .
Advertisement
Wow , that ’s some burden of irrefutable proof , but if that ’s the rule . . .
OK , then , how do you explain the Big Ten overturning Saturday ’s call in Iowa City ?
No one with two eyes could say it was irrefutable that Turner was not inbounds when he caught the pass .
Instead of a touchdown , Indiana settled for a field - goal attempt that went awry and Iowa soon tied the score and won in a runaway .
Advertisement
It is not enough , in hindsight , for the conferences to keep issuing apologies .
There has to be a better answer than conference commissioners reprimanding coaches for criticizing officiating crews that end up getting suspended because the coaches were right about the refs being wrong .
The SEC admitted that its officials blew it in Florida - Arkansas and the Big Ten should admit that the Indiana touchdown should have been upheld .
How about some consistency ?
Advertisement
Because the Pac - 10 and Big Ten champions play each other in the Rose Bowl , it makes sense that irrefutable proof in one league should be irrefutable in the other .
Instead of apologizing all the time , how about getting the call right ?
Or else , junk instant replay .
If we , the non-experts , can see it , why ca n’t the experts ?
The future of the BCS ultimately hinges on its transparency and the integrity of its games .
Advertisement
It was outrageous , but hilariously OK to me , when USC in 2003 finished No. 1 in both polls but could n’t play in the BCS title game because it finished No. 3 in the standings .
Hey , they came up with these stupid rules and that ’s just the way it shook out .
Besides , an acceptable outcome prevailed when the AP voted USC a share of the national title .
It was less OK in 2004 , however , when Texas edged California for a Rose Bowl spot because deciding votes suspiciously tipped toward Texas even after Cal beat Southern Mississippi on the road .
Advertisement
The aftermath of this was so ugly that the AP pulled out of the BCS formula and several news organizations , mine included , issued a ban forbidding their writers from participation in polls .
In the news business , credibility is imperative .
It must also be for the BCS .
If you ’re going to continue with this unbelievable creation to ferret out championships , it has to be believable .
Advertisement
--
chris.dufresne@latimes.com
Fifth Gear replicates the classic Hot Wheels loop - the - loop , performing the world record for the largest 360 degree loop in a real car , a Toyota Aygo .
Here 's how they did it .
Advertisement
First , Fifth Gear needed to find out how fast he needed to go to hit the 40 - foot - tall full - size Hot Wheels loop .
The physics equations are pretty simple for finding what the minimum speed the car can have at the top of the loop to perform a successful loop .
The answer , in this case , given the car 's weight and the size of the loop , was 36 MPH .
A bigger issue , however , was the question of what that gravitational forces would exert on the car given that forward momentum .
Given speed and weight , we can expect to see a sizable gravitational force — say , six G's — upon the occupant .
So , will Fifth Gear 's stunt driver be able to overcome that gravitational force ?
Well , yeah , duh .
But let 's watch it anyway .
I ’m always looking for that links
gen_server behaviour is the easiest of all behaviours out there , and the source below is an equivalent of the code I showed before .
- module ( gs ) . - behaviour ( gen_server ) . %% API - export ( [ start_link /1 ] ) .
- export ( [ inc / 2 , dec / 2 , get /1 , set /2 ] ) . % % gen_server callbacks - export ( [ init / 1 , handle_call /3 , handle_cast /2 , handle_info/2 , terminate / 2 , code_change /3 ] ) .
start_link ( InitialCounter ) -> gen_server : start_link (?MODULE , [ InitialCounter ] , [ ] ) . inc( Pid , Val ) -> ok = gen_server : cast ( Pid , {inc , Val} ) .
dec( Pid , Val ) -> ok = gen_server : cast ( Pid , {dec , Val} ) .
get ( Pid ) -> {counter , State} = gen_server : call( Pid , get ) , State . set ( Pid , NewState ) -> ok = gen_server : cast ( Pid , {set , NewState} ) .
%% callbacks------------------------------------------- init([ InitialCounter ] ) -> % do needed computaton and start looping State = InitialCounter , {ok , State} .
handle_call( get , _ From , State ) ->
Reply = {counter , State} , {reply , Reply , State} . handle_cast( {inc , Val} , State ) -> {noreply , State + Val} ; handle_cast ( {dec , Val} , State ) -> {noreply , State - Val} ; handle_cast ( {set , NewState} , _ State ) -> {noreply , NewState} . %%
Description : Handling all non call / cast messages handle_info( _Info , State ) -> {noreply , State} . terminate ( _Reason , _ State ) -> ok .
code_change( _OldVsn , State , _ Extra ) ->{ok , State} .
ok , code grew again :) but we gained clear and easy to maintain server that is just counting , and all looping is well hidden from us .
What I do n’t understand is why cast do n’t provide From value , or maybe I miss something ..
Manual is more or less clear but for long time I had no idea what are reply / 2 and enter_loop / 3 for and how to use them .
reply ( Client , Reply ) ->
Result
Types :
Client – see below
Reply = term ( )
Result = term ( )
This function can be used by a gen_server to explicitly send a reply to a client that called call / 2,3 or multi_call / 2,3,4 , when the reply cannot be defined in the return value of Module : handle_call /3 .
Client must be the From argument provided to the callback function .
Reply is an arbitrary term , which will be given back to the client as the return value of call / 2,3 or multi_call / 2,3,4 .
The return value Result is not further defined , and should always be ignored .
So
when the reply cannot be defined in the return value of Module : handle_call /3 .
really means that , while caller ( C ) is still waiting for a replay ( and he always will if no timeout is specified ) , we ( service A ) could save From value and call asynchronously other service ( B ) and return from handle_call / 3 with no replay .
Now while waiting for replay from the other service ( B ) we can process next call ( or cast ) and as soon as the service ( B ) return then we can send the answer back to caller .
async_get ( Pid , Val ) -> {async_replay , Result} = gen_server : call( Pid , {async_call , Val} ) , Result . async_replay ( Pid , FromVal , Result ) -> ok = gen_server : cast ( Pid , {async_replay , FromVal , Result} ) .
handle_call({async_call , Val} , From , State ) -> % save From in local session %ets:insert( State#state.tab_name , { SessionID , From} ) , % serviceB:process ( SessionID , self ( ) , Val ) , %OR simply send From to other service serviceB : process ( SessionID , self ( ) , From , Val ) , {noreply , State} ; ... handle_cast({async_replay , FromVal , Result} , State ) -> %[ {SessionID , From} ] = ets:lookup( State#state.tab_name , FromVal ) , %ets:delete( State#state.tab_name , FromId ) , %OR simply send back the result From = FromId , gen_server : reply ( From , { async_replay , Result} ) , {noreply , State} ; ...
I still have no idea how to use enter_loop fun :) maybe some day :)
It 's a short diary , spurred by a breaking news email from CNN .
New York ( CNN ) --
The federal government is seeking forfeiture of properties belonging to the Alavi Foundation and Assa Corp. -- accused of transferring money to a bank owned by the Iranian government -- including a Manhattan skyscraper and at least three mosques .
CNN story
See ?
Thats us , getting shit done without torturing anyone , since 2009 .
Update : MSNBC has it up now to , reports are this is the largest couter - terrorism asset seizure in history .
Half a billion dollars worth of assets are involved in the claim .
More as it comes .
Update x2 : Reuters provides some context as to the ultimate result of the money sent to the Iranian bank :
The U.S. Treasury has designated the bank as a weapons proliferator and banned U.S. citizens from dealing with it .
Update x3 : The WSJ adds a note about legal action previously with the foundation :
Last December , Farshi Jahedi , Alavi 's president , was charged criminally with obstruction of justice for allegedly trying to destroy documents after being served with a grand - jury subpoena .
He has denied wrongdoing .
Update x4 : Holy crap , the rec list ?
I 'm pushing hard to update as news outlets push stories out , if anyone catches something , drop it in the comments and I 'll migrate it up here .
Update x5 : From the comments :
From the AP ( 1+ / 0 -)
The assets include bank accounts ; Islamic centers consisting of schools and mosques in New York City , Maryland , California and Houston ; more than 100 acres in Virginia ; and a 36 - story glass office tower in New York . by temptxan on Thu Nov 12 , 2009 at 04:20:19 PM PST
and
The Wall Street Journal ( 0+ / 0 -)
Federal prosecutors filed an amended complaint Thursday seeking the Alavi Foundation 's majority stake in New York 's Piaget building , alleging the foundation has been providing services to Iran 's government .
In their civil action , prosecutors from the U.S. Attorney 's office in Manhattan are now seeking Alavi's 60 % stake of 650 Fifth Ave. - known as the Piaget building - and its other assets in the U.S. , including properties in New York , California , Texas , Virginia and Maryland .
link here
As we express our gratitude , we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words , but to live by them .
- John F. Kennedy by JaxDem on Thu Nov 12 , 2009 at 04:25:37 PM
PST
Update x6 : This organizations apparently been festering for a while , with no major action till now .
Politico's got it that :
A 1995 article by Iran researcher Ken Timmerman cited an FBI report from a year earlier which concluded that the foundation was " entirely controlled by the government of Iran . "
And ABC has this as a major source of money for Iran :
The civil complaint details the alleged internal machinations of the Iranian government 's ambassadors and other officials over control of the property and its cash flow – Iran 's primary economic engine in the United States .
Update x7 : ( these updates are getting cumbersome )
From the comments again :
Here 's what I found ( 1+ / 0 -)
As today 's complaint alleges in great detail , the Alavi Foundation has effectively been a front for the government of Iran , " says U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara .
" For two decades , the Alavi Foundation 's affairs have been directed by various Iranian officials , including Iranian ambassadors to the United Nations , in violation of a series of American laws .
from ABA Journal Law News Now
by gchaucer2 on Thu Nov 12 , 2009 at 04:54:47 PM
PST
Update x8 : Al Jazeera with more on Bank Melli :
Some 40 years after Parnelli Jones drove a Bud Moore - built Boss 302 Mustang to the Trans - Am championship , Ford Racing has unleashed a new Boss 302R .
The new Boss is an off - road - only Mustang that comes from the factory race - ready .
Each of the limited - to - 50 cars will come with a 5.0 - liter four - valve V8 and six - speed manual transmission .
The cars will be fitted with a roll cage , a race seat , a safety harness , data acquisition , race dampers / springs and a Brembo brake package .
The base model sells for $ 79,000 .
If you 're looking for a bit more , Ford Racing is offering a Grand - Am Homologation package that will allow the car to race in the Grand - Am Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge ( formerly the Koni Challenge ) which opens its season Jan. 29 at Daytona .
This version will have a sealed high - output racing engine and upgraded cooling system , close - ratio six - speed transmission with integral shifter , a seam - welded body , a race suspension with Koni dampers , a race exhaust and a balanced one - piece driveshaft .
This version stickers at $ 129,000 .
The Ford Mustang Boss 302R Ford
The Boss 302R succeeds the Mustang FR500C that debuted in 2005 and continues Ford 's tradition of making factory - built , production - based race cars .
Ford 's FR500 CJ ( Cobra Jet ) , unveiled in 2008 , found success in drag racing in 2009 .
The new Boss 302R can be ordered at any Ford dealer , with delivery expected in the third quarter of 2010 .
And remember , only 50 examples will be built .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
An international group of anthropologists offers a new theory about the diffusion of maize to the Southwestern United States and the impact it had .
Published the week of Dec. 7 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the study , co-authored by Gayle Fritz , Ph.D. , professor of anthropology in Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis , and colleagues , suggests that maize was passed from group to group of Southwestern hunter - gatherers .
These people took advantage of improved moisture conditions by integrating a storable and potentially high - yielding crop into their broad - spectrum subsistence strategy .
" For decades , there have been two competing scenarios for the spread of maize and other crops into what is now the U.S. Southwest , " Fritz said .
According to the first , groups of farmers migrated northward from central Mexico into northwest Mexico and from there into the Southwest , bringing their crops and associated lifeways with them .
In the second scenario , maize moved northward from central Mexico to be Southwest by being passed from one hunter - gatherer band to the next , who incorporated the crop into their subsistence economies and eventually became farmers themselves .
advertisement
" The case for long - distance northward migration of Mexican farming societies received a boost about 12 years ago when British archaeologist Peter Bellwood , joined a few years later by geographer Jared Diamond and linguist Jane Hill , included the Southwest in a grand global model in which long - distance migration of agriculturalists explains the spread of many of the world 's major language families , " Fritz said .
" In the Southwest case , Uto - Aztecan - speaking peoples , ancestors of people who speak modern languages , like Comanche and Hopi , would have been responsible for the diffusion . "
In this paper , the researchers summarize the most recent archaeological evidence , and integrate what is currently known about early maize in the Southwest with genetic , paleoecological , and historical linguistic studies .
Corn from five sites in Arizona and New Mexico now predates 2,000 B.C. , which makes it too early to be explained by diffusion of settled Mexican villagers , said Fritz .
" No artifacts or features of any type point to in - migrating Mesoamerican farmers ; in fact , continuity of local traditions is manifested , with independent invention of low - fired ceramics and with the construction of irrigation features in the Tucson Basin dating earlier than any known south of the border , " she said .
" We interpret the linguistic evidence as favoring a very early ( beginning shortly after 7,000 B.C. ) , north - to - south movement of Proto - Uto - Aztecan hunter - gatherers and subsequent division into northern and southern Uto - Aztecan - speaking groups . "
These two groups do not share words and meanings for maize because , according to the researchers ' scenario , farming post - dates their separation .
" We think the Southwest stands as a region in which indigenous foragers adopted crops and made the transition to agriculture locally rather than having been joined or displaced by in - migrating farming societies , " Fritz said .
" Peter Bellwood may well be correct that long - distance movements account for some examples of the expansion of languages and farming technologies , but cases like that of the Southwest are very important in demonstrating that this pattern did not apply universally . "
Lead authors of this study are William L. Merrill of the National Museum of Natural History and Robert J. Hard of University of Texas at San Antonio .
Co-authors are Fritz , Karen R. Adams of Crow Canyon Archaeological Center , John R. Roney of Colinas Cultural Resource Consulting and A.C. MacWilliams of University of Calgary .
Full text of the study is available at http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2009/12/03/0906075106
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A plane was forced to make an emergency stop in Zimbabwe after hitting a warthog on the runway .
The Air Zimbabwe airliner veered off the runway at Harare international airport after colliding with the animal , a commonly found wild pig with protruding tusks .
" Unfortunately our plane , which was going to Bulawayo , hit a warthog on the runway and was forced to make an emergency brakes stop , " Peter Chikumba , the chief executive of Air Zimbabwe , was quoted as saying by the South African Press Association .
" The plane had 34 passengers ... fortunately they are all safe and no one was injured . "
The Chinese - made MA60 aircraft hit the warthog while taxiing along the runway minutes after the departure of Joseph Kabila , the Democratic Republic of the Congo leader who was in Harare for talks with Zimbabwe 's unity government .
A passenger on the 5.15 pm flight said the plane skidded off the runway .
" The passengers were all evacuated but some of us are scared and traumatised over the whole incident , " the passenger said .
" The plane was damaged as it skidded off the runway . "
Air Zimbabwe said it had an " enviable safety record " .
ANGER WITH FEDERAL GOVERNMENT NOT ENOUGH
By Chuck Baldwin
December 18 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
According to Rasmussen Reports , " Seventy - one percent ( 71 % ) of voters nationwide say they 're at least somewhat angry about the current policies of the federal government .
That figure includes 46 % who are Very Angry .
" The latest Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that only 27 % are not angry about the government 's policies , including 10 % who are Not at All Angry . "
The report goes on to say , " The data suggests that the level of anger is growing .
The 71 % who are angry at federal government policies today is up five percentage points since September .
" Even more stunning , the 46 % who are Very Angry is up 10 percentage points from September . "
The report also states , " The latest numbers show that only nine percent ( 9 % ) of voters trust the judgment of America 's political leaders more than the judment of the American people . "
It further states , " Seventy - one percent ( 71 % ) believe the federal government has become a special interest group that looks out primarily for its own interests .
Sixty - eight percent ( 68 % ) believe that government and big business work together in ways that hurt consumers and investors . "
Rasmussen Reports goes on to say that voter opposition to the proposed health care plan , government bailouts , and higher taxes is especially high .
See the report here .
That Americans are angry with the federal government is nothing new .
As a general rule , Americans STAY angry with the federal government .
So what ?
Nothing changes , anger and discontentment notwithstanding .
Oh !
Occasionally , grassroots effort can be mustered in sufficient quantity to stop whatever happens to be the latest effort by the miscreants in Washington , D.C. , that tramples our freedoms .
But only occasionally .
The only recent triumph I can think of was when G.W. Bush , Lindsey Graham , and John McCain tried to ram an amnesty bill for illegal aliens through Congress .
But never fear , Barack Obama , Nancy Pelosi , and Harry Reid will pick up that particular baton soon enough .
I 'm old enough to remember when giving the Panama Canal away was opposed by virtually everyone outside the Beltway .
It changed nothing .
Jimmy Carter and Congress gave it away , anyway .
Most people oppose the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
So what ?
Our troops are not only still there , but more are on the way .
Most people believe children should be allowed to pray and read the Bible in school .
So what ?
They still are forbidden from doing so .
Most people believed former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore had the right to post the Ten Commandments in his courtroom .
So what ?
He was forced to take them down , anyway ( and removed from office in the process ) .
I could go on , but you get the point .
Advertisement
Anger and opposition to Washington 's policies and edicts -- no matter now egregious -- hardly ever translate into anything beyond words of frustration .
And Washington politicians do n't pay much attention to rhetoric -- not even their own .
You see , the wizards in Washington and on Wall Street have us figured out .
Along with their compatriots in the propaganda press corps , they know that no matter how loudly we scream , how much we protest , or how angry we become , the system is rigged to protect them .
The best we the people can seem to come up with is " throwing the bums out " every two or four years .
BUT NOTHING CHANGES -- at least , not in terms of restoring the fundamental principles of freedom and constitutional government .
Throw out George H.W. Bush in 1992 , and nothing changes .
Throw the Democrats out of Congress in 1994 , and nothing changes .
Throw Bill Clinton 's party out of the White House in 2000 , and nothing changes .
Throw out G.W. Bush 's Republicans in 2008 , and nothing changes .
The only thing that happens with a changing of the guard is an escalation in the pace of whatever version of socialism -- or Big Government program -- is currently in vogue .
With Bush it meant expanding the Warfare State .
With Obama it means expanding the Welfare State .
But both do everything they can to expand Big Government .
When will we awaken to the reality that Washington , D.C. , has had the American people chasing their tails for decades ?
People , wake up !
As long as we continue to focus our attention and energy on Washington , D.C. , we will only continue to supply more rope to those who wish to hang us .
Washington , D.C. , is too far gone to salvage .
Admit it !
Washington is a cesspool , a landfill , and a putrid pond of corruption and duplicity .
Neither the Republican nor Democratic Party will ever allow a principled constitutionalist to become its Presidential nominee .
No matter whom we elect as President , the beat toward Big- Government socialism and one - world internationalism will go on without interruption .
Big Government scalawags own the entire federal system , including Big Media , Big Business , Big Labor , Big Religion , and Big Special Interest Groups .
They are all feeding at the government teat .
Therefore , it is absolutely obligatory that freedom - minded Americans refocus their attention to electing State legislators , governors , judges and sheriffs who will fearlessly defend their God - given liberties .
And , as plainly and emphatically as I know how to say it , I am telling you : ONLY THE STATES CAN DEFEND OUR LIBERTY NOW !
And awakening to this reality means we will have to completely readjust our thinking and priorities .
It means awakening to the fact that Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , and Bill O'Reilly ( and the rest of Big Media 's talking heads ) are , for the most part , irrelevant to providing real solutions to the continuing loss of liberty .
And , in truth , they are , more often than not , part of the problem , because they continue to focus our attention on Washington , D.C. , and off the source of genuine solution , which lies with the states drawing a constitutional line in the sand for freedom .
Good grief !
Beck and O'Reilly have recently even advocated for higher federal taxes !
Yeah !
That 's a real solution : more power and money to Washington , D.C. Ughhh !
Instead of getting all worked up about what Glenn Beck says or what Sarah Palin says or what CFR member and Big Government neocon Newt Gingrich says , start paying attention to what your State legislators and candidates are saying .
Advertisement
If we had more State legislators such as Washington State 's Matthew Shea ; Georgia 's Bobby Franklin ; Pennsylvania 's Sam Rohrer ; New Hampshire 's Dan Itse ; Michigan 's Paul Opsommer ; Oklahoma 's Randy Brogdon , Sally Kern and Charles Key ; Montana 's Rick Jore , Greg Hinkle , and Joel Boniek ; Tennessee 's Susan Lynn ; South Carolina 's Michael Pitts and Lee Bright ; Missouri's Jim Guest and Cynthia Davis ; and sheriffs such as South Carolina 's Ray Nash , Arizona 's Richard Mack and Joe Arpaio , Montana 's Jay Printz and Shane Harrington , etc. , it would n't matter what those nincompoops inside the Beltway do .
The federal government cannot violate your rights and steal your freedoms without the consent and approbation of your State government .
Folks , let 's get down to where the rubber meets the road : the reason we are in the miserable mess we are in is because the states have -- either wittingly or unwittingly -- ceded their authority and independence to Washington , D.C.
Therefore , it is now critical that states reclaim their authority -- authority that is duly granted them under the US Constitution .
All of us who call ourselves conservatives or constitutionalists or libertarians ( who , no doubt , compose a majority , especially in " red " states ) need to retake their State governments .
Elect a governor who knows how to say " No " to the federal government .
Elect a State legislature that knows how to say " No " to Washington , D.C. Elect sheriffs and State judges who understand the Constitution , State sovereignty , and the principles of freedom -- and who are courageous enough to defend those sacred principles in the face of attempted federal usurpation .
The truth is , for all intents and purposes , we could turn off television completely and be in no worse shape .
And newspapers are no better .
The vast majority of them blatantly support and promote Big Government .
As Mark Twain said , " If you do n't read the newspaper , you are uninformed ; if you do read the newspaper , you are misinformed . "
With Big Media , it 's all about Washington politics .
Period .
For the most part , the conservative - liberal / Republican - Democrat paradigm is nothing but a distraction at best , and a scam at worst , to keep all of us safely on the federal reservation , where we are without hope or recourse to actually change anything .
Ladies and Gentlemen , freedom in America has only one hope : the resurrection of State independence and sovereignty .
Fortunately , there are rumblings around the country that this revival has already begun .
The last time I checked , some 38 states have introduced Tenth Amendment resolutions -- or some form of federal nullification proposals -- in their State assemblies .
To follow the status of various states ' rights initiatives , keep an eye on these two web sites .
Web site one and Web site two .
If conservatives / constitutionalists / libertarians would spend as much time and energy influencing elections and policies at the State and local levels as they attempt to do at the national level , we could turn this floundering ship of state around .
If he had the support and backing of his State 's legislature and sheriffs , imagine what ONE constitutionalist governor could do .
I get goose bumps thinking about it !
Imagine a State with its own financial system -- its own currency , banks , regulatory agencies , etc. Imagine a State with its own militia -- under the authority of the governor only -- completely independent from any responsibility to the President or federal government .
Imagine a State with an education system unfettered by the federal Department of Education .
Imagine a State where the BLM , the FBI , the ATF , and the DEA had to actually submit to State law .
Imagine a State with no federal bribes , or federal " funding " as it is commonly called -- except as is constitutionally constructed ( with no strings attached ) .
Imagine a State with its own health care system .
Imagine a State with no FEMA -- UNLESS INVITED IN .
Imagine a State that would not allow Washington 's spooks to unlawfully spy on law - abiding citizens .
Imagine a State that actually had a say in how much land the federal government could claim for its own .
Imagine a State where citizens never had to worry about a national ID act .
Imagine a State that would protect the right of its citizens to freely express their faith in the public square .
Imagine a State that did not demand that its farmers put RFID computer chips in their livestock .
Imagine a State that would let you drill a well without reporting it to the federal government .
And for some really fun mind games , imagine a State that would be willing to challenge the constitutionality and legitimacy of the direct income tax and the IRS .
All of this -- and more -- is attainable with a constitutionalist State government committed to protecting the liberties of its citizens .
I repeat : freedom in America has only one hope : the resurrection of State independence and sovereignty .
In the US Constitution , our Founding Fathers sagaciously reserved to State governments their independence and sovereignty , knowing that they had the awesome responsibility of being the last ( and greatest ) vanguard of liberty for the American people .
They never intended or imagined that the states would ever become a doormat for the central government ( which is what most of them have become ) .
In this regard , the states that are proposing State sovereignty resolutions should immediately band together to overturn the 17th Amendment , because this amendment strips the states of their constitutional powers by turning US senators into Washington insiders , who are more beholden to Washington interests than the interests and well - being of the states that they are supposed to represent .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
If the 71 % of voters who are angry with the federal government would channel their energies into electing constitutionalist governors and State legislators , their anger might actually produce real and lasting change .
As it is , efforts to " reform " Washington , D.C. , are like trying to teach a hog to take a bath .
Instead , let the hog wallow in the mud , but make sure the mudhole stays small ; do n't let it spread to your back yard .
And keeping that Washington mudhole small is the job of the states .
And , in case you have not noticed , the mudhole has already grown to the point that it 's not just in your back yard ; it 's on your front porch and about to consume your whole house .
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
You 're looking at a map of the contiguous United States visualized by distance to the nearest McDonald's .
I guess it 's some consolation that being on the East Coast , I do n't need to ever worry about finding one .
Maybe I should worry that I can name three within ten minutes of my house .
The map was created by Steven Von Worley , who was inspired by the appearance of a McDonald 's literally in the middle of nowhere , in the Los Angelos basin .
Both the map , a larger wallpaper size version , and the explanation for how it was created are here .
Won Worley warned me when I emailed him that the map is n't perfect , however .
" In the interest of full disclosure , please note that the McFarthest Spot is
measured as the crow flies , at 107 miles .
Also ~ 145 miles by car , but it's
entirely possible that there 's another location that 's closer as the crow flies ,
but farther travelling on the roads .
Indeed , regarding the latter , there 's
places in the lower 48 that you can't even drive to / from with a car - that is ,
by auto , infinitely distant from MickyDee's . "
Now if you 'll excuse me , I have a sudden craving for French fries .
[ CAIRO ]
Arab states have made progress in technology and research but there is still a long way to go before the region becomes a knowledge society , according to a report .
' Arab Knowledge Report 2009 : Towards Productive Intercommunication for Knowledge ' , proposes ways of filling what it says are numerous gaps in the Arab knowledge landscape .
Many Arab countries now understand the importance of science and technology in promoting development , and some Arab institutions — such as the Qatar Foundation — are pioneers in this knowledge revolution .
But Arab countries still have some of the lowest levels of research funding in the world .
Expenditure on research averaged just 0.2 per cent of GDP , compared with the global average of 1.7 per cent .
This limited spending results in less than 40 patent registrations per year .
" Postgraduate students have to work within very tight budgets for their research , " Nasr Metwalli , former dean of the Faculty of Agriculture at Menya University , Egypt , told SciDev .
Net .
" They sometimes have to wait several months for research material .
This affects both the choice and quality of research projects . "
Science research in Arab states leads to little development , the report adds .
According to Hani Helal , Egypt 's minister of higher education and research , this is because of the way research is funded .
" Roughly 73 per cent of scientific research in Egypt is carried out through universities while less than 10 per cent is attributed to the private sector , " he explained at a press conference .
The research is therefore driven by supply , rather than demand , and often results in a patent without having a real application .
The report says there has been an increase in science collaboration between Arab states and the rest of the world but not all researchers benefit from this .
" Some technologies are non-exportable to developing countries , " says Ahmed El - Hawatky , a network security engineer at the Arab Academy for Science , Technology and Maritime Transport .
" In that case , I end up with incomplete research . "
But the information and communication technologies sector has seen healthy growth in the Middle East — often surpassing growth in other regions of the world .
The biggest obstacle to growth in this field is censorship according to the report , which argues that more freedoms are needed in general to promote the move to a knowledge - based society .
The report was published last month ( 28 October ) by the UN Development Programme and the UAE - based Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Foundation .
Link to full report [ 1.92MB ]
In the nine months after his arrest on espionage charges , Guang - il Jung was beaten by North Korean security guards with a thick wooden club .
He still bears the scars on the back of his head .
In the course of beatings , the guards broke all his teeth , leaving him toothless for four years .
To deprive him of sleep , the guards at the underground prison at Hoeryong city near the Chinese border used " pigeon torture " .
Jung was handcuffed and tied by his arms to an object behind him so he could not stand or sit .
He felt as though his bones were breaking through his chest while the rest of his body was paralysed .
Jung recounted the harrowing tale of his detention , before he escaped to South Korea in 2003 , during a tour of European capitals this week to shine a personal light on what a UN report recently described as North Korea 's " abysmal " human rights record .
The appearance of Jung and another defector , a 54 - year - old woman named only as L , before MPs and European officials in Britain was timed to bring maximum public pressure on the North Korean government before its human rights record is scrutinised for the first time by the UN human rights council in Geneva .
Christian Solidarity Worldwide ( CSW ) , which organised the European visit , says that there is a prima facie case that Kim Jong - il 's regime has committed crimes against humanity and possibly acts of genocide against religious groups , specifically Christians .
" Both Guang -il Jung and L have experienced suffering and deprivation on a scale that we cannot begin to imagine , " said Tina Lambert , CSW 's advocacy director .
" Their testimony comes at a crucial time , prior to the UN scrutiny of North Korea . "
CSW estimates that 200,000 people are being held in North Korea 's political prison camps
L , a Christian woman who escaped to South Korea in 2007 with three sons , was reluctant to repeat the details of her own torture and left it to the interpreter to reveal what she had endured .
" She had her nails prised off with pliers , all her lower teeth were pulled out - she now has to wear false teeth - water with hot chillis was put up her nose , " the interpreter said .
" I want to raise awareness of what is going on , we have to talk about the situation , " said L , who did not want her name revealed as she still has relatives in the north .
" It is the only way to make a change . "
When he was arrested , Jung , a former North Korean army veteran , weighed 75kg .
In the course of the interrogation his weight dropped to 38kg .
After nine months at the hands of the security services , Jung made a false confession and was sent to a labour camp in Yodeok , 60 miles north of the capital Pyongyang .
At the camp , those prisoners singled out to die were assigned work they could not finish .
When they did not finish the work , their food rations were reduced as punishment .
Eventually the combination of heavy work and less food led to death by starvation for many .
After three years , Jung escaped to South Korea in 2003 .
The CSW is calling for a commission of inquiry by the UN to investigate crimes against humanity in North Korea .
The UN rapporteur for North Korea , Vitit Muntarbhorn , last month issued a scathing report of North Korea 's human rights record , declaring that the " exploitation of the ordinary people " had become " the pernicious prerogative of the ruling elite " .
When North Korea 's record is scrutinised next month , the west will have to balance its desire to denounce Pyongyang with diplomatic considerations .
The US and China are trying to persuade North Korea to return to six - party talks on nuclear issues , which Pyongyang quit in April .
China , with its own poor human rights record , can be expected to try to tone down criticism of its wayward protege .
Beijing 's top priority is to ensure that North Korea , where 9 million people are suffering from food shortages according to the UN , does not plunge into instability if Kim Jong - il , who is in ill - health , dies .
In any case , China treats North Korean defectors with scant sympathy and encourages its citizens to turn them in .
L , who speaks to her relatives in the North regularly , provides a grim insight into the daily struggle to find food .
" They go to the mountains to find edible roots , grass and soft bark on trees , " L said .
" Out of 100 people , 70 are going hungry , 30 are better off because they have connections to families in high positions . "
Despite their ordeal , both Jung and L miss home and find life in South Korea hard .
L's sons are struggling because of their poor English and have trouble keeping up with computer technology .
Both say they are waiting for the day when the two Koreas are reunited so they can go back .
SH
You have to use the most appropriate technology at your disposal , technology that has the narrowest possible use .
For example , a sniper firing a rifle at a target is preferable to a jet fighter dropping a 2,000 - pound bomb on the building .
In this sense , Predator drones may be an improvement , because they ’re more precise than a jet dropping bombs from 20,000 feet .
But there are still a lot of tactical issues involved .
You ’re engaged in a counterinsurgency campaign .
Your goal is to win over hearts and minds .
Do you accomplish this if you ’re raining down bombs on wedding parties and funerals ?
** GQ ** Why has n’t this question been more actively debated ?
Civilian deaths from drone attacks have been in Pakistani papers almost daily for over a year now , but it seems that no one in Congress is questioning whether this policy makes sense .
SH I think that ’s largely because of the failure of Congressional oversight .
We should have hearings about this .
There should have been a full - throated public discussion .
I think this is in part because of a growing acquiescence in Congress to a culture of secrecy , and in part because of incompetence .
Yes , of course , you do n’t get into the details of the capabilities of weapons systems in public hearings .
But that does n’t stop you from having frank and candid discussions about the underlying legal and ethical issues .
GQ
Why is n’t Congress stepping up more ?
It seems that they ’re still reluctant to challenge the ecutive branch .
SH
It ’s clear that we ’ve seen a lot of further construction on the national security state since 9/11 .
Since World War II , there ’s been a constant struggle between the ecutive and Congress about oversight of national security mechanisms .
Since 9/11 , it ’s clear the upper hand is firmly with the ecutive , and the oversight authority of Congress has faded .
GQ
What did Congressional oversight of weapons technology look like before 9/11 ?
SH
If we go back the 1960s and 1970s , whenever new technological developments in warfare came , Congress insisted quite rigorously on establishing protocols and legal principles about how to use the weapons system .
This included , one , that the military would develop guidelines to make sure that everything would be checked against existing law , domestic and international .
Two , Congress made sure that civilian control was clearly implemented .
This was a foundational principle .
The military would control the weapons system , but it would be acting under the direction of the civilian leadership .
** GQ ** What ’s changed ?
SH
The most aggressive use of weaponry [ in the Af / Pak theater ] is now in the hands of the intelligence community , not the military .
This is extremely disturbing .
The intelligence community does not have a well - articulated doctrine that subjects their weapons programs to legal precedent , by which I mean both U.S. domestic law and international law of war principles .
And it does not have this well - articulated notion of civilian leadership and oversight like the military .
The intelligence community operates in an environment of secrecy .
They do n’t want people to know what they ’re up to .
** GQ ** Why is n’t Congress subjecting the C.I.A. to the same review ?
**SH ** There ’s been a very serious failure in Congressional oversight over the intelligence community .
When the Republicans ran Congress , intelligence oversight was a complete joke , and was viewed that way by the intelligence community .
Since then , we ’ve had something , but it ’s really not much .
I really view Dianne Feinstein [ chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence ] as totally docile in this area .
This is n’t surprising to me , given the fact that her husband is a defense contractor .
One can fundamentally question the nature of the relationship between defense contractors and the defense community and intelligence contractors and the intelligence community .
If you watch the way they interact , you would question who is the client and who is the service provider .
Look at the apportionment of our budget between human beings and " toys . "
There ’s an absolute obsession that people in the Pentagon have with the newest , the latest , and the fanciest toys .
I think this is because the manufacturers of the toys control the senior echelons of the military and intelligence communities .
They control it by offering employment to people at key points .
So that someone knows they can be Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Development of Toys , and they ’re not going to make much money , but they know that having that position will allow them to go off and be Vice President for Development of Toy Manufacturing in the private sector , where they ’ll make loads of money .
A number of people on the inside have told me this .
[ FreeBSD - Announce ]
Death announcement for John Birrell
Dear Friends ,
It is with great sadness that I announce the passing of FreeBSD committer John Birrell < jb at freebsd.org >.
John Birrell / jb at freebsd.org BACKGROUND
==========
John Birrell was a Unix developer since 1988 and a FreeBSD user since version 1.0.5 .
He had a Bachelor Degree in Engineering ( Electrical , First Class Honours , 1981 ) from Monash University in Australia .
Over the years he developed with various commercial Unix variants such as SysVR2/3 , Solaris , AIX , HP - UX , OSF / 1 and SCO and several embedded operatings systems like VxWorks , LynxOS and Microware 's OS9 .
In the open source world he was once a user of NetBSD and OpenBSD in addition to FreeBSD .
Afterwards , he preferred just to use FreeBSD .
In 20 years of consulting he worked in the automotive , building materials , pharmaceutical , petrochemical , telecommunications , defence and business systems industries .
John worked on an oil rig in China , for Ford in Australia , and for other customers in Philippines and other parts of Asia .
While on a business trip visiting his employer Juniper Networks in Sunnyvale , California , U.S.A. , John suffered a stroke , and passed away on November 20 , 2009 .
FREEBSD CONTRIBUTIONS
=====================
John Birrell was a member of the FreeBSD project , for over 12 years , and could commit to the FreeBSD source code .
John felt passionately about FreeBSD , and his contributions to this software project were many and varied : - port of Sun 's DTrace to FreeBSD ( 2007 ) - contributed BSD licensed libdwarf to FreeBSD ( 2008 ) - contributed initial implementation of FreeBSD on DEC Alpha , from NetBSD ( 1998 ) -> this was the first 64 - bit OS that FreeBSD ran on - contributed original libc_r pthread implementation to FreeBSD before KSE ( 1998 ) - contributed to port of Sun UltraSPARC - T1 ( Niagara ) to FreeBSD ( 2005 ) John also participated as a mentor in the Google Summer of Code project .
For Google Summer of Code , John mentored students in various FreeBSD projects that were funded by Google .
Mentoring new developers and colleagues was something that John felt very strongly about .
John also liked to attend BSD conferences .
In May 2009 , I attended the BSDCan conference with John in Ottawa , Canada .
He was in his element , and had many interesting and animated discussions with other FreeBSD developers , including people like Randall Stewart .
JBUILD ======
As part of John 's work at Juniper Networks in 2008 , John started working on a project called jbuild .
jbuild is a modification of the FreeBSD make ( 1 ) utility , which adds improved dependency tracking as a first level feature , by tracking read / write system calls of all invoked utilities , either by using DTrace , or by using a special kernel module named filemon .
At Juniper , the project is ongoing and will be deployed as part of the software build at Juniper next year .
Although this work was started in response to needs at Juniper , John was quite passionate about pushing this work back to FreeBSD , in order to improve the FreeBSD build .
John observed that in FreeBSD , a " make universe " which verifies that all code changes work on all architectures takes so long that very few people actually do it , so less popular architectures often get broken .
John also observed that by simplifying a " make universe " and other " buildworld " targets often rebuilds a lot of things unnecessarily , due to the fact that it is " safer " to do so , because the dependencies are not tracked as accurately as they could be .
John has a branch in the FreeBSD svn repo for building all of FreeBSD with jbuild here : http://svn.freebsd.org/viewvc/base/projects/jbuild/
I will update this branch as I have time , but it would be nice if folks in the FreeBSD community could keep this work alive .
John was keen that distributions like PC - BSD could adopt jbuild .
John wanted to simplify the FreeBSD build , to make it easier for people to make new distributions based on FreeBSD .
Let me know if you want to learn more about any of this stuff .
PERSONAL ========
John lived alone on a 118 acre rural property in Apollo Bay , Australia , which is on the southeastern coast of Australia , approximately 4 hours from Melbourne .
His house was not connected to the local grid ..... his water supply was obtained from tanks on his roof which were filled with rainwater .
His electricity was supplied by solar cells .
On one trip to Sunnyvale in 2008 , he bought an alcohol distilling device which he brought back home .
His goal was to try to grow potato and sugar beets on his property , and distill them into alcohol , so that he could fuel is car with ethanol instead of gasoline , thus having a very minimal carbon footprint .
John was also passionate about animal welfare .
He owned a few cats , and just bought a puppy dog in 2009 .
In 2008 , when massive fires swept much of the Australian countryside , he took time off of Juniper to volunteer with Wildlife Victoria .
This organization provided assistance to many animals who suffered during the fires , such as kangaroos , wallabies , and even pets of people who abandoned their properties when fleeing the fires .
John also liked motorcycles .
He told me stories about how he motorcycled around Asia many years ago .
He was also hoping to buy a motorcycle to garage in California , so that he could drive it whenever he visited Sunnyvale .
WORKING WITH JOHN =================
I worked very closely with John over the past year .
I was in constant communication with John over IRC chat , and Skype .
I also Skyped John into many meetings , to keep him up to date on the pulse of what was going on in Juniper .
Although John was in a remote place , he felt like he was in the cube next to me .
John was very patient with me and took the time to explain point by point what he was trying to achieve with jbuild and why it solved legitimate problems with make ( 1 ) based builds .
John also had taste for good " expensive " food and fine wine .
In 2009 , as thanks for my help in working on jbuild , John treated me to a sumptuous and expensive meal at Sent Sovi Restaurant , in Saratoga , California , U.S.A ...... a fond memory for me . :)
John was one of the smartest engineers that I have ever worked with , and was a mentor and friend .
SUMMARY =======
I am going to miss talking to John every day on IRC , hearing interesting stories about living in rural Australia , and solving new and challenging technical problems with him .
His passion really pushed me to work very hard on jbuild , and learn new things .
I will miss him as a colleague , mentor , and friend .
-- Craig Rodrigues rodrigc at FreeBSD.org
CubeWars : A bright entertaining strategy game !
Relax and make your own strategy to capture the Cube World !
Welcome to Foodsnaps
I love good food , cooking and photography so here I am with Foodsnaps , sharing the recipes I try at home with you .
You can also find some of the recipes in Greek at : http://www.sheblogs.eu/
Real photos and recipes tried and tested !
Enjoy and Bon Appétit !
Myrto
As Jamie travels in Chile , he invites an eccentric woman to join his group 's quest to score a fabled hallucinogen , a move that finds him at odds with his new companion , until they drink the magic brew on a beach at the edge of the desert .
The best motivational speakers deliver world - class presentations at corporate events .
The inspirational intent is to energise , enlighten and challenge audiences to action .
Estienne de Beer is a popular motivational speaker and a proven choice to kick - start your next event with “ Meerkat Motivation for the Marketplace ” .
Whatever your theme , Estienne will tailor the message for a perfect fit .
This includes leadership , teamwork , sales , change , diversity , safety etc .
Since ancient times , people have gleaned from nature ’s example .
This infectiously energetic keynote speech has inspired audiences internationally by demonstrating how meerkats ’ performance behaviours can be applied to the workplace .
Major earthquakes occurring along the Cascadia subduction zone off the coast of Washington state could strike closer to the state ’s urban areas than some models have suggested , a new study notes .
GPS data gathered at dozens of sites throughout western Washington hint that slippage along the interface between the North American and Juan de Fuca tectonic plates could occur as deep as 25 kilometers below the Earth ’s surface , says Timothy I. Melbourne , a geodesist at Central Washington University in Ellensburg .
That depth , in turn , would place the epicenters of quakes triggered along that portion of the subduction zone — some of which could exceed magnitude 9 — more than 60 kilometers inland , he and CWU colleague James Chapman report online and in the November 28 Geophysical Research Letters .
Seafloor spreading is shoving the eastern edge of the Juan de Fuca tectonic plate , which runs from northern California to southern British Columbia , eastward beneath the North American plate .
Long - term observations indicate that the plates are converging at an average rate of between 3 and 4 centimeters each year , says Melbourne .
“ With GPS , you can see plate tectonics happening on a week - to - week basis , ” he notes .
At shallow depths , where Earth ’s crust is relatively cool , the tectonic interface is locked , and seismic stress builds up there until it is released during a quake .
But deep beneath western Washington , at depths between 25 and 45 kilometers , the two tectonic plates slide past each other for a few days each 18 months or so .
These slippage episodes are sometimes described as “ silent earthquakes ” ( SN : 4/27/02 , p. 260 ) but actually do register on seismometers , says Melbourne .
“ They ’re like a magnitude - 1 quake but they go on for a couple of weeks , ” he notes .
The total energy release in each slippage episode , if let loose all at once , would equal that in a quake with a magnitude between 6.3 and 6.7 .
The long - term GPS data provide information about where slippage is occurring and how the plates are deforming .
For instance , while average plate convergence rates offshore are greater than 3 centimeters per year , those along the coast are about 2.5 cm / yr .
Convergence inland , near Seattle , only adds up to about 0.5 cm / yr , says Melbourne .
These trends , when combined with previous seismic data , hint that stress is accumulating along the tectonic interface at depths less than 25 kilometers , where the tectonic interface is locked .
GPS data are a more direct way of telling where tectonic slippage is occurring and where it is n’t , says John Vidale , a seismologist at the University of Washington in Seattle .
“ That data from both GPS and seismic instruments are pointing in the same direction is comforting , ” he adds .
A major quake rupturing the 300 - kilometer length of the Cascadia subduction zone that runs along the Washington coast would measure magnitude 8.9 , Melbourne and Chapman estimate .
If the entire 1,100 - kilometer subduction zone slipped at once , the quake would be a magnitude - 9.2 whopper rivaling the tsunami- spawning quake that slammed Indonesia in December 2004 ( SN : 1/8/05 , p. 19 ) .
Field studies suggest that quakes of such magnitude happen along the Cascadia subduction zone once every 550 years , on average .
The last one struck the region in January of 1700 ( SN : 11/29/97 , p. 348 ) .
Quake hazard analyses for the region , based partially on seismic data , already account for possible tectonic slippage at depths of 25 kilometers , says Garry Rogers , an earthquake scientist at the Geological Survey of Canada in Sidney , British Columbia .
Nevertheless , he notes , the new findings provide “ more precise measurements than we ’ve had before ....
This study confirms a lot of what we ’ve known about . ”
See Also :
" In the areas of security and liberty many would argue ( and I agree ) that there has been too much legislation , " wrote Charles Clarke last week .
Some may experience a sense of vindication reading this but I believe the proper reaction is nearer scorn , for the article contains neither concession nor apology , but is merely an attempt to reposition Labour before the next election .
That is clearly a waste of time , and what we should be doing instead of sifting the ashes of New Labour is concentrating on Conservative plans for this country , which at the moment lack definition and clear expressions of principle .
Still , Clarke is a thoughtful , politically energetic man , and what he is saying in this twilight moment is still of interest , even though it is enough to bring you out in hives .
He argues that Labour has essentially got things right , but that the attack on liberty , which he concedes by implication has taken place , was the result of excessive zeal .
Retrenchment and simplification – a touch on the tiller – are all that is needed .
He seems to acknowledge the hostility to Labour 's record and the reasons for it but only suggests rationalisation in response .
Clarke believes in the theory of experimental legislation , whereby a law is made and later adapted if it is found to be operating poorly or is being abused .
The imperfections of this approach are plain to see – it takes a long time to persuade government to revise laws .
Almost all the function creep that we have seen over the last few years – for instance the use of the Protection from Harassment
Act to control legitimate protest , the use of terrorism laws to prevent photography – is the result of poorly drafted law that has no more purpose than declaring the government 's intentions or desires on a particular issue .
Bad writing and sloppy thinking are at the heart of the attack in liberty .
Like Blunkett , Straw and Reid , Charles Clarke is an incorrigible statist with a background in far - left politics .
He has never grasped the truth that good government can only exist where there is a balance between government power and individual freedom .
For people like him the wisdom of the state is unquestionable : anyone who points to government inefficiencies or doubts the merit of its decisions becomes an enemy , not of the government , but of the state .
It is an arrogance that has grown to a point where Labour politicians simply cannot distinguish between their own interests and the needs of the state .
And yet Clarke argues that the effect of Labour legislation has been to reduce the power of the executive and diminish parliament .
This is not a joke .
After listing the investment in CCTV and the DNA database , the Human Rights Act , the Regulation of Investigative Powers Act ( Ripa ) , the Freedom of Information Act and the Data Protection Act , he says this :
Most of this legislation was opposed by the Conservatives and supported by the Liberal Democrats .
Its overall effect has been to strengthen the judiciary at the expense of the legislature , to weaken the executive , to empower the media and to discredit the political process .
Despite these unwelcome consequences , I continue to believe that the changes were right in principle and should not be reversed .
No one can doubt the deep effects of Labour 's " reforms " but to maintain that the executive has suffered in the last 12 years is absurd .
And of course parliament was written out of the picture by a dictatorial prime minister and by a government that relied on patronage , thuggish whipping , the unprecedented use of the guillotine to cut short debate , a reduced parliamentary timetable and a big increase in un-debated secondary legislation .
This did n't just happen : it was part of a calculated policy to deny debate and scrutiny , which was enforced throughout the long Labour years .
To suggest that this was unintended consequence of the laws he cited is pathetic .
When at the Home Office , Clarke could never really understand that the judiciary was not taking part in the execution of government policies .
He was constantly arguing that he should be able to negotiate with the judges and find some way of working with them , which he is still harping on about in this article .
The implications of the new supreme court and the way in which the Human Rights
Act has worked in practice require an open discussion between the judiciary and the legislature , particularly to clarify where responsibilities for security lie .
The rebuke that Lord Steyn , the former law lord , gave him in 2005 , still stands .
" Judges are not the servants of the government , " Lord Steyn said .
We swear an oath to the Queen as head of state , our duty lies to the public , not the government .
I think in all these complaints about how the judges are not being helpful enough they must remember we are emphatically not on the same side .
Clarke never understood this , just as he and Jack Straw , to name another of the chief villains in the attack on liberty , do not really get the difference between state and government and do not comprehend the importance of individual freedom .
But maybe I am being unfair .
Perhaps Clarke has an inkling of the destruction that has taken place : in the concluding paragraphs of this piece he returns to muse about the ID cards scheme and databases .
Labour should reject proposals for further radical change in the areas of security and liberty .
Our priorities should be to put the constitutional judicial system on a sound footing ; to consolidate and revise existing counter - terrorism legislation ; to continue reducing crime through more modern policing ( including a more rational structure of police forces and more consistent partnership working ) ; and to revise our identity and data protection legislation to put the rights of the individual at the centre .
There is nothing radical in this , because he is only suggesting that people are given access to their data .
He does not question whether the state should collect or use it .
He does not challenge all the rubbish talked about " identity management " because he cannot get his head round the idea that the state does not have entitlement to our information .
When I read this piece I wondered how the author squares his account of the past 12 years with what is happening in the news .
In recent weeks we have learned about the spying on innocent members of the Asian community that is conducted under the Prevent programme ; the secret database of innocent demonstrators maintained by police ; the DNA and isotope testing of asylum seekers to establish race and origin ; the vast expansion of Criminal Records Bureau checks , which we are told this week is likely to spread to all large firms ; the shocking mistreatment of artists , writers , musicians and academics at our borders because of new visa laws ; the imprisonment of innocent children whose parents are seeking asylum , the seizing of assets from elderly and mentally impaired by the little - known court of protection ; the huge increase in prosecutions of ordinary law - abiding people caught by the thousands of new criminal offences created by Labour ; and the continuing expansion of databases , the latest of which will demand 53 pieces of information before a British citizen is allowed to travel abroad .
I could go on .
Every month there are literally hundreds of stories that tell of the damage that Labour has wrought on the delicate structures and traditions that used to be called Britain 's free society .
Clarke and his friends are responsible for this degradation and so , yes , he is right when he says that there has been too much legislation in the areas of liberty and security .
But it is also the understatement of the decade .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 should be doing more to embrace the internet and new media platforms rather than trying to focus on protecting its more traditional media channels - which now includes television .
That was one of the clear messages from senior industry figures on the opening day of the Motor Sport Business Forum in Monaco on Wednesday , as discussions began about where the sport should be heading in its post - manufacturer era .
With a wave of new faces set to enter grand prix racing in 2010 , on the back of the withdrawal of BMW , Toyota and perhaps Renault , it is clear that that the fresh blood believes F1 should be doing more to prepare itself better for the changing modern media .
There was an almost universal belief that F1 was not moving with the times in engaging with the fans - and should be following the example of the music industry which changed its business structures to embrace the internet and revitalise itself .
Gerard Lopez , the Luxembourg - based businessman who is looking at buying the Renault team , has long championed new media ideas - he was an initial investor in Skype - and he thinks F1 has to wake up to what is going on .
" The teams can bring the sport closer to the audience , " he said .
" The sport and its environment is going to be forced to change .
" Most of the broadcast contracts are based on a way of looking at things from 15 , 20 , 25 years ago .
The fact is that in three or fours years ' time , most people in a lot of countries will be watching it not on TV as we know it today , but over the internet .
And that completely redefines how you negotiate contracts and how you distribute content .
" You can't control the internet audience in the same way as you can control the television audience .
It 's a similar process to what the music industry has gone through in terms of digitising itself .
You have to figure out new ways of making money out of it , because at the end of the day that 's what keeps the sport alive . "
Lotus team principal Tony Fernandes , who worked in the music industry before setting up Air Asia , is equally keen for fresh ideas to move the sport forward .
" I look at the future of where F1 could go if managed correctly , " he said .
" It is a massive sport that is as yet untapped .
We have n't touched the whole world yet , through online .
" I left the music business because it did n't want to embrace the internet , and I was at Time Warner and I said to the people there , if you do not embrace the internet then the music industry will be destroyed .
They were more concerned about EBITDA - that 's earnings before everything you do n't like !
I left , I quit that day and flew back from New York to London , saw Stelios [ of Easyjet ] on TV talking about a low cost carrier ...
" Everyone thinks I am nuts to go into F1 , but there is a massive opportunity there - working with the online properties , and reaching audiences that have never been reached before .
There is an opportunity to make it a truly global sport like football .
It can be done , and I think that is why we are interested in it . "
Neville Wheeler , director of the Cisco Media Solutions Group , thinks that it is important F1 does not just move forward - but does not run the risk of losing out to other sports .
He believes that attempts by Formula One Management to ring fence F1 race rights , and prevent distribution through numerous channels beyond just television , could actually prove to be counter - beneficial for the long term health of the sport .
" The pace of change in social media , and the internet in general , is so fast that unless you 're prepared to break away from the shackles of the old way of doing things , you 're rapidly left behind , " he explained .
" You will very quickly find that the people who are passionate fans will seek out and access the content in one way or another .
" The smart organisations are trying to find a way of monetising those rights , rather than trying to create a walled garden to protect them as long as possible .
We have to get to a point where the audience immersion , social media and associated technologies are a key component of the way motorsport - and sport in general - is delivered to the global audience . "
Lopez actually thinks that the pace of change is now so fast that it will take a new influx of businessmen and media analysts to capitalise on it .
" To most people , the so - called MTV generation is the modern generation , " he said .
" To us it 's not - it 's old - fashioned .
People do n't buy music any more .
Kids do n't watch television as much as they used to .
People consume media in a different way .
Even some video game platforms are being forced out of the market by online gaming .
Rights holders have to reach their audiences differently .
" It does n't make sense to try to charge people for something that they will figure out how to get for free .
F1 will be available on the internet and you need to be prepared for that .
The challenge is not in deciding what you give away for free but in deciding what sort of value you 're going to provide on top of that - elements that people are actually willing to pay for . "
Peter Harris , the CEO of the iris Sponsorship agency , believes that F1's desire to hold onto its assets is hurting the ability of sponsors to get more fans engaged .
" There are whole new demographic groups out there , digital junkies , and they want to engage with us - using content , building new platforms with their customers and target audiences , but that is something that is quite hard to do with F1 , " he said .
" There is fantastic content and fantastic stories , but there is not a lot coming out that is accessible for a lot of the brands that are involved .
It makes it harder for them to engage with the audiences .
But there is a huge appetite - especially with the younger audiences . "
Cookies may be delicious delicacies , but they can leave a nasty taste if you do n’t cook them correctly !
Cookies can be blocked by the user , storage space is limited to four 20 Kb cookies per domain , only strings can be used , paths can cause confusion , and the data is normally passed as plain text in the HTTP header .
Often , cookies can be overkill for client - side - heavy applications that need to save temporary state data .
Fortunately , there is a solution that allows you to store JavaScript data within the browser .
The data is retained between page loads , it ’ll survive page back / next events ( even away from the domain ) , it does not require plugins or off - line storage facilities , it ’ll hold at several megabytes of information , it is never transmitted to the server , and works in every browser .
Bizarrely , it works by exploiting the window .
name property ( or window.top.name if you ’re using multiple frames ) .
It ’s rare for developers set the window .
name property .
Generally , it ’s only required when you ’re manipulating frames or pop -up windows .
Even though I ’d hope you were n’t doing that , you do not normally need to define a name for an application ’s starting window .
Although the name property is still a string , it can hold several megabytes of data .
Some versions of Opera limit it to around 2 M b but most browsers offer 10 MB or more .
It ’s easy to try for yourself .
Insert the following JavaScript code into a page on your site :
window.name =
" This message will survive between page loads . " ;
Now add the following code to any other page :
alert ( window.name ) ;
Navigate from the first page to the second and you ’ll find that the message data is retained .
As normal , there are a number of caveats :
The window .name property can be analysed and changed if you navigate to page on another website .
That ’s easily thwarted by not providing external links within your application ’s main window .
However , to be on the safe side , do n’t use window .
name for storing secure data ( unlikely to be a major problem for a client - side - only temporary data store ) .
window.name can only store strings .
What if we need to save other data types or even complex objects ?
Serialization is the answer and , fortunately , we have already developed cross - browser code to generate JSON strings from any JavaScript object .
See also : How to Write a Cookie - less Session Library for JavaScript .
With the Ancients ' city of Atlantis discovered in the Pegasus Galaxy by Stargate Command , Dr. Elizabeth Weir and Major Sheppard lead a scientific expedition to the ancient abandoned city .
Once there , the team not only find themselves unable to contact Earth , but their explorations unexpectedly reawaken the Ancients ' deadly enemies , The Wraith , who hunger for this new prey .
Now with the help of newfound local allies like Teyla Emmagan , the Atlantis Team sets about to uncover their new home 's secrets even as their war of survival against the Wraith begins .
Written by Kenneth Chisholm ( kchishol@rogers.com )
According to the Helicopter History site , traditionally , Armed Forces choose a subject to give name to its ships , airplanes or vehicles .
Here is some information by the site :
" The U.S. Army aviation began in Ft. Sill , Oklahoma prior to moving to FT .
Rucker , Alabama .
Ft. Sill is located in the heart of many native American reservations and in honor of the location they decided to name helicopters after the various Indian tribes .
The one exception is the Bell AH - 1 Cobra which was named such because the army did not want to offend the native Americans by naming a gunship after an Indian tribe and have the be percieved as an insult .
Shortly thereafter many tribal leaders inquired as to why the Army stopped naming helicopters after Indians .
When the reason was explained the leaders stated that there are many aggressive Indian tribes that are fit to name a gunship after which was where the Apache , Kiowa warrior , and formerly the Commanche all got their names from . "
See the Related Links below for more information .
One third of Pakistanis aged 18 to 29 who were surveyed believe in sharia , or Islamic law ; half have “ a great deal of confidence ” in religious - based education ; and more than 60 per cent have faith in the army - the only widely trusted institution of the state .
They believe they do not have adequate skills for the workplace and little anticipation of being able to compete fairly for jobs .
Prospects for restarting the stalled Middle East peace process hit new uncertainty today when the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , decided to postpone crucial elections due to have been held in late January .
Officials said Abbas would accept the recommendation of the central election commission that parliamentary and presidential elections could not go ahead because of the opposition of Hamas , the Islamist movement that controls the Gaza Strip .
Analysts said Abbas was effectively bowing to the inevitable in the face of insurmountable objections by Hamas — and to avoid formalising divisions between the West Bank and Gaza .
Postponement of the election follows an announcement by Abbas last week that he did not wish to seek re-election as president of the western - backed , Ramallah - based Palestinian Authority .
That was widely seen as evidence of his despair at diminishing prospects for meaningful peace talks after the US changed tack to support Israel 's view that settlement activity in the West Bank need not be frozen – as Palestinians demand – before negotiations can resume .
The US , Israel and western governments have all expressed concern that without Abbas an already moribund peace process would have no chance of recovery .
Still , he remains chairman of the PLO and leader of Fatah , its largest component group .
Abbas unilaterally set the 24 January election date after Hamas refused to sign a reconciliation agreement drafted by Egypt following more than a year of intensive mediation efforts between the two hostile factions .
Its prospects remain unclear , but postponement of the poll will at least avoid legitimising the damaging split between the two territories and their rival leaderships .
" Holding an election during a political separation will only increase the separation , " Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for Hamas , said .
The turmoil in Palestinian ranks adds to the enormous difficulties of relaunching talks with Israel — a priority for Barack Obama .
On Wednesday Abbas used the fifth anniversary of the death of his predecessor , Yasser Arafat , to insist that he would not resume talks unless Binyamin Netanyahu , Israel 's prime minister , backed down .
Netanyahu has promised to exercise " restraint " on settlements but snubbed Obama by insisting that " natural growth " in existing Jewish outposts will continue .
Abbas said that must also end , as must Israel 's exclusion of east Jerusalem , which the Palestinians want as their future capital , from the scope of any peace deal .
" We can not go to negotiations without a framework .
And we say the framework is UN resolutions , meaning a return to the 1967 borders , " Abbas said , referring to Israel 's borders on the eve of the conflict that changed the map of the Middle East .
After a dramatic two month wait , the first Minigore [ App Store ] update was approved this afternoon .
Mountain
Sheep originally intended on doing episodic content updates similar to Pocket God , but unforeseen issues with Apple ’s approval process resulted in these updates being rolled out much slower than originally anticipated .
Minigore is a dual stick survival shooter similar to iDracula loaded with fantastic music , a charming cartoon - like art style , and random voice - over commentary from the game ’s protagonist , John Gore .
In the game , you mow down armies of furries with your machine gun for as long as you can stay alive .
For more detail on the gameplay , take a look at our review .
Minigore 1.1 brings a number of changes to the table , including the integration of OpenFeint for online scoring .
You also have a furry “ radar " of sorts , as incoming furries are indicated by small icons bordering the screen showing which direction they ’re coming from .
The game also saves your progress when you quit , and restores your game when you load it again .
Aside from the standard flaming furry , a giant flaming furry was also added along with some new sound effects , voice acting , and animations .
John Gore ’s health was also increased , and he can take one more hit before dying .
While this update introduces a hefty helping of gameplay tweaks and bug fixes , it also introduced two substantial bugs .
Forum members are reporting that if you flip the screen orientation in the options , the game will crash and the only thing you can do to fix it is reinstall the game .
Also , if you do n’t enable OpenFeint when it first offers , you will need to reinstall the game to get the prompt again .
Mountain Sheep has had ambitious plans for the future of Minigore , and recently added another 99 players to their beta testing pool .
It ’s hard to have worse luck than they ’ve already had with being able to get these updates out the door , so hopefully future updates to the game will have fewer problems making their way through Apple and getting on to the App Store .
App Store Link : Minigore , 99 ¢
In my review of the book Strange Fruit , I said I would expand on the question about whether any moral / ethical system can be justified , with reference to the book A Very Bad Wizard by Tamler Sommers , 2009 .
Sommers interviews nine scholars on the subject of morality and ethics .
Following are excerpts showing how evolutionary psychology undermines any justification for a universal moral doctrine .
[ Philip Zimbardo ]
That ’s a good point .
You said it right .
Our life is organized around a bunch of heuristics to say “ Under ordinary circumstances , when the majority of people see something a certain way , it ’s probably the way to see it . ”
[ Frans De Waal ]
The interesting thing about my position is that it ’s really the old Darwinian position : human morality is an outflow of primate sociality .
That ’s how Darwin saw it — it ’s an outgrowth of the social instincts .
It ’s also very close to a Humean position and to Adam Smith .
It ’s a moral sentimentalism — the view that emotions drive morality … .
Natural selection can produce the social indifference you find in many solitary animals .
But it can also produce extremely cooperative , friendly , and empathic characteristics … .
But if you look at the neuroscience literature on human empathy , it ’s obvious that it ’s an automated reaction .
That ’s a strong counterargument to the claim that empathy is a contrived , culturally influenced trait .
[ Tamler Sommers ]
Of course ; it ’s still their family , right ?
As you note , the dark side of our nature is that we favor the interests of our “ in - group , ” especially the family , although that can be broadened a little .
But the farther that goes , the less we care about others , and the more we ’re willing to act violently toward them and neglect them .
[ Frans De Waal ]
I think that human morality evolved as an in - group phenomenon , to strengthen the in - group and increase its cohesiveness .
This was partly needed for competition with other groups .
So what you did to the other groups did n’t matter .
You could hack them to pieces , that would be perfectly fine , as long as you did n’t hack each other to pieces — within the in - group .
And that ’s a really interesting thing .
The worst side of human nature , which is really intergroup violence between religions and between ethnic groups or nations , this side is also linked to the evolution of morality .
And that ’s also why if people now argue that we need to expand morality and have universal human rights , and that we need to care about people elsewhere in the world , they have a big challenge ahead of them … .
Given that we are wealthy as a nation , in that sense , we ought to care about others .
But as soon as there ’s a crash in our economy , like in the ‘ 20s , say , something really serious , will we still care about distant people ?
Human caring is predicated on affordability … .
Our first priority is the survival of ourselves and our close kin .
[ Michael Ruse ]
My position is that the ethical sense can be explained by Darwinian evolution — the ethical sense is an adaptation to keep us social … .
I think ethics is an illusion put into place by our genes to keep us social .
[ Joseph Henrich ]
People have trouble with this because they believe that our way of viewing reputation is the Way everyone thinks about reputation .
But among the Machiguenga they do n’t have these kinds of obligations to other families .
They have obligations to their extended kin units and that ’s pretty much it ….
So one of the things about the evolution of complex societies is that there had to be a shift away from focusing only on your family and your kind , to focusing on these larger groups .
So people say they value their families , but actually people in our society value their families a lot less than , say , the Machiguenga — who are entirely devoted to their families and do n’t allocate labor to society ….
[ Iraqi Chaldeans ] have an ethnic identity , which is tied to their religion and language .
They have strong ties to family and community , and so they have these small grocery stores [ in Detroit ] , which are highly successful .
But they avoid hiring non-Chaldeans , average Americans .
And they have quite different norms about giving to charity .
It ’s a big reputational hit if you do n’t give to Iraqi charities .
They do n’t seem to care about other charities .
[ Tamler Sommers ]
Is it like with the Machiguenga , where if you give to a non-Chaldean charity that money could be going to help Chaldeans ?
[ Joseph Henrich ]
Right , so it ’s actually bad to give to non-Chaldean charities .
And they support political candidates who are Chaldean , which goes along with their sense of identity .
[ Jonathan Haidt ]
There are a couple of watersheds in human evolution .
Most people are comfortable thinking about tool use and language use as watersheds .
But the ability to play non -zero - sum games was another watershed .
What set us apart from most or all of the other hominid species was our ultrasociality , our ability to be highly cooperative , even with strangers — people who are n’t at all related to us .
Something about our minds enabled us to play this game .
Individuals who could play it well succeeded and left more offspring .
Individuals who could n’t form cooperative alliances , on average , died sooner and left fewer children .
And so we ’re the descendants of the successful cooperators … .
So I think that with morality , we build a castle in the air and then we live in it , but it is a real castle .
It has no objective foundation , a foundation outside of our fantasy — but that ’s true about money , that ’s true about music , that ’s true about most of the things that we care about .
[ Stephen Stich ] Batson is a great psychologist but his nomenclature leaves something to be desired .
What this unfortunate name refers to is the egoistic hypothesis that says you help people because seeing their distress , being aware of their distress , causes you to be distressed .
And your motive in helping people , the deep motive , the underlying motive , is to alleviate your own distress — your “ aversive - arousal ” … .
The term “ moral realism ” is used in many different ways .
As I use it , it is a label for a family of theories .
What they have in common is the view that moral judgments or moral beliefs are either true or false , correct or incorrect , and that some moral beliefs at least are true .
My work has focused on a subset of moral realists , who argue that we should expect convergence or agreement in moral judgment under some type of idealized condition , like full agreement over relevant nonmoral facts .
So for example , you and I might disagree about a moral matter if we disagree on a factual matter ; we might disagree on the right policy for dealing with global warming if we also disagree about what ’s causing global warming .
One important group of moral realists , which includes many of the moral theorists associated with Cornell University , believe that if you were to completely eliminate all factual disagreement , you ’d eliminate most moral disagreement as well ….
Yes , right .
The central idea is that morality is in some important ways analogous to science .
In science , one expects there to be plenty of disagreement on the hard questions , but one also expects convergence over time on an increasingly large number of issues .
That , of course , is what we ’ve seen in disciplines like astronomy , chemistry , and biology , and it ’s what moral realists expect in morality as well .
And it ’s here that I think that the empirical evidence is crucially important .
Because what my collaborators and I have been arguing is that this is n’t true .
Our view is that of course you ’d eliminate some moral disagreement if you eliminated factual disagreement , but there would still be a great deal of moral disagreement left , because moral disagreement does not arise only from disagreement over nonmoral facts .
So these are the targets that we have taken aim at , these so - called “ convergentist moral realists . ”
We think that empirical work tends to undermine the claim that convergentists make , although of course the issue is far from settled .
[ Tamler Sommers ]
Could you describe what a norm is on this account ?
[ Stephen Stich ] Norms , as we conceive of them , are mentally represented rules specifying how people should or should not behave .
They serve to trigger emotions and moral judgments — probably the emotions play a very important role in the production of the judgments .
So the crucial bit here is that there is a component of the mind which is in one respect like the language faculty .
( Only in one respect , let me stress . )
It ’s an innate part of the mind whose function is to acquire information from the environment and to store it and use it .
And we believe that , as in the case of language , once those rules are in place , it is very hard to dislodge them .
In particular , learning a bunch of facts is not going to do it .
So , to use a crude analogy , when you learned English as a child you internalized a set of rules in the part of the mind devoted to storing language competence .
You can learn facts until you ’re a very old man , but that wo n’t stop you from being an English speaker .
Similarly , we claim , once you take on board the norms of the surrounding culture , there are no facts you can learn that will get those norms out of the part of the mind devoted to storing norms … .
None of them is correct , no matter what culture you ’re in .
So that ’s why I do n’t like to call it relativism .
In some sense it ’s more radical than relativism .
My view is that norms and the moral judgments to which they lead are n’t in the business of being true or false .
Glen , New York ( CNN ) --
The lead singer of the rock band Weezer was involved in a bus accident Sunday that left him and another passenger in an upstate New York hospital .
Rivers Cuomo , 40 , complained of rib pain and was transferred , along with one other passenger , to St. Mary 's Hospital in Amsterdam , New York .
Cuomo's wife , daughter , and a fifth passenger on the bus were uninjured .
The bus was traveling from Toronto , Ontario , to Boston , Massachusetts , for a show Monday night at the Agganis Arena at Boston University .
The accident occurred shortly after 7:30 a.m. Sunday , while the bus was traveling eastbound on the New York State Thruway near the city of Amsterdam , according to Sgt. Brian Dollard with the New York State Police .
The driver said the back end of the bus slid on ice , then went into the median and hit some reflective posts before crossing back over the highway , going over the guardrail and landing in a ditch .
It had snowed about two inches overnight , police said .
The roads were generally wet Sunday morning , but not covered in snow , Dollard said .
Police said they do not suspect drugs or alcohol were a factor in the accident .
The vehicle is a 2009 Prevost tour bus registered to Night Train Coach Inc. , out of Tennessee .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Security forces in Afghanistan have killed or captured more than 30 high - level militants , including many accused of participating in roadside bomb attacks , military officials said .
Twenty - six militants have been captured , and eight have been killed , with most of them senior leaders in the Taliban and the Haqqani network , according to a news release issued by NATO 's International Security Assistance Force .
The militants -- " known for leading the planning and undertaking of deadly attacks " against civilians , government officials and soldiers -- were captured or killed between August 20 and October 17 , the force reported .
The insurgents also facilitated the " trafficking of fighters , weapons , explosives and money to support their terrorist activities , " the force said .
The force did not explain under what circumstances the militants were killed or detained .
Among the dead are Mullah Farid Fazil Lang , who is accused of planning and participating in attacks against Afghan and ISAF soldiers , the force said .
Lang , who commanded a cell in charge of preparing roadside bombs , was involved in the kidnapping of New York Times reporter David Rohde in November 2008 , the force said .
Rohde was snatched outside Kabul , Afghanistan 's capital , but was later held in Pakistan .
He escaped in June after seven months in Taliban captivity .
Among the detained were Karim Shakan and Matiullah , the force said .
Shakan , a Taliban commander , assisted in the " movement and use of IEDs , " or improvised explosive devices .
He recruited local Afghans for the insurgency and preached anti-government messages , " according to the force .
Matiullah served as an Afghan national police officer in Parwan province , just north of Kabul , when he was linked to insurgents , the force said .
He was accused of passing on information to the insurgency .
A Texas driver has driven his $ 1 m Bugatti Veyron into a saltwater marsh , after apparently being distracted by a low - flying bird .
The driver said the pelican swooping into sight caused him to drop his mobile phone - and he swerved into the water when he reached down to pick it up .
Police say they do not know if the car can be salvaged , but the driver was not injured in the incident .
Footage courtesy The Galveston County Daily News
There 's a common fishermen 's lore about the one that got away .
It 's a right of passage , and a story that is told through generations of fishermen .
It 's always the biggest one that somehow alluded capture , and was free to live it 's life , and perhaps be the subject of another story at another time .
Today we find the once abundant bounty of the sea seriously stressed from over fishing .
Unfortunately that 's a modern version of that age old fisherman 's lore of the one that got away .
This time however it 's the whole bounty instead of the one fish .
The choices that we make as consumers though can help write a different ending .
One where the bounty is preserved for future generations .
The Monterey Bay Aquarium has a program called Seafood Watch that provides resources for consumers , educators and restaurants to use while making wise choices to preserve and ensure a bounty of the sea for present and future generations .
Fish and seafood are healthy alternatives to meat , and for those who enjoy the flavor , a bounty of culinary experiences to enjoy .
It the consumers who have a lot of power in determining the choices of what comes to market .
Fisherman are business people after all , and providing the consumer what the the consumer wants is what they do , Seafood Watch provides a comprehensive program to educate about the challenges that are faced , and to encourage people to learn for themselves about the process and impact of how seafood originates .
By learning about the process consumers can make better choices .
I have to say I 'm very impressed with the depth of the information they provide , because of this I have signed up to become advocate .
You can too I strongly encourage you to spend some time on their site .
There 's so much information to appeal to a wide audience , consumers who buy in supermarkets and restaurants , chefs and business owners , and educators and advocates .
As some one who has designed a lot of communications for the public , this site and the tools they provide is one of the best examples of how a communication plan is written and implemented .
It sets a high standard , which is reflected in their mission .
Here are links for selected topics they cover .
Each link has subtopics that provide a sea of information .
Take some time to look around .
Seafood Watch is on Facebook , Twitter , and provide mobile updates also .
Here they have a search feature where you can enter the name of a seafood product and it will return a user friendly page with a overview of the information needed to make a informed decision about purchases .
Sushi
Seafood Recommendations
What You Can Do
Restaurant Program
Educators and Partners
House Ways and Means Chairman Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) says a free - standing bill could be voted on as early as Thursday .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
A Postal Service bailout ?
The House voted Thursday to freeze Medicare Part B premiums for most elderly next year , even as Democrats moved to exempt the Postal Service from having to make $ 4 billion in payments due next week to cover retirement health benefits for its employees .
The back - to - back actions reflect a flurry of last minute multi-billion - dollar fixes , often without warning , as the government approaches the new fiscal year beginning next Thursday , Oct. 1 .
Advertisement
Democrats hope the Medicare premium freeze , which sailed through on a 406 - 18 vote , will defuse what would otherwise be an October surprise for health care reform — threatened cuts in Social Security checks for millions of elderly .
In the case of the Postal Service , the action closely tracks a House bill approved Sept. 15 but would allow proponents to get past the Senate now without the threat of amendments .
At a meeting of House and Senate Appropriations Committee negotiators Thursday morning , the Postal Service language was incorporated into a stop - gap continuing resolution , or CR , that Congress must enact in the next week to keep the full government operations .
As adopted , the postal agency , which now faces a liability of $ 5.4 billion due Sept. 30 , would have to pay only $ 1.4 billion and would be allowed to effectively defer the remaining $ 4 billion until after 2017 .
“ That ’s good news ” said a Postal Service spokesman , who argued the arrangement posed no risk for the taxpayer since the retirement fund holds $ 32 billion at this time .
Nonetheless , critics argued the $ 4 billion will now be added as a potential cost on the government ’s books given the fragile state of the Postal Service , and the whole handling of the issue is seen by many as a parliamentary sleight - of - hand .
Republicans made no effort to target the postal provision but complained it had been added without warning to the otherwise non-controversial 30 day resolution .
Moreover , to doubly protect their work product , the Democratic leadership for the Appropriations Committees has wrapped it into an otherwise non-controversial $ 4.65 billion budget bill covering the operations of the Capitol and such agencies as the Library of Congress .
This legislative conference report can now be brought back to the House and Senate floor with special privileges that help avoid amendments .
House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey ( D - Wis. ) pointed to fact that Republicans had used a similar ploy with a CR three years ago when they were in power and insisted he had been upfront about the tactics in a public meeting .
Ranking Republican , Rep. Jerry Lewis of California , countered that the whole strategy was “ one of the most cynical legislative maneuvers I ’ve ever seen . ”
And Rep. Robert Aderholt ( R - Ala . ) said Democrats made matters worse by wrapping the spending provision into the legislative appropriations bill –taking care of Congress ’s “ backyard ” and doing little for the rest of the nation .
On a 7 - 4 vote , House negotiators rejected an effort by Lewis to strike the proposed CR from the conference report on the legislative bill .
But despite the cost , neither House nor Senate Republicans in the talks made any direct effort to target the Postal provision .
In truth , many had voted for the relief when a free - standing bill on the same issue passed the House 388- 32 Sept. 15 .
And in the case of the Medicare fix , Republicans were more upset with the process than the policy .
“ Democracy cannot work if we do n’t let the people know why we ’re making decisions , what the policy implications are not just to our senior citizens but to all our citizens , ” said Texas Rep.
Joe Barton , the ranking Republican on the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
He said Democrats had treated himself and other Republicans “ cavalierly ” and owed the country at least a hearing to explain what they had just done .
Without some intervention by Congress , Medicare is slated to announce next month increased Part B premiums , which are typically deducted from a retiree ’s Social Security check to help pay for physician services .
This would be a routine event but for an unusual combination of circumstances this year that could result in some seniors being asked to pay as much as 14 percent more than their current premiums .
For those impacted , that increase could mean a real cut in their Social Security checks next year , since retirees are n’t expected to get a cost - of - living increase in January given the drop in the consumer price index this year .
For Democrats , who hope to be on the House and Senate floors with health care legislation next month , this would be a political nightmare .
And as evidenced by the final vote , Republicans also concluded that to do nothing would be inequitable to those elderly who face the largest increases .
All this happens against a background in which one of the biggest spending fights this week — over highway and transit investments — has been between Republicans themselves .
This was seen Wednesday when the House had to decide whether to back the bipartisan leadership of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which is battling both the Senate and the White House over writing a new , long - term reauthorization of road and transit programs .
Many in the House believe President Barack Obama ’s administration should seize this opportunity to make long - term infrastructure investments to further stimulate the economy .
But the White House and Senate prefer to put off this debate until after the 2010 elections , when there will be an opportunity to address the issue of new revenues to support such expenditures .
The bill Wednesday simply extended the current program for three months as this debate continues , but , playing to his political right , Minority Leader Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) sought to derail the effort by denying proponents the two - thirds majority required under the procedures used .
Whip notices sent out argued that Republicans should hold firm until Democrats pledged that any long - term bill will not include an increased gasoline tax .
But Cantor failed badly as his party split open — 86 - 85 for the bill which passed easily 335 - 85 .
Most striking was the silence of Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) .
He voted with Cantor but earlier walked away without comment when a reporter asked if Republicans were opposing the bill .
Then again , Boehner had opposed the Postal Service relief earlier this month , while Cantor voted for it .
Microsoft has been flooded with complaints from hundreds of disgruntled university bods who have struggled to download or successfully install Windows 7 files supplied by Digital River .
As we reported last week , many UK - based university staff and students who stumped up £ 30 for Microsoft ’s Windows 7 academic offer were grumbling the download was n’t working for them .
Since then , academic customers trying to take advantage of Redmond ’s $ 29.99 Windows 7 upgrade offer to students in the US have also been hit with problems once the software was downloaded from the Minneapolis - based Digital River ’s website .
We repeatedly contacted both Microsoft and Digital River last week to find out what had gone wrong with the downloads , after users began reporting problems within hours of the official consumer launch of Windows 7 .
However , neither company got back to us with an explanation .
Microsoft has , however , since posted a customer response on its “ answers ” website , which appears to be about as close to an official statement as we can expect on this issue .
According to the post , users were n’t only hit with problems trying to download the software .
Some managed to grab the necessary files via Digital River ’s site , only then to be faced either with incompatibility issues or , worse still , having errors spat out when they attempted to unpack files from the download .
“ Rather then providing an ISO file for students to download , they [ Digital River ] provided an unpacker and a couple of .
BOX files which must be unpacked into a disk image , ” a Windows 7 customer told us .
“ It seems that users with x86 systems cannot unpack the files for an x64 download , the unpacker halts with an error . ”
And The Register has heard from unhappy academics in Australia too .
“ Basically , when running the setup file to ‘ unpack ’ the two .BOX files ( note that they have chosen to use a non-standard format , rather than providing an ISO that everyone can work with ) , the installer fails and throws an ‘ unspecified error ’ message , ” one Oz reader similarly reported .
“ This is unacceptable , and personally I ’m hoping for a solution , or my money back . ”
There 's plenty more gripes about this problem here as well .
Microsoft said in its post that it and Digital River were “ investigating ” that particular problem .
In the meantime it ’s telling users that the likely cause relates to incomplete files becoming corrupted on their computers .
“ Users encountering this issue should try and re-download the files by logging into your [ Digital River ] order , ” said Microsoft .
Customers have also hit snags when purchasing a 64 - bit upgrade to Windows 7 when running the 32 - bit version of Windows Vista on their PCs .
It would seem that despite the software requiring a clean install rather than a straightforward upgrade , many perplexed punters were still able to buy the software via Digital River , without being warned that their current OS was unable to perform the upgrade .
Microsoft said affected users would be able to refund their 64 - bit Windows 7 and re-order the 32 - bit version of Windows 7 in order to qualify for the academic upgrade offer .
Alternatively , those 32 - bit Vista customers who want the 64 - bit version of Windows 7 will need to wait for Digital River to ship out the backup DVD , in order that they can do a fresh install of the software .
It 's fair to say that Digital River has made a complete hash of adequately explaining what users can and can't do with the upgrades on offer .
Add to that the fact that the supplier failed to provide a simple .ISO file to customers downloading the software and it's of little wonder that so many customers who paid up for the Windows 7 academic offer in good faith are struggling to get their hands on the OS . ®
There were many articles yesterday suggesting that a major new flaw in TLS ( aka SSL ) had been found ( [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] ) .
The last of those is a post by Ben Laurie , an expert in these matters , with a suitably hyperbolic title : “ Another Protocol Bites The Dust ”
Here 's the issue : there 's an extremely uncommon configuration of web servers where they 're setup to require client side certificates for some URLs and not others .
If a user has an HTTPS connection open that did n't handshake with a client side certificate and they try to access such a URL , the webserver will perform another handshake on the same connection .
As soon as that handshake completes with the correct certificate , they 'll run the request that was received from before the connection was fully authenticated .
It 's a bug in the web server .
There was a misunderstanding between what the folks writing the webserver thought that TLS was providing and what it actually provides .
One might also argue that it's a short coming in the HTTP protocol ( there 's no way for a server to ask a client to redo a request ) .
One might also argue that TLS should provide the properties that the web servers expected .
But it 's not a flaw in TLS .
The TLS security properties are exactly what was intended .
Now , it appears that the fix will be to TLS .
That 's fine , but the place that gets ‘ fixed ’ is n't always the place that made the mistake .
I do n't understand why knowledgeable folks like EKR and Laurie are so eager to attribute this problem to TLS .
In an inspiring display of sensibility , the prime minister of Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina , has ordered male government employees to stop wearing suits , jackets , and neckties .
In addition to eliminating pointless and uncomfortable decorative elements from men's clothing , the move will help minimize the need for air conditioning .
Accompanying the government 's laudable decision was an order not to turn air conditioners in government buildings below 75 degrees F .
According to the BBC , Bangladesh has been suffering from a major energy shortage , with daily blackouts as the state - owned power plants are unable to meet demand .
The British news service reports that the plants ' output has not been able to keep up with the country 's economy , which has been growing 6 percent annually for the past five years .
Additionally , the energy sector has been plagued by allegations of corruption , which , if true , could possibly be exacerbated by the low morale that inevitably results from forcing workers to tie useless strips of fabric around their necks every day .
Under the new dress code – which applies even to the highest levels of government – men may also wear their shirts untucked , instead of stuffing the bottom portion into their pants for no good reason other than to conform to some arbitrary display of professionalism .
The BBC reports that the government plans to encourage private businesses to follow its example .
As can be expected , Sheikh Hasina was praised for her compassionate and pragmatic – albeit long overdue – change to the official dress code .
Writing in The New Nation , an independent English - language news source in Bangladesh , columnist Maswood Alam Khan suggests that the new attire , in addition to saving energy , might help restore a sense of national pride .
Wearing suits and stuffing our necks with a tie , in spite of ourselves , is a sartorial fashion we have borrowed from the British who were our colonial rulers .
Our ancestors enjoyed punishing themselves by mimicking the British style and fashion , which was seen as synonymous with being chic and modern .
They wanted in vain to be ' brown sahibs ' !
So , as a legacy our office executives - the fashion victims - now find it prestigious to chill their car and office chamber to [ 64 degrees F. ] so that they and their guests can wear pinstripe suits and silk ties wrapped over the designer shirts when the weather outside is extremely hot and humid and when the general people are sweating and panting due to power outage .
Despised by all but the most inveterate masochists , the necktie traces its origins to the uniforms of 16th century Croatian mercenaries in the employ of King Louis XIII of France .
In a sartorial choice that has baffled and dismayed people ever since , upper - class Parisians adopted the mercenaries ' knotted scarf , which they called a " cravat " – a mispronunciation of the word " Croat " probably caused by a restricted larynx .
The cravat eventually " evolved " into the modern necktie , which was eventually paired with an outfit consisting of a heavy jacket and flimsy slacks , a design that guarantees that its wearer will be uncomfortable regardless of the ambient temperature .
The predecessor to the modern suit and tie emerged in Britain the early 1800s , with Beau Brummel , an influential fashion arbiter and friend of the Prince Regent , the future George IV .
Brummel , who claimed to have spent two hours getting ready each morning , can also be blamed for introducing the expectation that men should have to shave their faces every single day .
==
Speaking of archaic practices , the use of homing pigeons is making a comeback .
At least it is in South Africa .
Internet speeds are so slow that one business held a race between email and a pigeon .
Who won ?
Click here to find out .
Follow Eoin on Twitter
All who knew opera-loving Mona Webster during her long and varied life were aware she was a lady of unusual cultural refinement and breadth of interests .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Widely accomplished in horticulture and needlework , the lighthouse keeper ’s daughter 's travels in pursuit of rare birds had taken her to the furthest reaches of every continent , often sleeping under canvas in defiance of the advancing years .
So it was with her love of music – a passion which would see her journey to New York well into old age for performances at her favourite opera house .
She died in her adopted city of Edinburgh in August this year aged 96 .
It has emerged that the former civil servant left an incredible legacy to her twin passions of music and wildlife , giving away the £ 10 m fortune she had built up through canny investments dating back decades .
Friends and family of the late widow were reported to be stunned at her altruism today when it was revealed that she had left £ 4.5 m to New York ’s Metropolitan Opera House and £ 4.4 m to the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust , the charity established by the naturalist and artist Sir Peter Scott .
She donated £ 100,000 to the Royal Opera Trust in London ’s Covent Garden and the same amount to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution .
Her £ 550,000 home was left to friends while a further £ 825,000 was given away in donations and gifts .
A friend of the family described the former Inland Revenue worker as a “ very modest person ” who would be deeply missed .
“ Everybody knew about Mona ’s love of opera and birdwatching , but the family are stunned at the level of generosity given to these two causes , ” the friend said .
“ Mona was a kind and caring person , and her friends and family I ’m sure will be delighted her legacy will live on through her sizeable donations . ”
Much of her wealth was tied up in shares , including more than £ 1 m in the American soft drinks maker Dr Pepper .
Among the talks she used to give describing her experiences was one on how to self - manage one ’s finances .
Her late husband Ted Webster had been the investment manager at Scottish Union and National before his death in 1981 .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The couple had no children and devoted their considerable energies to their many hobbies during 40 years of married life , friends said .
She was often heard to tell acquaintances : “ There just are n’t enough hours in the day for all my interests . ”
Mrs Webster ’s love of birds had grown from her childhood living with her parents at Douglas Head Lighthouse in the Isle of Man and later moving to Orkney where she recalled lying on the heather enjoying the distinctive call of the skylarks as they soared in the air above her .
She went on to catalogue 5,500 species of bird during her travels .
A head for figures and an impressive memory marked her out for the civil service and she was transferred to wartime London to serve at the tax office then at Somerset House only narrowly surviving the German bombs of the Blitz .
After moving to Edinburgh she and her husband became known for their garden , which was famous for its camelias , roses , azaleas and hydrangeas .
A spokesman for Metropolitan Opera paid tribute to the Scottish benefactor today .
“ Mrs Webster was a long - time friend of the Met and a generous donor .
She did visit the Met occasionally , and she will be greatly missed by those who had the privilege of knowing her , ” he said .
David Salmon , from the Wildlife and Wetlands Trust , said : “ We are extremely appreciative when this kind of provision is made for us .
The donation will go towards preserving wetlands for wildlife and people .
It is a remarkable gesture . ”
Not sure if Bush - Blair deal to invade Iraq was ‘ signed in blood , ’ former UK ambassador says ; Iraq war inquiry could be a cover - up , critics claim
A former British ambassador to the United States says then - National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice talked to him about Iraq and Saddam Hussein hours after the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sir Christopher Meyer , who served as Britain ’s top diplomat in Washington from 1997 to 2003 , also told an inquiry into the Iraq war that the timeline the US and Britain set to invade Iraq made it impossible for the UN to determine if Saddam Hussein had active weapons of mass destruction programs .
He also criticized former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , saying that a “ stronger prime minister ” like Margaret Thatcher would have been able to exert more influence on Washington and allow more time for diplomacy , while insisting on a plan for what would happen after the invasion .
On September 11 , 2001 , Rice reportedly told Meyer that “ there ’s no doubt this was an Al - Qaeda operation [ but ] we are just looking to see if there could possibly be any connection with Saddam Hussein . ”
Rice ’s comments at the time are “ important because they suggest that the United States quickly tied the attacks with Saddam ’s regime , ” writes David Stringer at the Associated Press .
“ Years later , President George W. Bush ’s administration was forced to acknowledge that they could find no connection between Saddam and the attacks . ”
Meyer , the former ambassador , also told the inquiry that the “ unforgiving nature ” of the Bush administration ’s plans for an Iraq invasion effectively made it impossible for chief UN weapons inspector Hans Blix to determine if Saddam had an operational weapons of mass destruction program .
The Guardian reports :
ADVERTISEMENT
Sir Christopher Meyer said the “ unforgiving nature ” of the build - up after American forces had been told to prepare for war meant that “ we found ourselves scrabbling for the smoking gun ” .
He added : “ It was another way of saying ‘ it ’s not that Saddam has to prove that he ’s innocent , we ’ve now bloody well got to try and prove he ’s guilty . ’
And we – the Americans , the British – have never really recovered from that because of course there was no smoking gun . ”
The US had first prepared for invasion in January but the date was later moved to March .
“ All that said , when you looked at the timetable for the inspections , it was impossible to see how [ Hans ] Blix [ chief weapons inspector ] could bring the process to a conclusion , for better or for worse , by March . ”
Meyer also suggested that an April , 2002 meeting between Blair and President George W. Bush at the president ’s ranch in Crawford , Texas , may have marked the turning point when the UK decided to follow the US unquestioningly into a war in Iraq , and it may have been the moment when Tony Blair realized that weapons of mass destruction were little more than a pretext for the actual purpose of the war — regime change in Iraq .
The Daily Telegraph reports that Meyer said :
“ The two men were alone in the ranch so I ’m not entirely clear to this day what degree of convergence ( on Iraq policy ) was signed in blood , if you like , at the Crawford ranch .
“ But there are clues in the speech Tony Blair gave the next day , which was the first time he had said in public ‘ regime change ’ .
He was trying to draw the lessons of 9/11 and apply them to the situation in Iraq which led – I think not inadvertently but deliberately – to a conflation of the threat posed by Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein .
“ When I read that I thought ‘ this represents a tightening of the UK / US alliance and a degree of convergence on the danger Saddam Hussein presented ’. ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Meyer also criticized Tony Blair for not insisting more strongly that the US put more effort into a diplomatic resolution to the Iraq conflict , comparing the Labour Party prime minister unfavorably to Britain ’s Conservative prime minister in the 1980s , Baroness Margaret Thatcher .
The Independent reports :
Insisting he was not making a “ party political point ” , Sir Christopher said he had asked himself “ what would Margaret Thatcher have done ” in handling Britain ’s relationship with the US .
“ I think she would have insisted on a clear , coherent diplomatic strategy and I think she would have demanded the greatest clarity about what the heck will happen if and when we remove Saddam Hussein , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
COVER -UP ?
The British government ’s inquiry into the Iraq invasion , led by Sir John Chilcot , is being described in the British media as the largest , most expansive investigation yet into the Iraq war and its causes .
But some critics say that an arrangement between the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the Chilcot inquiry to keep certain documents secret could result in a cover-up .
“ A previously undisclosed agreement between Sir John Chilcot ’s inquiry and the government gives Whitehall [ the British government ] the final say on what information the investigation can release into the public domain , ” reports Andrew Grice , political editor of the Independent .
A protocol agreed by the inquiry and the government includes nine wide - ranging reasons under which Whitehall departments can refuse to publish documents disclosed to the investigation .
Crucially , disputes between Sir John and the government over disclosures would be resolved by the Cabinet Secretary , Sir Gus O’Donnell [ the highest - ranking bureaucrat in the British government ] .
The agreement allows the Government to stop publication of material which would “ cause harm or damage to the public interest ” such as national security , international relations or economic interests ; breach the disclosure rules of the security services ; endanger life or risk serious harm to an individual ; breach legal professional privilege ; prejudice legal proceedings or a statutory or criminal inquiry ; breach the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act or Data Protection Act ; or be commercially sensitive .
ADVERTISEMENT
Observers have already noticed the arrangement between the inquiry and the British government at work , and have suggested that information is already being concealed from the public .
“ The limitations of the Chilcot inquiry are obvious , ” writes Diane Abbott at the Guardian .
“ It is a group of establishment trusties , evidence will not be on oath and the government is doing its best to keep key documents from the inquiry .
Even yesterday , in the very first week of the inquiry , former British ambassador to Washington , Sir Christopher Meyer , mentioned four key documents that he knew existed but the Chilcot inquiry had not seen . ”
But Abbott noted that important information about the run-up to the Iraq war is making it through to the public , despite the government ’s efforts to restrict it .
“ Despite everything , the truth is coming to light , ” Abbott writes .
Los Angeles
Tom Petty goes to work in a Van Nuys warehouse next to an auto shop and an upholsterer .
His band the Heartbreakers rehearses there , still looking for ways to improve after more than 30 years together .
On paper , Mr. Petty rivals other acts who have lasted for decades , such as Bruce Springsteen or Neil Young .
He 's sold some 60 million albums , is ubiquitous on classic rock stations and has collaborated with music legends from Bob Dylan to George Harrison .
Last year , he played the Super Bowl and much of the nation ...
I am delighted to come to Beijing and share thoughts with my colleagues in the media and my friends from around the globe .
Confucius noted that those who seek constant happiness must often change – now , I ’m no sage but it is fair to say that we are today confronted by unprecedented change and challenge , and if we do n’t adapt and adopt , Confucius will be proved prescient again , and there will be much unhappiness .
That is true of all in this room , whether you be Chinese or British , Indian or Russian .
It is fitting that we meet in Beijing .
China ’s success in lifting itself out of poverty to become a global economic powerhouse holds out hope for millions of impoverished people around the world .
On my last visit to this country , I and many others experienced this new China at the Beijing Olympics .
On TV screens from New York to New Caledonia , people witnessed an opening ceremony that successfully fused the traditional with the contemporary .
The challenge of fusing past and present is real for media companies , and for China .
Our aim must be to enhance the lives of our customers and citizens , and yet we find ourselves in the midst of an information revolution that is both exciting and unsettling .
It is a digital revolution turning traditional business models upside down … traversing geographic , industrial , and media boundaries … and creating a new source of wealth , material and social , around the world .
But the digital is a means , not an end .
It is a mechanism by which people can transform their lives ; to improve the education of their children ; to reform health care ; and , as we all know , to access news and information and entertainment on an unprecedented scale .
Modern China has a tremendous stake in a shared digital future , because its own wealth and success will depend on how well it responds to the challenges , nationally and internationally .
These changes are touching almost every part of society .
Even the simplest products and services are being radically transformed .
The novel can easily become the normal and the modern can quickly seem merely mediocre .
All of our readers and customers have never had so much choice – and they are rightly exercising that choice every day .
Online banking means you never have to trudge down to the bank and stand in a queue to pay a bill or transfer money – the only issue is whether your bank managed to survive the financial crisis .
Every month we are seeing the introduction of increasingly sophisticated mobile phones , which can now download a movie and project it on to your wall at home .
This is not some starry - eyed , half - glimpsed future .
This is how we are living today – and is just a taste of how we will live tomorrow .
Media companies know that if you do not respond intelligently and creatively to the digital challenge , your future will be bleak indeed .
The presses are now silent at some of the world ’s most famous newspapers - they were supposed to report on their societies , but somehow failed to notice that those societies were changing fundamentally .
But that very same threat is a remarkable opportunity for others – The Wall Street Journal now has a monthly digital audience of 25 million , plus another two or so million in the Chinese language .
Now , we all know that internet statistics are not precisely precise , but they definitely give a sense of the scale of change and opportunity .
What is true for a company is also true for a nation .
The digital renaissance offers China an opportunity to exercise leadership , especially as it continues to transform one of the world ’s oldest cultures into a dynamic and competitive economy .
But , as I said earlier , the digital platform is a mere mechanism , a canvas for the talents and aspirations and potential of a person and a place .
The world wants China to succeed .
We understand that none of the big global challenges we face – climate change , nuclear proliferation , terrorism , humiliating poverty – can be solved without the active engagement of a prosperous and successful China .
And the embrace of the digital is as vital to China today as its decision thirty years ago to take its place in the global economy .
The policy then was called “ the open door ” – China now has a chance to open its digital door .
Today I wish to divide this digital world into three parts :
How media is being transformed … how the Chinese media can take advantage of that transformation … and some steps necessary to ensure that the Chinese people are in a position to realize their potential .
Let me start with the media .
I speak as the chief executive of a corporation that has operations on every continent – and whose companies include print , radio , television , filmed entertainment , sports , books , social networking , and more .
In the not - so - distant past , these sectors were discrete – and that was how they competed .
A television station , for example , generally competed with other television stations .
A newspaper fought with other newspapers .
Those boundaries are now permanently blurred .
The modern newspaper has long had a video editor and now equips its correspondents with cameras .
And the commercial lessons of one sector are now salient elsewhere .
Our satellite television networks have been remarkably successful in offering viewers a wide choice , on their terms – so why ca n’t the world ’s greatest newspapers offer a suite of services digitally for which many millions of readers will pay ?
Too often the conventional media response to the internet has been inchoate .
A medium once thought too powerful has often seemed impotent in the past few years .
Of course there should be a price paid for quality content , and yet large media organizations have been submissive in the face of the flat - earthers who insisted that all content should be free all the time .
The sun does not orbit the earth , and yet this was precisely the premise that the press passively accepted , even though there have been obvious signs that readers recognize the reality that they should pay a price .
There are many readers who believe that they are paying for content when they sign up with an internet service provider , presuming that they have bought a ticket to a content buffet .
That misconception thrived on the silence of inarticulate institutions which were unable to challenge the fallacies and humbug of the e-establishment .
The value of content has been volatile in the past decade but we are entering another decisive phase in which device makers are again courting the creators of content .
I have sensed that shift in recent days during my travels in Japan and South Korea where I met some of the world ’s leading electronics manufacturers .
These companies do n’t want their customers to be served a diet of digital dross , and yet that will be the inevitable consequence if the worth of content and creativity are not appreciated .
The Philistine phase of the digital age is almost over .
The aggregators and the plagiarists will soon have to pay a price for the co-opting of our content .
But if we do not take advantage of the current movement toward paid - for content , it will be the content creators , the people in this hall , who will pay the ultimate price and the content kleptomaniacs will triumph .
My second point is that Chinese media and entertainment companies have a remarkable opportunity to expand their international influence and revenues .
That possibility was recognized in recent days by the Chinese Government , which envisions the development of media champions able to compete on the world stage .
I genuinely look forward to that competition , but I fear the ability of creative companies to prosper globally could be undermined by a lack of intellectual property protection domestically .
There is no doubt that the Chinese Government recognizes this problem but has difficulty ensuring that regulations are observed across the nation .
I recall that when Deng Xiaoping was encouraging a pragmatic economic policy he noted that it does not matter whether the cat is black or white , as long as it catches mice .
I ’ve heard that a modern variation of that saying is that it does n’t matter whether the mouse is white or black as long as it manages to avoid the cat .
There are impressive media companies emerging in China , but piracy will make it difficult for them to generate the profits at home that would fuel growth abroad .
There is a second problem for these potentially influential Chinese companies .
They operate in a market that is sheltered and so they are not exposed to the competition that would prepare them for the rigors of the global marketplace .
The Chinese market is certainly large , as the number of cell phones far exceeds the entire population of the U.S. and reflects how markets can work to the benefit of a country ’s citizens .
Two decades ago , there was a long wait for a fixed line in China and it was the well - connected who got connected .
Now , a phone is not a perk for the privileged few but a necessity for the lao - bai-xing , the old one hundred names – that is , the common man and woman .
The more affluent these new customers become , the more they will demand from all of their media .
The majority of that content will be domestically driven , but its quality will , in part , be determined by whether Chinese companies are prompted , through competition , to improve their products .
Japan and India provide interesting and contrasting examples in media .
The Japanese entertainment market has remained relatively closed and so most of its media companies have struggled to make an impact beyond the country ’s borders .
The international success stories in media have been relatively rare , even though Japan has the world ’s second largest economy and has produced some of the best known consumer brands .
Many years ago , I made a small investment in a Japanese television company , but that move was met with horror by the establishment and it was clear that we were not welcome .
Earlier this week , I was urged by some of the most senior members of that very same establishment to try again and assured that the welcome would be much warmer this time .
India , which is far , far earlier in the economic development cycle , has been more welcoming of competition and so Bollywood has come to influence Hollywood , financially and creatively .
Meanwhile , a willingness to allow international companies into the domestic television market has prompted local companies to improve their production quality .
And pioneers like STAR have made a significant contribution to a diverse and growing industry .
The great winners are the people of India , who have much pride in their global success and a choice of programs unimaginable a decade ago .
The same applies to financial information , which China has recognized .
Xinhua ’s own status has recently changed , moving from the regulator and to the regulated .
The lesson of last year ’s financial collapse is that we all have to take responsibility for our finances by reading about the subject .
The more competition to provide Chinese individuals and institutions with financial news , the more informed their investment decisions will be .
China will ultimately decide its own fate , but unless the digital door is opened , opportunities will be lost and potential will not be realized .
There is real reason for confidence in the ability of Chinese companies to compete if that door is opened .
Everywhere I go in China , I talk to someone starting up a new enterprise … going to school to gain the advanced knowledge he or she needs to succeed … or building a better life for his or her family .
The optimism I see is striking – especially in contrast to the pessimism echoing around other parts of the world .
My industry depends on that creativity to thrive .
And this new generation of highly educated and talented Chinese will change the media market in two ways : as demanding consumers , and as talented producers , both of which will blossom , given the chance and given choice .
My final and most contentions point is to discuss China ’s emergence as a global power .
This is a media summit , a contest of ideas , and my thoughts should be taken in the spirit of that contest .
China is both a developing country and a reluctant superpower .
Even with the extraordinary success of economic reform , there are areas of great poverty in rural China and a striking disparity with the increasing wealth of the east .
And yet China is already the world ’s third largest economy and will become the second largest in the not - too - distant future .
With that status comes a global responsibility .
Within China , a theme in recent years has been to emphasise the “ harmonious rise ” , to have more influence without causing offence .
That is a valid idea but almost conveys the impression that someone is hoping that China ’s arrival on the world scene will somehow not be noticed .
The reality that its words will be interpreted and over - interpreted , and that it must reconcile domestic pressures with international responsibility .
That growing influence could be efficacious for global trade .
The world trade talks known as the Doha round have ground to an embarrassing halt .
In too many languages , Doha is a four - letter word .
Obviously , freer trade is of great interest to media companies , both Chinese and foreign , but it is of particular interest to developing and less developed countries aiming to export their way out of impoverishment .
It is a moral failing of the rich world that our agricultural markets are subsidized and protected .
For all the laudable talk about aid to Africa , the greatest assistance that we can give to talented Africans is to allow them access to western markets .
Now , China has a real opportunity to show leadership in trade .
In the past , the world has generally relied on the US and Europe to lead these discussions , whether they be about tariffs or intellectual property rights .
There is an awareness about the importance of trade in Washington but I ’m not sure there is the passion necessary to make policy .
I have noticed a positive change in attitudes in India , which had previously placed significant obstacles in the path of trade negotiations .
Would n’t it be an auspicious sign of our times if the contemporary catalysts for freer trade , traditional and digital , were China and India ?
It would show definitively that the world was no longer run by a rich man ’s club .
Now , a consequence of a higher profile is criticism .
I ’ve had some personal experience of that phenomenon .
A cursory search of the internet will throw up some rather vigorous and vitriolic criticism of this curious character called Rupert Murdoch .
But myth is , in the end , not material .
A preconception is not a personality .
That is as true of nations as it is of individuals .
As China emerges , it will be the subject of more criticism , in the true sense of the word .
The people in this hall will sometimes be doing the critiquing .
My personal advice is not to take it personally .
It is now beyond passé to observe that the digital world is borderless , but I think we are yet to properly appreciate how borderless our planet can and should be .
We have distinct cultural differences , and they must be cherished , our national identities nurtured .
But these are but parts of our global character .
We all , including the great people of China , are both inheritors and custodians .
We have inherited our planet and purpose from our ancestors , and we are custodians of that planet and purpose for our children and grandchildren .
I wish you all the very , very best in our common cause .
Despite being almost completely embedded in the side of a hill , this modern home in Switzerland has a seriously stunning view .
You can almost picture Julie Andrews ( distracted with spinning and singing ) crashing through the window into your living room .
Advertisement
Designed by SeARCH , a Dutch architecture firm , and Christian Müller Architects , the home features an enormous patio with an elliptical opening designed to accentuate the view .
The old - looking barn in the distance even features an underground tunnel that serves as an entrance into the home .
All in all , the design was so unique that the builders were able to skirt around the notoriously strict building requirements in the area .
Absolutely beautiful — which is why you should hit the following link for more images .
[ Iwan Bann via Arbitare via Fast Company ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Nanoparticles can damage the DNA of cells from a distance , even without crossing the cellular barriers that protect certain parts of the body , British researchers said on Thursday .
The surprising discovery raises fresh questions about the safety of nanotechnology , which involves manipulating particles that are tens of thousands of times smaller than the width of a human hair .
But it may also help scientists create more effective medicines and diagnostic tools that can work across specialized cell walls , such as the blood - brain barrier .
Scientists from the University of Bristol tested the impact of high concentrations of metal nanoparticles on DNA in a laboratory experiment , which they stressed was not designed to accurately replicate conditions in the body .
“ To our great surprise , not only did we see damage on the other side of the barrier but we saw as much damage on the other side of the barrier as if we ’d actually not had it there at all , ” researcher Patrick Case told reporters .
Case and colleagues found the nanoparticles did n’t pass through the multi-layer cell wall to cause the damage , but in fact generated signaling molecules that were then transmitted to cells on the other side .
The scientists , who reported their work in the journal Nature Nanotechnology , said the findings suggested that direct and indirect effects of nanoparticles on cells were equally important when considering their use in medicine .
Nanoparticles -- with a diameter measured in billionths of meters -- are being studied increasingly in medicine , where they may help in the delivery of drugs against cancer and other diseases .
They are also used in cosmetics and electronics .
But their use has raised concerns about dangers .
Chinese researchers reported in August that seven young Chinese women suffered permanent lung damage and two of them died after working without proper protection in a paint factory using nanoparticles .
US resident accused of fraud but supporters say charges are punishment for years of activism
A long - term US resident and former leader of student protests in Tiananmen Square went on trial in China this morning , one day after Barack Obama concluded his visit to the country .
Zhou Yongjun is accused of fraud charges involving a bank in Hong Kong , his lawyer and his girlfriend told Reuters .
She and other supporters said they believed the charges were a pretext to punish him for years of activism .
Zhou was a leader of the Beijing Students Autonomous Union and was jailed for two years following the bloody suppression of the 1989 protests .
" I know from the lawyers that he's on trial today , but the whole process has been kept secret , " Zhang Yuewei , Zhou 's girlfriend , said from Los Angeles where she lives .
She said Zhou 's immediate family had told her of the trial in Shehong county , in the south - western Sichuan province .
In an email to Reuters , she added : " Holding the trial at this time was to show the US president ... the Chinese government maybe believes that it has the power and cash to go up against the United States and international society . "
Obama raised human rights concerns with senior leaders during his trip , and spoke publicly about why America believed rights such as political participation were universal , but some campaigners had hoped he would go further .
Zhou , 42 , was handed over to mainland authorities by Hong Kong officials in September last year .
It is thought he had hoped to visit relatives using a Malaysian passport .
Although Hong Kong was returned to China in 1997 , it has separate political , legal , economic and immigration systems from the mainland .
Hong Kong 's government refused to comment on Zhou 's case .
Visitors whose travel documents do not meet requirements were usually returned to their " place of embarkation or origin " , the government said .
Zhou has a US green card giving him residential rights in the US but not full citizenship – meaning the US has little formal power to intervene .
Zhou 's lawyer , Chen Zerui , told Reuters : " Of course , he pleaded innocent and spoke out to the court in his own defence .
" He believes the whole case is without any foundation . "
Chen told the Associated Press that the passport Zhou was using was in a name on a money laundering watchlist , but that the defendant said he had obtained the passport through an immigration agency and had simply been the victim of bad luck .
According to the Hong Kong - based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy , the name is a pseudonym used by the deceased leader of a meditation group banned by China and authorities suspected Zhou of attempting to access funds frozen after the leader 's death .
Bank officials say they spotted a suspicious request for a transfer of funds .
This scanning electron microscope image shows the tunable few - electron triple quantum dot design .
L , C , and R refer to the left , center , and right dot plunger gates , and 1 and 2 refer to the tunnel barriers between dots .
The QPC on the left is used as a charge detector by measuring the current .
Image credit : L. Gaudreau , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
While quantum dots have existed since the 1980s , only in the past decade have physicists successfully created lateral few - electron single quantum dots .
These quantum dots enable physicists to manipulate quantum spins , which could be used as qubits for quantum information applications .
Along these lines , a team of physicists from the National Research Council in Canada who were responsible for the original lateral few - electron single quantum dot have recently designed a new few - electron triple quantum dot circuit , and demonstrated that all three quantum dots can be tuned in resonance .
As the scientists explained in a recent issue of Applied Physics Letters , the triple quantum dot design could be useful in research studies of quantum dots where knowing the exact number of electrons is important .
The design could also have applications in future quantum information devices involving electron spin qubits .
“ Having all three dots in resonance is a requirement for certain quantum information functionalities such as a spin bus for coherently transmitting spin information across a circuit , ” coauthor Louis Gaudreau told PhysOrg.com .
The group fabricated and tried several device designs , but the early versions were found to be marginal as triple quantum dots and not tunable enough to be useful .
Finally the researchers found a design which allowed one to three electrons to be isolated in a center dot with a wider occupation number range available for the outer two dots .
To demonstrate the required tunability of the circuit , the scientists adjusted the various gate voltages to settings where all three quantum dots were in resonance with each other .
These locations are called quadruple points .
Close to the quadruple points , the group demonstrated the presence of charge reconfigurations analogous to quantum cellular automata effects .
“ Going from double quantum dots , which are being studied in several laboratories , to a triple quantum dot is a more significant step than just adding one extra spin qubit , ” Gaudreau said .
“ There are many concepts which require three quantum dots , such as demonstrating entanglement , running simple quantum algorithms and quantum computing error correction schemes .
“ Ultimately , we plan to use our device for running simple quantum information applications , but as a first step we need to demonstrate we can manipulate spins in such a compelx circuit .
One of the interesting concepts we are also studying with this device is ‘ backaction ’ i.e. the way making the measurement itself affects the result . ”
More information : L. Gaudreau , A. Kam , G. Granger , S. A. Studenikin , P. Zawadzki , and A. S. Sachrajda .
“ A tunable few electron triple quantum dot . ” Applied Physics Letters 95 , 193101 ( 2009 ) .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Researchers Suggest Quantum Dots as Media for Teleportation
This week Vladimir Putin 's regime proved an even colder and darker place than what a Russian winter alone can offer .
In other words , Magnitsky died fighting for the rule of law in a country that has no national memory of what that concept means .
I 'm about to head out to RinCon , and before I left , I wanted to make sure I let everyone attending know that I 'm doing what I think will be a pretty awesome fundraiser for Child 's Play while I 'm there .
First , some history :
Way back in the olden days , when 8 bits were enough to blow your mind on a 13 - inch television and digital watches were a pretty neat idea , the concept of the Dungeon Delve was born .
It 's pretty straightforward : a group of players and a Dungeon Master sit down together , and the players have 45 minutes or so to make it through the end of a short dungeon , while the Dungeon Master does his best to kill them .
The delve ends when the players defeat the final boss ( or solve the final puzzle , or something like that ) , the time limit is reached , or the players all die horrible but noble and heroic deaths .
It 's different from the collaborative storytelling experience that we experience in my regular D&D games , but it 's still a hell of a lot of fun , and the time limit makes it perfect for running at conventions .
So , with that bit of historical context in your heads , allow me to announce ...
Wil Wheaton 's 2009 Dwarven Dungeon Delve of Doom !
Benefitting the Child 's Play Charity .
I 'm going to run two delves ; one on Friday at 6 pm and one on Sunday at 12 pm .
There are five spots open for each delve , and they 'll be available on a first come , first served basis starting on Friday when the con opens .
Because I 'm doing this to benefit the Child 's Play Charity , I 'm asking for a $ 50 donation to get into the game .
For that donation , you get :
A " very special , very awesome " gift bag from my friends at Wizards of the Coast .
I do n't want to ruin the surprise , but I talked to my friend there yesterday , and OMG is it going to be awesome .
And special .
But mostly awesome .
Your very own set of dice to take home with you , engraved for the occasion , and provided by the good people at Gamestation dot Net .
Your old pal , Wil Wheaton , as your Dungeon Master .
You 'll also be supporting an absolutely wonderful and worthy charitable organization .
We 'll provide the characters , the minis , the dice ( though you are of course welcome to use your own ) and the dungeon .
All you have to bring is your imagination and a donation to Child 's Play .
To get into the game , all you have to do is sign up at the main registration desk before the available slots are filled .
Even if you 've never played D&D before , you can still have a lot of fun , in a relaxed and non-serious environment , with players and a DM who will certainly help you understand what 's going on .
I 'm pretty sure these spots will fill up very fast , but even if you can't get into the game , there will be space to come and watch us , if you 're interested in that sort of thing .
By Ruth Marcus - November 4 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- Advice to readers about the coming orgy of analysis about the New Jersey and Virginia gubernatorial elections : Ignore it .
Disquisitions on The Meaning of It All for President Obama or the 2009 results as a harbinger for Congress in 2010 have scant basis in reality .
Over - interpreting election results is an occupational hazard for political reporters .
This problem is particularly acute in the year after a presidential contest , when we are suffering from a bad case of electoral withdrawal .
Thus ,
The New York Times instructs that the contests offer " some clues about how Americans are viewing Mr. Obama , as well as an early measure of the landscape for next year 's midterm elections . "
National Public Radio says " the off - year elections are being watched by national politicians as a referendum on President Obama and his party . "
If so , a look at the history of these races suggests the prognosticators might as well be watching sunspots .
In the 15 gubernatorial elections since 1949 , the voters of New Jersey and Virginia have chosen governors belonging to the same party 10 times ( seven Democrats , three Republicans ) .
In five of those 10 elections , the party winning both governorships went on to pick up seats in the House and Senate the next year .
In three , a sweep of the statehouses augured precisely the opposite result in the subsequent congressional election .
Once , Democrats won both governors ' races and went on to get a split result ( losing seats in one house , gaining them in another ) .
Once , the same thing happened to Republicans .
Not a particularly compelling pattern .
Nor does it help to expand the field to examine the consequences of a split result .
That 's happened five times since 1949 ( three times with a Democrat winning Virginia and a Republican taking New Jersey ; twice the other way around ) .
Three times Democrats have picked up seats the next year , twice the party has lost seats .
Does it make any difference which state the Republican ( or Democratic ) winner is from ?
Not really .
Of the three times a Democrat won in Virginia while a Republican was elected in New Jersey , Democrats won seats twice and lost seats once .
In the two split verdicts in which the Republican took the Virginia statehouse while the Democrat won New Jersey 's , Democrats -- you guessed it -- won seats once and lost seats once .
As Maine goes , so goes the nation , the saying goes .
When it comes to Virginia and New Jersey , though , there 's no predictive value .
Well , you may wonder , what about the five most recent elections since 1989 ?
After all , the states have changed and elections have become more nationalized .
Fair enough -- except that here the correlation is just as weak .
Democrats took both governorships three times ( 1989 , 2001 , 2005 ) .
In two of the subsequent congressional elections ( 1990 and 2006 ) , they gained seats .
In one , 2002 , they lost seats .
And in the two cycles in which Republicans won both governorships ( 1993 and 1997 ) , Democrats lost seats once ( 1994 ) and gained seats once ( 1998 ) .
Finally , do the off - year results foreshadow anything for a president 's re-election three years down the road ?
Hardly .
Of the 10 elections in which one party won both states , a president of that party was elected six times in the following presidential contest .
Of course , there are years in which a president 's political woes contributed to his party 's poor showing in the off - year elections and the congressional midterms .
The prime example is Bill Clinton 's experience of 1993 - 94 , in which Republican gubernatorial victories presaged a shellacking in Congress .
Democrats lost the House ( down 54 seats ) and Senate ( down 8 ) -- and then Clinton went on to win re-election .
The next best example is George W. Bush in 2005 - 06 , in which Democratic gubernatorial wins paved the way for large gains in the House ( plus 31 seats ) and Senate ( plus 6 ) .
So it 's possible , for example , that Obama 's performance in office turned off some of the Virginians who voted for him last year , and played a role in the race between Democrat R. Creigh Deeds and Republican Bob McDonnell .
But Deeds was a lousy candidate , McDonnell a far more adept one .
Virginia is a purple state , but purple with a decidedly reddish tinge .
But as to the question of whether Tuesday 's results portend very much for Congress in 2010 or Obama in 2012 , the answer is : not really , all the commentary notwithstanding .
* 26 pct of people surveyed will not up spending in future
* Says social media , web trusted by shoppers
* Says a third of customers turned less loyal
BANGALORE , Nov 11 ( Reuters ) - Retailers looking for U.S. consumers to return to their old spending habits as the economy improves , may be in for an unpleasant surprise , a recent survey showed on Wednesday .
More than one - quarter of the 10,878 consumers polled by consulting firm Deloitte LLP said they have permanently changed the amount they are willing to spend while shopping and have no plans to return to their free - spending ways .
“ As retailers shift gears for a recovery during the holiday season and beyond , they should consider seizing the opportunity to reinvigorate their brand and relevancy to consumers who have embraced a new consumption mindset , ” Stacy Janiak , U.S. retail leader for Deloitte , said in a release .
A third of the people polled also indicated they have become less loyal to some retailers , while 44 percent said though they have remained loyal to stores they like , they are making fewer trips or purchases there .
“ High - volume discretionary purchasing could remain a thing of the past , ” Janiak said .
However , while shoppers are picky about their brick - and - mortar stores , the Internet continues to be a favorite shopping destination .
More than one in five consumers surveyed expect to shop primarily online this holiday season , with about 39 percent of all consumers depending on user reviews to help them make purchases .
The review usage number is up 3 percent from last year ’s survey .
“ Consumers are turning to mobile , online and social media during their entire holiday shopping experience , ” Janiak said , adding that leaner in - store inventories this year is probably driving shoppers to virtual stores , where merchandise is more accessible .
( Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Bangalore ; Editing by Anthony Kurian )
In 2008 , we visited Liberty City alongside Niko and his friends .
Earlier this year , we returned for a quick tour of the city together with The Lost .
Now , Rockstar is taking us on a third trip to Liberty City to check out the local nightlife .
The Ballad of Gay Tony , as the second downloadable expansion to Grand Theft Auto IV , sets the player in the shoes of Luis Lopez , the right hand man and business partner of nightclub owner Tony Prince .
Unfortunately for the both of them , business is n’t what it used to be and Tony will soon be forced to close down his last two remaining night clubs .
In an act of desperation , Tony enters into a loan with the mafia to save his night clubs .
What follows is a continuing downward spiral through more debt that intertwines with the story from GTA IV and The Lost and Damned .
It is up to Luis to make sure Tony gets out alive .
Despite the fact that Luis and Tony only engage in crime to save their own skin , rather than pursuing an overall career like Niko , the missions you ’ll be carrying out are rather similar to those found in the overall GTA IV story .
Where The Lost and Damned changed gameplay significantly by introducing the gang - element and switching to motorcycles as the preferred mode of transportation , The Ballad of Gay Tony stays much closer to the original .
Sure , the game adds several new side - activities , but the overall mission structure is generally similar to what we have seen before .
There is still plenty to be done , yet it is striking that The Ballad of Gay Tony seems to add less relevant features than an earlier expansion .
Yet what the game is missing in terms of gameplay - innovation or originality , is more than made up for by the level of quality Rockstar has infused in this second expansion .
First of all , both cutscenes and the missions themselves appear much more cinematic than either the original or The Lost and Damned .
Secondly , several of the new characters , such as Tony and Brucie ’s brother Maurie , are of the highest level of quality we have seen from Rockstar over the years .
Yet it is Yusuf Amir ( voiced by comedian / actor Omid Djalili ) who takes top - prize as a crazed Arab project developer .
Some ( minor ) characters from the previous games , such as Ray Bulgarin and Brucie make their reappearance , with others such as Roman , Niko and Johnny making their occasional appearance during cutscenes .
Over the course of the game , which will last you anywhere between ten or fourteen hours , you will spend most of the time doing favors for those whom Tony owes money .
These favors often appear a little unrelated to the overall problem Tony and Luis are facing , making you spend most of your attention on ‘ not getting killed ’ instead of ‘ getting some money to get these guys off our backs ’ .
The story is a little less complex than that of GTA IV and previous games but the writing is nevertheless phenomenal , making The Ballad of Gay Tony an experience that will remembered for a long time .
Besides the main story missions , there are a few activities to take part in .
Notable additions to the already extensive range of activities include cage fighting , base jumping , golfing , dancing , club management , fighting drug wars and a new take on the racing activity .
While these are only marginally relevant to the storyline , the club management activities and drug wars are interesting enough to play from beginning to end .
The other activities are entertaining at the very least , but players will most likely ignore these until all other missions in the game have been completed .
New additions in terms of hardware include a P90 sub - machine gun , a new pistol , a heavy machine gun , a new sniper rifle , satchel charges , a ( incredibly overpowered ) shotgun firing explosive rounds and a gold - plated Uzi .
On occasion , Luis will take control over a attack helicopter outfitted with machine guns and missiles .
The game still has its share of problems however , most notably with respect to the controls .
With a significant amount of combat taking place in buildings or other enclosed environments , the cover system can be problematic .
It is hard to get Luis to take cover at the exact location you wish him to be when there are multiple objects in the vicinity to which he can ‘ stick ’ .
This problem was also apparent in GTA IV and The Lost and Damned , making it a little surprising that this feature has not been improved upon .
Rather than finding cover behind a solid object , Luis is equally willing to place himself in the direct line of fire by taking up position on the exposed side of an object .
This , combined with the somewhat clunky in - cover controls , will result in either death or at the very least loss of health .
Furthermore , some of the new vehicles introduced in The Ballad of Gay Tony are almost impossible to control at either very low or very high speeds .
Though the game runs on an engine that has been in use since 2008 , the visuals are still on a par with most of the games released this holiday season .
At some points , small objects drawn in the distance ( such as fences ) appear a little distorted , but anybody complaining about this is surely nitpicking .
Overall , The Ballad of Gay Tony is a worthy expansion to Grand Theft Auto IV .
Available at 1600 Microsoft point ( twenty dollars ) and bringing more content than many full - priced games , the game is definitely worth a purchase .
However , those who are looking for something ‘ above and beyond ’
GTA IV might still be a little disappointed , as The Ballad of Gay Tony can best be described as ‘ GTA IV Light ’ .
Those who wish to extend their GTA IV experience but only have enough Microsoft points for a single DLC episode , might still be better off purchasing The Lost and Damned as it is somewhat more unique than The Ballad of Gay Tony .
Regardless , those who have been to Liberty City before , will wish to return to the city at least one more time to hear The Ballad of Gay Tony .
Rockstar has also launched a stand - alone expansion disc for the 360 , containing both The Ballad of Gay Tony and The Lost and Damned .
Retailing around 40 dollars , it is almost entirely the same deal , aside from the fact that this stand - alone , known as Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City , includes three new radio stations .
While this is by no means a bad deal , those who are entirely new to Grand Theft Auto IV might still be better off purchasing the original .
Not only is this cheaper than the combined DLC episodes , but it also includes more content than both addons combined .
— — — — — — — — — —
By Gary Eason
BBC News education correspondent
Attainment in English and maths is key to secondary school performance
White boys from poorer homes now do worse in primary school tests in England than any other main group , latest figures show .
Only 48 % of white British boys eligible for free school meals achieved the expected level in English and maths .
The average for all pupils was 71.8 % - and that gap , 23.8 percentage points , was up from 23.1 points last year .
Attainment varied between ethnic groups with Chinese , Irish , Indian and mixed white and Asian children doing best .
It was known already that nationally , attainment in both English and maths in the Key Stage 2 national curriculum tests - commonly known as " Sats " - had fallen this year .
This new breakdown of the provisional data by various pupil characteristics , published by the Department for Children , Schools and Families , reveals the detail behind the headline .
Last year 52.5 % of white British boys and girls together had the worst performance , though the girls ' attainment was 55.4 % .
This year , as a group , white British pupils again did worst .
Again it was the boys ' performance that was weaker than the girls ' .
While 55 % of girls achieved the expected level they were outperformed by the next nearest group - Pakistani girls ( 57.4 % ) .
Gaps
By far the worst performance was among travellers of Irish heritage and those of Gypsy / Roma background - only about one in five of whom did as well as they should .
LEVEL 4 ENGLISH AND MATHS , FREE SCHOOL MEALS
All pupils : 53.3 % White British boys : 48 % Black Caribbean boys : 49.7 % Asian boys : 58.7 % White British girls : 55 % Pakistani girls : 57.4 %
But there are only a few hundred of them in the whole country .
There are almost 200,000 white British boys , of whom 31,237 ( 16 % ) were from homes poor enough to qualify them for free school meals .
In the past , poor black boys have tended to have the weakest performance .
But this year 51.6 % of black boys on free meals made the grade and the gap in their attainment compared with the national average , 20.2 , was down from 21.8 in 2008 .
Attainment was 49.7 % among the weakest group of black boys , those from Caribbean backgrounds .
This left the white British boys on free school meals at the bottom .
Even worse for the government is the fact that the attainment gap widened .
This has been a persistent problem for ministers .
Research shows that even children from affluent families who started out in the bottom ability group as toddlers overtake those from the poorest backgrounds who started out in the top ability group , by the time they are six or seven .
' No child should fall behind ' Schools Minister Vernon Coaker said of the overall results : " Let 's face facts - primary school standards have been transformed over the last 12 years with 98,000 more 11 - year - olds now reaching expected levels in English and maths regardless of their backgrounds .
" No - one would want to turn the clock back . "
He said no child should fall behind at school and the government knew there was still more to do - which is why it had set out a comprehensive programme to close historic attainment gaps further .
" We 're giving up to 600,000 seven to 15 - year - olds one - to - one tuition from this term if they are falling behind in English and maths .
" And we are expanding the intensive ' Every Child early intervention programmes ' , for six - year - olds most at risk of falling behind in reading , writing and maths so they do not fall behind at the start of primary school . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Intel has unveiled its Lynnfield processors , and PCMag has the test results for the first systems to use the new chips .
p> It is n't easy keeping up with Intel 's enigmatically code - named chip releases , but on Tuesday it launched a processor called " Lynnfield . "
What does that mean to you ?
In a nutshell , Lynnfield ( AKA Core i7 - 860 , Core i7 - 870 , and Core i5 - 750 ) and the new Intel P55 Express chipset represent the hot mainstream processors for the next generation of Intel - based PCs .
Based on the Nehalem Core i7 processors introduced last year , Lynnfield processors are more efficient , more capable , and cheaper .
Our tests on the first systems to use the chips , the Velocity Micro Edge Z30 and Falcon Northwest Talon ( Core i7 - 860 ) , show these chips deliver performance that used to be available only in $ 5 K gaming boxes , for a fraction of the price .
You wo n't see Lynnfield processors in the cheapest budget PCs , but pretty much anything over $ 800 to $ 1,000 is a candidate for the new processors .
Contrast this with the $ 2,500 + systems that used the previous Core i7 - 920 , it - 940 , i7-950 , and i7-975 processors .
Like the previous Core i7 processors , the new CPUs are optimized for multimedia and gaming tasks that support multiple threads ( or tasks ) happening simultaneously .
These include things like transcoding / translating videos from formats like DVD to more compact formats like the ones used on the and players .
The new Lynnfield processors refine this idea by giving the processor extra " oomph " when working on single - threaded and multi- threaded tasks .
For example , the new i7 - 860 processor can overclock one of its cores from 2.8GHz up to 3.46GHz when working on a single threaded task , while at the same time " turning off " unused parts of the core so those parts do n't use energy and create heat .
It 's like closing the vents in unused parts of your house and closing the doors , so the room you 're actually in makes the most of your central air conditioning .
There are other features in the Core i7 - 800 and Core i5 - 700 series in conjunction with the P55 Express chipset :
The combination supports dual - channel DDR3 instead of triple - channel , easing the complexity of building and upgrading PCs .
This translates into less costly PCs , with most of the performance of the higher priced PCs .
Also , the P55 Express chipset support up to two PCIe x8 lanes or one PCIe x16 graphics lane : again this contrasts with the older i7 systems that supported two x16 or four x8 lanes .
Why pay for extra chipset bandwidth that you will likely never use ?
( Triple - and quad - SLI systems belong squarely in the realm of the high - priced $ 5 k PC ) .
There are a whole bunch of other tech stats on the P55 Express chipset and the new Lynnfield processors , but I 'd direct you to our sister site , ExtremeTech.com for more on the nitty - gritty of the microarchitecture .
It suffices to say that the technology and power that used to be in the hands of rich people that could afford $ 5,000 PCs is now in the hands of people that can afford $ 1,000 PCs .
and the $ 1,299 .
Both are very good PCs in their own right , but their biggest advantage is definitely their Lynnfield processors .
( To find out how they stack up , check out our . )
The Core i7-920 was the workhorse CPU for the first generation of Core i7 PCs , and it served well for a while in systems ranging from the Gateway F6801 - 03 ( $ 1,280 MSRP ) up to the 5 ( $ 1,769 direct ) .
We also saw the Core i7-950 overclocked in the older Falcon Talon ( Core i7-950 ) ( $ 2,437 direct ) .
All of these systems were good for the time , but as usual , the march of technology means that there 's a newer , faster solution on the table .
The Velocity Micro Edge Z30 and Falcon Northwest Talon ( Core i7 - 860 ) are actually well matched because both use similarly overclocked Core i7 - 860 processors and Nvidia GeForce graphics cards .
The main difference being that the Falcon has an Intel SSD ( solid state drive ) and two higher - end graphics cards , and the Velocity uses single mainstream card .
That said , both are neck and neck for most of the multimedia tests , and both are measurably faster at multimedia tasks than the systems using the older i7-920 and the Polywell Poly 790XG3 , which uses the AMD Phenom II X4 955 processor .
Keep in mind , a few seconds here and there may not be missed in casual use .
If you make your living from multimedia or 3D graphics , the seconds will add up , but not if you only work with photos and videos in your free time .
It 's a similar story with the running the older Core 2 Quad 9550 : it 's behind , but not by much .
If you 're often doing multimedia tasks ( video editing / transcoding and photo editing ) , the extra oomph the newer processors bring will be noticeable .
Predictably , the Core 2 Duo powered HP s3710t runs a bit behind the quad - core systems , and the Intel Atom - powered runs way behind .
The newer systems also had better gaming performance .
For real - world game testing and 3DMark Vantage testing , the graphics card usually matters more than the CPU , although a fast CPU still helps .
For example , the Edge Z30 was about 10 fps faster on both Crysis tests than the , both using the same graphics card .
However , the Falcon Northwest Talon ( Core i7 - 860 ) with two high - powered GTX 275 cards was able to top all comers at the 3DMark Vantage tests .
That said , the greatest disparity was between systems running the Nvidia cards and the ones running the ATI Radeon cards with older drivers ( like the Dell Studio XPS 435 ) .
The takeaway :
If you 're already running a Core i7 system with an up - to - date system ( drivers , graphics card , etc. ) , you 're in a good place and you should skip this rev .
If you 're running older quad - core hardware , then an upgrade may be important if you need a speedier system now .
Reviews mentioned in this article :
( $ 1,299 direct )
The Velocity Micro Edge Z30 is a bang - for - the - buck winner that gives the hardcore gamer what he wants : overclocked quad - core power plus 3D prowess for a great price .
( $ 2,495 direct )
The Falcon Northwest Talon ( Core i7 - 860 ) continues the series ' benchmark dominance over rivals .
It does n't win every benchmark ; instead , it shares that spotlight with the previous Talon we tested .
More In - depth Lynnfield Coverage :
The P55 Four : Lynnfield Motherboard Roundup
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Sauber has been granted the final slot on the Formula 1 grid , the FIA has announced , bringing to an end months of uncertainty about the future of the team .
The Swiss - based outfit had been hanging in limbo since the summer following BMW 's decision to pull out of F1 .
An original deal with Qadbak proved troublesome , especially because it came too late for the team to be guaranteed a place on the original 2010 grid - with the 13th slot having been handed to Lotus .
However , the post - season decision by Toyota to quit F1 handed Sauber a fresh chance to get back on the grid - and its hopes were further boosted when Peter Sauber took over the outfit following the eventual collapse of the deal with Qadbak .
With Toyota having relinquished its entry , the FIA confirmed on Thursday that Sauber 's application to join the championship had been successful - meaning the team will be racing in F1 next year .
" This is excellent news for the workforce in Hinwil , " said Sauber .
" After many weeks of uncertainty , we have finally secured our place on the grid for 2010 .
Now we can enter into concrete negotiations with drivers and sponsors . "
A statement issued by the FIA said : " The FIA has written to inform BMW Sauber AG that their application for an entry in the 2010 FIA Formula One World Championship has been successful . "
" Subject to their signing the Concorde Agreement , BMW Sauber will be awarded the 13th entry in the Championship , taking the place of the departing Toyota team .
" The FIA has worked closely with the Commercial Rights Holder and the teams involved over recent weeks and is grateful for their support in achieving the best outcome for the sport . "
2009 , Yankees over Phillies
( click the image for a larger size )
This was the sight that greeted New York Times subscribers yesterday morning after Hideki Matsui powered the Yankees past the Phillies for the World Series crown .
It was the twenty - seventh time that the Yankees were World Champions and it was the twenty - seventh time that the New York Times memorialized the victory on their front page .
One of the greatest things about the Times is that its entire 150 + years history is available online .
Much of it is behind a paywall , but , if you have access to the archives , there ’s a ton of information to be found .
I thought it ’d be fun , then , to take a look through the Times ’ archive to see how the various Yankees ’ titles were celebrated .
I originally wanted to create a slideshow of all twenty - seven front pages , but that seemed like it might be pushing things a little bit .
Instead , I chose a select few to feature here that hopefully show how the front page celebrations have evolved over the last 80 + years .
Enjoy !
( Click “ Read More ” to continue reading . )
1923 , Yankees over Giants
( click the image for a larger size )
Here ’s the Times ’ front page from October 16 , 1923 , when the Yankees won their first ever World Series .
As you can see , the Yanks earn the first column , but nothing more .
I ’m no newsprint expert , but this tells me that , while the victory was big news , it was n’t profound – it was not important enough to dominate the front page .
Or maybe the technology was n’t there to expand the article across multiple columns .
I ca n’t say .
It certainly seems rather small when compared to what we see today .
1950 , Yankees over Phillies
( click the image for a larger size )
Twenty - seven years and twelve World Championships later , the Yankees defeated the Phillies for their third Series title in four years .
As you can see , the Times has expanded their feature to cover two full columns and even included a nice action shot of Whitey Ford .
This seems to reflect a higher level of interest in the Yankees ( which only makes sense , of course ) , but it still is nothing close to today .
1977 , Yankees over Dodgers
( click the image for a larger size )
From 1951 through 1962 , the Yankees would win seven more championships before going into a funk .
Over the next fifteen years , they would go 0 - for - 3 in the Series .
But then 1977 and Mr. October rolled around .
Reggie ’s three - homers in Game 6 secured the Yankees ’ first Series title in fifteen years and landed him a prime spot on the cover of the Times .
It ’s impossible to say for sure , but you get the feeling that , if not for the terrorists / hostage drama that played out that day , the Yankees would ’ve dominated the front - page even more .
As it is , they take up a pretty good amount of real estate – much more so than ’ 23 or ’ 50 .
It ’s starting to look familiar .
2000 , Yankees over Mets
( click image for a larger size )
When the Yankees won Game 5 of the 2000 Subway Series , they clinched their third consecutive World Series title and fourth in five years .
It was the exclamation point on the franchise ’s 1990s dynasty and everyone knew it .
Needless to say , it was a big deal .
The real estate that they gave the Series on the front page , from the four - column - wide victory hug to the smaller picture of a dejected Mike Piazza , is remarkable , and it says a lot about its importance .
This is the kind of thing that we expect to see in this day and age , but it was a long time coming .
I do n’t imagine it ’ll ever regress , but it ’s hard to say .
Maybe we ’ll appreciate simpler things in the future …
Make of this little exploration what you will , but I think this evolution of front page celebrations clearly shows two things : the growing importance of both major league baseball and the Yankees to New York fans , and the country ’s steady progression of how we consume our news , from a dense , varied view in the early - ’20s to a more streamlined , local viewpoint today .
It certainly makes for a nice presentation , though .
It ’ll be interesting to see how the Times ’ presents the Yankees ’ future titles in the next twenty - seven or fifty years .
The great fools gold rush :
Ads urging you to sell old jewellery for cash may not be as glittering as they seem
Less bling : Women are rushing to sell their old jewellery at gold parties but could be short changed
A suburban street in the heart of Essex and a dozen women are gearing themselves up for a night of fun .
The rosé wine is flowing , the nibbles are on the table - Tesco's Chinese chicken wings , Pringles and dips - and the air is heavy with perfume .
But not all is as might be imagined .
Sure , the guests are suitably dressed up , but , given the geographical location , they 're surprisingly light on the bling .
And the reason soon becomes apparent .
Instead of wearing their jewellery , the women attending this soiree are actually here to flog it .
Forget Tupperware parties , this is the frontline of a very modern gold rush .
In the corner of the room sits Loellie , an attractive twentysomething woman armed with impossibly high heels and a set of minutely accurate electronic weighing scales .
A guest called Julie approaches and hands over a small bag containing a gold charm bracelet , a few rings and some odd earrings .
' I lost most of my significant jewellery in a house burglary a few years back , ' she says .
' These are just odd pieces I have that I no longer wear . '
Loellie examines the items with a magnifying glass , weighs them and then divides them into different piles according to purity : nine , 18 and 20 - carat .
She then offers to buy the lot for £ 221 .
Julie is delighted and accepts a cheque there and then .
' It 's fantastic , ' she says .
' I have n't worn any of this stuff for years , and now I 've got a cheque for more than £ 200 .
I am going to put it towards decorating the front room in time for Christmas . '
Julie is not alone .
Up and down Britain similar parties are being held every night of the week .
The reason is simple .
Bullion prices have risen to an all - time high just when the man and woman on the street is more desperate than ever for cash .
Earlier this week an ounce of gold touched $ 1,150 ( £ 685 ) .
That is an 11 per cent increase in the past three weeks and 30 per cent in the year .
Hardly surprising , then , that it is estimated that 35 tonnes of bullion will be produced from scrap gold in the UK this year .
At current prices , that is worth in the region of £ 700 million .
That 's an awful lot of unwanted earrings to hand over at an awful lot of parties - but , of course , these gatherings are just the tip of the iceberg .
Pick up a newspaper , switch on the TV or log on to the internet , and it is almost impossible to miss the advertisements offering seemingly irresistible opportunities for people to cash in their unwanted gold .
There are growing concerns that Britons risk being ripped off to the tune of £ 500 m as they lose their heads in the dash for cash
' It 's time to take that gold and get it sold , ' urges one firm .
Others encourage people to scrap not only their unwanted trinkets but gold teeth and bridgework , too .
And , today , it 's not even necessary to leave the comfort of your front room to cash in .
Pop the valuables in an envelope and these firms promise to do the rest , sending you a cheque by return of post .
It 's a far cry from the back - street pawnshop or jewellers where such goods might previously have been offloaded - and not everyone 's convinced the new deals on offer are quite as good they sound .
Indeed , there are growing concerns that Britons risk being ripped off to the tune of £ 500 million as they lose their heads in the dash for cash .
While no one is expecting to be paid the full market price for their scrap gold , some companies are offering as little as 9 per cent of that figure .
Equally worrying are the problems people are having when dealing with some of the supposedly ' hassle - free ' pop - it - in - the - post companies .
The Mail can reveal that across the country trading standards officers are investigating a legion of complaints .
For sale :
But you might get a lot less for your gold than it 's actually worth
' Wherever you look on the television , in the local paper or walking down the High Street , it is clear that there is money to be made out of gold , ' says one officer .
' We understand exactly why people want to sell , but would just urge them to be extremely cautious . '
In other words , it is a case of : seller beware .
But , as they once found in the Wild West , when gold is involved it does not take much to turn people into fools .
It 's a good few miles from Romford to the Swiss canton of Ticino , but it 's a journey that Julie 's jewellery might be making in a week or two .
The world 's gold processing capital , in the past few months its furnaces have been working around the clock to smelt the gold rings , chains and bracelets pouring across the Continent .
There has been a surge in demand because , as generally happens in times of economic crisis , gold bullion is seen as a far safer bet than stocks , shares and currencies .
' We 'll get hundreds of kilos of scrap jewellery from Europe this year and I 've never seen that amount before , ' says Erhard Oberli , chief executive of Argor - Heraeus , one of three gold refineries that dominate the market .
While some of the jewellery arrives intact and has to be taken apart , usually it has already been melted into rough bars by merchants before being transported to the plant .
The smelting process is labour intensive and precise - gold dust is even recovered from the plant 's door mats and from the annual incineration of staff overalls .
As Mr Oberli explains : ' Nothing must be wasted . '
They are words that the British public would do well to heed before flogging off their gold without first carrying out some basic research .
For companies promising to deliver ' the best prices ' may , in fact , be selling them seriously short .
Last month , trading standards officers in Hertfordshire carried out an investigation into a firm which has been advertising on national television .
The company , which cannot be named due to possible pending legal action , promises to deliver ' 100 per cent satisfaction or your gold back ' .
It struggled on both counts .
As happens with many of these companies , the items to be sold are sent through the mail .
The potential seller contacts the firm , which sends them a package into which the goods are placed before then being posted by Royal Mail Special Delivery .
Having received the gold , the company weighs it and assesses its purity , measured in carats .
Based on that a cheque is then sent back to the vendor for the sum the firm is offering .
To test how this works in practice , the trading standards team sent off a gold bracelet that had been valued by a number of jewellers at between £ 40 and £ 60 .
But the company in question valued it at much less - sending a cheque for just £ 5.31 .
Again , as is the case with many of these companies , the vendor is supposed to be able to reject the offer and request the gold back .
But as tradings standards discovered , that is not always as easy it sounds .
' There was a seven - day period in which they were able to send the cheque back , ' said a spokeswoman .
' The trouble was the officer simply could not find an address to send it back to .
' She made lots of attempts to get through to the company by phone and by email , and when she did eventually manage to speak to someone and ask for her bracelet back , she was told it was too late , that the seven - day return period had passed and that her bracelet had been melted down . '
It was at this stage that an increased offer of £ 30.62 was made - a 600 per cent increase on the original , but still less far less than the bracelet was worth .
Growing value :
An ounce of gold touched $ 1,150 ( £ 685 ) this week
The officer also discovered that the company was interested only in the gold ; any other jewels contained in an item of jewellery ( diamonds , for instance ) would not have been valued and would be returned only if the person paid for the postage .
' The problem with any company of this nature is that once you send your jewellery off to them , you lose control over it , ' said the trading standards spokeswoman .
' There is no way of knowing before you part with it whether or not you are dealing with a legitimate firm . '
The problem with many of these companies is that they do n't publish the rates that they actually pay for gold .
The Mail contacted one , CashMyGold , and asked it what percentage of the market price it would pay for gold .
' We choose not to give out the price we pay , ' we were told .
' Just send the item to us and we will value it . '
But surely it must base its offer on a set percentage of the current market price ?
' I do n't know how much it is , ' said the representative .
' I have no idea what percentage we pay . '
A similar response was elicited from market leader Cash4Gold , which launched in the UK in the summer and is aiming for sales of £ 50 million a year .
The company , which is well - established in America , has previously revealed that it pays between ' 20 per cent and 80 per cent ' of the market price - depending on quantity and quality .
Without knowing precise rates it is impossible for a seller to even roughly estimate what they can expect to receive when sending off a piece of jewellery ( even if they knew its exact weight and carat ) .
Lawrence Chard has been running a coin and bullion dealers in Blackpool since 1964 , and warns that the public are in real danger of being sold short .
' I weighed the gold before I sent , did some research and estimated I would get about £ 400 - I was shocked when a cheque arrived for just £ 89 '
' In 1980 gold prices peaked at $ 850 , and we saw then the same thing happening , ' he says .
' People are setting up as dealers and not paying very good prices , and , in some cases , totally ripping people off . '
With nine - carat gold worth about £ 8 - a - gram as scrap , his company is currently offering in the region of £ 6.50 a gram , the price fluctuating by 50 p in each direction according to quantity and quality .
' I am aware that people are paying £ 4 a gram or less , ' says Mr Chard .
' If that is the case , then nationally that could equate to a £ 500 million a year rip - off . '
Of course , it is only fair to point out that these companies are entitled to offer whatever price they want .
It is up to the seller to decide if he or she wants to take it or leave it .
Aside from the fact that most people do n't have a clue what their gold is really worth , the difficulty comes , as Hertfordshire Trading Standards found out , because the seller is n't always able to walk away from a bad deal .
It is something that 40 - year - old Maxine Medhurst is only too well aware of .
The married mother of three from Kent , whose husband runs his own cleaning company , contacted a company called Money4 Gold on October 14 after she saw an advert on TV .
She sent them gold in the form of three rings , several bracelets and a number of old neck chains with a view to raising spending money for a trip to New York with her husband in the New Year .
' They told me they would send me a cheque within 24 hours of receiving and valuing the gold , ' she said .
' They said if I was not happy with the price , I could send back the cheque and they would promptly return the gold .
' I weighed the gold before I sent it off , did some research on the internet and estimated I would get about £ 400 . '
But when the cheque arrived she was shocked to see that it was for just £ 89 .
The next day - October 21 - she sent it back by recorded delivery , telling the company in the accompanying letter that she was not happy with the amount and wanted her gold returned .
' I did n't hear from them , so a week later I phoned , ' she said .
' Someone in customer services said they would increase their offer and said they would send me a cheque for £ 179.52 .
I refused because I thought if that 's what they 're offering me now , so quickly over the phone , then how much is it really worth ? '
' People have sent off their gold and then found out it had already been melted before they had confirmed they wanted the money offered '
Mrs Medhust was told they would return the jewellery within ten to 15 days .
She is still waiting for it to arrive .
' On November 12 , I sent them a letter demanding the return of my gold within seven days or I would take legal action against them , ' she says .
' Since then I have called them every day , but I just keep getting fobbed off with the message that my gold will be with me shortly , and I still have n't had it back .
' I 've read stories on internet forums about people who have sent off their gold and then found out it has already been melted down , even when they have not been happy with the price offered . '
Contacted by the Mail , the company 's UK managing director Noyan Nihat promised to look into Mrs Medhurst 's case .
He said that the items should have been returned within two to three days of her refusing the offer .
Back at the ' gold party ' in Essex , the assembled guests say they are happy with what they are being offered , which roughly equates to £ 5.50 for a gram of nine - carat gold .
The soiree has been organised through a company called Ounces2Pounds , and the host for the night is Carmen Joseph , a 43 - year - old administrator for a logistics company .
She decided to hold the party after making £ 1,300 when she attended a similar event at a friend 's house .
' I had a small trinket box , and every time I broke something I threw it in there , ' she explains .
' That box alone got me £ 400 .
Then I had a gold bracelet that my ex bought me that had snapped .
That made me another £ 400 .
' I did n't even know if it was real because it was a present .
When the man was weighing it , I thought I 'd better not say anything in case I lost myself some money .
But he ended up saying it was really good quality 22 - carat .
I had a matching necklace that I could n't find .
So I went around the house like a woman possessed , and when I found it I decided I would host my own party . '
In return for organising the party and inviting her friends , Carmen receives a 10 per cent commission , which on Thursday night meant a cheque for £ 500 .
Of course , it might be that the party goers could have earned more by holding on to their gold for a few more months .
Experts predict prices may rise further still in 2010 .
Equally , they could go in the opposite direction .
And someone who needs no reminding of the volatility of the gold market is Gordon Brown .
In 1999 , when Chancellor of the Exchequer , he sold off 395 tonnes of the stuff from Britain 's national reserves at an average price of $ 275 an ounce .
That 's about one - quarter of what he would have got had he sold it today .
And it takes an awful lot of rosé to dull the pain of a deal like that .
Pirates have attacked an oil tanker off the coast of west Africa , killing a Ukrainian seaman , the commander of Benin 's naval forces says .
Cdr Fernand Maxime Ahoyo says the Cancale Star 's chief engineer was killed and one other crewman wounded .
The pirates attacked the vessel some 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ) off the coast of Benin , in what correspondents say is the country 's first such attack .
One pirate was overpowered by the crew , but the others managed to escape .
Benin - based journalist Esther Tola told the BBC that the pirates were thought to be from Nigeria .
The commander said naval forces had rescued the crew from the tanker and brought them into port .
There were 24 seamen of different nationalities on board the Liberia - flagged vessel , including Filipinos , Lithuanians and Ukranians , Cdr Ahoyo told AFP news agency .
Western front
The International Maritime Bureau ( IMB ) says piracy in the waters of west Africa is on the rise , with 100 such incidents recorded last year .
The IMB has previously warned of heightened piracy risks along shipping routes in Nigeria and Ghana , to the east and west of Benin .
It said attacks usually took place while ships were at anchor or close to coastal areas , unlike in eastern Africa , where Somali pirates strike ships hundreds of miles out to sea .
More than 10 ships and 200 hostages are currently being held by pirates operating in waters off Somalia .
An international force of about 40 warships has been stationed around the Gulf of Aden , in an effort to clamp down on piracy in some the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
This is the moment at which we turn and face ourselves .
Here , in the plastic corridors and crowded stalls , among impenetrable texts and withering procedures , humankind decides what it is and what it will become .
It chooses whether to continue living as it has done , until it must make a wasteland of its home , or to stop and redefine itself .
This is about much more than climate change .
This is about us .
The meeting at Copenhagen confronts us with our primal tragedy .
We are the universal ape , equipped with the ingenuity and aggression to bring down prey much larger than itself , break into new lands , roar its defiance of natural constraints .
Now we find ourselves hedged in by the consequences of our nature , living meekly on this crowded planet for fear of provoking or damaging others .
We have the hearts of lions and live the lives of clerks .
The summit 's premise is that the age of heroism is over .
We have entered the age of accommodation .
No longer may we live without restraint .
No longer may we swing our fists regardless of whose nose might be in the way .
In everything we do we must now be mindful of the lives of others , cautious , constrained , meticulous .
We may no longer live in the moment , as if there were no tomorrow .
This is a meeting about chemicals : the greenhouse gases insulating the atmosphere .
But it is also a battle between two world views .
The angry men who seek to derail this agreement , and all such limits on their self - fulfilment , have understood this better than we have .
A new movement , most visible in North America and Australia , but now apparent everywhere , demands to trample on the lives of others as if this were a human right .
It will not be constrained by taxes , gun laws , regulations , health and safety , especially by environmental restraints .
It knows that fossil fuels have granted the universal ape amplification beyond its Palaeolithic dreams .
For a moment , a marvellous , frontier moment , they allowed us to live in blissful mindlessness .
The angry men know that this golden age has gone ; but they cannot find the words for the constraints they hate .
Clutching their copies of Atlas Shrugged , they flail around , accusing those who would impede them of communism , fascism , religiosity , misanthropy , but knowing at heart that these restrictions are driven by something far more repulsive to the unrestrained man : the decencies we owe to other human beings .
I fear this chorus of bullies , but I also sympathise .
I lead a mostly peaceful life , but my dreams are haunted by giant aurochs .
All those of us whose blood still races are forced to sublimate , to fantasise .
In daydreams and video games we find the lives that ecological limits and other people 's interests forbid us to live .
Humanity is no longer split between conservatives and liberals , reactionaries and progressives , though both sides are informed by the older politics .
Today the battle lines are drawn between expanders and restrainers ; those who believe that there should be no impediments and those who believe that we must live within limits .
The vicious battles we have seen so far between greens and climate change deniers , road safety campaigners and speed freaks , real grassroots groups and corporate - sponsored astroturfers are just the beginning .
This war will become much uglier as people kick against the limits that decency demands .
So here we are , in the land of Beowulf 's heroics , lost in a fog of acronyms and euphemisms , parentheses and exemptions , the deathly diplomacy required to accommodate everyone 's demands .
There is no space for heroism here ; all passion and power breaks against the needs of others .
This is how it should be , though every neurone revolts against it .
Although the delegates are waking up to the scale of their responsibility , I still believe they will sell us out .
Everyone wants his last adventure .
Hardly anyone among the official parties can accept the implications of living within our means , of living with tomorrow in mind .
There will , they tell themselves , always be another frontier , another means to escape our constraints , to dump our dissatisfactions on other places and other people .
Hanging over everything discussed here is the theme that dare not speak its name , always present but never mentioned .
Economic growth is the magic formula which allows our conflicts to remain unresolved .
While economies grow , social justice is unnecessary , as lives can be improved without redistribution .
While economies grow , people need not confront their elites .
While economies grow , we can keep buying our way out of trouble .
But , like the bankers , we stave off trouble today only by multiplying it tomorrow .
Through economic growth we are borrowing time at punitive rates of interest .
It ensures that any cuts agreed at Copenhagen will eventually be outstripped .
Even if we manage to prevent climate breakdown , growth means that it 's only a matter of time before we hit a new constraint , which demands a new global response : oil , water , phosphate , soil .
We will lurch from crisis to existential crisis unless we address the underlying cause : perpetual growth cannot be accommodated on a finite planet .
For all their earnest self - restraint , the negotiators in the plastic city are still not serious , even about climate change .
There 's another great unmentionable here : supply .
Most of the nation states tussling at Copenhagen have two fossil fuel policies .
One is to minimise demand , by encouraging us to reduce our consumption .
The other is to maximise supply , by encouraging companies to extract as much from the ground as they can .
We know , from the papers published in Nature in April , that we can use a maximum of 60 % of current reserves of coal , oil and gas if the average global temperature is not to rise by more than two degrees .
We can burn much less if , as many poorer countries now insist , we seek to prevent the temperature from rising by more than 1.5C .
We know that capture and storage will dispose of just a small fraction of the carbon in these fuels .
There are two obvious conclusions : governments must decide which existing reserves of fossil fuel are to be left in the ground , and they must introduce a global moratorium on prospecting for new reserves .
Neither of these proposals has even been mooted for discussion .
But somehow this first great global battle between expanders and restrainers must be won and then the battles that lie beyond it – rising consumption , corporate power , economic growth – must begin .
If governments do n't show some resolve on climate change , the expanders will seize on the restrainers ' weakness .
They will attack – using the same tactics of denial , obfuscation and appeals to self - interest – the other measures that protect people from each other , or which prevent the world 's ecosystems from being destroyed .
There is no end to this fight , no line these people will not cross .
They too are aware that this a battle to redefine humanity , and they wish to redefine it as a species even more rapacious than it is today .
GRAFENAU , Germany --
It has been 20 years since the Berlin Wall fell .
But deep in the forest here , a red deer called Ahornia still refuses to cross the old Iron Curtain .
Ahornia inhabits the thickly wooded mountains along what once was the fortified border between West Germany and Czechoslovakia .
At the height of the Cold War , a high electric fence , barbed wire and machine - gun - carrying guards cut off Eastern Europe from the Western world .
The barriers severed the herds of deer on the two sides as well .
The fence is long gone , and the no-man 's land where it stood now is part of Europe 's biggest nature preserve .
The once - deadly border area is alive with songbirds nesting in crumbling watchtowers , foxes hiding in weedy fortifications and animals not seen here for years , such as elk and lynx .
But one species is boycotting the reunified animal kingdom : red deer .
Herds of them roam both sides of the old NATO - Warsaw Pact border here but mysteriously turn around when they approach it .
This although the deer alive today have no memory of the ominous fence .
Ahornia , a doe with a grayish - brown winter coat and a light patch around her tail , was born 18 years after the fence came down .
Wildlife biologists who track her and other deer via electronic collars know that she has never ventured beyond the strip where the fence once stood .
The trial of a news editor in Zambia , accused of distributing obscene material , is coming to an end .
Chansa Kabwela says she sent photos of a woman giving birth without medical help to senior government officials to highlight the effects of a nurses ' strike .
Jo Fidgen has watched the trial , and reflects on what it reveals about Zambian culture .
Chansa Kabwela is news editor of Zambia 's best - selling newspaper
The arresting officer makes for an arresting sight .
Sharon Zulu strides into the witness box , a strapping woman in gravity - defying heels and a shiny , baby - pink trouser suit .
Grace Jones disguised as Shirley Temple .
The promise of a grand finale to the prosecution case .
So far , it has amounted to a succession of trembling ministerial secretaries expressing their humiliation and shock that a woman in childbirth , the most private moment of her life , had been photographed .
Shock , not over the fact that she had given birth in a hospital car park .
Or that her baby had suffocated .
But that the pictures had been seen by men - an absolute taboo .
This is not to say the photographs are not terrible .
When I saw them , it took me several seconds to focus , as though my brain was refusing to process the images .
The most graphic shows a woman from the waist down , lying on a plastic sheet , with the bloodied torso of a baby between her thighs .
The head is still inside her .
This is what Zambia 's President , Rupiah Banda , declared pornographic , when he called for the photographer to be arrested .
Poster girl But Mrs Zulu has been a police investigator for 19 years .
She must have seen a few unpleasant things in her career .
Surely , she is not going to be thrown off balance by these photos ?
Not for the first time in this trial , my expectations are confounded .
The spectators have been ooh - ing and aah - ing all through the trial , like an audience for a Shakespearean tragi-comedy
Mrs Zulu tells the court that she felt assaulted , disturbed , naked .
Upset with the person who had circulated the pictures .
" We are all Zambian here , " she says .
" We all know this is not allowed in our culture . "
I shift uncomfortably , the only non-Zambian in the room .
Maybe there are cultural forces at play here beyond my understanding .
I scan the public gallery .
A pretty unrepresentative lot - the benches are stuffed with pop stars , actors , free speech campaigners and opposition politicians .
The defendant , Chansa Kabwela , news editor of Zambia 's best - selling newspaper , The Post , has become the poster girl for anyone who dislikes the government .
The spectators have been " ooh - ing " and " aah - ing " all through the trial , like an audience for a Shakespearean tragi-comedy .
Or maybe a Zambian adaptation of Kafka .
The magistrate has had to tell them off for intimidating the witnesses .
President Rupiah Banda has described the photos as pornographic
The defence counsel rises to his feet .
An imposing man with elegant glasses and a soft voice layered with intellectual menace .
I have watched other witnesses crumple under his cross-examination .
The audience holds its breath .
We all sense that this will be the climactic scene .
He casually offers her some rope .
What prompted this investigation ?
Was she aware that the president himself had made his position clear ?
Why did she not interview any of the intended recipients of the photos ?
Including those who had spoken publicly in support of Chansa Kabwela ?
Mrs Zulu folds her arms , pouts , refuses to answer some of the questions , is reprimanded by the magistrate , and pouts some more .
Plot twists
The definition of obscenity employed by the defence is from British law in the 1960s .
It talks about corrupting morals by making people homosexual , drug - takers , prostitutes .
A few scattered laughs as the legal extract is read out , but no outrage that an out - of - date law from the old colonial power is being invoked .
It seems to me that Zambia 's social conservatism is in tune with a Britain that no longer exists .
Defence and witness continue their ill - tempered exchange as to whether the photographs are capable of causing arousal .
It has been a constant theme .
One witness almost found herself agreeing that only a lunatic could be turned on by them , but stopped herself when she spotted the president 's portrait looming over the magistrate .
Perhaps she was remembering that now infamous news conference when the Zambian leader declared the pictures pornographic .
I have been to see several plays in Lusaka , but none has had the human drama , the plot twists , the surrealism of the performance in Magistrates Court Three .
But I cannot help feeling that the principal character is hiding in the wings .
Fred Mmembe is the editor - in - chief of The Post newspaper .
He hates the government and his paper shouts it loud and clear .
I am left with the uncomfortable feeling that the whole of Zambia is a political battleground at the moment , and that even in a courtroom , there is no such thing as no man 's land
Stage whispers hint that he is the real target .
And sure enough , he is soon charged with contempt .
His trial , for an article published about this case , began this week .
Of course , that could just be one of those coincidences that good playwrights can get away with .
As we leave court at the end of Mrs Zulu 's evidence , one of the defence team comes up to me .
" Thanks for your support , " he says .
I 'm aghast .
" I 'm not supporting you , " I say , pointing at the press bench .
" I 'm sitting there , I 'm neutral . "
" You support us just by turning up , " he asserts .
And I am left with the uncomfortable feeling that the whole of Zambia is a political battleground at the moment , and that even in a courtroom , there is no such thing as no man 's land .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here ’s What Israel Is Really Costing American Taxpayers
By John Tiffany IT IS OFTEN REPORTED THAT ISRAEL receives about $ 9.2 billion every year in the form of economic aid from the U.S. government , but there are many billions of dollars more in hidden costs and economic losses lurking beneath the surface .
A recently published economic analysis concluded that U.S. support for the state of Israel has cost U.S. taxpayers nearly $ 3 trillion .
About 60 percent of those costs ( about $ 1.7 trillion ) arose from the U.S. defense of the ever - expanding Israeli empire .
Support for the empire comes to $ 1.8 trillion , including special trade advantages , preferential contracts , or aid buried in other accounts .
In addition to the financial outlay , U.S. aid to Israel costs some 275,000 American jobs each year .
The trade - aid imbalance with Israel is between $ 6 billion and $ 10 billion .
The largest single element in the costs has been the series of oil - supply crises that have accompanied the Israeli - Arab wars and the construction of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
These have cost the U.S. $ 1.5 trillion , excluding the additional costs incurred since 2001 .
The cost of supporting Israel increased drastically after the 1973 Israeli - Arab war .
U.S. support for Israel during that war resulted in additional costs for the American taxpayer of between $ 750 billion and $ 1 trillion .
When Israel was losing the war , President Richard Nixon stepped in to supply the Jewish
The 1973 oil crisis cost the U.S. economy no less than $ 900 billion , and probably as much as $ 1.2 trillion .
As a result of the oil embargo the U.S. government created the Strategic Petroleum Reserve ( SPR ) to “ insulate Israel and the U.S. against the wielding of a future Arab “ oil weapon . ”
The billion - barrel SPR has cost taxpayers more than $ 134 billion so far .
Making things worse , Israel gets “ first call ” on any oil available to the U.S. if Israel ’s oil supply is stopped , according to an oil supply guarantee , which former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger provided Israel in 1975 .
The $ 3 trillion figure is actually too low , as it does not include the increased costs incurred during the year - long buildup to the ongoing wars against Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan , in which Israel plays a significant covert role .
The higher oil prices incurred as a result of the Anglo - American campaign against Iraq were absorbed by taxpayers .
Israel also has many hidden costs to the taxpayer .
“ Loans ” made to Israel by the U.S. government invariably wind up being paid by the American taxpayer as does the interest on the money to Israel .
Thus , it is reasonable to consider all government loans to Israel the same as grants .
Israel has received over $ 42 billion in waived loans .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 37 , September 14 , 2009 )
Uncleskinny said :
In response to a letter about the Liverpool Echo debacle , this is what the letters editor , Rebecca Robinson , had to say , in superb reportage - style weasel words ...
" While not insisting that our pop stars should have to put up with taking a bottle full on the bonce there are some who have questioned whether Moz is a petulant little child in this instance .
Fans have paid silly money to see their idol , who then walks off taking the moral high ground with him along with the sympathy of the fans .
So who 's been most hurt here ?
- RR "
Peter Click to expand ...
Ofcourse she has covered herself by saying " there are some " , which means that neither she nor the NME can technically be accused of calling Morrissey this , but I accept that it is implied that that 's exactly what they think .
I 'm not defending the NME ( I hate the magazine ) but in this instance I agree .
Morrissey was wrong to take the moral high ground and spoil it for thousands of fans .
All this business with the heckler as well , its a tad pathetic .
I know I 'm purely speculating , but Moz just does n't seem to be in the best of moods recently , its almost as if there 's something wrong
Cohabiting rights bad for women , says family law chief
Laying down the law : Baroness Deech says a ' divorce ' law for cohabiting couples would degrade relationships
A ‘ divorce ' law for cohabiting couples would harm children and strip couples of their right to live as they wish , a leading family lawyer has said .
It would also deal a blow to feminism and provide a bonanza for lawyers as couples look to grab a share of each other ’s wealth , according to Baroness Deech .
The Law Commission , the Government ’s legal advisory body , has recommended that former live - in partners should be made to pay maintenance in the same way as divorcees if there are children from the relationship or if the couple have been living together for two years .
However , Lady Deech , who is head of the barristers ’ regulator , the Bar Standards Board , warned that such a law would invite blackmail and bullying from former partners .
She added it ‘ would be a windfall for lawyers but for no one else except the gold digger ’ .
Labour is thought likely to bring in the law if it wins another term and Tory leaders are also sympathetic to the idea .
But Lady Deech , 66 , said in a lecture at Gresham College : ‘ Women do not need and ought not to require to be kept by men after their relationship has come to an end . ’
She added that the law ‘ retards the emancipation of women ’ and ‘ degrades the relationship ’ .
She also pointed out that couples who choose to live together without ties would be forced by law to accept a commitment similar to marriage , denying them a free choice .
The law would also hinder the chance of a stable environment in which to raise children , she said .
‘ The best thing for children , as we have seen from the statistics , is to live with two married parents .
The construction of a forced law of cohabitation may deter more men from making any commitment at all .
‘ We ought not to risk adding to the number of one - parent families by encouraging men to walk out before the threshold qualifying period , say two years , in order to avoid financial liability . ’
Lady Deech has previously insisted women should not expect to marry for money , nor should divorced wives be able to live on payments from former husbands .
MEERWALA , Pakistan
After being kidnapped at the age of 16 by a group of thugs and enduring a year of rapes and beatings , Assiya Rafiq was delivered to the police and thought her problems were over .
Then , she said , four police officers took turns raping her .
The next step for Assiya was obvious :
She should commit suicide .
That ’s the customary escape in rural Pakistan for a raped woman , as the only way to cleanse the disgrace to her entire family .
Instead , Assiya summoned the unimaginable courage to go public and fight back .
She is seeking to prosecute both her kidnappers and the police , despite threats against her and her younger sisters .
This is a kid who left me awed and biting my lip ; this is n’t a tale of victimization but of valor , empowerment and uncommon heroism .
“ I decided to prosecute because I do n’t want the same thing to happen to anybody else , ” she said firmly .
Seabury is a college student in Juniata College , Huntingdon , PA .
He is n't a professional musician , but he plays recreational percussion , saxophone , and composes songs on garageband .
He is Heavily influenced by progressive rock , pop , heavy metal , and classical music .
His musical style is very experimental , and he recommends that people listen to it on headphones , as they were n't mixed for speakers .
View wiki
News
A new article explains what bcvi is and why you might find it useful [ More ]
Release 3.18 adds support for initiating connections from the command - line ( with bash completion support ) [ More ]
Release 3.17 adds an optional text entry where you can type a hostname ( with auto completion ) ; adds support for newer Ruby / GTK libraries ; and includes bug fixes [ More ]
Nicolas Roman has contributed an article on Integrating SSHMenu with Terminator rather than gnome - terminal .
Release 3.16 disables buggy drag - n - drop ; adds an option to hide the border of the main ' button ' widget .
Release 3.15 adds support for XEmbed , improved command line option handling , simplified wrapper scripts and better documentation .
Release 3.14 adds support for environment settings ( useful for locale adjustments ) , improved quoting , bcvi in tabbed mode and other minor updates .
Release 3.13 adds support for bcvi , command - line options and multiple config files , as well as improvements in error handling and reporting .
Powered By
Hosted By
Project page
Commodore Frank Bainimarama took power in a 2006 coup Fiji has ordered the envoys of New Zealand and Australia , its two biggest neighbours , to leave within 24 hours .
The country 's military ruler , Commodore Frank Bainimarama , has accused the two countries of interfering in Fiji 's internal affairs .
The row stems from his attempt to hire Sri Lankan judges to replace the local judiciary he sacked in April .
Cmdr Bainimarama took power in a coup in 2006 and sacked the judiciary after a court said his rule was illegal .
Comprehensive censorship was imposed and many civil servants were also dismissed in April .
' Negative campaign ' " I have told the minister of foreign affairs to issue communications to the Australian and New Zealand governments that their respective heads of missions are to be recalled within 24 hours , " Mr Bainimarama said in a televised address .
" I have also informed them our high commissioner ( ambassador ) in Australia is to be recalled with immediate effect , " he said .
" They misinform Canberra and Wellington and wage a negative campaign against the government and people of Fiji , " he said .
Both Australia and New Zealand already have travel bans in place against senior officials in the military - run government in Fiji .
Earlier this week , Fiji accused Australia and New Zealand of exerting pressure on the Sri Lankan judges to reconsider their move , and of denying them transit visas for their outward journey to Suva .
Australia has denied this , says the the BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney .
Australia acknowledges that it did advise the judges that once they took up their positions in Fiji they would be subject to the same travel bans as other members of the military regime , our correspondent says .
The Commonwealth suspended Fiji in September after the nation failed to meet a deadline for opening talks on a return to democracy .
Australia and New Zealand have urged Fiji to hold elections by next year , but Cmdr Bainimarama has said elections would not be held before 2014 .
Fiji has had four coups and a bloody military mutiny since 1987 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ladislav Smid began the season without a shot on goal for the first nine games .
Scott and I noted it during a number of GD posts .
We also wondered what the record was for fewest shots on goal during a season and if Smid had a chance of setting the mark .
I initially thought that the answer would be some defensive rock in the mold of Jim Schoenfeld or Rod Langway .
While Langway did card a few seasons with less than forty shots , he 's not even close to holding this record .
It turns out that I overlooked a major category of NHL'er , and that category owns all of the records .
It soon did n't matter as Smid tuned up the shootin ' stick and registered fifteen shots in his next sixteen games to get himself well clear of any shots - related infamy .
I decided to find the answer to our question anyway , so after some research , I 've got the list .
The winner ?
Stu Grimson , in a landslide .
His 1998 - 99 season with Anaheim is the stuff of legend .
.13 shots per game for 10 shots on the year .
Grimson somehow managed three goals on those ten shots for the sniper 's 30 % .
He had no assists , but was his +/- was even for the season .
He averaged 2.16 penalty minutes per game .
Listed below are the six players that registered the fewest shots on goal in a single season since 1973 - 74 .
The common thread ?
They were all handy with their fists .
Player Season Team GP SOG Stu Grimson 1998 - 99 Anaheim 73 10 Dave Semenko 1987 - 88 Toronto 70 12 Stu Grimson 1992 - 93 Chicago 78 14 Eric Godard 2007 - 08 Calgary 74 14 Darren Langdon 1997 -98 New York 70 15 Ken Baumgartner 1998 - 99 Boston 69 15 Derek Boogaard 2005 - 06 Minnesota 65 15
Grimson also registered seasons of :
77 GP - 34 SOG
72 GP - 26 SOG
75 GP - 17 SOG
82 GP - 17 SOG
The Grim Reaper finished his career with 771 games played and 220 shots on goal .
The least amount of shots on goal from a non-enforcer ?
That would be Jassen Cullimore , while playing with the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2006 - 07 season .
Cullimore appeared in 65 games and had only 17 shots .
Before Doctor
Who was a new - millennium phenomenon , it ruled the British airwaves for a quarter of the last century .
And some of your grand - dad 's Doctor Who episodes are actually still worth checking out .
Here 's our complete handy guide to old - school Doctor Who for new - Who fans .
With some spoilers .
Advertisement
Step one : Discover Ace , the Proto - Rose .
The last couple of years Doctor Who was on the air in the late 1980s , the writers started experimenting with the often - boring relationship between the Doctor and his cute travel companion .
They introduced Ace , a rebellious teenager with a love of explosives .
At first , the Ace - Doctor relationship was just a little spicier than the traditional Doctor / ambiguous - friend pairing , but over time it became a lot more .
The Doctor started putting Ace through a series of tests and forcing her to confront her fears .
She , in turn , started questioning the Doctor 's goals and methods more than any companion before her .
The Doctor - Ace relationship provided an inspiration for some of the more fully realized companions of today , like Rose .
Advertisement
The final three Ace stories are all on DVD , and they 're probably the best way for fans of the RTD era to delve into the new series .
( Ignore the horrendous opening credits , the mostly cheese - tastic incidental music and the worse - than - usual special effects . )
In " Ghostlight , " the Doctor takes Ace to the haunted house that freaked her out when she was a kid , except they visit it in the Victorian era and she discovers she had good reason to be freaked out .
" Ghostlight " is full of weird clever touches and riffs on Victorian naturalism and the absurdity of the British explorer archetype .
( And a lot of that stuff ends up being less than meets the eye , sadly . )
But at its core , it 's about Ace confronting her deepest fears and getting closer to being the Doctor 's equal .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And then in " Curse Of Fenric , " the Doctor takes Ace to World War II England , where she meets her own mother as a baby and discovers that someone has been manipulating her all along .
But " Curse Of Fenric " is mostly the episode steps up and starts being the clever one - there 's a fantastic moment halfway through where the Doctor is counting on nobody figuring out the secret of the Viking runes .
And he does n't realize
Ace has figured it out ages ago , because he 's understimated her intelligence .
Finally , in " Survival , " Ace returns to her juvenile - delinquent roots and discovers that all her old friends have gotten sucked into a planet that 's basically a weird parody of the " survival of the fittest " world the stupid adults in her life were trying to prepare her for all along .
Advertisement
These three stories stand the test of time quite well , and they show Ace growing and developing as a character , whose inner life is just as important as the Doctor 's latest scheme .
( A fourth Ace story , " Remembrance Of The Daleks , " is also on DVD and has some nice moments . )
Supposedly if the show had n't been canceled , we would have learned the reason the Doctor was putting
Ace through so much trauma : he was grooming her to become a Time Lord .
The following season would have seen Ace enrolling in the Time Lord Academy on Gallifrey .
( Her story continued in a different way in a series of novels , but a radio play , " Death Comes To Time , " did show her going through a sort of Time Lord training . )
Advertisement
Step two : Sample the Baker era .
And yes , by " Baker era , " I do mean " Tom Baker . "
I would never advocate anybody putting themselves through the torment of watching any of Colin Baker 's mid-1980s tenure as the Doctor .
Tom Baker played the Doctor from 1974 to 1981 , and his manic ( and sometimes menacing ) portrayal was huge in England and won over American audiences .
His portrayal degenerated into schtick after a few years , but at first he was the edgiest , funniest and most unpredictable of the Doctors .
Advertisement
I was surprised when I interviewed Julie Gardner , executive producer of the new Who , and she mentioned that showrunner Russell T. Davies had given her a list of classic
Who episodes to watch before they relaunched the show .
The list was all Tom Baker , instead of the later stories I 'd been expecting : " Pyramids Of Mars , " " Talons Of Weng - Chiang " and " City Of Death . "
( I would n't recommend " Talons Of Weng Chiang , " though : the racial stereotyping is actually painful to watch . )
The best Tom Baker stories remain fresh because they 're all about improvisation .
Tom Baker is constantly improvising his performance , keeping the other actors on their toes .
And his Doctor is written as the most improvisational as well .
He 's constantly being backed into a corner and bluffing his way out , making plans that fall flat and then making up new plans on the spot , and building gadgets out of scrap .
And it 's really in the Baker era that the show 's scripts become so multi-layered that any child watching will probably miss half of what 's going on .
( And still love it . )
Here are the Tom Baker episodes that actually hold up , weak special effects and all :
" Ark In Space . "
Just remember that bubble wrap was n't as common back then , and it actually looked sort of cool at the time .
And " Ark " is a classic for a reason : the Doctor is out of his depth from the moment he 's trapped in an airless room with the life - support turned off to the moment he 's facing an army of spacewalking giant bugs , with no way to stop them .
Classic
Who moment : the Doctor makes a macabre observation , followed by " I 'm afraid . "
His companion Sarah Jane tells him to stop making jokes , and he responds : " When I say I 'm afraid , I 'm not making jokes . "
" Pyramids Of Mars . "
Another one where the Doctor is outclassed and overpowered from start to finish , and he keeps making clever plans that fail horribly .
The interplay between Sarah Jane and the Doctor is never better than in this episode — partly because the story 's female director took some of the Doctor 's dialog and gave it to Sarah Jane .
So instead of the Doctor explaining everything to Sarah Jane , she 's figuring stuff out on her own .
" Robots Of Death . "
Here 's a clever twist : robots go around killing people , not by shooting them with lasers or firing nanites at them — but by strangling them to death with their powerful robot hands .
It 's a surprisingly gruesome story , by Blake 's 7 writer Chris Boucher , and it explores some serious questions about humans ' dependence on technology .
The society in " Robots " can't function without robotic assistance , but the humans are secretly ( or not so secretly ) terrified of robots .
So what happens when a whole gaggle of robots go berzerk and kill everybody ?
" I should think it 's the end of this civilization , " the Doctor says far too casually .
" Robots " also features Leela , the knife - wielding jungle woman who traveled with the Doctor for a couple of years , and whose first response to any situation is lethal force .
" City Of Death . "
I 'm hesitant to recommend this one , because it 's pretty slow going at first — the Who team managed to film in Paris , and celebrated with lots and lots and lots of shots of the Doctor running around the city .
But once it gets going , the script mostly written by Douglas Adams is pretty much irresistibly glib and clever .
Not to mention a cameo by Monty Python 's John Cleese in his prime .
Advertisement
Step three : Check out some other classics .
I 'm pretty confident that if you 've followed steps one and two , you should already be a fan of the classic series .
At that point , you should be open to sampling a lot of the other stories from the show .
Here are a couple of ground rules :
1 ) Do n't watch any story over four episodes long .
( Or about 90 minutes . )
While there are a few notable exceptions , by and large the longer a Who story gets , the more it gets padded out for length .
Even some four - episode stories tend to have a third episode where the Doctor is locked up for twenty minutes or gets captured and escapes a couple of times .
The show 's producers frequently dragged out stories for longer than they deserved , in order to save money on sets and costumes .
A few possible exceptions : " Dalek Invasion Of Earth , " " Doctor Who And The Silurians " and " Inferno . "
Advertisement
2 ) Stay away from the black and white 1960s stories until you 're well and truly indoctrinated .
There are some definite gems remaining from the 60s , including the aforementioned Dalek invasion story and " Tomb Of The Cybermen , " but the first two Doctors ' adventures have n't aged as well , by and large , as the rest of the show .
Not just because of the old - movie look of the black and white , but also because they were filming literally an episode per week , with a couple of sets , and most of the episodes have a very stagey quality to them .
They 're basically stage plays on film .
3 ) Try to take breaks between episodes .
I should have mentioned this earlier .
When I lived in England as a kid , we would have a week between 25 - minute episodes , and those silly cliffhangers would feel all - consuming .
A lot of stories feel stretched out and slow if you watch them all in one sitting , but they feel urgent and super - fast if you watch them an episode at a time .
Although the Tom Baker stories were frequently shown in " movie " format in the U.S. , with all the episode breaks edited out , and they seemed to hold up fine .
( I remember watching a 7 - part Jon Pertwee story in " movie " format , and I nearly clawed my face off . )
Advertisement
That said , here are a few other stories that are on DVD that are especially worth checking out for people who are new to the classic series :
" Claws Of Axos . "
For now , at least , it 's the only classic story featuring the original version of the Doctor 's arch - enemy the Master that 's out on DVD and is n't 6 episodes long .
It 's got some extremely silly / cheesy moments , especially pompous civil servant Mr. Chinn , but it 's also got some fun action sequences with U.N.I.T. and a somewhat clever story about gullible humans being lured to their doom through their own greed .
" Curse Of Peladon . "
Not out on DVD , but hopefully it will be at some point .
It 's a fun romp about the Doctor visiting a mock - medieval planet that 's trying to join a galactic Federation .
The aliens are goofy and fun , and it's the only story with the Ice Warriors that is n't overly long and / or in black - and - white .
" Carnival Of Monsters . "
Another silly romp , written by supreme Who screenwriter Robert Holmes .
It drags a bit in places , due to a time loop that makes some of the characters act out the same scene over and over .
But it 's also got one of Holmes ' classic huckster characters : a carnival con-man , who 's got a machine full of captured alien races ( including humans ) living out a moment in time over and over .
The carnival attraction ends up causing a revolution on an alien planet .
" The Time Warrior . "
It introduces Sarah Jane and the cloned warrior Sontarans .
It 's also one of the wittiest scripts from Holmes , having fun with rogues and ruffians in medieval England .
the cloned warrior Sontarans .
It 's also one of the wittiest scripts from Holmes , having fun with rogues and ruffians in medieval England .
" Genesis Of The Daleks . "
Almost mentioned this in the " Tom Baker " section above .
If you 're up for a six - part story , this one is pretty great .
The only good story featuring Davros , the creator of the war - cyborg Daleks .
It 's famous for having the gritty opening showing people being machine - gunned in slow motion , but it also has a lot of other great moments , with the occasional slow bit .
" The Keeper Of Traken , " " Logopolis " and " Castrovalva . "
The return of the Master , and the regeneration of Tom Baker into Peter Davison .
These stories are fun to watch , and you can't help wishing that some of the touches of character development in the companions had been followed up on instead of ignored .
The new Master starts out wonderful , but manages to fall apart by the end of " Castrovalva , " sadly .
" The Visitation . "
Another historical story , featuring an alien who wants to supercharge the Black Plague and wipe out humanity .
Peter Davison is still finding his feet as the Doctor in this story , but he gives one of his most fiery performances .
" Earthshock . "
The story that brought back the Cybermen and broke one of Doctor Who 's cardinal rules .
Very , very action movie - ish , once you get past the slow first part , but in a good way .
And the new Cybermen are pretty imposing in this story .
" Caves Of Androzani . "
Davison 's last story is also his best , by several orders of magnitude .
It 's the return of Robert Holmes to writing Who , with one last blaze of greatness .
The villains are operatic , the story has a ton of great twists , and the end of episode three is one of the greatest moments in Doctor Who .
Period .
" Revelation Of The Daleks . "
The least bad Colin Baker story is a weird satire on human mortality , set in a funeral home with more than one sinister secret .
This story would be much better if it dropped all pretense of being a Dalek story , and maybe if it did n't include the Doctor .
But for what it is , it 's pretty fascinating .
Advertisement
Okay , that 's my advice for new - Who fans .
What do you think ?
Ace toy photo by Decepticreeps on Flickr .
Pop matters because it is a reflection of how we collectively assign meaning and develop cultural responses to that meaning .
Magazines like PopMatters give voice to those meanings and explore the natures of those cultural responses , allowing us all to share in them , and we open the doors for all who have the talent to express those ideas .
More death row convicts were executed in the United States this year than last , but juries continue to grow more wary of capital punishment , according to a new report .
Death sentences handed down by judges and juries in 2009 continued a trend of decline for seven years in a row , with 106 projected for the year .
That level is down two - thirds from a peak of 328 in 1994 , according to the report being released Friday by the Death Penalty Information Center , a research organization that opposes capital punishment .
“ This entire decade has been marked by a declining use of the death penalty , ” said Richard Dieter , the executive director of the group .
The sentencing drop was most striking in Texas , which averaged 34 death sentences a year in the 1990s and had 9 this year .
Vic Wisner , a former assistant district attorney in Houston , said a “ constant media drumbeat ” about suspect convictions and exonerations “ has really changed the attitude of jurors . ”
Famous movie and two of the sequels revisited by some Russian group .
Now it ’s Matrix 1905 – “ How Could Your Grandma See The Matrix ? ”
Attorney and Author Scott Gant Files a Devastating 47 - Page Objection to the Google Book Settlement
" He 's not only the president , he 's also a motherfucking client ! "
* Listen to this first if you do n't know what the hell is going on here * Attorney Scott Gant has filed a massive , 47 - page brief about the Google Book Settlement , laying down what Publisher 's Weekly has called the " first heavyweight objection . "
Gant is not only a Harvard - educated class action lawyer : he is also a member of the class of authors that the " Author 's Guild " claims to represent .
Gant is the author of " We 're All Journalists Now : The Transformation of the Press and Reshaping of the Law in The Internet Age , " and he claims that he has yet to receive any legal notice about the settlement or his right to opt out of it .
In his brief , Gant echoes many of the objections that others have raised to the settlement in the past , but also highlights the fact that the settlement fails to protect the due process rights of absent members of the class , claiming that the settlement is a " predominantly commercial transaction , " that " cannot be imposed through the Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 .
" Note to Google : lawyers write books , too .
From Gant 's interview in the New York Times Gant is not taking the " Author 's Guild 's " smarmy advice to do nothing about this settlement .
He has realized what is at stake and he is standing up for the millions of authors all over the world who are about to wake up one morning to find that they helped create a monstrous , giant for - profit digital library that has special rights to scan and display copyrighted books without getting sued .
Note : if you or I scanned a copyrighted book that is out of print and put it online , we would owe the author $ 150,000 in statutory damages .
And that is EVEN IF this settlement passes .
If this settlement passes , ONLY Google will be immune from getting sued for copyright infringement .
And they are not giving these books away like Project Gutenberg does : they are going to charge for them .
And they are going to charge public libraries and universities for them , the same libraries from which they took the books in the first place .
Why do we need to give Google a giant public welfare handout at the expense of hard - working authors ?
Why do n't we make them pay for what they want with a two - year long rights auction or by forcing Google to make individual deals with rightsholders if they want to display their books ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , in a rare address to both houses of Congress , has called on the US to join European efforts on global warming .
She also said Iran must not be allowed to have a nuclear weapon and reiterated Germany 's commitment to Afghanistan .
Mrs Merkel is only the second German chancellor to address Congress since Konrad Adenauer in 1957 .
Before her address on Capitol Hill , Mrs Merkel was hailed as an " extraordinary leader " by US President Barack Obama .
" Germany has been an extraordinarily strong ally on a whole host of international issues , " Mr Obama said , with Mrs Merkel at his side in the Oval Office .
Thorny issues Mrs Merkel - who was re-elected in September at the helm of a centre - right coalition - was welcomed with a standing ovation and her remarks were frequently met with sustained applause .
The German leader told Congress there was " no time to lose " on fighting climate change .
She urged the US to sign up to internationally binding obligations that global warming must not exceed 2C at the UN - backed meeting in Copenhagen in December .
She said China and India would be more likely to support a deal if Europe and the US set an example .
Congress is gearing up to address climate change legislation , but it is unlikely any new laws would be passed before next month 's meeting , said the BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington .
On the issue of Iran 's nuclear weapons programme , Mrs Merkel called for a " zero tolerance " policy .
" A nuclear bomb in the hands of an Iranian president who denies the Holocaust , threatens Israel and denies Israel the right to exist , is not acceptable , " she said , referring to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
And on Afghanistan , Mrs Merkel said Germany would " travel this road together , every step of the way " with the US , but offered no specific commitments .
The Afghanistan issue is likely to prove a thorny one during bilateral talks , says BBC Berlin correspondent Steve Rosenberg .
The US wants Germany to send more troops to Afghanistan , a request that would not go down well with the German public , says our correspondent .
On a personal note , Mrs Merkel recounted her days as a child in East Germany , and expressed thanks to the US for its role in the fall of the Berlin Wall 20 years ago this month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Microsoft today announced that it will be releasing documentation for the .PST file format , which is used for storing data ranging from e-mail to calendar to contacts in Outlook Personal Folders , but did not provide a deadline for itself .
Microsoft is currently engaging directly with industry experts and interested customers to gather feedback on the quality of the technical documentation to ensure that it is clear and useful .
When it is complete , the documentation will be released under in the company 's Open Specification Promise ( OPS ) , a program under which Microsoft promises not to sue developers who use specifications included in the program .
The technical documentation will detail how the data is stored , will include guidance for accessing that data from other software applications , will highlight the structure of the .PST file , will show details like how to navigate the folder hierarchy , and explain how to access the individual data objects and properties .
Developers will thus be able to read , create , and interoperate with the data in .
PST files in server and client scenarios without concerns about patents , and without the need to contact Microsoft .
Anyone will be able to implement the .
PST file format on any platform and in any tool , using the programming language and platform of their choice .
The company says that providing access to the documentation will facilitate interoperability by enabling customers and vendors to access their data in .
PST files across a variety of platforms .
Organizations that need to exchange key corporate data in and out of Outlook , upload to the cloud , or comply with corporate governance policies , will find this particularly useful .
On the one hand , this could improve Microsoft 's chances to make the .PST file format the unofficial standard in the area of e-mail data storage , while it 's equally possible that it could help Outlook and Exchange competitors make it easier for companies to switch away from Redmond 's products .
Microsoft wants its message to be that this is a good move , as it will make the data more portable across various applications and platforms .
Published online 10 November 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1075
News
Complete replacement of erectile tubes makes rabbits rampant again .
Scientists bioengineered working erectile tissue for New Zealand White rabbits .
Nigel Cattlin / Getty
Researchers have successfully constructed functional erectile tissue that , when grafted onto rabbits who had their penises surgically removed , enables them to both copulate with and impregnate females .
The research team , at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , says it is the most complete functional replacement of erectile tissue reported to date and raises real hopes for future therapy in humans .
The penis shaft , explains Anthony Atala , director of the institute and lead author of the study , basically consists of three tubes : a central tube comprising the urethra through which urine and semen travel , and two cylinders of erectile tissue on either side known as the corpus cavernosa .
Atala is a leading expert in organ replacement , and has previously conducted pioneering work on the bladder in humans ( see ' Scientists grow bladder replacement in lab ' ) .
Atala and his colleagues report the successful replacement of these tubes of erectile tissue in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA1 .
" We 've already shown we can form urethra , " says Atala .
" This actually shows we can replace entire penile areas . "
Fully functional
The team 's previous attempts to replace segments of corporal penis tissue had limited success .
Only around a third of tissue was replaced and the rabbits were unable to muster a full erection because blood pressure in the grafted tissue reached only half that required .
However , the latest technique avoids both of these problems .
" We take a small piece of tissue from the patient , and from that we grow the cells outside the body and then put them right back into the patient , " says Atala .
" We 've now been able to achieve full function . "
“ This actually shows we can replace entire penile areas . ” Anthony Atala
Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine
The team used rabbit donor corpora cavernosa , which were stripped of their cells leaving just a collagen matrix as a ' scaffold ' .
This was then seeded with muscle and skin cells from the rabbits ' own penises , and the cells were grown on the scaffold .
These replacement corpora were implanted into male New Zealand White rabbits that had had their penises surgically removed .
The rabbits with artificially engineered penises were later allowed access to females and their amorousness was assessed at one , three and six months after implantation .
All of the rabbits attempted intercourse within a minute of being placed together with a female .
Swabs of female rabbits showed the presence of sperm in 8 out of 12 females , and four of them were impregnated .
" These bioengineered corpora were functional in terms of normal erections , adequate copulation , ejaculation , and impregnation , " write the team in their paper .
ADVERTISEMENT
Similar techniques have been used to regenerate other organs .
Although this research has only been done in rabbits , human therapy is the ultimate goal and the research shows " considerable potential " , says Atala .
Several patients could stand to benefit , including those with congenital abnormalities of the penis , traumatic injury or penile cancer .
Some patients with severe erectile dysfunction could also potentially benefit .
Currently , artificial prostheses are used to replace erectile tissue in humans but these do not restore normal function .
Drogo Montague , director of the Center for Genitourinary Reconstruction in the Glickman Urological and Kidney Institute at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio , adds that the technique might also eventually prove useful in " niche cases where erectile tissue has been damaged and replaced by scarring .
This occurs after removal of infected penile prostheses and in [ some ] men with erectile dysfunction , " he says .
Andrew North
BBC News
The problems faced by Soviet forces in Afghanistan carry echoes for Nato All the most senior ministers were at the Afghan strategy meeting .
They knew things were not going well , but from their leader there was a whiff of panic .
" We just need to be sure that the final result does not look like a humiliating defeat : to have lost so many men and now abandoned it all ... in short , we have to get out of there . "
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev - the speaker of those words - was understandably alarmed .
It was June 1986 , almost a year since he had taken the decision to start withdrawing Soviet troops from Afghanistan and hand over more responsibility to the government there .
But Soviet losses , already above 10,000 , kept mounting .
With conflicting signals this week about the direction of Western policy in Afghanistan , there is a hint of the same kind of panic and indecision .
Soviet exit strategy US President Barack Obama is still deciding whether to send in thousands of US reinforcements .
SOVIETS IN AFGHANISTAN 1979 - Brezhnev sends in troops 1988 - USSR pledges to withdraw 1989 - final Soviet withdrawal Soviet deaths - estimated at 15,000 Afghan deaths - estimated at one million Yet the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown - facing ever - greater opposition to the Afghan war - has been highlighting possibilities for UK troops to pull back in some areas next year .
It is less than two weeks since he was saying : " We cannot , must not and will not walk away . "
But as Mr Gorbachev found , getting out is at least as difficult as staying in .
It took almost four years to pull out entirely - because of a combination of dithering over strategy and last - ditch efforts by Moscow to prop up its client government in Kabul in the hope of maintaining some pride and influence .
The former Soviet leader 's difficulties are detailed in previously secret transcripts of Politburo meetings and diary entries recently released by the Washington - based National Security Archive .
They make sobering reading for British and American leaders , as they decide whether to double - up or cut their losses in Afghanistan .
There are certainly differences - not least America 's determination to make the Soviet withdrawal as costly as possible in blood and treasure .
Lost battle
But there are echoes too of the difficulties the US and its allies face now .
President Gorbachev was alarmed by the situation of Soviet forces
By the late 1980s , Moscow 's exit strategy was basically the same as Nato 's today - to build up an allied government in Kabul with sufficient trained army and police forces to defend itself , thereby allowing foreign troops to leave .
But even with the backing of a 100,000 - strong Soviet army and billions of rubles in aid , the Afghan government struggled to establish its legitimacy and authority much beyond the capital - much like President Hamid Karzai's Western - backed administration today .
This bleak assessment of the situation in late 1986 by the Soviet armed forces commander , Marshal Sergei Akhromeev , sounds eerily familiar .
" Military actions in Afghanistan will soon be seven years old , " Mr Akhromeev told Mr Gorbachev at a November 1986 Politburo session .
" There is no single piece of land in this country which has not been occupied by a Soviet soldier .
Nonetheless , the majority of the territory remains in the hands of rebels .
" The whole problem is that military results are not followed up by political actions .
At the centre there is authority ; in the provinces there is not .
" We control Kabul and the provincial centres , but on occupied territory we cannot establish authority .
We have lost the battle for the Afghan people " .
Familiar problems
By that point , Soviet trainers had created an Afghan army 160,000 - strong - double the size of the force Nato has trained so far - together with thousands of much - feared secret policemen .
Yet once Soviet forces had left , they could do little more than defend Kabul and a few other cities .
Only massive military aid , coupled with incompetence and in - fighting among the US - backed mujahideen opposition , allowed the Afghan government Moscow left behind to cling on in Kabul for a few more years before finally collapsing .
There were familiar problems too with the financial assistance Moscow gave .
It hoped the funds would bolster the capacity of the Afghan government and pay for projects that would benefit people , winning hearts and minds .
However corruption rendered much of its useless .
As the Politburo discussed a new aid request from Kabul in January 1987 , Marshal Sergei Sokolov said : " In 1981 , we gave them 100 m roubles of free assistance .
And all of that went to the elite .
And there was nothing in the hamlets - no kerosene , no matches . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Public Stoning
Iranian courts still order public stonings , and those sentenced are often severely whipped before they are stoned .
Women are buried up to their necks before a stoning .
If convicted of adultery , Iranian law requires the stones not be too big or too small so that the probable death is not merciful or prolonged .
If a woman miraculously survives a stoning , she must then serve a jail sentence .
For men , the stoning procedure is a bit different .
Men are buried up to their waists before a stoning .
If they confess and manage to escape , they are free .
Appointment at the Gallows : Hanging
In most of the world , execution by hanging is used .
Iran recently cut back on the number of its judicial hangings , but in Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Botswana , Iraq , Japan , Pakistan , Singapore , St. Kitts & Nevis and Sudan hanging is extremely common .
In 2008 , approximately 339 men and four women were hanged in these countries .
Short Drop Hanging
The gallows and method of death they produce vary from country to country .
Often the “ American style ” or “ short drop ” method of hanging is used , which means the drop is only inches and does not break the condemned ’s neck .
He or she struggles in the noose , causing it to tighten and after some time of suffering , dies from asphyxia .
Suspension Hanging
In some countries , the method of choice is suspension hanging , which utilizes a crane or other heavy equipment to lift the prisoner off the ground by the noose .
The manner of death is the same as the short drop , which makes it slow and agonizing .
After short drop or suspension hangings , the deceased ’s face is generally engorged and blue with blood marks evident on the face and eyes , and the tongue may protrude .
Standard Drop Hanging
Standard drop hanging was adopted as the normal method of hanging in the U.S. in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Prisoners drop four to six feet , which often rips the skin , breaks the neck and in some cases causes decapitation .
This method of hanging is still carried out today in some of the countries listed above .
Long Drop Hanging
Long drop or “ measured drop ” hanging was adopted by British Colonies and practiced in Britain as a “ more humane ” form of punishment .
The distance of the drop is calculated by the prisoner ’s height , weight and body type and designed to break the neck .
If the calculations are incorrect and the drop is too long or too short , the prisoner ’s head may be ripped off or they may slowly die from strangulation .
This is now a very common form of hanging .
The Electric Chair
Since all methods of hanging are either cruel and inhumane or potentially so , the electric chair was introduced in the U.S. in 1888 .
The electric chair was designed as a “ more humane ” method of execution , although it does not cause instant death .
Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse were battling to dominate electrical utilities at the time , and Westinghouse ’s alternating current powered the first electric chair .
Edison was pleased that the electric chair required Westinghouse ’s current , as he had always made the argument that the alternating current was dangerous .
The electric chair has been used in 27 U.S. states and the Philippines .
The first man to die in the electric chair was William Kemmler , who was convicted of murdering his lover .
Kemmler was executed on August 6 , 1890 .
He sat in the chair on his own and was strapped to the chair with leather straps around his torso , arms and legs .
Head and spinal electrodes with layers of sponge soaked in brine were attached to Kemmler and a black cloth was put over his face .
When the switch was thrown , Kemmler went rigid for 17 seconds , then his body relaxed .
He was declared dead , but 30 seconds later his chest had a series of spasms .
A second charge of electricity was sent through his body for 70 seconds , until there was a smell of burning flesh and vapor and smoke were seen rising from his body .
Kemmler was then officially declared dead .
The electric chair is still a legal method of execution in Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Illinois , Kentucky , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Tennessee and Virginia .
Death row inmates are given the choice of dying by lethal injection or the electric chair .
Since 1993 , at least five electric chair executions have gone seriously wrong with prisoners being slowly tortured to death with blue and orange flames shooting out of the helmet while he or she is still alive and in intense agony .
Judicial Caning
In some countries , including Singapore , Malaysia and Brunei , judicial caning is a common punishment for male offenders .
Thousands of men are sentenced to caning each year in these countries and for some crimes it is a mandatory punishment .
Judicial caning is done privately inside prisons .
Prisoners are stripped naked and shackled to an A - frame .
They are then beaten full - force with a four - foot rattan cane that has been soaked in water .
The cane splits the skin and rips at the bare flesh .
There is usually severe physical damage and permanent scarring .
In some cases an attendant holds the prisoner ’s head and reminds him to breathe .
After the caning , the prisoners are given medical treatment to clean the wounds .
A graphic six - minute video of a Malaysian judicial caning , which would be extremely upsetting for most people to watch is online .
It is not advisable to watch this video , which was filmed as part of an educational documentary to deter crime .
Death by Shooting
Most countries have stopped the practice of death by firing squad or by single bullet to the head and now use lethal injection .
However , shooting executions are still used in the state of Utah , Afghanistan , Belarus , Ethiopia , Indonesia , North Korea , Nigeria , Yemen , Vietnam and some parts of China .
China has the death penalty for 68 crimes .
During a war on crime effort in China in the spring of 2001 there were 1,781 executions , according to Amnesty International records .
That figure is higher than all of the other executions in the world put together for the same period .
Executions are carried out immediately after a public sentencing .
China keeps its death penalty statistics a state secret .
The prisoner ’s arms are shackled behind them and they are forced to kneel before they are shot in the back of the head at close range or shot in the heart from behind with an automatic rifle .
The family of the executed person is required to pay for the bullets used .
Beheading
In Saudi Arabia , public beheading is the punishment for murder , rape , drug trafficking , sodomy , armed robbery , apostasy and other offenses .
Men and women receive sentences of death by beheading and are usually given sedatives beforehand .
The condemned are taken by the police to a public place and their eyes are covered .
A sheet of plastic is spread out on the ground and the prisoner is forced to kneel facing Mecca .
The prisoner ’s name and crime is read out loud and the executioner is given a traditional Arab scimitar .
The executioner generally takes a few practice swings in the air before poking the prisoner in the back of the neck with the tip of the sword .
This causes the prisoner to lift their head so that it can be removed with a single stroke .
The head often flies two to three feet away from the body and is picked up and given to a doctor who sews it back on .
The deceased ’s body is wrapped in the plastic sheet and taken away for burial in an unmarked grave at the prison .
Whipping , Flogging and Lashing
Whipping , flogging and lashing are judicial punishments in which the prisoner is beaten with a whip , strap or flogger .
While many countries have now outlawed judicial beatings , the practice is still widespread in Iran , Afghanistan , Saudi Arabia , the Bahamas , Sudan , the United Arab Emirates , Singapore , Libya , Yemen , Malaysia , Brunei , parts of Nigeria and Indonesia as well as other countries .
In American prisons , flogging and beatings are still used , unofficially , to maintain order .
Mutilation
Mutilation , including eye gouging , chemical blinding , amputation of fingers , hands or other body parts , is also used in some countries , especially in those whose legal system is based on Islamic law .
Amputation
In Saudi Arabia , those convicted of crimes involving theft are often sentenced to amputation , and their right hands are removed .
For those found guilty of highway robbery , cross amputation , or removal of the right hand and left foot is ordered .
In Iran , prisoners may also be sentenced to amputation of both hands and feet for serious crimes .
Judicial amputation is still practiced in many other countries too including Yemen , Sudan , and Islamic regions of Nigeria .
Under the Taliban , judicial amputations were common in Afghanistan .
An Eye for an Eye – Literally
In Saudi Arabia , Indian citizen Puthan Veettil ` Abd ul - Latif Noushad was sentenced to a brutal punishment in 2005 .
The Greater Shari`a Court of Dammam ordered his right eye gouged out as retribution for taking part in a brawl .
A Saudi citizen was injured in the brawl and insisted that the punishment be carried out .
Although Saudi Arabia consented to the Convention against Torture in 1997 , brutal judicial punishments in the country have not stopped .
Eye gouging sentences are not uncommon .
Chemical Blinding
In Iran , a 27 - year - old man who was rejected by a woman attacked and threw acid on her , causing her to be blind and disfigured .
The Supreme Court has upheld his sentence , which is chemical blinding in both eyes .
He will be strapped down and have drops of hydrochloric acid placed in each of his eyes .
Failure of the vessel to close can lead to serious illness Scientists have made a breakthrough in understanding why a foetal blood vessel can fail to close shortly after birth , causing serious health problems .
If the ductus arteriosus fails to close babies develop high blood pressure in the lungs and heart failure .
A German team showed that platelets , cells in the blood which form clots , play a key role in closing the vessel .
The study , by researchers at Munich 's Technischen University , appears in the journal Nature Medicine .
The ductus arteriosus is a short vessel which connects the pulmonary artery to the aorta , allowing most of the blood from the right ventricle of the heart to bypass the foetus 's fluid - filled lungs .
A better understanding of how the ductus arteriosus closes just after birth could help the treatment of very vulnerable babies , and potentially save lives
Professor Jeremy Pearson
British Heart Foundation
This protects the lungs from being overworked and allows the left ventricle of the heart to strengthen .
However , once development is complete , the vessel 's work is done and it usually closes in the hours after birth .
But how this process takes place has been unclear and sometimes it does not happen , causing a condition known as patent ductus arteriosus .
This is a particular risk in premature babies with a low birth weight .
If left uncorrected this can lead to a build up of pressure in the blood vessels of the lung , which can trigger shortness of breath and dizziness .
Ultimately , it can lead to irregular heart rhythms and congestive heart failure .
Working on mice , the Munich team found that platelets congregate at the ductus arteriosus during closure , promoting the formation of a clot as the vessel contracts .
They showed that in mice with defective platelet function , the ductus arteriosus failed to close .
This resulted in a condition similar to that found in the human disease : increased blood flow in the lung and excessive growth of the right ventricle of the heart .
Transfusion possibility
The researchers also showed , in a clinical study in premature babies , that not having enough platelets in the blood was associated with a failure of the ductus arteriosus to close .
Lead researcher Dr Steffen Massberg said : " Our study might might lead to a change of the current treatment strategies to prevent failure of ductus arteriosus closure , particularly in preterm newborns with low platelet counts .
" It is conceivable that transfusion of platelets reduces the risk of ductus arteriosus patency ( lack of closure ) in preterm newborns with low platelet count . "
Professor Jeremy Pearson , of the British Heart Foundation , said : " This breakthrough is really promising as a better understanding of how the ductus arteriosus closes just after birth could help the treatment of very vulnerable babies , and potentially save lives . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CNN , which is n't doing all that well in recent ratings anyway , has also been under pressure to ....
And some leaders in media , politics and business have been urging me to go beyond my role here at CNN and to engage in constructive problem - solving , as well as to contribute positively to a better understanding of the great issues of our day .
And to continue to do so in the most direct and honest language possible .
Over the past six months , it ’s become increasingly clear that strong winds of change have begun buffeting this country and affecting all of us .
Dobbs , who 's been particularly outspoken on the issue of illegal immigration , said the country 's current problems require rigorous discussion based less on partisanship than empirical evidence .
He said he'd been under pressure to take a new direction in his life ( politics ) and he was going to do so in an effort to help save what he called the country 's beleaguered system of capitalism .
... can his conservative backside .
Hence , the mutual agreement to end the star 's contract this afternoon 14 months early , after nearly 30 years on - air .
Fox News , which earlier this year picked up another departed CNN personality named Glenn Beck , said it has not been in talks with Dobbs , who will continue his radio show .
Late today one former long - time Dobbs staffer described LD this way :
Lou could be an extremely difficult and demanding boss .
I got the impression he was even more difficult to those who tried to manage him .
But he knew what he wanted from people and usually got it .
He was a fair boss and loyal to his team , which has always operated as a separate feifdom within CNN , pretty much a breakaway republic .
The pudgy , grumpy Dobbs is a Texas native , the son of a propane purveyor and the last of the original CNN anchors ; he paid tribute to the network 's founder Ted Turner in his retirement statement , along with thanking many of the pioneering network 's colleagues ,
Dobbs lives on a 300 - acre farm in New Jersey 's northwest corner .
Last year when rumors began circulating that Dobbs was interested in entering politics , possibly to challenge the Garden state 's incumbent Democrat Gov. Jon Corzine , who lost this month anyway , Dobbs was noncommittal .
Never say never , is the favored term .
Also , do n't forget , Lou was the freely - elected student body president back at Minico High School .
And , like the last two guys elected president , he graduated from Harvard .
And , hey , if you 're jumping into politics in this day and age , why shoot for the lowly Senate ?
What about running on a third - party ticket in 2012 as a populist president ?
The Republicans in Washington have been left behind by the leading edge of populist conservatism anyway .
( And libertarian Republican Rep. Ron Paul at 74 now is even older than John McCain !
Lou , on the other hand , is a juvenile 64 . )
And who else is out there free of elected office with the popular interest and mediagenic personality to chase a political nomination in three years ?
Just what 's - her - name from Alaska who also quit her daytime job last summer , wrote a book and begins her speaking travels this weekend .
The tone of Dobbs ' statement today gave clear indication that whatever line of work the one - time local TV reporter settles on in the near future , he 'll likely be passing through Newark 's airport quite frequently .
Related item :
First peek at Sarah Palin 's new book
-- Andrew Malcolm
Do n't miss any breaking news like this .
Click here to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook .
Photo : Tony Pierce
Tuesday , November 3 , 2009
The Church of Scientology 's European website was hacked and defaced earlier today by hackers claiming to be members of Anonymous .
Anonymous proponents previously hacked Scientology 's main website , www.scientology.org.
The group also protested the church in February 2008 .
Screenshot of scientology - europe.org/index.htm ( from November 3 , 2009 )
Another website run by the church , freedom - belgium.org , was also hacked and defaced .
The hacked websites contain content taken from .whyaretheydead .info , a website critical of Scientology which lists members of the Church who are alleged to have died while in its care .
Anonymous has stated that whyaretheydead .
info was not involved in the hacking , but the hackers merely used content from their website .
This is not the first time hackers have defaced Scientology websites .
In January 2008 , ' Anonymous ' hacked the Church 's international website by using a denial - of - service attack .
The attack caused the website to be inaccessible for nearly 24 hours .
Related news
Sources
Posted on 14 July 2009 by Quaid
Looking at the below posters for Matt Reeves ’ unnecessary remake of the superb Swedish vampire drama Let the Right One In , I ca n’t help but wonder … why are you doing this again ?
The posters , courtesy of Slashfilm , are cool as hell , I ’ll give you that .
But they also look like they could , quite literally , be posters for the original version of the film .
From what we ’ve gathered so far , it looks like Reeves is going to stay surprisingly faithful to the original movie and novel , keeping the kids twelve - years - old and maintaining the bleak , snow - covered setting .
Also interesting about these posters is the prominent acknowledgement of the original film , with the words “ Based on the Award Winning Original Let the Right One In ” plastered front and center .
I would think they would be trying to make audiences forget the original or would choose to proclaim that this is based on the original novel , not the film .
Anyway , here are some cool posters for a movie that I ’m sure will be both well - done and completely unnecessary .
Click to make big .
Eating a Mediterranean - style diet  packed with fruits , vegetables , legumes , nuts , olive oil and fish  is good for your heart , many studies have found .
Now scientists are suggesting the diet may be good for your mental health , too .
A study of over 10,000 Spaniards followed for almost four and half years on average found that those who reported eating a healthy Mediterranean diet at the beginning of the study were about half as likely to develop depression than those who said they did not stick to the diet .
All of the participants were free of depression when they were recruited to the study , and each filled out a 136 - item food frequency questionnaire when they joined .
Based on their self - reported dietary habits , they were assigned a score between 0 and 9 , with the highest score reflecting the closest adherence to a Mediterranean diet .
Over time , those who had scored between 5 and 9 on the Mediterranean diet were 42 percent to 51 percent less likely to develop depression , the study found , than those who scored between 0 and 2 .
Single - Payer
Robust Public Option
Public Option available to all
Repeal insurance industry anti-trust exemption
Negotiated drug prices and rebates
Allow states to offer Single Payer
Negotiated rates Public Option
Expansion of Medicaid
Negotiated rates Public Option opt-out
Weak triggered Public Option
Medicare " buy-in "
90 % Medical loss ratio mandate
Increased subsidies
Ban discrimination based on pre-existing conditions
Parents ’ insurance covers 27 year olds
National health insurance exchange
Update :
As long as we settle for ' better than nothing , ' then all we are going to get is damn close to nothing .
Also , this is my first time on the rec list and I am honored ; thanks my Progressive brothers and sisters .
Update 2 : It looks like Sen. Burris may be a Progressive with principles after all .
Update 3 : Crossed out the compromises in the original ' public option compromise '
So who does n’t like the SENSE UI on the latest HTC smartphones ?
I guess is safe to say that most of those who see it , fall in love with it .
Heck , there ’s even a leaked Sense UI ROM for Android 2.1 out there .
You do n’t have an HTC phone ?
Well , that might not be a problem now , as long as you have an Android - based phone .
Beautiful Widgets has come to the rescue , and is now available on the Android Market .
Beautiful Widgets is actually a set of widgets that run on Google ’s free mobile Android platform , with a stylish and nice looking design inspired by the HTC interface ( Sense UI ) .
So , all those Motorola DROID owners who would kill to have Sense UI on their smartphones , now you do n’t have to ( killing is never good , you know ) .
If you own a Samsung Android - based phone , you can also get this app to work for you .
Next are the Features :
– Two nice looking flip clocks with 12 /24 hours support
– Weather with realistic icons
– Celcius and fahrenheit temperature
– Automatic language detection
– Geolocation for the weather city , or the ability to enter the city name
– Automatic sunset / sunrise calculation
– High res graphics for WVGA Devices ( such as the Motorola Droid )
– 1×1 beautiful Wifi/ Bluetooth / Plane mode / Silent / Vibrate widgets to easily enable or disable them
– 1×1 GPS widget that act as shortcut to enable or disable location in the settings .
Check below for 2 screenshots of Beautiful Widgets running on a DROID by Motorola :
The 990 is plush compared to the F800GS , but Glenn found the backrest helped .
Introduction :
Three top - notch adventure bikes , the KTM 990 Adventure BMW R1200GS Adventure and BMW F800GS , spanning the higher wavelengths of adventure ’s spectrums , light to heavy and moderately affordable to astronomical .
Still , it all comes down to this , the Dempster Highway .
Seven hundred and thirty - six kilometers of dirt , clay , mud , shale and gravel , it ’s the only all - season road in Canada to cross the Arctic Circle and go well beyond .
Calling this North America ’s last adventure highway seems an under sell .
Here you encounter corrosive calcium chloride used to hold the road together , tire slashing shale , mud so slick the locals call it black grease , potholes that will swallow half a front tire , ruts left by tractor trailers that will pull you around , gas so infrequent that planning ahead is mandatory , grizzlies the size VWs , washboard as harsh as any suspension test , weather as fickle as a titan and scenery so gorgeously impressionistic it would set Monet ’s lower lip quivering .
The Dempster is all the North ’s motorcycle challenges and romance rolled up into one easily provoked and angry package .
If you ’re lucky you ’ll catch it on a good day .
If you ’re not , you ’re us .
We ’ve reached Midway Lake , and Kevin Miklossy ( Photographer ) on the R1200GS Adventure finds himself slewing from road edge to road edge in snot - slick axle deep black grease , Glenn Simmons ( Photographer ) has long since raced off on the KTM 990 Adventure and me ?
I ’m foot down , then feet down , fighting to keep the slithering BMW F800GS upright through a construction - zone that ’s been tilled then soaked in the rain .
It makes everything we have encountered thus far feel like a walk in a muddy , wet and cold park , and to think we could have gone someplace warm …
So why come here ?
Simple , if you ’re testing adventure bikes , you need a proper adventure .
A week of homogenous weather on California ’s back roads wo n’t cut it .
Riding 12,000 km , 20 % of that being unpaved , from Vancouver to Inuvik followed by a dash through Alaska will .
It ’s not gnarly single - track , because these are the “ big ” adventure bikes , the ones people look to when taking on the world with “ second star to the left , straight on till morning ” mindset .
They ’re also the ones we receive the most “ please help me decide between ” e-mails about .
Luggage : A Sidebar on Sidebags Mud , and its progenitor rain , tests luggage for water - proofing .
Dead simple , the 41L Touratech Zega aluminum boxes we slapped on the 990 Adventure ( saving KTM ’s own luggage ) , stayed water tight , mud tight , and operable thoughout the ride .
Not so much BMW ’s cases , out of the six ( two top cases , four sidebags ) only one remained waterproof , so it would have been muddy underoos all round if we ’d trusted the watertight marketing .
The problem is that mud gets onto the seals around the rim of the bags spoiling them ; so continual proper cleaning is required .
The one bag that did remain watertight however was extremely so , we needed to pry it open with a screwdriver to break the vacuum seal after a decrease in altitude .
The other problem encountered with the BMW luggage is the latching mechanism .
Complex , these gum up with mud , unlike the simpler Touratech bags .
The locks also gummed up , especially on the F800 GS ’s sidebags , which came with easily lost or forgotten inserts for the keyholes .
Of the three bikes , only the F800GS and KTM 990 Adventure ’s luggage was “ drop tested ” thanks to soft shoulders and oversight on our part .
All the luggage took the hit well , supported the bikes and minimized the damage … making the hard cases mighty expensive frame sliders .
So we ’re on the long ride , where comfort , consumables , fuel consumption , range , wear , corrosion , and design considerations , become hugely important , and problems go from a grain of sand in the shoe irritants to end of the marathon excruciating .
Need examples ?
Which bike , fully loaded , is the easiest on and off the center stand ?
Shockingly the BMW R1200GS Adventure ( GSA ) .
But , the big BMW ’s heated vest outlet is a fall - flat detail .
Positioned under - seat below your left buttock , it ’s perfectly sensible in a road - riding context , but standing off - road you need a longer cable and in mud the GSA ’s outlet fills with grime , spoiling the connection mooting the entire heated vest exercise .
Suddenly the seemingly odd design decision of the tank top outlet on the F800GS or the dash positioned outlet on the 990 Adventure leaves you going , “ Wow !
That was really thought out , the mud does n’t get in there . ”
If we seem preoccupied with mud , it ’s because we ’d angered the weather gods and had a lot of it – over 30 days of riding only two required sunscreen .
Nor are the spirits of navigation being kind , as British Columbia is ablaze forcing us to detour around wildfires as we go .
Finally , luckily , we ’ve angered the bike gods creating a three - way comparison of pure happenstance .
At the last minute KTM could n’t provide a second 990 Adventure for the trip , and BMW stepped up with a replacement in the form of the F800GS , saving our soon to be wildfire fried bacon .
The Baseline :
Back in Vancouver , a million muddy curses ago , we received the three test bikes all within a few kms of 1500 km on the clocks , but with greatly varying usage .
Our F800GS had been abducted from BMW ’s off - road demo fleet , and been dropped repeatedly and received scratches , slightly bent off - center bars and a radiator freed from its mounts .
The drop damage gives us the F800GS ’s first fault ; on a hard impact the fairing transmits the blow to the radiator breaking the mounts .
In our F800 GS ’s case the radiator and fan shrouds pushed against the header to melt , making a strong case for drop guards .
On the plus side , we ’ve proven you can zip - tie one together and ride to the Arctic and back .
In contrast the R1200GS Adventure and KTM 990 Adventure arrived pristine , which is a shame , because they ’ll never be the same after the Dempster .
For our over - packing pleasure both BMW ’s came equipped with hard cases , two sides and one top , and knobby tires .
The KTM though was an outlier sporting road - biased Pirelli Scorpion A/T ’s rather than knobbies , and lacking a top case , so we just stacked it higher and added on a spare set of 41L Tourtek Zega cases lifted from our 640 Adventure , rather than KTM ’s stock plastic Gobi bags .
Following the maxim , “ When in doubt , bring it all . ”
On reaching Whitehorse we put all the bikes on equal footing , swapping on Continental TCK80 ’s all round at Yukon Honda , before heading out on the final road leg to the Dempster .
Continued on Next Page …
The RSPCA said the prank would have caused the sheep " great stress "
The RSPCA has hit out at pranksters who put a live sheep in a shopping trolley and wheeled it into a supermarket in south - east London .
Two youths were recorded on CCTV carrying out the prank in Bexleyheath just after 0300 GMT on Friday .
Staff at the Asda store have named the animal Rob .
It is thought to have been rustled from a farm near Gravesend in Kent .
The RSPCA said it was a " stupid , irresponsible stunt " .
Joe Lock , manager of the store , said : " We were shocked to discover that a poor sheep had been wheeled into our store . "
RSPCA inspector Andrew Kirby , who is investigating the incident , said : " We have tracked down the sheep 's owner but we can't return it to its flock for six days because of restrictions on the movement of livestock .
" This stupid , irresponsible stunt would have terrified this poor sheep and caused it great stress by removing it from its flock . "
The sheep was not physically harmed .
The maximum sentence for the crime of causing an animal unnecessary suffering is six months in prison and a £ 5,000 fine .
" Up until this year , the oldest guy we had arrested was 36 , " said sheriff 's Lt. Erik Ruble .
" We knew our guy was older , but not [ 73 ] . "
[ Updated at 7:34 p.m. :
An earlier version of this post said Scott was 74 .
Scott , who was booked on suspicion of felony vandalism , will be 74 next month . ]
Deputies involved in a saturation patrol this morning at the downtown 7th and Metro Center subway station encountered the septuagenarian suspect , later identified as 73 - year - old John Scott of Los Angeles , as he was putting slap tags in one of the main stairwells at the transit hub .
For the last seven months , deputies assigned to the Special Problems Unit of the Sheriff 's Transit Bureau have been trying to determine the identity of an " older " vandal who had been placing orange and black " Who Is John Scott ? " stickers on buses in Baldwin Hills and other areas concentrated on the Westside of Los Angeles .
Calling him the oldest tagging suspect they have ever captured , Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputies arrested a 73 - year - old Los Angeles man for allegedly putting " slap tags " on the inside of Metropolitan Transportation Authority buses .
Ruble said Scott was caught with stickers in his pockets as well as a black brief case , which appears to be similar to a case that is pictured on the whoisjohnscott.com website .
Investigators said they were not sure how long Scott had been vandalizing buses or the particulars of his life story .
But Ruble said deputies believe Scott was driven to tag by the same motivation as his younger cohorts : " fame and notoriety . "
" It just goes to show , the graffiti culture in Los Angeles is not age - specific and is very diverse , " Ruble said .
Seven months ago , deputies began noticing " Who Is John Scott ? " stickers being placed on light poles , bus benches and even on the seats of the MTA buses themselves .
Ruble said many of the stickers are hard to get to and required dismantling equipment to remove .
With a little research they found that their vandal had created a website selling the mystery of his identity as well as T - shirts , baseball caps and the slap tags .
" Who am I ? John Scott -- world traveler , entrepreneur , producer , but , above all , mystery -- an ordinary man with an extraordinary idea of himself , " read a description above a picture of a man dressed in black , his face hidden and a question mark over it .
" A real person with a real history , he is also you and me , the face in the window , the voice on the bus . "
" The mystery exists no more , " Ruble said .
-- Andrew Blankstein
Photo : Tagging suspect John Scott .
Credit : Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Personal data of Cal Poly Pomona applicants inadvertently put online
Metrolink board delays decision on fare hike after thousands protest
Scores of O.C. teens picked up in ' scared straight ' curfew sweep
U.S. Forest Service report : Station fire terrain too steep to fight safely
published a list of my facebook friends , along with those of other critics of the site like Barry Ritholtz , Dan Colarusso , Dave Kansas , David Einhorn , Eric Savitz , Henry Blodget , Jeff Matthews , Joe Nocera , Joe Weisenthal , John Carney , John Hempton , Paul Kedrosky , and Sam Antar . " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
The sleazy anti-shorting crowd at Deep Capture has published a list of my facebook friends , along with those of other critics of the site like Barry Ritholtz , Dan Colarusso , Dave Kansas , David Einhorn , Eric Savitz , Henry Blodget , Jeff Matthews , Joe Nocera , Joe Weisenthal , John Carney , John Hempton , Paul Kedrosky , and Sam Antar .
First , I ’d like to apologize to the friends whose names were published .
But it ’s not my fault , it ’s Facebook’s .
Here ’s their privacy policy :
Certain categories of information such as your name , profile photo , list of friends and pages you are a fan of , gender , geographic region , and networks you belong to are considered publicly available to everyone , including Facebook - enhanced applications , and therefore do not have privacy settings .
I ’m a semi-public figure , and although I might not be happy with this kind of cyberstalking , I know I ’ve put myself out there and that there will be consequences of that .
But that decision of mine should n’t have some kind of transitive property which feeds through to my personal friends , and I do n’t want the list of their names to be publicly available to everyone .
There ’s one thing I can do which makes retrieving this list a bit harder : I can restrict the list of people who see my name in search results when they ’re searching for me .
But the whole point of having a Facebook page is so that old friends can find me : I do n’t want to be hard to find .
I just do n’t want people who find me to automatically thereby find my list of friends as well .
My friends deserve more privacy than that .
Update : Maybe it is possible after all .
Thank you to Heidi Moore , who showed me this trick : if you click on “ Profile ” at the top of the page , you ’ll see a box of “ Friends ” in the left - hand column .
That has a pencil in it ; click on that , and then uncheck the box saying “ Show my friends on my profile ” .
It ’s got to help , anyway .
Update 2 : This is n’t a perfect solution , by any means .
Heidi adds :
This is the question posed by Steve Cofield at Yahoo !
Sports :
How much damage does a fight like Matt Mitrione versus Scott Junk do with a casual fan who 's giving the sport a try for the first time ?
They beat the snot out of each other and took massive shots , but they were exhausted three minutes into the fight .
Maybe that 's why the Kimbo fight was on Episode three , this way Spike / UFC could avoid a massive audience of new fans seeing the embarrassing lack of conditioning on display .
While clearly I 've had issues with some of Cofields work in the past I am completely on board with him in wondering what the impact of the show on casual minds is at this point .
While I still enjoy the show it certainly is n't because the fights are great or really for any reason other than I 'm a man who enjoys a little " junk food TV " now and then .
Hardcore fans like those that write for and read this site are able to discern between the legitimate high level competition in the UFC and the worse - than - awful mess that have been the TUF fights this season .
However , the casual observer is going to tune in to watch the show and see a fight like Mitrione vs.
Junk and then see the UFC President lauding it as a tremendous war and possibly leave with the impression that this is what those in charge of the sport view as the pinnacle of competition .
Really , the most damaging thing about last night 's episode is White 's behavior .
He seems so desperate to see two guys throwing haymakers and eating clean shots that the context in which it happens becomes unimportant .
Griffin / Bonnar was a watershed moment for the sport , it represented two truly skilled fighters who were fighting to achieve a place in the biggest promotion in the world .
Sure it was sloppy , but it had drama and it had meaning .
A fight like we got last night was not the mark of two fighters who were so desperate to achieve their dreams that they were abandoning reasonable technique in favor of " going to war " it was simply two fighters who were desperate due to limited skillsets and poor physical conditioning .
While we as hardcore fans can understand that this fight was nearly as bad as it gets in MMA , the casual fan is only going to see Dana White gushing over two men winging arm punches in between long periods of sucking all the air out of the room and wonder if this is truly as good as it gets .
The heavy stigma a criminal arrest carries with it is a lot to shoulder , but you do n’t have to do it alone .
You may not get the presumption of innocence you deserve , from your community or the officials whose duty it is to help you .
Criminal Defense Attorney David Tarr has been working in the Judicial system in Columbia SC for over twenty years , and will stand beside you every step of the way .
Whether you 're charged with DUI , a criminal offense , or a juvenile crime in South Carolina , he 'll defend your rights .
Just one look at David Tarr 's many 5 star reviews and testimonials will assure you that he 's the lawyer you want on your side in Columbia SC .
Round One of September PPMs Released .
The first of four rounds of ratings data from Nielsen Audio has been released for 12 markets including : New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , San Francisco , Dallas , Houston , Atlanta , Philadelphia , Nassau - Suffolk ( Long Island ) , Riverside - San Bernardino - Ontario , San Jose , and Middlesex - Somerset - Union ( New Jersey ) .
Nielsen ’s September 2020 survey period covered August 13 – September 9 .
You can see all the 6 + numbers from subscribing stations here .
Meanwhile , TALKERS magazine managing editor Mike Kinosian presents his Ratings Takeaways from this batch of markets .
iHeartMedia ’s news / talk WOR is the only spoken - word commercial station to notch a sizable increase over its August weekly AHQ share number , rising a half share to finish with a 2.3 share and the # 17 rank in the market .
iHeartMedia ’s news / talk KFI , Los Angeles tacks on one - tenth to wrap the September survey with a 4.0 share and the # 5 rank .
In Chicago , Nexstar Media ’s news / talk WGN falls a half share to post a 3.1 share and dipping to the # 11 rank while Entercom ’s crosstown all - news WBBM - AM / WFCS -FM sheds nine - tenths for a 6.4 share and slides to the # 2 rank after holding on to # 1 for the past seven PPM surveys .
See Mike Kinosian ’s complete Ratings Takeaways report here .
FOX News Channel ’s ‘ Hannity ’ Top Cable News / Talk Show .
According to a report by The Hill , FOX News Channel ’s “ Hannity ” finished the recent July - August - September quarter as the most - watched cable news / talk program averaging approximately 4.45 million viewers , based on data from Nielsen Media Research .
FNC ’s “ Tucker Carlson Tonight ” came in second with 4.35 million viewers , followed by FOX ’s “ The Five ” with 3.48 million , and “ The Ingraham Angle ” with 3.43 million viewers .
The piece notes that the ratings period was marked by a heavy news cycle that included the ongoing COVID - 19 pandemic , the national political conventions , the civil unrest , and the presidential race .
As a result , FOX News Channel beat out legacy broadcast networks ABC , CBS , and NBC in total viewers for the first time and became the most - watched network on television during the quarter .
NYPost : Carton and WFAN Very Close to a Deal .
The New York Post ’s Andrew Marchand is reporting that Entercom ’s WFAN , New York “ The Fan ” and former “ Fan ” morning personality ( and convicted fraudster ) Craig Carton have been in regular talks about his return and that a formal offer is expected to be made by the station “ by the end of the week . ”
Marchand says the offer is to host the afternoon drive program but that it ’s not a done deal yet .
The Post has also reported that Carton has a legitimate offer on the table from Beasley Media Group ’s WPEN - FM , “ 97.5 The Fanatic ” to host morning drive there .
Currently , WFAN afternoons are being hosted by former midday team Evan Roberts and Joe Benigno .
At WPEN -FM , Marc Farzetta hosts the morning drive show .
DYNAMIC DUO EXCLUSIVE !
“ Cousin ” Bruce Morrow and John Catsimatidis Are This Week ’s Guests on Harrison Podcast .
Radio enthusiasts wo n’t want to miss this brand - new audio gem !
Legendary music radio personality “ Cousin ” Bruce Morrow and WABC , New York owner John Catsimatidis are this week ’s guests on the award - winning PodcastOne series , “ The Michael Harrison Interview . ” Morrow ( also known as “ Cousin Brucie ” ) is one of the last of his generation still standing .
He is the quintessential heritage disc jockey who has been a major on - the - air radio figure in New York City through several golden eras since 1959 , performing on such storied stations as WINS , WABC , WNBC and WCBS -FM and , until recently , across the nation on SiriusXM Satellite Radio .
Just a few weeks ago , to the delight of his multi-generational legion of fans , he was hired to host a Saturday evening music show on WABC , the station where he played to millions back in the 1960s and early 1970s during the heyday of his magnificent career .
The other member of this dynamic duo , Catsimatidis is a well - connected radio lover and big business heavyweight whose Red Apple Media purchased WABC – now a news / talk outlet – from Cumulus Media late last year .
He ’s a prominent New York City - based , self - made mogul and syndicated radio talk show host involved in an array of industries that , in addition to communications , includes supermarkets , energy , and real estate development .
He ’s also a former and potential future New York City mayoral candidate .
The result is a free - wheeling conversation that covers radio , music , politics , several surprises and the New York state of mind – an instant classic .
To listen to the podcast in its entirety , please click here or click on the player box marked “ The Michael Harrison Interview ” located in the right - hand column on every page of Talkers.com .
Former Entercom / CBS Radio Exec Andy Bloom Gaining Traction as Political Writer / Commentator – Available for Interviews About Mail - in Voting Issue .
After a long career as an accomplished radio programming , research and management executive , Andy Bloom has been finding traction lately as a political writer and talk media guest discussing the hot issues .
Following a colorful career that most recently included serving as OM for Entercom ’s three - station cluster in Minneapolis - St. Paul – WCCO - AM , KMNB-FM , and KZJK - FM – and prior to that , nine years as OM for CBS Radio in Philadelphia overseeing news / talk WPHT and sports / talk WIP , as well as EVP at Coleman Research and VP for radio programming at Greater Media , Bloom currently runs his own media research and consulting firm , Andy Bloom Communications , based out of Minneapolis .
Since 2015 , he has also developed a growing following as a writer of political and public policy articles for Newsmax Media .
His latest research and analytical piece delves into the issues and complexities surrounding the mail - in ballot controversy .
Read it here .
The piece contains information of value about the issue to talk show hosts and Bloom has begun doing bookings on the subject and is available to do more .
He can be contacted via email at andy@andybloom.com or by phone at 612-644-4737 .
Gen Media Partners Forms IBA Radio Sales .
The Independent Broadcasters Association and Gen Media Partners announce the formation of the new national sales and marketing team exclusively for IBA members called IBA Radio Sales .
Gen Media Partners CEO
Kevin Garrity says , “ This is an incredible opportunity for Gen Media Partners and for IBA member stations .
Gen Media Partners was built on the strength of independent broadcasters and creating IBA Radio Sales is a natural extension of that .
Uniting as members of the Independent Broadcasters Association , owners and operators retain their independence while gaining the advantages of scale , allowing them to compete more effectively with large corporations .
I encourage every independent broadcaster to contact [ IBA president ]
Ron [ Stone ] about joining IBA to take advantage of the significant benefits that membership provides , including the IBA Radio Sales national platform .
We look forward to growing as the IBA grows in membership and scope . ”
Stone comments , “ IBA membership has been growing exponentially .
To date , we have 900 members and more stations are joining every day .
The number one request from prospective IBA members from our survey , conducted a few weeks ago while we were gauging interest for an IBA , was ‘ we want our own rep firm . ’
This opportunity with Gen Media Partners , known for successfully representing independent broadcasters in all size markets , is the ideal national sales partner to represent IBA member stations with this creation of a rep firm dedicated solely to IBA members .
Our goal is for every independent operator to join IBA and reap the benefits of being represented by IBA Radio Sales .
The board and I are very excited about working with Gen Media Partners to build our national sales platform and the opportunities IBA Radio Sales will bring to our members . ”
TALKERS News Notes .
The broadcast studio for Entercom ’s sports talk WXYT - FM , Detroit is being named “ The Samuelsen Studio ” in honor of the station ’s late air personality Jamie Samuelsen , who died on August 1 after a year - and - a - half battle with colon cancer .
Entercom Detroit SVP and market manager Debbie Kenyon says , “ Jamie meant so much to our station and was a key part of our listeners lives .
We want to honor him in a special way , not only as a great broadcaster , but an extraordinary person .
We hope the renaming of the studio will serve as a way to keep his memory alive and add to his incredible legacy here in Detroit . ” ….. Radio America ’s nationally syndicated “ Chad Benson Show ” is added to the program schedule at Alpha Media ’s news / talk KXL - FM , Portland in the 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm slot .
KXL joins recently added affiliate stations KTAR -FM , Phoenix ; KSTE-AM , Sacramento ; WOKV-FM , Jacksonville ; WIBC -FM , Indianapolis ; and more ….. Cumulus Media ’s Westwood
One drops the first episode of its seven - part podcast series titled , “ 5 - 4 , ” that addresses the Supreme Court ’s role in the November presidential election .
The show is hosted by by legal commentators Peter ( better known as Twitter ’s @ The_Law_Boy ) , Rhiannon ( @AywaRhiannon ) , and Michael( @_FleerUltra ) .
The first episode focuses on nominee Amy Coney Barrett .
Other topics will include : the electoral college , gerrymandering , and campaign finance ….. iHeartMedia unveils a new iHeartRadio Original Podcast called “ The Ten News ” targeted to kids ages 8 – 12 and hosted by comedian and storyteller Bethany Van Delft .
The podcast is produced by Small But Mighty Media and Next Chapter Podcasts .
Van Delft says , “ I ’m excited to be part of a show that ’s not only cool and fun to listen to but speaks to kids as smart and curious people .
‘ The Ten News ’ helps amplify kids ’ voices and empowers them to take action . ” ….. SiriusXM will air a new weekly show , “ Forward Progress , ” across several of its channels .
The program focuses on race , society and sports and is co-hosted by SiriusXM ’s Jason Jackson and Kirk Morrison .
SiriusXM adds that the show will address “ the continuing push for racial equality and justice – from the pioneering civil rights efforts of athletes like Muhammad Ali , Jim Brown , and Bill Russell to the historic recent player protests and the groundswell of support for today ’s Black Lives Matter movement across sports leagues .
They will be joined by guests from around the sports world each week , including current and former players who are using their influence as public figures to create change , to discuss what more needs to be done . ” ….. Pictured below is KIDO , Boise morning drive host Kevin Miller hosting his presidential debate watch party .
More than 500 people attended the event at the Terrace Drive - In in Caldwell , Idaho .
Entercom and Clark Atlanta University Announce Partnership .
This relationship between Clark Atlanta University and Entercom Atlanta will “ provide students a unique and unprecedented opportunity to gain access to one of the nation ’s leading media and entertainment companies .
The partnership will expose students to top representatives in programming , sales , administration , and on - air talent , among others .
Additionally , it will create a pipeline for future job opportunities . ”
The initiative launches tonight ( 9/30 ) with a private , virtual event for students .
Entercom chairman , president and CEO David Field will also attend .
CAU president Dr. George T. French says , “ This is an exciting opportunity for our scholars .
Partnerships with media conglomerates such as Entercom are a continuation of Clark Atlanta University ’s Mass Media Arts Department ’s legacy and dedication to ensuring our students are prepared and globally competitive in the communications industry . ”
Entercom Atlanta SVP and market manager Rick Caffey comments , “ This partnership with Clark Atlanta University builds on our focus to create a more inclusive and diverse team and workplace .
We ’re excited to share our resources and insights in the form of real - world learning , beginning with this first virtual event on the future of audio . ”
The Presidential Race / Tuesday ’s Debate , COVID - 19 Stats & Projections , Amy Coney Barrett Nomination , BLM Movement / Breonna Taylor Case , Stimulus Deal , Jobless Numbers - The Economy , and California Wildfires Among Top News / Talk Stories Yesterday ( 9/29 ) .
The November presidential election and Tuesday night ’s first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden ; the number of confirmed COVID - 19 deaths and cases , the rising number in the Midwest , and projections for fall - winter outbreaks ; the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court ; the Black Lives Matter movement and the protests in various U.S. cities , as well as the grand jury process in the Breonna Taylor case ; negotiations between Nancy Pelosi and Steve Mnuchin for a new stimulus deal ; the U.S. jobless statistics and economic indicators ; and the status of the deadly California wildfires were some of the most - talked - about stories on news / talk radio yesterday , according to ongoing research from TALKERS magazine .
Music Radio News and Career Moves .
WPOC -FM , Baltimore morning show personality Laurie DeYoung celebrated her 35th anniversary hosting the program on the iHeartMedia country station .
The station says DeYoung “ has been a staple of the Baltimore radio scene throughout her career since she began broadcasting on WPOC in 1985 .
Laurie has interviewed many country music icons over the years , including Dolly Parton , Luke Bryan , Carrie Underwood and more .
For more than three decades , she has also maintained an unmatchable relationship with her local listeners , country music industry tastemakers and artists . ”
DeYoung was inducted into the Country Radio Hall of Fame in 2010 and named CMA Large Market Personality of 1994 and CMA Major Market Personality in 2014 ….. Beasley Media Group announces that the new “ MJ Morning Show ” on 80s hits - formatted WRBQ , Tampa Bay will include MJ ’s former co-hosts Froggy and Fester , plus new addition Roxanne Wilder .
MJ , a .k.a.
Todd Schnitt , says , “ I ’m ecstatic to bring the ‘ MJ Morning Show ’ back to Tampa Bay on the world famous ‘ Q105 . ’
I love morning radio , and with Fester , Froggy , and Roxanne , we ’ll provide must - listen content every day . ” ….. Entercom Riverside is inviting listeners to remember those who lost their lives in the mass shooting at the 2017 Route 91 Harvest Festival .
To honor the 58 lives lost and the survivors who still live with the trauma , country KFRG - FM “ K - FROG ” is hosting a virtual candlelight vigil via Facebook Live .
The event will also include a reading of the victims ’ names tomorrow night ( 10/1 ) at 8:00 pm PT ….. Cumulus Media names Chad Heritage program director for country WGKX - FM , Memphis “ KIX 106 ” and for adult contemporary WKIM -FM , Memphis “ 98.9 The Bridge . ”
Heritage joins Cumulus Memphis from iHeartMedia where he was national brand coordinator since 2009 and SVP of programming for iHeartMedia , Little Rock since 2006 .
Cumulus Memphis VP / market manager Morgan Bohannon says , “ We knew Chad was a good match the first time we talked to him .
He ’s from the region , has had a very successful programming career and is the perfect fit to lead one of America ’s best country brands with ‘ KIX - 106 . ’
He ’s just the perfect fit for us and we ’re excited about his joining the Cumulus team in Memphis . ” ….. Key Networks enters into an exclusive partnership agreement with Clear Media Network to manage all network advertising sales and network advertiser inventory operations for the new 24/7 music radio network .
Dallas - based Clear Media Network was launched on September 1 , 2020 , and offers AC , country and adult R&B formats that are “ uniquely positioned , formatted and dynamically programmed for the unique needs of the independent radio operator . ”
Yahoo finally shuttered Geocities today .
Acquired in 1999 , Geocities was one of the costliest dot - com duds of of all time : $ 3.5 billion for an ugly , cash - bleeding homepage hosting service .
And to think Google 's founders were simultaneously begging server funds .
Yahoo had a shot at acquiring or investing in Google before purchasing Geocities ; according to John Batelle 's The Search , Google 's co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin approached Yahoo in 1997 or 1998 , but Yahoo passed .
Page and Brin were becoming desperate for resources — they had scrounged far more than their fair share of excess servers , hard drives and bandwidth belonging to Stanford University — so on the advice of a professor they turned to Sun co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim :
Brin sent Bechtolsheim an e-mail late one night requesting a sit- down , and Bechtolsheim answered immediately .
He suggested meeting the next morning at eight o'clock ...
They agreed to meet , on the porch of [ a mutual friend 's ]
Palo Alto home ...
[ Page : ]
" We did a demo , and Andy asked a lot of questions .
[ Then ] he said : ' Well , I do n't want to waste time .
I 'm sure it 'll help you guys if I just write a check . ' "
... When Bechtolsheim went out to his car to get his checkbook , they pondered how much to ask for and at what valuation ...
" We told him our valuation and he said , ' Oh , I do n't think that 's enough , I think it should be twice that much ... ' "
Minutes later , Page and Brin had a check for $ 100,000 .
This happened in late 1998 , right around the time Yahoo would have been negotiating its Geocities boondoggle , which was consummated in January 1999 .
To think the company could have had Google for a song .
Google users should be glad Yahoo did n't —
Yahoo's bumbling managers probably would have run Google.com into the ground .
Twitter investor Fred Wilson should be glad , too : the Geocities deal earned his venture capital firm a hundredfold return .
Anchor : #i1001154 Section 2 : Curves and Turns Anchor : #i1001159 Introduction Warning signs are intended to improve curve safety by alerting the driver to a change in geometry that may not be apparent or expected .
These signs notify drivers of the change through the use of one or more curve warning signs identified in the Texas Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices ( TMUTCD ) .
Drivers may also be notified of the need to reduce their speed through the use of a W13 - 1 ADVISORY SPEED plaque .
When one or more warning signs are used at a horizontal curve , the curve advisory speed and other curve related traffic control devices should be checked periodically to ensure that they are appropriate for the prevailing conditions .
Changes in the regulatory speed limit , curve geometry , or crash history may justify the conduct of an engineering study to reevaluate the appropriateness of the existing signs and posted advisory speed .
Anchor : #CHDBFBIC Objective
An important objective in horizontal curve signing is having a uniform and consistent display of advisory speed on curves of similar geometry , character ( e.g. , sight distance , intersection presence , etc. ) , and road surface condition .
As stated in the TMUTCD , “ uniformity of the meaning of traffic control devices is vital to their effectiveness ” ( Section 1A.02 ) .
It further describes the benefits of uniformity in the following statement .
“ Uniformity of devices simplifies the task of the road user because it aids in recognition and understanding , thereby reducing perception / reaction time .
Uniformity means treating similar situations in a similar way . ” ( Section 1A.06 ) .
The uniform application of a traffic control device allows drivers to develop an expectation that leads to the correct interpretation of device message .
In this manner , a uniformly applied advisory speed will be more likely to be understood and respected by drivers .
Research indicates that the historically inconsistent use of curve warning signs , especially those with an advisory speed plaque , may have lessened the average motorist ’s respect for the message the signs convey .
On familiar highways , drivers have come to learn that they can comfortably exceed the advisory speed for most curves .
The concern is that these drivers may occasionally travel on roadways that are less familiar to them and where the advisory speed is posted at the maximum safe speed .
These drivers may find themselves traveling too fast for conditions and experience uncomfortable side forces .
In extreme cases , they may lose control of the vehicle and slide off the roadway .
Anchor : #i1001236 Methods to Establish Curve Warning Advisory Speeds
Three methods for establishing curve warning advisory speeds are described in this section .
Any one of the following three methods can be used to determine the curve advisory speed .
Direct Method ,
Global Positioning System ( GPS ) Method , and
Design Method .
Issues with Ball - Bank Indicator .
Historically , the ball - bank indicator has been used to establish the curve advisory speed .
However , this device is susceptible to forces that are not a result of road curvature ( e.g. , bounce due to rough pavement , jerk due to steering corrections , slip due to variation in pavement friction supply , etc. ) .
These forces come and go while traveling along the curve and cause the ball - bank indicator to produce readings that can vary randomly by several degrees .
All too often , one of these random peak readings is mistakenly used as the basis for determining the advisory speed .
This characteristic of the ball - bank indicator is one reason that advisory speed is not uniform among curves of similar geometry .
For this reason , the three methods described in this section are not based on a specific threshhold ball - bank reading ( e.g. , 10 degrees ) .
The methods are based on the same criteria and will provide a uniform and consistent display of advisory speed among curves , regardless of which method is used .
For all three methods , the advisory speed is defined as the average speed of free - flowing trucks .
Steps for implementing each method are described later in this section .
The Direct Method is based on the field measurement of curve speed .
The GPS Method is based on a single - pass survey using a GPS receiver and software to compute the curve radius and deflection angle .
The Design Method is useful when the radius and deflection angle are available from as - built plans .
Compliance Period .
In order to allow the districts ample time to acquire the necessary equipment to perform one of the three methods described in this section , the ball - bank method may be used to determine the advisory speed of curves until January 1 , 2013 .
The steps for determining the advisory speed using a ball - bank indicator will remain in this section until the compliance date of January 1 , 2013 has passed .
After that date , curve advisory speed signs installed on the state highway system shall be established by one of the methods described in this section .
All existing curve advisory speed signs shall be verified to be in compliance with any one of the three methods described in this section ( and changed if necessary ) by a target compliance date of January 1 , 2015 .
Anchor : #i1001258 Direct Method The Direct Method is based on the field measurement of vehicle speeds on the subject curve .
The procedure for implementing the Direct Method consists of three steps .
During the first step , speed measurements are taken in the field .
During the second step , the measurements are used to compute the advisory speed .
During the last step , the recommended advisory speed is confirmed through a field trial run .
Each of these steps is described in the remainder of this subsection .
Step 1 : Field Measurements .
Measure the speed of 125 or more free - flowing passenger cars at about the middle of the curve in one direction of travel .
Normal speed checks should be discontinued after two hours if radar is used or after four hours if a traffic counter that classifies vehicles by type is used even if 125 cars have not been timed .
A free - flowing vehicle will be at least 3 seconds behind the previous vehicle .
A radar speed meter can be used for this purpose .
Repeat the measurements for the opposing direction of travel if the road is divided or if conditions suggest the need for separate consideration of each curve travel direction .
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent of 600 feet or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , each curve should be surveyed separately in this step .
Compute the arithmetic average of the measured speeds for each direction of travel at each curve studied .
Also , compute the 85th percentile speed for each direction and curve .
Step 2 : Determine Advisory Speed .
Multiply each of the average speeds from Step 1 by 0.97 to obtain an estimate of the average truck speed for each direction of travel .
The advisory speed for each direction of travel is then computed by first adding 1.0 mph to the corresponding average and then rounding the sum down to the nearest 5 mph increment .
This technique yields a conservative estimate of the advisory speed by effectively rounding curve speeds that end in 4 or 9 up to the next higher 5 mph increment , while rounding all other speeds down .
For example , applying this rounding technique to a curve speed of 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , or 58 mph yields an advisory speed of 55 mph .
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent oof 600 ft .
or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , each curve should be evaluated separately in this step .
The advisory speed plaque should show the value for the curve having the lowest advisory speed in the series .
Step 3 : Confirm Speed for Conditions .
During this step , the appropriateness of the advisory speed determined in Step 2 is evaluated .
As an initial task , the need for an advisory speed plaque is checked .
A representative 85th percentile on tangent sections of the roadway is needed for this check .
It can be measured using the procedure described in Step 1 or estimated from the regulatory speed limit .
If it is measured , the point of measurement should be at least 8 seconds travel time from any curve in either direction .
The 85th percentile tangent speed and the 85th percentile curve speed ( from Step 1 ) are used with Figure 5 - 2 to determine the need for an advisory speed plaque .
Figure 5 - 2 . Guidelines for determining the need for an advisory speed plaque .
A second task involves a field evaluation of curve conditions .
The evaluation includes consideration of the following factors .
driver approach site distance to the beginning of the curve ,
visibility around the curve ,
unexpected geometric features within the curve , and
position of the most critical curve in a sequence of closely spaced curves .
The unexpected geometric features noted in the third bullet may include : presence of an intersection ,
presence of a sharp crest curve in the middle of the horizontal curve ,
sharp curves with changing radius ( including curves with spiral transitions ) ,
sharp curves after a long tangent section , and
broken back curves .
A final task involves a test run through the curve while traveling at the advisory speed determined in Step 2 .
The engineer may choose to adjust the advisory speed or modify the warning sign layout based on consideration of the aforementioned factors .
The advisory speed for one direction of travel through the curve may differ from that for the other direction .
Anchor : #i1001283 GPS
Method
The GPS Method is based on the field measurement of curve geometry .
The geometric data are then used with a speed prediction model to compute the average speed of trucks .
This speed then becomes the basis for establishing the advisory speed .
The procedure for implementing the GPS Method consists of three steps .
During the first step , measurements are taken in the field while traveling along the curve .
During the second step , the measurements are used to compute the advisory speed .
During the last step , the recommended advisory speed is confirmed through a field trial run .
Each of these steps is described in the remainder of this section .
To ensure reasonable accuracy in the model estimates using this method , the curve deflection angle should be 6 degrees or more .
A curve with a smaller deflection angle will rarely justify curve warning signs or an advisory speed plaque .
Equipment .
The equipment used includes the following : GPS receiver ,
electronic ball bank indicator ( optional ) , and
laptop computer .
The GPS receiver is used to estimate curve radius and deflection angle .
The electronic ball bank indicator is optional , and is used to estimate superelevation rate .
If an electronic ball - bank indicator is not used , then superelevation rate will need to be estimated using other means .
The computer is used to run the Texas Roadway Analysis and Measurement Software ( TRAMS ) program .
This program is designed to monitor the GPS receiver and the electronic ball - bank indicator while the test vehicle is driven along the curve .
After the curve is traversed , TRAMS calculates curve radius and superelevation rate from the data streams .
Advisory speed and traffic control device selection guidelines can be determined using the radius and superelevation rate estimates with the Texas Curve Advisory Speed ( TCAS ) spreadsheet .
The TRAMS software , TCAS spreadsheet , and a TRAMS Installation Manual are available from the Traffic Operations Division ( TRF ) .
Installation .
The following activities must be completed the first timeTRAMS is installed on the computer .
More details are provided in the TRAMS Installation Manual .
Install the driver for the GPS receiver .
If the electronic ball - bank indicator is used , an adapter may be needed to convert the RS - 232 connection into a USB connection .
Install the driver for this adapter .
Install TRAMS ( a copy of TCAS will also be installed in the TRAMS file directory ) .
Equipment Setup .
The following activities must be completed prior to using the equipment to establish the advisory speed for one or more curves .
Mount the GPS receiver and electronic ball - bank indicator ( if used ) on the dashboard in a fixed position .
These devices should not be able to move during the test runs .
Figures 5 - 3 abd 5 - 4 show the devices mounted on the dashboard and secured using adhesive tape .
Figure 5 - 3 . Equipment setup in test vehicle - laptop positioning .
Figure 5 - 4 . Equipment setup in test vehicle - GPS positioning .
If an electronic ball - bank indicator is used , activate its auto - leveling feature with the test vehicle parked on level pavement .
Do this under the same vehicle loading and tire inflation conditions that will be present during the test runs .
With the laptop on , click on the TRAMS icon to launch TRAMS .
TRAMS will initially connect with the two devices .
It will then present the main panel , as shown in Figure 5 - 5 .
Verify that TRAMS is receiving valid data from the GPS receiver .
Information about the status of this device is located in the upper right corner of the main panel , as shown in Figure 5 - 5 .
A red circle indicates invalid ( bad ) data .
A green circle indicates valid ( good ) data .
Figure 5 - 5 . TRAMS main panel .
If the electronic ball - bank indicator ( BBI ) is used , verify that TRAMS is receiving valid data from it .
A red square indicates invalid ( bad ) data .
A green square indicates valid ( good ) data .
If valid data are not being received by one or both of the devices , check the following conditions :
Are the devices turned on and properly connected to the laptop computer ?
Is the GPS receiver blocked from obtaining good satelite reception ?
Structures ( bridges , garage roofs , buildings , etc. ) or dense tree coverage may make it difficult to maintain GPS reception .
Has TRAMS been configured with the proper port numbers for the devices ?
This can usually be accomplished by selecting the “ Automatic ” mode in the Configure Devices panel ( from the main panel , select File , Configuration Settings , Configure Devices ) .
If used , the electronic ball - bank indicator ( “ Reiker Device ” ) must also be enabled in this panel ( i.e. , select Enabled in the Rieker box ) .
If any settings are changed in the Configure Devices panel , the Save Configuration File option should be selected to save all settings to the file ( in which case they will be loaded and used each time TRAMS is launched ) .
Step 1 . Field Measurements .
Before beginning a test run , enter the curve number and highway name in their respective fields provided on the main panel ( see Figure 5 - 5 ) .
Repeat the measurements for the opposing direction of travel if the road is divided or if conditions suggest the need for separate consideration of each curve travel direction .
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent of 600 ft .
or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , each curve should be surveyed separately in this step .
Speed Limit .
If the 85th percentile tangent speed is not known , note the regulatory speed limit on the roadway where the curve is located .
The speed limit can subsequently be used in TCAS to estimate the 85th percentile tangent speed .
Test Run Speed .
The following rules - of - thumb should be considered when selecting the test run speed .
The test run speed should be at least 10 mph below the existing curve advisory speed provided that the resulting test run speed is not less than 15 mph .
If superelevation rate is being measured , test runs should be conducted at 45 mph or less , with slower speeds considered desirable in terms of yielding more accurate estimates of superelevation .
In general , a slower test run speed will improve accuracy in measurement by minimizing tire slip and allowing the driver to track the curve accurately .
Measurement Procedure .
The following task sequence describes the field measurement procedure as it would be used to evaluate one direction of travel through the subject curve .
Measurement error and possible differences in superelevation rate between the two directions of travel typically justify repeating this procedure for the opposing direction .
Only one test run should be required in each direction .
When the test vehicle is 1 or 2 seconds travel time in advance of the beginning of the curve , press the space bar or click the large button on the TRAMS main panel .
This action will start the data collection process .
Precise location of the beginning of the curve is not required .
A reasonable estimate of its location , based on the analyst ’s judgement , will suffice .
While driving through the curve , track the centerline of the roadway as carefully as possible .
This process will provide an accurate survey of the intended travel path .
The analyst should avoid “ cutting the corner ” of sharp curves .
The analyst should also avoid letting the vehicle drift to the outside of the lane while traveling along the curve .
When the test vehicle is 1 or 2 seconds travel time beyond the end of the curve , press the space bar or click the large button a second time to stop recording curve data .
Precise location of the end of the curve is not required .
A reasonable estimate of its location , based on the analyst ’s judgement , will suffice .
Save the File .
When asked whether a curve report file should be saved , indicate “ Yes ” by pressing Enter ( or clicking on the Yes button ) .
Alternatively , indicate “ No ” if it is believed that the curve was not accurately measured during the test run ( e.g. , the driver did not accurately track the curve , or the data recording was not started and stopped at the appropriate times ) .
CAUTION : If the curve has the same number as a curve that was previously evaluated , the new file will overwrite the file from the previous curve .
Optional Check When Superelevation Rate is Measured .
At the conclusion of the test run , the 95th percentile error range for superelevation rate is provided in the curve report file .
It can be checked to confirm that the estimated value is reasonably precise .
If this range exceeds 3 percent , repeat the test run at a lower speed .
If the aforementioned test - run - speed rules - of - thumb were followed , then this check should not be needed .
The curve report file can be accessed from the main panel by selecting File , Open Curve Report , and selecting the appropriate “ log ” file .
The file will be named “ Curve - XX - Rpt. Log , ” where XX will be replaced by the curve number entered on the main panel before the start of the test run .
Once the file is selected , select Open and the file will be opened in Notepad , a text editor provided with Windows® .
Step 2 . Determine Advisory Speed .
Two options are available for determining the advisory speed .
One option is based on a review of the survey data in the field .
The second option is based on a review of the survey data in the office , following the survey of all curves of interest .
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent of 600 ft .
or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , each curve should be evaluated separately in this step .
The advisory speed plaque should show the value for the curve having the lowest advisory speed in the series .
Option 1 : In - Field Determination .
This option is performed in the field .
The data from the most recent test run is exported directly to TCAS .
This action is accomplished from the main panel by selecting File , Export to TCAS .
At this point , TCAS will load .
The analyst will need to click on the “ Import TRAM Data ” button in TCAS to import the test run data into TCAS .
This button is shown in the upper left corner of Figure 5 - 6 .
The analyst will also need to enter the 85th percentile speed in TCAS in the second to last row of the Input Data section .
Alternatively , the analyst can enter the speed limit in the Alternate Input Data section and let TCAS compute an estimate of 85th percentile speed .
As shown in Figure 5 - 6 , TCAS allows the entry of data for up to six test runs , one column for each test run .
The imported data are always placed in the same TCAS column ( i.e. , the left column ) .
If the analyst wants to save any data in this column , then he or she should copy and paste the data to another column in TCAS ( or another spreadsheet ) and save the file .
Exit TCAS ( and Excel ) after importing and evaluating the data for a given curve .
Figure 5 - 6 . TCAS main panel .
Option 2 : In Office Determination .
This option is performed back in the office .
The curve report file for each curve is opened in Notepad and printed by selecting File , Print .
There is one report for each unique curve number entered in TRAMS .
The data on a report is typed into TCAS and the appropriate advisory speed determined .
Instructions for opening a curve report file were provided in the previous step .
Step 3 : Confirm Speed for Conditions .
During this step , the appropriateness of the advisory speed determined in Step 2 is evaluated .
The activities conducted during this step are the same as those discussed in Step 3 of the Direct Method , except that the need for an advisory speed plaque is checked using the information in the Traffic Control Device Guidance Section of TCAS .
Anchor : #i1001298 Design Method
The Design Method is based on the use of curve geometry data obtained from files or as - built plans .
This method is suitable for evaluating newly constructed or reconstructed curves because the data are available from construction plans .
The procedure for implementing the Design Method consists of three steps .
During the first step , curve geometry data are obtained from files or plans .
During the second step , the measurements are used to compute the advisory speed .
During the last step , the recommended advisory speed is confirmed through a field trial run , if or when the curve exists .
Each of these steps is described in the remainder of this subsection .
Step 1 : Obtain Curve Geometry .
Consult the appropriate files to obtain the radius , deflection angle , and superelevation rate for the curve .
If the curve is circular , the “ total curve deflection angle ” is equivalent to the “ curve deflection angle , ” as used in TCAS .
The total curve deflection angle equals the deflection angle in the two intersecting tangents .
If spiral transition curves are included in the design , obtain the radius and superelevation rate data for the central circular curve .
The total curve deflection angle is the same as defined in the previous paragraph .
The curve deflection angle represents the deflection angle of the central circular curve .
If compound curvature is used in the design , obtain the radius and superelevation rate data for the sharpest component curve .
The total curve deflection angle is the same as defined in the first paragraph .
The curve deflection angle represents the deflection angle of the sharpest component curve .
Obtain the aforementioned data for both directions of travel if the road is divided or if conditions suggest the need for separate consideration of each curve travel direction .
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent of 600 ft .
or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , data for each curve should be obtained in this step .
Step 2 : Determine Advisory Speed .
The data obtained in Step 1 are entered in TCAS in the section titled Alternate Input Data .
If a reasonable estimate of the 85th percentile tangent speed is not available , the speed limit can be used in TCAS to estimate the 85th percentile tangent speed .
NOTE : The drop - down list at the top of the spreadsheet should be set to “ Known Curve Geometry . ”
When two or more curves are separated by a tangent of 600 ft .
or less , one sign should apply for all curves .
However , each curve should be evaluated separately in this step .
The advisory speed plaque should show the value for the curve having the lowest advisory speed in the series .
Step 3 : Confirm Speed for Conditions .
During this step , the appropriateness for the advisory speed determined in Step 2 is evaluated .
The activities conducted during this step are the same as those discussed in Step 3 of the Direct Method except that the need for an advisory speed plaque is checked using the information in the Traffic Control Device Guidance section of TCAS .
Anchor : #i1018124 Ball - Bank Method
The steps for determining the advisory speed using a ball - bank indicator will remain in this section until the compliance date of January 1 , 2013 has passed .
The speed to be posted will be based on results obtained from test runs in a vehicle equipped with either a mechanical ball - bank indicator ( see Figure 5 - 7 ) or an electronic accelerometer , not the calculated value .
( See following discussion of “ Calculated Speed . ” )
Figure 5 - 7 . Two types of ball - bank indicators .
Anchor : #i1018258 Calculated Speed
For curves and turns , the calculated speed is to be used as a guide for making the initial test run and as a check on the speed obtained by the use of the mechanical or electronic bank indicator .
The calculated speed is not , however , to be used as the sole basis for selecting the posted speed .
( See “ Selecting Speed for Posting ” at the end of this section for additional discussion . )
Calculate the design speed of the curve under consideration using the formula where : V = vehicle speed in miles per hour R = radius of curve in feet e = rate of roadway superelevation in feet per foot f = side friction factor with value depending on speed as follows :
If the speed is : then the sidefriction factor is : 35 mph or greater 0.15 between 20 and 35 mph 0.18 20 mph or less 0.31
Anchor : #i1018758 Selection of Car and Mounting of Bank Indicator Select an average passenger car for making the test runs and mount the bank indicator on the center line of the dash .
Suitable metal strap mountings can be made on which to mount the indicator , as shown in Figure 5 - 8 .
The metal strap holding the right side of the indicator on dash mountings should be slotted and a thumb nut provided so the steel ball can be adjusted to the zero degree position by raising or lowering the right side of the indicator .
If there is any doubt about the selection of an average car , a bank indicator should be mounted on three different makes or year models for a check .
Figure 5 - 8 . Suggested mounting for ball - bank indicator on dash .
Anchor : #i1019288 Before Conducting Test Runs
To ensure proper operation of the bank indicator , it is critical that the following steps be taken before conducting test runs Inflate all tires to the uniform pressure used during speedometer calibration .
Calibrate the test vehicle ’s speedometer ( see following procedure )
Zero the bank indicator ( see following procedure ) .
Anchor : #i1019777 Calibrating Speedometer
It is essential that speedometers be calibrated accurately so that advisory speeds will be uniform throughout the state .
Calibrate the speedometer for recording of speed .
The accuracy of the odometer for recording distance should be checked against a measured distance .
Calibration for speed can be done easily with a radar speed meter or by timing the car over a measured distance .
The speedometer should be checked for each 5 mph interval over 20 mph , and several test runs should be made for each speed so that an average value may be obtained .
Anchor : #i1019834 Zeroing the Bank Indicator
The bank indicator must be adjusted to the zero reading before test runs are conducted .
This must be done with the car straddling the center line of the pavement on a tangent section to give the effect of a flat level surface and the driver and recorder in the same position in which they will ride during the test runs .
It is essential that the driver and recorder be in the same position when the bank indicator is set to the zero reading as they will be when test runs are made , because a shift in the load is reflected in a change of the indicator reading .
Anchor : #i1001313 Conducting Bank Indicator Test Runs
The curve should be driven at the calculated speed described previously on the initial run .
If the calculated speed is not available , the curve should be driven at an estimated speed approximately 5 miles per hour slower than that which the driver feels they can maintain throughout the entire length of the curve .
Each succeeding run should be made at a speed 5 miles per hour greater than the preceding run until the bank indicator reading reaches : 10 degrees for speeds of 35 mph or more
12 degrees for speeds of 25 and 30 mph
14 degrees for speeds of 20 mph or less .
On each test run , the driver should reach the test run speed at a distance of at least 0.25 mile from the beginning of the curve and maintain this speed throughout the entire length of the curve .
The path of the car throughout the curve should be maintained as nearly as possible in the center of the right hand lane .
Test runs should be made in each direction on each curve .
On each of the speeds of the test runs , the observer must carefully note the position of the ball throughout the length of the curve and record the maximum deflection in degrees .
The readings should be interpolated as closely as possible to the nearest degree .
Anchor : #i1001358 Alternate Ball - Bank Indicator Test Run Method
An alternate procedure , intended to minimize the number of test runs required to determine the speed for which the curve is to be posted , is as follows :
Drive the car at a speed of 5 miles per hour around the curve , staying as nearly as possible in the center of the right hand lane , and record the maximum deflection of the ball - bank indicator in degrees .
Record the reading of the ball - bank indicator as plus if the deflection of the ball is to the right on a right hand curve and to the left on a left hand curve .
The reading of the ball - bank indicator should be recorded as minus if the deflection of the ball is to the left on a right hand curve and to the right on a left hand curve .
Drive around the curve at a constant speed that can be maintained without acceleration or deceleration and without driving outside the right hand traffic lane .
Record the maximum deflection of the ball - bank indicator and the speed at which the curve was driven .
Compute the maximum safe speed for the curve by solving the following formula for V 2 : Anchor : #i1031196 where : q 1 = maximum ball - bank indicator reading as recorded in Step 2 q 2 = 10° for 35 mph and greater or 12° for speeds of 21 through 34 mph or 14° for 20 mph and less = ball - bank indicator reading as recorded in Step 1 V 1 = vehicle speed in miles per hour at which q 1 was recorded in Step 2 V 2 = calculated safe speed in mph for which curve is good .
Drive around the curve , staying in the right - hand lane , at the calculated speed V 2 without acceleration or deceleration as a check on measurements and computations .
The ball - bank indication recorded at speed V 2 should then be : 10° for speeds of 35 mph or more
12° for speeds of 25 and 30 mph
14° for speeds of 20 mph or less .
Anchor : #CHDBECFJ
Selecting Speed for Posting Remember , the speed to be posted shall be based on the results obtained from test runs with the ball - bank indicator ( described later in this section ) , not the calculated value .
The posted speed shall be a multiple of 5 miles per hour .
In selecting the speed to be posted , care should be taken that the calibrated speed for any given speedometer reading is used rather than the speedometer reading itself .
As a final check , the posted speed is aimed at the highest value that will permit the average car to travel around the curve in its own lane without causing an uncomfortable side throw to its passengers .
The speed to be posted on the curve should not be reduced arbitrarily below that determined by the procedures provided in this section .
When there is a reverse curve or a series of three or more curves , the advisory speed sign shall show the value for the curve having the slowest safe speed in the series .
A photograph of young Barack Obama as a Black Panther party member is another item that many might dismiss as an obvious bit of political parody , but the number of “ Is this real ? ” inquiries we ’ve received from readers indicates that quite a few people are confused about its authenticity ( or lack thereof ) :
All other evidence aside , accepting this photograph as genuine would require quite a bit of suspended disbelief , given that :
One would have to accept that Barack Obama managed to go through all the public scrutiny associated with a two - year - long national campaign and was well into his term as President before anybody noticed that he ’d once been a Black Panther ( despite the existence of evidence such as the purported newspaper photograph shown above ) .
Barack Obama , who was born in 1961 , was a mere schoolchild during the heyday of the Black Panther Party ( 1966 to 1972 ) .
Knowing the proper context makes the original , unaltered image easy to locate : it ’s a late 1960 ’s Associated Press photograph of Black Panther Party co-founders Bobby Seale and Huey Newton , not Darcus Howe and Barak [ sic ]
Obama :
This iconic pose was replicated by actors Courtney B. Vance and Marcus Chong in conjunction with the 1995 film Panther .
The altered image displayed above actually originated with a submission to a Photoshop contest based on the theme of “ Earn your own entry on Snopes.com . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- The U.S. trade deficit widened by 18.2 % in September to $ 36.5 billion , the Commerce Department said Friday .
The trade deficit was above the consensus forecast of Wall Street economists of a deficit of $ 32.0 billion .
This is the biggest percentage increase in the monthly trade gap since February 1999 .
The data suggests that third quarter growth will be revised down from its initial estimate of a 3.5 % gain .
Imports rose faster than exports in September .
Trade activity has recovered to levels not seen since the financial crisis hit in the fall of 2008 .
The U.S. trade deficit with China widened to $ 22.1 billion , the largest since last October .
The deficit for the year - to - date now totals $ 274.58 billion , down from $ 551.44 billion in the first nine months of 2008 .
By Robert Samuelson - November 2 , 2009
WASHINGTON --
The idea that the government of a major advanced country would default on its debt -- that is , tell lenders that it wo n't repay them all they 're owed -- was , until recently , a preposterous proposition .
Argentina and Russia have stiffed their creditors , but surely the likes of the United States , Japan or Great Britain would n't .
Well , it 's still a very , very long shot , but it 's no longer entirely unimaginable .
Governments of rich countries are borrowing so much that it 's conceivable that one day the twin assumptions underlying their burgeoning debt ( that lenders will continue to lend and that governments will continue to pay ) might collapse .
What happens then ?
The question is so unfamiliar that the past provides few clues to the future .
Psychology is crucial .
To take a parallel example : the dollar .
The fear is that foreigners ( and Americans , too ) lose confidence in its value and dump it for yen , euros , gold or oil .
If too many investors do that , a self - fulfilling stampede could trigger sell - offs in U.S. stocks and bonds .
People have predicted such a crisis for decades .
It has n't happened yet .
The currency 's decline has been orderly , because the dollar retains a bedrock confidence based on America 's political stability , openness , wealth and low inflation .
But something could shatter that confidence -- tomorrow or 10 years from tomorrow .
The same logic applies to exploding government debt .
We have moved into uncharted territory and are prisoners of psychology .
Consider Japan .
In 2009 , its budget deficit -- the gap between spending and taxes -- amounts to 10 percent or more of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
The total government debt -- the borrowing to cover all its deficits -- is approaching 200 percent of GDP .
That 's twice the size of its economy .
The mountainous debt reflects years of slow economic growth , many " stimulus " plans , an aging society and the impact of the global recession .
By 2019 , the debt - to - GDP ratio could hit 300 percent , says a report from JPMorgan Chase .
No one knows how to interpret these numbers .
If someone had predicted 20 years ago that Japan 's debt would rise so spectacularly , the forecast would doubtlessly have inspired this alarm : Japan will pay crushing interest rates as fearful lenders demand high returns to compensate for the risk that government might default or inflate away its debt .
Instead , the opposite has happened .
Japanese investors -- households , banks , insurers -- have absorbed 94 percent of the debt , reports JPMorgan .
Interest rates on 10 - year Japanese government bonds have dropped from 7.1 percent in 1990 to 1.4 percent now .
Superficially , it 's possible to explain this .
Japan has ample private savings to buy bonds ; modest deflation -- falling prices -- makes low interest rates acceptable ; and investors remain confident that new and maturing debt will be financed .
The American situation is similar .
Despite huge deficits , interest rates on 10 - year Treasury bonds have hovered around 3.5 percent .
In time of financial crisis , investors have sought the apparent sanctuary of government bonds .
But the correct conclusion to draw is not that major governments ( such as Japan and the United States ) can easily borrow as much as they want .
It is that they can easily borrow as much as they want until confidence that they can do so evaporates -- and we do n't know when , how or whether that may happen .
Wealthy societies everywhere face a similar dilemma .
Debt is ballooning from already high levels .
The Congressional Budget Office reckons the Obama administration 's planned budgets would increase the debt - to - GDP ratio from 41 percent in 2008 to 82 percent in 2019 .
Higher interest rates would aggravate the debt burden .
Anticipating higher rates , the CBO estimates annual interest payments on the federal debt at $ 799 billion in 2019 , up from $ 170 billion in 2009 .
Even the size of exposed debt is unclear ; adding Fannie Mae 's and Freddie Mac 's debts ( effectively guaranteed by the government ) to Treasury debt would raise the total sharply .
But containing debt by spending cuts or tax increases would involve wrenching and unpopular measures that might , perversely , weaken the economy and worsen deficits .
In Japan , the existing value - added tax ( national sales tax ) of 5 percent would have to go to 12 percent , says JPMorgan , along with deep spending cuts .
Against choices like that , some advanced country might decide that a partial or complete default , though dire , would be less damaging economically and politically than the alternatives .
Deprived of international or domestic credit , defaulting countries in the past have suffered deep economic downturns , hyperinflation , or both .
The odds may be against a wealthy society tempting that fate , but even the remote possibility underlines the precariousness and the novelty of the present situation .
The arguments over whether we need more " stimulus " ( and debt ) obscure the larger reality that past debt increasingly constricts governments ' economic maneuvering room .
Great Christmas Presents for Photography loving Guys
Since I am a photography loving guy myself , this is partly my own wish list .
I will classify myself as a relatively skeptical and critical person .
This list is for the slightly geeky type that enjoys nostalgic retro stuff and photography gadgets .
This post I presume is for the girlfriends and wives of photo nerds .
I have these myself and love them .
Very durable too .
Perfect silhouette for the smart office space or for the home .
I ordered one of these for my new studio .
Retro style wash bag
If your husband “ get ’s excited and makes things ” then perhaps you should give him a T - shirt that says just that .
Check out this site for great and funny gifts .
Completely overlooked , but full of great small artwork .
A very cool leather bag for your husband to spice up his attitude .
Photo Related Cool Gifts :
One of the more corny things , but if used right
It is quite cool .
I have one of these in my office displaying my portfolio .
Great kit .
Combined with other items from Honl Photo this is a great gift .
This is part of my personal travel set up .
I can literally do almost everything with this and a couple of flashes .
A very cool gift with in the range of things that would be very appreciated .
This super cool disc is small and lightweight but still has massive storage and firewire 800 !
Mac ready and high reviews .
A slightly more sophisticated gift .
With this gift you are supporting the more professional side of your husbands hobby and not the “ hobby ” side of things .
This card is what I use to measure light temperature .
If you need to buy your husband a point and shoot camera this is by far the best consumer camera out there .
It ’s simply a fantastic camera for the price .
I could and have used this camera for stock images to sell online .
This camera is also the only consumer camera that is accepted by Gettys high end collection .
I never really get to upgrade to the newest calibrator .
I would like this as a gift to be honest .
With this gift you are again supporting the more professional side .
FAMILY
Court judges seem reluctant to order that children spend equal time with parents in the most bitter and complex disputes , with only 15 per cent of such cases resulting in a 50 - 50 parenting split .
Mothers are more likely to be granted the most time with their children in the most acrimonious cases contested in court , according to Family Court figures .
Of mothers involved in contested cases , 60 per cent were granted main residence , or the majority of time .
Of fathers in such cases , 17 per cent were granted the majority of time .
The analysis is based on almost 1450 cases contested in court that were finalised in 2007 - 08 .
Changes to family law that came into effect in July 2006 moved towards a presumption of equal shared parental responsibility and an obligation for the Family Court to consider shared time between parents when it was thought to be in the best interests of children .
BEIJING ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Chinese police have detained some 3,470 people so far this year during a crackdown on online pornography and closed thousands of pornographic websites , state media said on Saturday .
In August , China formally backed down on a plan to pre-install Internet filter software on all new computers sold in the country after an international and domestic outcry .
But the government maintains tight controls over the internet , saying it has to do so to protect young people from bad influences .
Activists say it is more to do with stifling criticism of the ruling Communist Party .
The official Xinhua news agency , citing the Ministry of Public Security , said “ more than 1.25 million items of online lewd content and nearly 7,000 pornographic websites and columns ” had been removed from the internet this year .
“ The police also cracked more than 3,500 erotic cases , ” Xinhua said , without elaborating .
The aim of the campaign was to “ purify ( the ) social environment and protect minors ’ mental health , ” the report said .
Despite the harsh words and action , pornography remains relatively easy to obtain in China , mainly in the form of pirated DVDs hawked on street corners .
Opposition leader Ayman Nour has attacked the ruling regime after he was barred from traveling to the United States , where he was invited to speak about Egypt 's political climate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington .
Nour and a number of Egyptian politicians , including Gamal Mubarak -- a top official in the ruling National Democratic Party and the son of President Hosni Mubarak -- were invited to the Carnegie event .
Nour said he is convinced that his travel ban was intended to prevent anti-government figures from spoiling Gamal Mubarak 's trip .
" Mubarak 's son wants the lion 's share of the Egyptian political sphere , whether that is inside or outside the country , " Nour said .
" But I will not give him such pleasure , and I will take part in the Carnegie seminar through video conferences . "
The founder and former head of El Ghad opposition party , who was also planning to take part in a number of conferences organized by the Egyptian community in the U.S. , previously said that the Egyptian public prosecutor had issued an administrative decision preventing him from going to the U.S. and other nations in the Middle East and Europe .
Gamal Mubarak is being groomed to succeed his father , a scenario resented by many Egyptians who have suffered under the government 's economic programs and repressive human - rights policies and do n’t want a Mubarak dynasty .
Nour and fellow opposition activists and parties recently formed a coalition under the slogan Mayehkomsh ( " You do n't have the right to rule " ) , rejecting any succession plan .
After losing to Hosni Mubarak in Egypt 's first contested elections in 2005 , Nour was sentenced to five years in prison on what are widely regarded as trumped - up charges of forging signatures in order to establish El Ghad party .
He was released on health grounds in February and since then has only been allowed to leave the country to receive healthcare abroad .
Nour , who has been touring Egyptian cities to interact with citizens and demonstrate his political vision over the last few months , can't run in the 2011 presidential elections because of his earlier conviction .
-- Amro Hassan in Cairo
Photo : Ayman Nour .
Credit : AFP
Over 20,000 page views in one day !
Wow , I was n’t expecting this response !
Earlier today I posted a link promoting the cookbook and this site on reddit.com , in the hope that a few people would click through to this site and perhaps strat spreadnig the word about the cookbook .
I wondered if it would even get a response .
I was n’t quite prepared for what happened next .
I had to leave the office but when I returned I was amazed to find it had made it ’s way to the top of the front page , where it stayed for a few hours !
Several people commented on reddit that there were n’t any sample recipes on this site , so I immediately uploaded a double page spread .
I will put some more up when time permits .
So this is just a quick post to say thanks for all the positive comments , messages of support and general feedback / suggestions .
Maybe I should have waited until the site was a little more finished , but hey – we ’ve already received pre-orders , and new recipes are starting to appear .
If anyone has any suggestions on how to improve this site , or more general feedback – please comment below .
Thanks redditors !
p.s. We go to print on Monday …
World Health Organisation ‘ Mr Swine Flu’ Under Investigation for Gross Conflict of Interest
The man with the nickname “ Dr Flu ” , Professor Albert Osterhaus , of the Erasmus University in Rotterdam Holland has been named by Dutch media researchers as the person at the center of the worldwide Swine Flu H1N1 Influenza A 2009 pandemic hysteria .
Not only is Osterhaus the connecting person in an international network that has been described as the Pharma Mafia , he is THE key advisor to WHO on influenza and is intimately positioned to personally profit from the billions of euros in vaccines allegedly aimed at H1N1 .
Earlier this year the Second Chamber of the Netherland Parliament undertook an investigation into alleged conflicts of interest and financial improprieties of the well - known Dr. Osterhaus .
Outside Holland and a mention at the time in the Dutch media , the only note of the sensational investigation into Osterhaus ’ business affairs came in a tiny note in the respected British magazine , Science .
Osterhaus 's credentials and expertise in his field were not in question .
What is according to a short report published by the journal Science , are his links to corporate interests that stand to potentially profit from the swine flu pandemic .
Science carried the following brief note in its October 16 2009 issue about Osterhaus :
" For the past 6 months , one could barely switch on the television in the Netherlands without seeing the face of famed virus hunter Albert Osterhaus talking about the swine flu pandemic .
Or so it has seemed .
Osterhaus , who runs an internationally renowned virus lab at Erasmus Medical Center , has been Mr. Flu .
But last week , his reputation took a nosedive after it was alleged that he has been stoking pandemic fears to promote his own business interests in vaccine development .
Last week , his reputation took a nosedive after it was alleged that he has been stoking pandemic fears to promote his own business interests in vaccine development .
As Science went to press , the Dutch House of Representatives had even slated an emergency debate about the matter . "
1
On November 3 , 2009 it appeared that Osterhaus emerged with at least the damage somewhat under control .
An updated Science blog noted , “ The House of Representatives of the Netherlands today rejected a motion asking the government to sever all ties with virologist Albert Osterhaus of Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam , who had been accused of conflicts of interest in his role as a government adviser .
But Dutch health minister Ab Klink , meanwhile , announced a " Sunshine Act " compelling scientists to disclose their financial ties to companies . ”
2
The Minister , Ab Klink , reportedly a personal friend of Osterhaus , 3subsequently issued a statement on the ministry ’s website , claiming that Osterhaus was but one of many scientific advisers to the ministry on vaccines for H1N1 , and that the Ministry “ knew ” about the financial interests of Osterhaus .
4 Nothing out of the ordinary , merely pursuit of science and public health so it seemed .
More careful investigation into the Osterhaus Affair suggests that the world - renowned Dutch Virologist may be at the very center of a multi-billion Euro pandemic fraud which has used human beings in effect as human guinea pigs with untested vaccines and in cases now emerging resulting in deaths or severe bodily paralysis or injury .
The ‘ Bird Shit Hoax ’
Albert Osterhaus is no small fish .
He stands at the global nexus of every major virus panic of the past two decades from the mysterious SARS deaths in HongKong , where current WHO Director Margaret Chan got her start in her career as a local health official .
According to his official bio at the European Commission , Osterhaus was engaged in April 2003 , at the height of the panic over SARS ( Severe Acquired Respiratory Syndrome ) in Hong Kong .
The EU report states , “ he again showed his skill at moving fast to tackle a serious problem .
Within three weeks he had proved that the disease was caused by a newly discovered coronavirus that resides in civet cats , other carnivorous animals or bats . ”
5
Then Osterhaus moved on , this time publicizing dangers of what he claimed was H5N1 Avian Flu .
In 1997 he already began sounding the alarm following the death in Hong Kong of a three - year - old who Osterhaus learned had had direct contact with birds .
Osterhaus went into high gear lobbying across Holland and Europe claiming that a deadly new mutation of avian flu had jumped to humans and that drastic measures were required .
He claimed to be the first scientist in the world to show that H5N1 could be transferred into humans .
6
In a BBC interview in October 2005 on the danger of Avian Flu , Osterhaus declared , “ … if the virus manages indeed to , to mutate itself in such a way that it can transmit from human to human , then we have a completely different situation , we might be at the start of the pandemic . ”
He added , “ there is a real chance that this virus could be trafficked by the birds all the way to Europe .
There is a real risk , but nobody can estimate the risk at this moment , because we have n't done the experiments .
” 7It never did manage to mutate , but he was ready to “ do the experiments , ” presumably for a hefty fee .
To bolster his frightening pandemic scenario , Osterhaus and his lab assistants in Rotterdam began assiduously assembling and freezing samples of , well , bird shit , in an attempt to build a more scientific argument .
He claimed that at certain times of the year up to 30 % of all European birds acted as carriers of the deadly avian virus , H5N1 .
He also claimed that farmers working with hens and chickens were then exposed .
Osterhaus briefed journalists who dutifully noted his alarm .
Politicians were alerted .
He wrote papers proposing that the far away deaths in Asia from what he termed H5N1 were coming to Europe .
He claimed that migratory birds were carrying the deadly new disease as far west as Rügen and Ukraine . 8 Osterhaus ’ Avian
Flu alarm campaign really took off in 2003 when a Dutch veterinary doctor became ill and died .
Osterhaus claimed the death was from H5N1 .
He convinced the Dutch government to order slaughter of millions of chickens .
Yet no other infected persons died from the alleged H5N1 .
Osterhaus claimed that that was simply proof of the effectiveness of the preemptive slaughter campaign.9
Osterhaus claimed that bird feces were the source , via air bombardment or droppings , onto populations and birds below , of the spread of the deadly new Asian strain of H5N1 .
There was only one problem with the now voluminous frozen samples of diverse bird excrement he and his associated had collected and frozen at his institute .
There was not one single confirmed example of H5N1 virus found in any of his samples .
At a May 2006 Congress of the World Organization for Animal Health ( OIE ) , Osterhaus and his Erasmus colleagues were forced to admit that in testing 100,000 samples of their assiduously saved bird feces , they had discovered not one single case of H5N1 virus .
10
At a WHO conference in Verona in 2008 titled “ Avian influenza at the Human - Animal Interface , ” in a presentation to scientific colleagues undoubtedly less impressed by appeals to pandemic emotion than the non-scientific public , Osterhaus admitted that “ A proper risk assessment of H5N1 as the cause of a new pandemic cannot be made with the currently available information . ”
11 By then , however , his sights were already firmly on other possible pandemic triggers to focus his vaccination activities .
Swine Flu and WHO corruption
When no mass wave of human deaths from Avian Flu materialized and after Roche , maker of Tamiflu and GlaxoSmithKline had banked billions of dollars in profits from worldwide government stockpiling of their dangerous and reportedly ineffective antiviral drugs , Tamiflu by Roche , and Relenza by GlaxoSmithKline , Osterhaus and other WHO advisers turned to other greener pastures .
By April 2009 their search seemed rewarded as a small Mexican village in Veracruz reported a case of a small child ill with what had been diagnosed as “ Swine Flu ” or H1N1 .
With indecent haste the propaganda apparatus of the World Health Organization in Geneva went into gear anth statements from the director - general Dr Margaret Chan , about a possible danger of a global pandemic .
Chan made such irresponsible statements as declaring “ a public health emergency of international concern . ”
12 The further cases of outbreak at La Gloria Mexico were reported on one medical website as , “ a ‘ strange ’ outbreak of acute respiratory infection , which led to bronchial pneumonia in some pediatric cases .
According to a local resident , symptoms included fever , severe cough , and large amounts of phlegm . ”
13
Notably those were symptoms which would make sense in terms of the proximity of one of the world ’s largest pig industrial feeding concentrations at La Gloria owned by Smithfield Farms of the USA .
Residents had picketed the Smithfield Farms site in Mexico for months complaining of severe respiratory problems from the fecal waste lagoons .
That possible cause of the diseases in La Gloria apparently did not interest Osterhaus and his colleagues advising the WHO .
The long - awaited “ pandemic ” that Osterhaus had predicted ever since his involvement with SARS in the Guandgong Province of China in 2003 , was now finally at hand .
On June 11 , 2009 Margaret Chan of WHO made the declaration of a Phase 6 “ Pandemic Emergency ” regarding the spread of H1N1 Influenza .
Curiously in announcing she noted , “ On present evidence , the overwhelming majority of patients experience mild symptoms and make a rapid and full recovery , often in the absence of any form of medical treatment . ”
She then added , ” Worldwide , the number of deaths is small …we do not expect to see a sudden and dramatic jump in the number of severe or fatal infections . ”
It later was learned that Chan acted , following heated debates inside WHO , on the advice of the scientific advisory group of WHO , or SAGE , the Strategic Advisory Group of Experts .
One of the members of SAGE at the time and today was Dr. Albert “ Mr Flu ” Osterhaus .
Not only was Osterhaus in a key position to advocate the panic - inducing WHO “ Pandemic emergency ” declaration .
He was also chairman of the leading private European Scientific Working group on Influenza , which describes itself as a “ multidisciplinary group of key opinion leaders in influenza [ that ] aims to combat the impact of epidemic and pandemic influenza . ”
Osterhaus ’ ESWI is the vital link as they themselves describe it “ between the World Health Organization ( WHO ) in Geneva , the Robert Koch Institute in Berlin and the University of Connecticut , USA . ”
What is more significant about the ESWI is that its work is entirely financed by the same pharma mafia companies that make billions on the pandemic emergency as governments around the world are compelled to buy and stockpile vaccines on declaration of a WHO Pandemic .
The funders of ESWI include H1N1 vaccine maker Novartis , Tamiflu distributor , Hofmann - La Roche , Baxter Vaccines , MedImmune , GlaxoSmithKline , Sanofi Pasteur and others .
Not to lose the point , the world - leading virologist , official adviser on H1N1 to the governments of the UK and Holland , Dr Albert Osterhaus , head of the Department of Virology at the Erasmus MC of Rotterdam , also sat on the WHO ’s elite SAGE and served as chairman at the same time of the pharma industry - sponsored ESWI which urged dramatic steps to vaccinate the world against the grave danger of a new Pandemic they insisted could rival the feared 1918 Spanish Flu pandemic .
The Wall Street bank , JP Morgan estimated that in large part as a result of the WHO pandemic decision , the giant pharma firms that also finance Osterhaus ’ ESWI work , stand to reap some € 7.5 to € 10 billion in profits .
14
A fellow member of WHO ’s SAGE is Dr Frederick Hayden , of Britain ’s Wellcome Trust and reportedly a close friend of Osterhaus .
Hayden also receives money for “ advisory ” services from Roche and GlaxoSmithKline among other pharma giants involved in producing products related to the H1N1 panic .
Chairman of WHO ’s SAGE is another British scientist , Prof. David Salisbury of the UK Department of Health .
He also heads the WHO H1N1 Advisory Group .
Salisbury is a robust defender of the pharma industry .
He has been accused by UK health citizen health group One Click of covering up the proven links between vaccines and an explosive rise in infant autism as well as links between Gardasil and palsy and even death.15
Then on September 28 , 2009 the same Salisbury stated , “ Professor David Salisbury , the department of health ’s director of immunisation , said : “ There is a very clear view in the scientific community that there is no risk from the inclusion of Thiomersal . ”
The vaccine being used for H1N1 in Britain is primarily produced by GlaxoSmithKlilne and contains the mercury preservative Thiomersol .
Because of growing evidence that Thiomersol in vaccines might be related to autism in children in the United States , in 1999 the American Academy of Pediatrics and the US Public Health Service called for it to be removed from vaccines .
16
Yet another SAGE member at WHO with intimate financial ties to the vaccine makers that benefit from SAGE ’s recommendations to WHO is Dr. Arnold Monto , a paid consultant to vaccine maker MedImmune , Glaxo and ViroPharma .
Even more the meetings of the “ independent ” scientists of SAGE are attended by “ observers ” who include , yes , the very vaccine producers GlaxoSmithKline , Novartis , Baxter and company .
In the past decade the WHO , in order to boost funds at its disposal entered into what it calls “ public private partnerships . ”
Instead of receiving its funds solely from member United Nations governments as its original purpose had been , WHO today receives almost double its normal UN budget in the form of grants and financial support from private industry .
The industry ?
The very drug and vaccine makers who benefit from decisions like the June 2009 H1N1 Pandemic emergency declaration .
As the main financiers of the WHO bureaucracy , naturally the Pharma Mafia and their friends receive what has been called “ open door red carpet treatment ” in Geneva .17
In an interview with Der Spiegel magazine in Germany , epidemiologist Dr. Tom Jefferson of the Cochrane Collaboration , an organization of independent scientists evaluating all flu related studies , noted the implications of the privatization of WHO and the commercialization of health :
“ … one of the extraordinary features of this influenza -- and the whole influenza saga -- is that there are some people who make predictions year after year , and they get worse and worse .
None of them so far have come about , and these people are still there making these predictions .
For example , what happened with the bird flu , which was supposed to kill us all ?
Nothing .
But that does n't stop these people from always making their predictions .
Sometimes you get the feeling that there is a whole industry almost waiting for a pandemic to occur .
SPIEGEL : Who do you mean ?
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) ?
Jefferson :
The WHO and public health officials , virologists and the pharmaceutical companies .
They 've built this machine around the impending pandemic .
And there 's a lot of money involved , and influence , and careers , and entire institutions !
And all it took was one of these influenza viruses to mutate to start the machine grinding ... 18 When asked if the WHO had deliberately declared the Pandemic Emergency in order to create a huge market for H1N1 vaccines and drugs , Jefferson replied ,
“ Do n't you think there 's something noteworthy about the fact that the WHO has changed its definition of pandemic ?
The old definition was a new virus , which went around quickly , for which you did n't have immunity , and which created a high morbidity and mortality rate .
Now the last two have been dropped , and that 's how swine flu has been categorized as a pandemic .
”
19
Conveniently enough , the WHO published the new Pandemic definition in April 2009 just in time to allow WHO , on advice of SAGE and others like Albert “ Dr Flu ” Osterhaus and David Salisbury , to declare the mild cases of flu dubbed H1N1 Influenza A to be declared Pandemic .20
In a relevant footnote , the Washington Post on December 8 in an article on the severity , or lack of same , of the world H1N1 „ pandemic “ reported that “ with the second wave of H1N1 infections having crested in the United States , leading epidemiologists are predicting that the pandemic could end up ranking as the mildest since modern medicine began documenting influenza outbreaks . ”
21
Russian Parliamentarian and chairman of the Duma Health Committee , Igor Barinow has called on the Russian Representative to WHO in Geneva to order an official investigation into the growing evidence of massive corruption of the WHO by the pharmaceutical industry .
“ There are grave accusations of corruption within the WHO , ” said Barinow .
“ An international commission of inquiry is urgently required . ” 22
Endnotes :
1 Martin Enserink , In Holland , the Public Face of Flu Takes a Hit , Science , 16 October 2009 : Vol. 326 . no. 5951 , pp. 350 – 351 ; DOI : 10.1126/science.326_350b .
2 Science , November 3 , 2009 , Roundup 11/3 The Brink Edition , accessed on ScienceMag.org .
3 Article from Dutch , De Farma maffia Deel 1 Osterhaus BV , 28 november 2009 , accessed in Hetonderzoek.blogspot.com .
4 Ministerie van Volksgezondheid , Welzijn en Sport , Financiële belangen Osterhaus waren bekend Nieuwsbericht , 30 september 2009 , accessed in Minvws.nl
5 European Commission , „ Research “ , Dr Albert Osterhaus , accessed in Ec.europa.eu
6 Ibid .
7 Jane Corbin , Interview with Dr Albert Osterhaus , BBC Panorama , 4 October , 2005 .
8 Karin Steinberger , Vogelgrippe : Der Mann mit der Vogelperspektive , Seuddeutsche Zeitung , 20 October , 2005 , accessed in Seuddeutsche.de .
9 Ibid .
10 Schweinegrippe — Geldgieriger Psychopath Auslöser der Pandemie ? , accessed in Polskaweb.eu
11 Ab Osterhaus , External factors influencing H5N1 mutation / reassortment events with pandemic potential , OIE , 7 - 9 October 2008 , Verona , Italy , accessed in Oie.int
12 WHO Health Advisory , April 2009 , accessed in Swine- flu-vaccine.info /.
13 Biosurveillance , Swine Flu in Mexico - Timeline of Events , April 24 , 2009 , accessed in Biosurveillance.typepad.com .
14 Cited in Louise Voller , Kristian Villesen , Stærk lobbyisme bag WHO - beslutning om massevaccination , Information , Copenhagen , 15 November 2009 accessed in .
Information.dk/215355 .
15 Jane Bryant , et al , The One Click Group Response : Prof. David Salisbury Threatens Legal Action , 4 March , 2009 , accessed in Theoneclickgroup.co.uk .
16 Prof. David Salisbury cited in , Swine flu vaccine to contain axed additive , London Evening Standard , 28 September 2009 , accessed in .
Gulf - times.com
17 Bert Ehgartner , Schwindel mit der Schweinegrippe Ist die Aufregung ein Coup der Pharmaindustrie ?
Accessed in Profil.at .
18 Tom Jefferson , Interview with Epidemiologist Tom Jefferson : ' A Whole Industry Is Waiting For A Pandemic ' Der Spiegel , 21 July 2009 , accessed in Spiegel.de .
19 Ibid .
20 Louise Voller , Kristian Villesen , Mystisk ændring af WHO 's definition af en pandemi , Copenhagen Information , 15 November 2009 , accessed in Information.dk/215341 .
21 Rob Stein , Flu Pandemic Could Be Mild , Washington Post , December 8 , 2009 .
22 Polskanet , Russland fordert internationale Untersuchung , 5 December 2009 , accessed in Polskaweb.eu
By F. William Engdahl
www.engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net
* F. William Engdahl , author of Full Spectrum Dominance : Totalitarian Democracy in the New World Order ( Third Millennium Press ) , may be reached via his website , www.engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net.
COPYRIGHT © 2009 F. William Engdahl .
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
F. William Engdahl Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Dr David Hill
26 Mar 10 , 12:54 Flu Vaccine Fraud
Ab Osterhaus , Declan Butler and Nature Magazine are all culpable in wanting the drug companies to sell billions of pounds worth of swine flu / bird flu drugs .
They are all friends of the large pharmaceuticals .
What they did not want to see was the alternative strategy emerge of addressing the global threat at source .
Indeed , they destroyed the only solution that was not drugs based , but based upon prevention , not drug cure – the only common - sense approach and the only strategy that will stop this global killer .
For the only way to stop bird flu / Swine flu et al indefinitely is to address the problem at source and never let it happen in the first place .
It is the only way .
http://avian-influenza.cirad.fr/content/download/1931/11789/file/Kennedy-F-Shortridge.pdf
http://distributedresearch.net/blog/tag/world-innovation-foundation
Otherwise it will one day come back with a vengeance and wipe out a quarter of humanity .
The Spanish Flu that killed up to 100 million ( a Swine flu variant ) will then be seen as the minor event in the world ’s history of global pandemics .
Funny how money always rises above human life itself !
But stranger was that the EU did not want to know and that they were not basically interested .
So we shall see no justice emerge from there will we .
Just another white - wash and the taxpayer picks up all the hugh financial bill once again .
barb
29 Mar 10 , 16:59 Mass Vaccinations
Those of us who are wise enough to know the truth of the above article also know that Big Money is pulling all the strings - WHO , FDA , CDC , governments ...
Our newsmedias are all controlled .
They will not bite the medical hand that feeds them .
We can see the corruption .
It is obvious .
The the little guy struggling to make ends meet is brainwashed by TV and news into believing that vaccinations are good for us !
This is the guy we have to wake up .
It is going to take alot of emails , talking , posting , one on one to get people to wake up and quit being sheep being led to the slaughter .
One thing that will help wake up the average parents of school age children is telling him the truth about vaccinations .
Just enough that he will question the safety .
We can skip the autism connection even though we know vaccinations are the cause ( See Andrew Moulden 's research .
He has a website and videos on youtube ) .
We have to talk to the little guy in a way he can understand .
Right now food allergies are the big problem for school children .
1 in 17 children under the age of 3 has a food allergy .
1 in 125 children has a fatal peanut allergy .
Peanuts are being banned in schools .
And it is not just fatal peanut allergies .
I know of two people with fatal fish allergies .
There is a new book out " The History of the Peanut Allergy Epidemic " by Heather Fraser .
Help me make this book a major seller !
Push it .
Talk about it .
Blog about it .
Facebook it .
Twitter it .
Email about it .
Heather is a historian and parent of a child with a fatal peanut allergy .
She documented the connection between the use of peanut oil in vaccines and the man -made peanut allergy epidemic .
I found the same connection by reading patents for vaccine adjuvants and culture mediums .
( All on - line ) .
Our food oils - fish , peanut , soy , wheat germ , evening primrose oil , sesame , etc. can be mixed together and added to vaccines as a diluent .
You can find patents for vaccine adjuvants that list all the various oils used .
These oils DO NOT have to appear on the package insert because it is a PROTECTED TRADE SECRET !
Food waste is used to feed the culture for medicines .
The last feeding is all that has to be special and " safe " for humans .
It is ASSUMED that all the protein was eaten by the bacteria so when the final product is injected into children there is no food protein to cause a food allergy .
It has been known since 1839 that food protein injected into the body causes food allergies ...
I have my research on my website at barbfeick.com / vaccinations .
Heather 's book can be purchased directly from her website or at amazon.com .
Here is what I envision and with enough people seeing it and pushing it can happen .
Parents get a copy of Heather 's book and take it to the pediatrician and ask why he is injecting peanut oil into children .
Ask given that fatal peanut allergies are now 1 in 125 children , how does that compare with the risk of getting diptheria or mumps ?
The book they suppressed in England !
The emotional terrorist & the violence - prone , by Erin Pizzey
In spite of huge social services expenditures , Canada jails proportionally more youth than the U.S. , many for violent crimes .
Most come from violent or broken homes .
How can we break the cycle of abuse - addiction - violence ?
Billions are paid to the social service industry annually but many working there privately admit that money and social workers alone cannot solve these problems .
The money relieves the burden of conscience of many individuals who have adapted and survived .
With the old social and economic orders decaying and crumbling , however , we can no longer afford to ignore our jails bursting at the seams , and the Welfare State being complicit in the cycle of violence .
Eventually we will have to concentrate on an alternative strategy of love and hope for these problem families .
Eventually we will have to abandon the model of idealizing the " victim " , demonizing the " perpetrator " and politicizing the issues .
Eventually we will have to explore an alternative strategy which is pragmatic , personal , and treats the whole family .
In this important book , suppressed in England , Pizzey argues that not every battered woman is simply a victim .
To successfully reduce violence , Pizzy convincingly shows , workers must distinguish between the emotional terrorist , addicted to pain and provoking violence , and those truly seeking escape from violence .
This book is the successor to " Scream Quietly or the Neighbours Will Hear " , the first book on wife battering .
It is a challenging must read for all those dealing with family violence , policy - makers , family rights activists -- anyone concerned about violence in society .
The book includes : Section 1 : The Emotional Terrorist
Section 2 : Original Research with tables on Distinguishing Battered Women from the Violence - Prone
Section 3
The complete text , updated , from her suppressed publication " Prone to Violence " , with the exception of the outdated chemicals chapter and the appendices .
ISBN : 0-88970-103-2 5.5x8.5 " , 134 pp quality paperback , $ 19.95 Erin Pizzey founded the first refuge for battered wives in 1971 .
From that beginning there are now women 's shelters all over the world .
Over a period of ten years , Erin Pizzey became involved with about 5,000 women and their children who came through her shelter .
She is also a writer and a journalist .
She has two children and two grandchildren from her first marriage .
She has written : Scream Quietly or the Neighbors Will Hear ( also done as a film of the same name ) , Infernal Child and The Slut 's Cookbook .
Pizzey 's fiction writing includes The Watershed , In the Shadow of the Castle , The Pleasure Palace , First Lady , The Consul General 's Daughter , The Snow Leopard of Shanghai , Other Lovers , Swimming with Dolphins , For the Love of a Stranger , Kisses , and The Wicked World of Women .
She has completed two world tours lecturing on domestic violence .
TERMS AND DISCOUNTS - REMISES : Commoners ' Publishing Inc .
631 Tubman Cr .
Ottawa , Ontario ,
K1V 8L5 phone ( 613 ) 523-2444 and fax : ( 613 ) 260-0401
e -mail is cheriton@home.com Commoners ' books are available in quality to non-profit organizations at discounts for fundraising purposes .
Enquire with the publisher .
Discounts : 1 - 4 copies 5 + ( assorted ) Bookstores & wholesalers 25 % 40 % Educational Discount : 25 % 25 % Non-returnable items : 30 % 50 % Libraries : nil 10 % ( shipping billed at cost )
Individuals : LIST 0 % Shipping and Handling : allow $ 3.00 per book .
U.S. orders : list prices and P&H are the same , except in U.S. dollars .
( Individuals are encouraged to order through a bookstore , but may order from the publisher directly with prepayment , VISA , Mastercard accepted . )
There are multiple artists with the same name : 1 ) Sacrifice is a Canadian thrash metal band .
They formed in Toronto in 1985 with Rob Urbinati on vocals and guitar , Joe Rico on guitar , Scott Watts on bass and Gus Pynn on drums , who was born and raised in Corner Brook , Newfoundland .
Gus currently plays drums for a Toronto based band , The 3tards .
On September 23rd , 2006 , the original lineup of Sacrifice reunited for a single show in Toronto as headliner of the Day of the Equinox II festival .
2 ) Sacrifice is a Thrash metal band from Japan , check Ｓａｃｒｉｆｉｃ ｅ
3 ) Sacrifice was a Power Metal … read more
KABUL --
The Taliban said in a statement Saturday they would provide a " legal guarantee " that they would n't intervene in foreign countries if international troops withdraw from Afghanistan , the closest the movement has come to publicly distancing itself from al Qaeda .
The Taliban have " no agenda of meddling in the internal affairs of other countries and is ready to give legal guarantee if the foreign forces withdraw from Afghanistan , " the group said in a statement emailed to news organizations .
The statement did n't specify ...
The US military is taking a serious look at resupplying combat troops in Afghanistan using unmanned aircraft .
Faced with the task of delivering vast amounts of supplies by land and by air to troops in the mountainous , land - locked country , senior officers were considering using pilotless aircraft to help with the job , said US Air Force General Duncan McNabb .
After talks with the US Marine Corps , General McNabb said his transportation command had acquired a number of drones for possible supply missions .
" We bought some , to see how that would work , " he said .
The general said drones could ferry smaller - scale cargo and retrieve global positioning system ( GPS ) receivers left behind when supplies are airdropped .
" You might be able to , for instance , not only deliver medicines and smaller kinds of cargo , you could also use it to bring back out the GPS receiver , " he said .
Pallets dropped from military aircraft are guided to ground using GPS receivers and sophisticated software .
But retrieving the receivers can pose a headache .
With the amount of airdropped cargo growing , using drones could make " the cost of an air drop pretty cheap " and offered an " exciting " prospect , according to General McNabb .
But he did not say when his command might be ready to launch drone supply missions .
The military and spy agencies have dramatically expanded the use of unmanned aircraft in recent years , using them mainly for intelligence gathering as well as for attacks on insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan and Al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan .
- AFP
I ’m a huge fan of the dosa — the enormous South Indian crepe , glistening with buttery ghee , made particularly popular in New York by the “ Dosa Man ” in Washington Square Park .
Only recently , however , did I realize that the dosa is often eaten as a breakfast dish .
It certainly makes sense — crepes , too , are both sweet and savory , for both morning and night .
But I 'd never gone for spicy mashed potatoes in the morning .
Having never had a breakfast dosa before , we headed for Curry Hill spot Saravanaas .
An offshoot of Saravana Bhavan , an acclaimed global chain of South Indian veggie fare , this was a place that knew its dosas .
And everything else , too .
The breakfast combos at Saravanaas , around $ 7 to $ 9 , each come with a small coffee , milky masala tea , or soda .
My coffee , like a mini- cappuccino , was strong and sweet .
The breakfast combos at Saravanaas , around $ 7 to $ 9 , each come with a small coffee , milky masala tea , or soda .
My coffee , like a mini- cappuccino , was strong and sweet .
Our first breakfast discovery were idlis : coaster - sized puffy cakes served with a quintet of dipping sauces .
Made from a batter of finely ground rice and lentils , just like a dosa , each idli was spongy and fun , like a sticky cake of sourdough .
Since they ’re steamed , not fried , they ’re much lighter than a lot of Indian fare .
The array of sauces ranged in heat and texture : tangy tomato , pulpy coconut , potent coriander and green chile , and sear - your - mouth - off chile sauce .
Plus a mini - dish of veggie soup .
Way more fun than maple syrup .
A little less virtuous are the medu vada , fried rings of lentil - rice batter with little hints of cumin .
Each doughnut is dense and bready on the inside , appealingly crunchy on the outside — very fried - tasting , but not too greasy .
At Saravanaas , they ’re served alongside dishes like pongal , a sweet rice pudding absolutely oozing with ghee , the clarified butter that makes virtually all Indian food so silky and rich .
Ginger and spice lightened things up a bit , but this was one buttery porridge .
And then , the star of the show : a rolled dosa nearly the size of our table .
Quite literally as long as my arm .
( I measured . )
This is the Goliath to a French creperie ’s little David — gutsy , and butter - crisped around the edges , and structurally sound .
Though it may look thin , the lentil - rice batter makes this crepe a hefty , hearty meal .
And getting your hands dirty , tearing off little pieces to dip in the same lineup of sauces , makes for a fun start to the morning .
The breakfast dishes definitely followed a predictable pattern : Rice - lentil batter , whether fried , steamed , or steamrolled , with ample sauce and spice to keep things interesting .
All variations on a theme .
But it 's not like pancakes , waffles , and crepes are all that diverse , either .
Buttery carbs with flavor - packed toppings — sounds like morning to me .
Saravanaas
81 Lexington Avenue , New York NY 10016 ( map ) 212-679-0204
saravanaasrestaurant.com
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
by
The price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline fell three cents over the past week , however the current price is still roughly 20 % higher than it was just one year ago .
As of this morning , the national average price of gasoline stood at $ 2.65 per gallon , down from $ 2.68 a week ago , but up from $ 2.48 a month ago .
Â
At this time last year , the national average gas price was only $ 2.24 – and eventually bottomed out around $ 1.50 in early 2009 .
Alaska ( $ 3.33 ) and Hawaii ( $ 3.32 ) are currently the only states with an average gas price above $ 3 per gallon .
Â Missouri ( $ 2.47 ) , South Carolina ( $ 2.47 ) , Louisiana ( $ 2.46 ) , Oklahoma ( $ 2.45 ) , and Wyoming ( $ 2.38 ) are currently the only states with an average price below $ 2.50 per gallon .
Much of the recent jump in gasoline prices can be attributed to the declining value of the dollar and the run up in commodity ( specifically oil ) prices .
With last week ’s report showing U.S. unemployment at 10.2 % – the highest level since the last major recession in 1982 – it ’s clear that the world economy will remain weak for some time .
Â
This should help to keep inflation tame , and keep jumps in the price of oil and gas relatively mild .
However , should gasoline and oil prices continue on their steep climb , we could see the economy and labor market take a very nasty turn for the worse .
Crockford , webhosting , online dating , JSON , alert
This is a fun story that has a security and performance point to it .
Earlier today , Dion Almaer tweeted :
Wow , Doug added an alert ( ) to http://www.json.org/json2.js which just alerted a LOT of people on the Internet .
Proving a point on hotlinks ?
I was talking to Doug about his keynote at Add - on - Con tomorrow , and asked him what the motivation was for this alert message .
It turns out his webhosting service had contacted him about the unusually high amount of traffic on json.org .
Doug investigated and discovered that OnlineBootyCall was linking directly to http://json.org/json.js, in spite of this statement in the file :
USE YOUR OWN COPY .
IT IS EXTREMELY UNWISE TO LOAD CODE FROM SERVERS YOU DO NOT CONTROL .
Linking directly to http://json.org/json.js is bad .
Certainly , it puts a load on Doug ’s webhosting company that should n’t be there .
But more importantly , it exposes the content site to security and performance vulnerabilities .
Loading third party scripts into the parent window gives that third party access to cookies and other potentially confidential information in the page .
Accessing that script from a third party domain requires an additional DNS lookup ( which can be costly ) .
Also , if the script is at the top of the page ( which it is in this case ) and the third party site is slow or not responding , the entire page is left blank for thirty seconds or more .
It ’s best to reduce the number of third party scripts on your site .
That was the reason Doug added the alert message to the top of json.js .
If you have n’t gone to OnlineBooty Call yet today , here ’s what you would ’ve seen :
In Doug ’s words ,
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Residents of the Aberdeenshire village of Pennan could have to leave their homes while a section of cliff threatening to collapse is repaired .
Engineers have been assessing the 25 m crack above the village 's only access road , after heavy rain .
The residents would have to leave by Friday before the road is fully closed to allow the work .
The village , made famous by the classic film Local Hero , suffered severe mudslides in 2007 .
The road has been closed to the general public , and the repair work from this weekend could last a week .
The alarm was raised on Tuesday night .
If you can't handle the consequences you do n't live in a place like this
Helen Fletcher
Pennan resident Aberdeenshire Council 's chief executive Colin Mackenzie said the local authority had people in the village and the safety of residents was paramount .
He added : " It 's the road itself that 's the issue here .
" It 's not where the last landslip appeared in Pennan so the houses themselves are not particularly at risk but obviously if the road is blocked and if this landslip happened it would block the road .
" We want to make sure we have taken every step we can to advise the villagers and we 've had our staff there advising them of the possible threat . "
Hundreds of tonnes of mud and rock swept onto Pennan in 2007 Helen Fletcher told BBC Scotland : " I 've had the house for 12 years but it was a holiday home until I moved here two years ago .
" It was really serious last time and my house got a bit damaged but it 's not nothing like on that scale now .
We have been reassured by the council .
" There was a landslide about two weeks ago on that road but it was passable . "
Ms Fletcher added : " It 's a clay - based rock so it 's very unstable .
They have been shoring it up but had n't tackled that part of it .
" It 's the nature of being here .
You have to take the risk .
" If you can't handle the consequences you do n't live in a place like this . "
Steve Cowperthwaite and his wife Dawn Howard have been staying in the village to celebrate their wedding anniversary and Ms Howard 's birthday .
" We were in the pub when we heard about the landslide threat , " Mr Cowperthwaite said .
" We 're a bit worried about being trapped here so we miss our flight .
We will probably just stay put and see what the situation is like later . "
Ms Howard added : " It was ok until the police came to the door .
That scared me a bit more .
But it 's a beautiful place so I do n't mind staying here for a while . "
In 2007 , severe landslides brought hundreds of tonnes of mud and rock into the village , leading to the evacuation of all the residents .
Pennan - and the village 's red phone box - became recognised after Bill Forsyth 's 1983 film Local Hero , starring Burt Lancaster .
In 2005 , the Bafta - winning film topped a film critics ' poll for the best use of locations in Britain .
The film saw the representatives of a US petro-chemical giant , who were seeking to build a refinery in a Scottish coastal village , come to find the gentler rhythms of the local life practically irresistible .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
レプリケーションしてるMySQLで、マスタやスレーブが障害停止した場合のリカバリプラン
でも掲げたゴールである、「マスタが落ちてもぐーすか寝ていられるようにしたい」がほぼできたので、ほとんどサービスが停止することなく、フェイルオーバする様をスクリーンキャストに収めました。
埋め込みプレイヤーだと、小さくてわからないと思うので、リンク直接でみてください。
http://www.irori.org/pub/mysql-mm.mov
画面は5分割しています。
フェイルオーバのメカニズム
今回のケースでは、停止から 5 秒後には、
異常の検 知
プライマリのフェイルオーバ
が完了しています 。
フェイルオーバのメカニズムは、レプリケーションしてるMySQLで、マスタやスレーブが障害停止した場合のリカバリプラン
の 「<セカンダリをプライマリに昇格>」に書いた通りなんですが、監視とこのフェイルオーバ処理の実装は、
keepalived -- vrrp
MySQLのL7レベルの監視をするスクリプト ( check - service.db )
状態変更時にもろもろの処理をするスクリプト ( trigger- vrrp.db ) keepalived.confのnotifyや、check-service.db から実行される
で行ってます 。
For a long time I have been saying ( along with a lot of other people ) , that Hugo Chavez was running his country into the ground .
He diverted investment funds from PDVSA , Venezuela 's state - run oil company , into social programs .
As long as the price of oil kept rising , he could do that .
Unfortunately , Venezuela 's sour , heavy crude is particularly hard to get at and refine , and requires a high rate of investment in order to keep production up .
As a result , the number of barrels per day ( bpd ) that Venezuela produces has declined pretty sharply since he took office in 1999 .
As a consequence , the money that Chavez used to paper over the cracks in his socialist paradise has vanished , and the cracks are deepening :
President Hugo Chávez has been facing a public outcry in recent weeks over power failures that , after six nationwide blackouts in the last two years , are cutting electricity for hours each day in rural areas and in industrial cities like Valencia and Ciudad Guayana .
Now , water rationing has been introduced here in the capital .
The deterioration of services is perplexing to many here , especially because the country had grown used to cheap , plentiful electricity and water in recent decades .
But even as the oil boom was enriching his government and Mr. Chávez asserted greater control over utilities and other industries in this decade , public services seemed only to decay , adding to residents ' frustrations .
With oil revenues declining and the economy slowing , the shortages may have no quick fixes in sight .
The government announced some emergency measures this week , including limits on imports of air - conditioning systems , rate increases for consumers of large amounts of power and the building of new gas - fired power plants , which would not be completed until the middle of the next decade .
This comes on top of the sporadic food shortages that result from price controls combined with high inflation .
Zgodnie z popularnym powiedzeniem , żaden człowiek nie jest samotną wyspą i kontakty międzyludzkie stanowią nieodłączną część życia nas wszystkich .
Na swojej drodze spotykamy wiele różnych osób , z których to niektóre stają się naszymi przyjaciółmi , znajomymi , lub kimś , ...
The staples of the Thanksgiving holiday are ingrained in our brains and we prepare accordingly year after year .
The turkey in the oven , full of stuffing and gizzards .
Pumpkin pie cooling on the counter while the Detroit Lions find a way to lose on yet another Thanksgiving day game .
Family and friends gather to celebrate togetherness and give thanks for the good things in their lives .
Somewhere , an air cannon launches a pumpkin several thousand feet into the air , the crowd cheering as it comes crashing to the ground .
Ah , Thanksgiving .
Wait , what was that last one ?
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
The Thanksgiving tradition takes a little twist up in Sussex County , Delaware with the annual Punkin Chunkin World Championships .
Since 1986 , the annual festival is held to benefit the St. Judes Children ’s Research Hospital and Childhelp® organizations .
The festival is a three day event where hardened engineers and D.I.Y.
garage gurus build all kinds of wicked contraptions with one common goal .
To launch pumpkins as far as possible .
For the second year in a row , you can catch all the pumpkin destruction this Thanksgiving on the Science Channel .
With two specials airing on Thanksgiving night , Science Channel is n’t skimping on the pumpkin launching coverage .
Both specials are hosted by Mike Senese and Zach Selwyn , who you might remember from the Science Channel show Catch It , Keep It .
The first special The Road to Punkin Chunkin airs at 8 pm EST on Thanksgiving .
The show follows Senese and Selwyn as they travel around the nation to visit the headquarters of some of the competitors for a behind the scenes look at building the pumpkin launching machines .
The seed splattering fun continues at 9 pm EST with the Punkin Chunkin event itself .
While the press release stuff is all well and good , I wanted a first hand opinion of the event , so here ’s some first person perspective from Mike Senese .
I ’ve been following Punkin ’ Chunkin for a while , and this year I ca n’t be more excited to be attending in person .
I got a small preview a month ago when I visited with a few teams that were building and tuning their chunkers – the size and force of the machines is awesomely impressive when you experience it in person .
One thing that is particularly exciting this year is watching the evolution of the sport – there are a few teams that are bringing brand new machines that push the traditional catapult and trebuchet designs into revolutionary territory , redesigning the mechanism with highly engineered designs and never - before seen systems .
The distances are staggering ( closing in on 2000 ′ for trebuchets , over 3000 ′ for torsion catapults , and air cannons hitting just about 4500′ ) , and pretty soon someone will break the mile , which will be an amazing moment .
And at the end of the event , they roll a cargo truck out onto the field and let all the teams blast it to pieces .
With pumpkins .
Awesome !
For more , check out Mike ’s website for a great program to simulate launching with a trebuchet .
Or head over to Science Channel for a behind the scenes tour of some of the best machines and a look at the other events at the festival including the chili cook - off ( no festival would be complete without it , ) contests and concerts .
There are also some minor time wasting puzzles and games as well .
What ?
You need some video ?
Got it .
The Road to Punkin Chunkin and the Punkin Chunkin special air Thanksgiving night , starting at 8 pm EST on the Science Channel .
To the Editor :
Nicholas Wade chides Richard Dawkins in his review of “ The Greatest Show on Earth ” ( Oct. 11 ) for getting “ his knickers in a twist ” over contemporary creationism , a worldwide campaign of disinformation on which millions of dollars are being spent annually .
What would it take to get Nicholas Wade ’s knickers in a twist ?
The claim that condoms do n’t prevent the spread of HIV ?
Or does religious faith excuse any evil deed ?
If geologists had to confront a similar propaganda campaign against plate tectonics , they would get a little testy too , I imagine , and physicists might grow impatient if they had to devote half their professional time and energy to fending off claims that quantum mechanics is the work of the devil .
What is going on at The New York Times ?
Why is it so bizarrely respectful of those who doubt evolution ?
In recent years The Times has published three preposterous Op - Ed articles by evolution - doubters ( Cardinal Christoph Schönborn , Michael J. Behe and Senator Sam Brownback ) .
These no more deserved space in The Times than the opinions of flat - earthers or trance - ­channelers .
In the wake of Judge John E. Jones III ’s decision in the Dover , Pa. , case that intelligent design is a religious viewpoint that may not be taught in public schools , one would think The Times would finally recognize that the intelligent design campaign is a hoax and dishonest to the core , and stop giving it respectability in its pages .
DANIEL DENNETT
North Andover , Mass .
The writer is the author of “ Breaking the Spell ” and “ Darwin ’s Dangerous Idea . ”
•
To the Editor :
In his review of “ The Greatest Show on Earth , ” Nicholas Wade charges that Richard Dawkins is guilty of a philosophical error .
According to Wade , philosophers of science divide scientific propositions into three types — facts , laws and theories — and , contrary to Dawkins ’s assertions , evolution , which is plainly a systematic theory , cannot count as a fact .
However , contemporary philosophy of science offers a vastly more intricate vocabulary for thinking about the sciences than that presupposed in Wade ’s oversimplified taxonomy and in his confused remarks about “ absolute truth . ”
Although philosophers may quarrel with aspects of Dawkins ’s arguments on a range of issues , he has a far firmer and more subtle understanding of the philosophical issues than that manifested in Wade ’s review .
It all began 15 years ago today .
On December 3 , 1994 , Sony released the PlayStation in Japan .
The rest , as they say , is history .
Advertisement
Yes , it 's hard to remember now , but there once was a time , before WipeOut , before Tomb Raider , before PaRappa , that Sony entering the gaming business did n't sound like such a sure bet .
There was a failed attempt at a CD - based system in partnership with Nintendo .
There was the fact Sony were an unproven force in a market dominated by Nintendo and Sega .
And the PlayStation 's approach was all so adult .
Advertisement
Time , of course , has proven any doubts unfounded .
The original PlayStation blew people 's minds from the moment it launched , and its successor - the PS2 - is still the # 1 selling video game console of all time .
So it too did OK .
True , things have n't quite been the same for the company since , with both the PSP and PS3 failing to achieve the same level of market dominance .
Oh well .
There 's still plenty of time left for both platforms ( well , at least the PS3 , which has been coming along in great strides all year ) , and besides , today is n't a day for nit-picking .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's a day for clinking glasses .
Happy birthday , PlayStation .
Think it 's safe to say the video game business would n't have been the same without you .
( History buffs / Sony fans might want to check out this celebratory site , which is quite neat .
It even has the ducks ! )
One part culture , one part politics , one part abject nonsense , with the yolks broken .
An 80 - year - old man is in hospital with a fractured skull and another man has been charged after a fight broke out between two passengers on a Sydney ferry last night .
Police say two tourists got into a fight on board the Queenscliff ferry as it headed from Circular Quay to Manly about 6:00 pm ( AEDT ) .
A 31 - year - old man from Tasmania allegedly hit the 80 - year - old man from Cairns , in Queensland 's north , who then stumbled and fell to the ground , striking his head .
The ferry had to be turned back and the older man was taken to St Vincent 's Hospital while police arrested the younger man at the wharf .
He has now been charged with reckless wounding and is expected to face a Sydney court later today .
The fight happened during the evening peak hour , and caused delays while passengers were unloaded and allowed to board another ferry .
Buses had to be put on to replace the Queenslciff , which is one of three ferries that operate between Manly and Circular Quay .
ODD FACT : President George W. Bush only likes mustard on his hamburgers ... weird ( UPI Photo / John Sleezer - Kansas City Star ) | License Photo
BURNET , Texas , Nov. 18 ( UPI ) -- A
Texas jury found a man not guilty of spitting on a police chief 's hamburger after only 20 minutes of deliberation .
Tim Cowart , a defense attorney for Jaime Perez , said jurors told him and Burnet County prosecutor Joe Greer after the verdict that there was not enough evidence for a conviction , the Austin American - Statesman reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
" It 's fairly evident that the jury felt the state did n't prove its case , " Cowart said .
Perez had been accused of spitting on Burnet Police Chief Paul Nelson 's hamburger while preparing the food at the now - closed Andy 's Landing restaurant in Burnet .
He also allegedly put the vegetables from the burger in his mouth and rubbed the bun on his body .
Prosecutors said Nelson did not find out about the accusations until days after October 2008 incident .
" We had no physical evidence because ( Chief ) Paul Nelson ate it , " Greer said .
Despite the sensitive work carried out at the camp the advert does not demand that applicants have security clearance .
In fact it does not mention Guantánamo Bay by name at all .
THE IRONICALLY - NAMED ‘KEEP AMERICA SAFE ’ GETS TO WORK ….
Liz Cheney and Bill Kristol have created a new right - wing political organization .
What could possibly go wrong ?
Former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s eldest daughter Liz will launch a new group aimed at rallying opposition to the “ radical ” foreign policy of the Obama administration which it says has succeeded only in undermining the nation ’s security .
The new group , Keep America Safe , will make the case against President Barack Obama ’s moves to wrench America away from Bush era foreign policy on issues from detaining alleged terrorists at Guantanamo Bay to building a missile shield in Eastern Europe .
“ The policies being proposed by the Obama administration are so radical across the board , ” Cheney said .
“ Whether you ’re a Republican or a Democrat , you want the nation to be strong and so many steps this president is taking are making the nation weaker . ”
Liz Cheney , whose role in American politics has become strikingly poisonous , will head the group with none other than Weekly Standard editor William Kristol .
They ’ll be joined by Debra Burlingame , the sister of a pilot killed in the September 11 attacks .
Michael Goldfarb will be an adviser to the group .
Kristol , unashamed of his humiliating record and comically - flawed judgment , said , “ The Left has dozens of organizations and tens of millions of dollars dedicated to undercutting the war on terror .
The good guys need some help too . ”
Liz Cheney added that the group would defend and promote Bush - era policies : “ There ’s no turning away from that legacy at all . ”
That ’s not unexpected — self - reflection is not one of the neocons ’ strengths — but it does offer an opportunity to remind the Cheney / Kristol crowd that we tried it their way , and it was a spectacular failure .
“ Keep America Safe ” looks back at the Bush era and sees a national security record to be proud of .
Except for the catastrophic events of 9/11 , and the anthrax attacks against Americans , and terrorist attacks against U.S. allies , and the terrorist attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , and Bush ’s inability to capture those responsible for 9/11 , and waging an unnecessary war that inspired more terrorists , and the success terrorists had in exploiting Bush ’s international unpopularity , they may have a point .
The truth is , Cheney / Kristol had their day .
They got to do exactly what they wanted to do — torture , preemptive war , abandoning the rule of law , abandoning democratic norms , alienating allies , ignoring the concept of international cooperation — and they failed anyway .
In contrast , President Obama is playing by the rules and having great success in counter - terrorism .
The administration is n’t relying on torture , and is nevertheless stopping , catching , and killing the bad guys — all while improving the United States ’ standing in the world and reclaiming America ’s role as a global leader .
Liz Cheney and Bill Kristol have become clownish figures , so blinded by their ideology that they ca n’t even see the dangerous ineptitude of their agenda .
I do n’t doubt that wealthy right - wing financiers will be delighted to throw some checks at “ Keep America Safe . ”
Likewise , I can only assume that news outlets will continue to pretend that Cheney has some shred of credibility on these issues , and will have her on national television every day for the next year .
But that does n’t make this endeavor any less ridiculous .
Polizei räumt Wiener Audimax
ÖSTERREICH Zweimonatige Besetzung des Hörsaals beendet .
Obdachlose sollen auf alternative Unterkünfte verteilt werden .
Studenten - Plenum diskutiert weiteres Vorgehen
Rektor Georg Winkler rechtfertigte den Einsatz mit einer angeblichen Drogenparty
AUS WIEN RALF LEONHARD
Die Audimax - Besetzung in Wien ist Geschichte .
Am Montag morgen beendeten Dutzende Polizisten eine zweimonatige Besetzungsaktion in der österreichischen Hauptstadt .
Laut Polizei befanden sich nur 15 Studenten , aber 80 Obdachlose im größten Hörsaal der Uni , mit dessen Besetzung am 22 .
Oktober eine landesweite Protestbewegung begonnen hatte .
Widerstand gab es keinen .
Eilig herbeitelefonierte Sympathisanten fanden sich zu einer spontanen Protestkundgebung vor dem Gründerzeitbau an der Ringstraße .
„ Heute Abend hätten im Plenum die Bedingungen für eine Einigung mit der Universität beschlossen werden sollen “ , heißt es in einer Erklärung der Besetzer .
Von ihrer Seite habe Bereitschaft geherrscht , noch vor Weihnachten eine Lösung zu finden .
Rektor Georg Winkler rechtfertigte den Einsatz mit einer angeblichen Drogenparty , die am Wochenende stattgefunden habe .
Zudem hätten die Vorbereitungen für „ wilde Weihnachts - und Silvesterpartys “ das „ Handeln jetzt notwendig “ gemacht .
Dagegen verwahren sich die die Besetzer .
Um keinen Vorwand für polizeiliches Einschreiten zu liefern , hatten sie im Audimax schon lange ein Alkoholverbot verhängt .
Der Reinigungsdienst funktionierte nach den etwas chaotischen ersten Tagen reibungslos – nicht zuletzt dank der Obdachlosen .
Die Unterbringung der ausländischen Obdachlosen , die zu den Notschlafstellen der Stadt keinen Zugang haben , war zuletzt die wichtigste Forderung der Besetzer .
Die Unterstandslosen bekamen von den Polizisten ein Informationsblatt mit Adressen von alternativen Unterkünften .
Die Leute müssten nicht bei 15 Grad unter Null im Park nächtigen , versicherte die Polizei .
Die Audimaxisten halten das für unglaubwürdig .
„ Die Vorbereitungen für die Versorgung der Obdachlosen waren noch nicht ganz abgeschlossen . “
Rund 100 Obdachlose stünden ein paar Tage vor Weihnachten auf der Straße .
„ Diese Menschen wurden heute mutwillig in die Kälte geschickt “ , kritisiert Markus Reiter , Geschäftsführer der Notschlafstelle Neunerhaus .
Am Montagabend wollten die Besetzer in einer Plenarsitzung den weiteren Weg diskutieren .
Eine Mehrheit hatte sich bereits dafür ausgesprochen , das Audimax zwar formal weiter besetzt zu halten , aber für den Vorlesungsbetrieb freizugeben .
Die hohen Kosten für das Anmieten von Sälen im Austria Center waren den Besetzern vom Rektorat immer wieder vorgehalten worden .
1,3 Millionen Euro soll das bisher gekostet haben .
Die geplante Plenarsitzung wurde jetzt in den Hörsaal C 1 des Uni-Campus verlegt , der besetzt bleibt .
Die politischen und akademischen Forderungen der Besetzungsbewegung sind in fünf Arbeitsforen delegiert worden , die Ende Januar mit den inhaltlichen Debatten beginnen sollen .
Einen symbolischen Erfolg hat die Bewegung schon erreicht .
Der neue Begriff „ Audimaxismus “ wurde von einer Fachjury der Universität Graz in Kooperation mit der Austria Presse Agentur ( APA ) zum Wort des Jahres gewählt .
The latest clashes in the highly charged arena of the Bangladeshi garment industry ...
Tongi , an industrial city located 15 miles ( 24 km ) north of Dhaka ; early last Saturday morning ( 31st Oct ) several hundred workers turned up at the gates of the Nippon Garment Factory at Ershad Nagar - expecting to work and to receive wage arrears owed them .
Instead they found police blocking the entrance - and posted on the gates a note informing them that the factory was shut from October 31 to November 29 because of " global recession and some unwanted incidents " .
The notice also asked workers to collect their overdue wages from the factory office on November 10 - though the arrears were 3 months late and workers had been promised payment would be made that day .
Infuriated , the mainly female workers then tried to force their way into the factory - leading to scuffles and , eventually , baton charges by police .
( Expecting trouble , the factory bosses had requested police be stationed inside the premises on Friday night . )
As more workers and locals from the surrounding slum areas joined the protest the crowd grew to several thousand and moved to block the main Dhaka - Mymensingh Highway .
The road remained blocked for the next 5 hours as the area became a battleground .
A bus was set alight , several other vehicles burned and as the fighting intensified hundreds of police and para- military law enforcement personnel poured into the area .
Police began firing gunshots and teargas shells while workers responded with bricks and barricades .
" " The law - enforcers had to fire rubber bullets from shotguns to disperse the workers who hurled stones and bricks at our officers , " Inspector Shafiqul Alam said " .
Three people were shot dead by cops , with 100 others injured , several with bullet wounds .
Included in the casualties were 16 policemen ( one in a critical condition ) .
News footage shows police shooting indiscriminately into buildings .
Workers and locals reported that police ransacked homes and small shops in the area .
By 11.30 am an increased security presence reduced the disturbances - but periodic clashes continued into the afternoon as news of the deaths spread alongside claims by workers of seeing police hiding and removing other corpses .
Nine of the injured were admitted to Dhaka Medical College Hospital , clinic official Abdul Baten told AFP .
" All of the injured have wounds caused by live ammunition and some are in serious condition , " he said .
Police insisted , however , they used only rubber bullets to quell the unrest .
( World News Australia - 1 Nov 09 )
Despite the deaths at police hands it has been reported that " ... the police had lodged cases not only against thousands of people , including workers and some residents of the adjacent areas , but also against those who have died in police firing ... " ( New Age - Nov 3 09 )
So perhaps the dead will be prosecuted along with the living .
A police chief said on the day ; " The situation was totally unexpected .
If the owner of the garment factory had a discussion with the workers before closing it , this incident might have been avoided . "
But the next day he oddly claimed that many protesters wore lungi ( a skirt - like garment more suitable than trousers in warmer climates ) so they must be outside agitators , even though the lungi is a commonly worn garment for Bangladeshi men ( but news footage anyway contradicts his claim ) .
He added " I 've never heard of garment workers using [ Molotov ] cocktails and firearms in clashes .
It seems to me that outsiders instigated it . "
( ATN News , Bangladesh ) .
If Molotovs and firearms really were used by workers it might indeed be a sign of a sharp escalation / upping the stakes of their struggles .
But the police chief is the only source to claim this and no cops were shot , so this dubious claim is probably an attempt to justify the police shootings .
The claim that " The situation was totally unexpected " is also false - cops were already deployed in and around the factory on the previous evening .
Similarly , the claims of unrest being organised by " outsiders " are routine statements always wheeled out on such occasions - both to try and downplay the self - organising abilities of workers and to justify greater resources and repressive powers for the cops to hunt down the supposed conspirators .
Despite being referenced and blamed for decades , none of these outside agitators have ever been caught or proved to exist .
Such claims are also often thinly veiled nationalistic references playing on fears of big brother neighbour India , or refer to native Islamic fundamentalists desiring to destabilise a state too secular for their liking , or to the main opposition BNP party .
Some political rivals of the ruling party may indeed be happy to see the disturbances embarass their opponents , but they certainly do n't control them .
That the police knew well enough that trouble was brewing is further illustrated by a leaked intelligence report ; an intelligence agency alerted the government a week previously ;
The Special Branch of police in its report submitted to the home ministry put forward a four - point recommendation to avert the unrest .
The recommendations were facilitating reopening of the factories and reinstating the sacked workers .
Moreover , ensuring payment of salaries and wages of the workers from BGMEA funds and deploying adequate police force as well as increasing intelligence vigilance were also recommended .
The report stated that fear of unrest was looming at the entire RMG sector due to " tyranny " and " non-cooperation " by some factory owners .
It added owners of three factories did not become sympathetic to their workers even after the latter staged demonstrations and formed human chains to press home their demands .
As their salary and wages were not paid , these workers were passing a miserable life without paying their house rents and dues at grocery shops , said the report .
It added already different labour unions were keeping close contacts with those workers .
The intelligence agency also mentioned that more than 2,000 workers of three factories who were sacked by the authorities have been demanding their salary , wages and arrears for the last few weeks .
These three RMG factories have shut their offices without paying wages , salaries and arrears of the workers , said the report .
It was suspected that the sacked and unemployed workers along with their colleagues at different factories at the instigation of some labour leaders might launch a massive demonstration any time , the report gave the alert .
( Daily Star - 1 Nov 09 )
Futures
Fazlul Haque , head of the 1,300 - member Bangladesh Knitwear Manufacturers and Exporters Association , said the global slowdown had forced many factories in the country to lay off workers or shut down .
" Western retailers who are our top buyers have cut orders and squeezed prices .
The big factories have somehow coped , but most of the small - and medium - sized factories are facing very tough times , " he said .
In the first two months of the financial year to August 2010 , overseas shipments fell by three percent .
Unions said factories have cut wages to compete for orders with other apparel - producers , such as Vietnam , China and India .
( World News Australia - 1 Nov 09 )
This is only the latest in a series of violent clashes in the garment sector .
It was a decline in orders that prompted the Nippon Garment bosses in this case to refuse payment to workers ; as the recession and intensified market competition has hit employers they have been even more reluctant than usual to pay workers on time .
This leaves workers and their dependents in dire straits , unable to pay rent or pay off debts at local grocery shops who advance credit to workers .
For garment workers - many of whom are permanently malnourished - a missed wage packet is often a short step away from real hunger .
Garment industries thrive in poorer countries due largely to low labour costs and low start - up costs .
But now those larger firms who are weathering the financial crisis better and with sufficient capital reserves have begun switching to more automated production systems , using computer technology to increase efficiency in cutting , knitting , dyeing and finishing ;
Viyellatex Group is the country 's first garments factory that has implemented the expensive Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) solution from SAP Germany , said Group Chairman KM Rezaul Hasanat .
Some multinationals and other local business houses now adopt the ERP solution , but in the garments sector Viyellatex Group is using it , Hasanat pointed out .
" Viyellatex Group is one of the leading factories worldwide which is using ERP from SAP .
The group implemented the ERP in its Gazipur based factory in December last year at a cost of $ 2 million , " Hasanat added .
" I save time and wastage in my factory in almost all the sections .
I can know the on - time production by one click alone , " the Viyellatex boss said .
Talking to The Daily Star , Shahadat Hossain Kiron , managing director of Dekko Group , one of the leading apparel makers , said he plans to install the SAP software to bring efficiency at all levels .
He said currently almost all modern factories are setting aside their traditional methods and adopting automated systems .
" Efficiency in cutting , knitting , dyeing and finishing has been attained because of the application of these technologies , " Kiron said .
( Daily Star - May 7 2009 )
These innovations are necessary to maintain competition with Asian RMG competitors such as Vietnam , Cambodia , China and India .
But in the present climate this trend may be another factor increasing unemployment levels .
( A recent report optimistically sees the growth of a domestic Asian consumer market as a way out of recession for Asian garment producers , based largely on the increasing consumption of the new middle classes that have emerged as a result of industrial development in Asia .
But this market is , for the foreseeable future , not even close to being able to compensate for or replace the global export markets . [ 1 ] )
Enter the unions ?
" The government will not tolerate anarchism in garment sector as this is the main source of foreign currency . "
- Prime Minister Hasina . ( Daily Star - Nov 3 09 )
The Ready Made Garment ( RMG ) sector employs around 3 million workers directly - at least 80 % female - and 2 million in its subsidiary industries ( transport , supplies etc. ) .
Some 7 million people are dependent on the earnings of these workers .
Over 75 per cent of the country 's foreign currency comes from RMG exports .
This narrow economic dependency on one industry ( the other main foreign currency earner is remittance - money sent home by migrant workers ) makes Bangladesh particularly vulnerable to disruption of supply - especially as many contracts are dependent on tight turnaround / delivery times .
So labour conflict in the RMG sector has far - reaching socio-economic consequences , particularly at a time when regional competition for a share of shrinking international markets is fierce .
Drawing attention of the apparel industries ’ owners to a stark disparity , the prime minister said in many cases , the money spent on a day ’s shopping by an owner was more than the monthly salary of a garment worker .
‘ We do not expect such a reality .
One thing you ( owners ) have to keep in mind that by oppressing the workers and depriving them , no industry can sustain , ’ Hasina said .
( New Age - Nov 3 09 )
There has long been a conflict of interest within the Bangladeshi ruling class on RMG labour relations .
A substantial number of MPs in both main parties , the ruling Awami League and opposition Bangladeshi National Party , have business interests in the RMG sector - as investors or factory owners .
Since the emergence of the industry in the early 1980s they have , despite recurring labour unrest , seen the profits roll in as markets expanded and have seen little need to concede any major concessions in the form of wage rises , working conditions or union representation .
But the more far - sighted of the ruling class , aware of the potential vulnerability of the industry ( and often with less immediate business interests to protect ) , have long called for wide - spread trade union representation to be introduced as a stabilising institutional influence .
If workers are paid less than the cost of their own self - reproduction something eventually has to give .
The explosive anger of RMG workers is clearly expressed in recent news footage as they describe the hardships they endure and how they are cheated out of what are already some of the lowest wages in the world .
The unions have themselves admitted that their influence among RMG workers is marginal and that they have little or no influence over the regular disturbances ; they have often functioned more like NGO 's , providing charitable and legal services , international lobbying etc rather than actual negotiation / mediation of workplace conflicts between workers and bosses .
( In fact some union - type organisations were set up by western NGO's - and NGO 's have sometimes themselves taken on certain union - type functions . )
But all this may be about to change .
In the aftermath of the Tongi clashes and similar recent unrest , the government has announced it will introduce trade unions in the garment sector .
The class struggle and the forms it takes has developed largely autonomously in the industry , with little institutional mediation .
This has contributed to the intensity and explosive character of garment workers ' struggles ; and as the economic recession forces further attacks on working class living conditions and workers with little left to lose express greater fury , it is this that the ruling class seek to contain with the introduction of trade unions .
If the union reform is implemented , will it work ?
Certainly the institutionalising of certain health and safety measures ( deaths in factory fires are common , as are many occupational illnesses ) as well as legal powers to enforce a living wage that is actually regularly paid would be popular among workers .
But this depends on the garment bosses and the state showing a willingness to both grant reforms and then actually enforce them - which has never been the case so far .
Promises have repeatedly been broken on these issues - and if there are no concessions on offer to win through union negotiation on behalf of workers , then unions will remain as largely irrelevant as they are today .
( Another factor is that unions have often been as corrupt as most other political institutions in Bangladesh and have often been merely instruments of the political goals of one of the main political parties . )
The unions have to try to establish credibility and take representative control of a workforce that has , over the past 25 years , shown itself consistently capable of a high level of self - organisation and solidarity .
It is possible that the well - established current forms of mass struggle - regular wildcat strikes that then picket out neighbouring factories , roadblocks , riots and attacks on bosses ' property - will prove hard to overcome .
=========
Footnote
[ 1 ] Asian textiles surge back
ASIAN textiles , once considered a fading industry , are now showing strong growth prospects mainly due to demand from expanding middle classes , according to a recent AFP news agency report from Singapore .
Development of ' latest technology ' in this regard is also attributed for the growing success of the Asian textiles sector .
Known in the past as back - alley shops churning out cheap material , many Asian firms are shedding their sweatshop image as they move to compete in the global market .
Stricter environmental standards required by Western countries are also prompting consolidation and innovation in the industry , according to one of the world 's top suppliers of textile dyes and chemicals .
One year after the global financial crisis exploded , Asian economies are rebounding faster than the West , boosting the textile industry 's hopes .
The Asian Development Bank recently upgraded its forecast for the region 's 2009 economic growth to 3.9 per cent .
China is forecast to grow 8.2 per cent this year and 8.9 per cent in 2010 .
The market is changing , customer taste and demand are also changing - as spectacularly visible from increased spending power in the Chinese provinces .
In business , the future is in Asia and it is going to be driven from Asia , not from Europe and America , the media report said .
Bangladesh , India , Pakistan and China are the world 's top textile producers as well as major consumers .
Apart from apparel , a major driver for the industry is the demand for what is called ' technical textiles ' or fabrics used in cars , mattress covers , bags , tents and parachutes , among others .
As Asia 's spending power grows , people want to buy different products and that is going to lead to the development of a whole new market for technical textiles which , in fact , did not exist before .
( The New Nation - Nov 3 09 )
Annie Kemkaran - Smith , English Heritage curator at the Home of Charles Darwin , Down House in Kent , explains the significance of Darwin 's Galapagos notebook , how it went missing and what you can do to help find it .
Charles Darwin's encounter with the first of the two creatures that would provide him with the early clues for his theory of evolution was not a dramatic one .
" Met an immense Turpin ; took little notice of me , " the 26 - year - old jotted in his notebook in 1835 .
But the young naturalist would take notice of the tortoise , not least when he later heard it remarked that the tortoises on different Galapagos islands could be distinguished from each other by the variations in their shells .
In pictures : Darwin 's notebooks Working his way across the Galapagos archipelago , Darwin continued to scribble down notes : " The Thenca very tame & curious in these Islds .
I certainly recognise S. America in ornithology , would a botanist ? "
Thenca was the Spanish name for the Chilean mockingbird .
Darwin noted the similarity between the mainland bird and those on the Galagapos , but he also noticed the differences between his specimens from different islands .
Years later in On the Origin of Species , Darwin would answer that hastily - jotted question with his theory that species were not fixed for all time but were continuously evolving : Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The relations just discussed [ including ] the very close relation of the distinct species which inhabit the islets of the same archipelago , and especially the striking relation of the inhabitants of each whole archipelago or island to those of the nearest mainland , are , I think , utterly inexplicable on the ordinary view of the independent creation of each species , but are explicable on the view of colonisation from the nearest and readiest source , together with the subsequent modification and better adaptation of the colonists to their new homes . "
Darwin's Galapagos notebook is an invaluable record of some of the most famous few weeks in the history of science .
It is also missing and on this , the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species , we are asking the public for its help in finding it .
Appeal
The notebook disappeared - it was possibly stolen - around the early 1980s from the home of Charles Darwin , Down House in Kent , before the house came under the care of English Heritage .
The missing notebook is small , almost square , and bound in red leather with a brass clasp .
It is labelled on the outside with a rough itinerary in Darwin 's handwriting , marked " Galapagos .
Otaheite .
Lima " .
Inside the front cover is written , " C. Darwin H.M Beagle " .
The first alarm bells as to its whereabouts sounded in the early 1980s when Professor Richard Keynes , great grandson of Charles Darwin , visited Down House and noticed it was missing .
Darwin wrote detailed accounts of his journeys and discoveries
There was a period when the notebooks had been kept on one of the tables in Darwin 's study , within easy reach of visitors .
When English Heritage acquired Down House in 1996 , we registered the notebook with The Art Loss Register .
Thankfully a microfilm of the Galapagos notebook was made in 1969 .
And our appeal for help comes as we publish online highlights from the microfilm and the full contents of the remaining 14 notebooks that Darwin used to jot down his day - to - day thoughts while travelling around the world on board HMS Beagle .
Visitors to www.english-heritage.org.uk/darwin will be able to read the notebooks - all 116,000 words and 300 sketches and doodles - for themselves .
They offer special glimpses into Darwin 's mind .
While out in the field , the scientist would scribble down his immediate - and often brilliant - thoughts on what most intrigued him .
They contain a mixture of geological , zoological and personal observations , including notes on the fossils he had excavated , his discovery of a new frog off Chile , and an attack by giant black bedbugs in Argentina .
Down House in Kent was home to Charles Darwin for 40 years .
The ground floor rooms have been re-created as they appeared when he lived there with his wife and their ten children .
The missing notebook disappeared from Down House
They include the study where Darwin wrote his books - it still displays his chair , desk and many personal items .
But the missing Galapagos notebook remains a serious loss and while it is wonderful that people can now leaf through his notebooks online , we 're hoping that the missing notebook will be returned to the home of its writer .
For further information on Charles Darwin , his home at Down House and his field notebooks , visit English Heritage .
If you have any information concerning the missing Galapagos notebook , please email darwinnotebook@english-heritage.org.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remember back in the day when the West was still wild , the gold rush was still in full effect , you owned whatever land you could manage to fence off , and tycoons were being made and broken on a daily basis ?
No ?
Well , some of you whippersnappers might be too young to recall it , but trust us , it happened -- and it seems like that 's the kind of frontier mentality we 're getting again today in the nascent Android landscape .
Just a couple weeks after launching , mobile ad clearinghouse AdMob reports that the Motorola Droid is already accounting for a whopping 24 percent of all its Android - based traffic -- no small feat , considering that the then - unreleased device did n't even move the needle in their October report ( pictured in the left graph ) .
The HTC Dream -- the world 's first retail Android device , you might remember -- still reigns supreme at 36 percent , but it 's amazing that the entire Android space is still volatile enough to register nearly a 25 percent shift with the launch of a single new device on a single carrier .
For comparison , the CLIQ clocks in with a lowly 6 percent -- proof that Verizon 's aggressive advertising has been working some magic .
Question is , what 'll be the next device to completely screw up this pie chart again ?
Free Windows 7 Trial Download - Download Windows 7 Enterprise Edition 90 Days Trial Version
If you wonder how Window 7 fits your requirements and if you want to try Windows 7 before you buy it , then you can free download Windows 7 trial ( Windows 7 Enterprise Edition 90 days trial version ) and evaluate Windows 7 during this free trial period .
90 - day Windows 7 Trial Enterprise version is prepared especially for the requirements of IT professionals managing their organization 's PC environments and making decisions on migrating or updating operating systems .
Windows 7 trial version enables IT professional to test their applications , software and hardware on Windows 7 released to manufacture built version .
Buy evaluating the Windows 7 Enterprise edition during the 90 - day trial period , IT professionals can test and see how Windows 7 key improvements and enhancements will effect their information technologies substructure in the manner of productivity , managebility and security .
The 90 days period for free Windows 7 trial will gain the hands - on experience for IT workers to measure the benefits of migrating to Windows 7 from their existing OS structure .
Microsoft Windows 7 Free Download Although Windows 7 has not yet released to marketplace for end customers to buy and install Windows 7 on their computers , IT professionals using Microsoft products and services like MSDN Subscribers , TechNet Plus Subscribers , Microsoft Partners and Volume Licence Software Assurance customers had download windows 7 , installed it and have been trying the final release of Windows 7 for a long time .
If you are not lucky to be one of the above IT professional groups , then you can still download free Windows 7 and test the Windows 7 Enterprise 90 - day trial edition free .
Actually Microsoft is not encouraging home users to download Windows 7 and install this free trial Windows 7 download Enterprise edition , since they released this built for IT professionals who want to see how Windows 7 will effect overall productivity in their organizations .
These IT professionals including network administrators and system administrators can gain the necessary experience to test and measure the risks of a Windows 7 migration and deployment of their PC 's if they decide to use Windows 7 as operating system in their organizations .
Windows 7 Enterprise Edition 90 - day Trial is available for both 32 - bit and 64 - bit computers .
Windows 7 trial edition is realesed for test of customers in 5 languages including English , Spanish , German , Japanese and French .
Minimum requirements of Windows 7 free trial download version is listed as follows :
1 GHz or faster 32 - bit ( x86 ) or 64 - bit ( x64 ) processor
1 GB of RAM for 32 - bit and 2 GB RAM for 64 - bit trial edition
16 GB available disk space for 32 - bit and 20 GB available disk space for 64 - bit edition
Minimum DirectX 9 graphics processor with a WDDM 1.0 or a higher driver
Free Trial Windows 7 Download Link
You can download Windows 7 Enterprise 90 - day trial version free from windows 7 download link : Microsoft TechNet Evaluation Center .
Besides trial Windows 7 download , you will also find guides , warnings and download links about the Windows 7 trial download at the same Windows 7 free download link .
I believe this is a good change for free Windows 7 download and trial before purchasing Windows7 .
Not Found
The requested URL /2009/10/managing-cisco-security - data - with - python / was not found on this server .
Apache Server at www.nathanfarrar.com
Port 80
Update : the central premise of the attack was correct -- the cougher was indeed sick ; I now have the flu .
--
If you think tensions over swine flu are exaggerated , think again .
We saw a violent altercation between two women this morning on the New York City subway because of H1N1 .
The D train was traveling south from Rockefeller Center ( 50th Street ) to Bryant Park ( 42nd Street ) shortly after 8:00 am .
One woman , perhaps 5 ' 7 " , slightly overweight and with dyed reddish blond hair , was coughing without covering her mouth .
Maybe it was swine flu , maybe not .
Another woman , roughly 5 ' 2 " , stocky , with her blond hair in a slicked - back bun , was nearby , clearly displeased .
She made a curt comment to the first woman , something to the effect of " you need to cover your mouth -- I do n't want swine flu . "
The second woman continued to yell at the cougher , berating her until she reacted , beginning to curse back .
It escalated , and the accosting woman yelled " get the conductor ! "
No one got the conductor -- it just seemed like a shouting match -- but as the train pulled into 42nd Street , the coughing woman spit on the other , provoking what sounded like a punch from the reaction of the crowd ( we did n't directly see it ) .
Then the cougher attempted to exit the train as the doors were open , but the second woman grabbed her by the back of the hair , violently yanking her down to the floor .
The last action happened directly in front of us .
The cougher got up , yelling and cursing , but was escorted out of the train by what appeared to be a friend .
Your correspondent , who had been sleepily reading about CIT 's bankruptcy filing , held the shorter woman back , who kept screaming as the second woman left the train .
Mercifully , the train doors closed , separating the two women , and continued to 34th Street .
Most passengers shook their heads at the absurdity of the situation .
But more than a few sympathized with the woman who was coughed on .
" She was n't even covering her mouth , " said one woman .
" That sh-t was going all over the train . "
Added a male witness : " I could have decked her too .
That swine flu is treacherous . "
Note : the image here is not of the actual train this morning .
IMPORTANT !
NOTICE -
We are away until May 1 2019 - so if you cannot wait until May 2019 , you can send us an Email , but the office is closed until May 2019
Orders for some items can go through Amazon , but a lot of our Micro R/C stuff ca n’t be shipped until May 2019 .
IMPORTANT !
The Scottish site is the first dark sky park outside the US
Enlarge Image
By Sarah Bell
BBC News
A spot in Scotland has picked up an international award , confirming it as one of the best places for stargazing in the world .
But what is the importance of being able to see the stars ?
The harsh orange glow of sodium street lights and blinking of lights on 747s are about the only sights in the night - time sky for the average town - dweller in Britain .
The urban spread is such these days that even in the countryside , the dark delights of shooting stars and sprawling galaxies are muted by light pollution from towns and cities .
But those deprived of real darkness now have at least one destination in the UK to head for - Galloway Forest Park .
The 300sq mile Forestry Commission site has been commended for its dark skies and named one of the best places in the world for stargazing .
The only limit to what you can see is how good your eyes are
Steve Owens
Unesco International Year of Astronomy
Forest park given Dark Sky honour
Some may question why anyone would want to plunge themselves into a black abyss , with only the speckled flecks of brightness from thousands of light years away to feast their eyes on .
But for others , a glimpse of what dwells in pitch - black sky goes some way to unlocking the mysteries of life itself .
In short , gazing upwards can prompt some profound inward gazing too .
" I saw dark skies and was totally hooked at a very young age , " says Steve Owens , who is UK coordinator for the Unesco International Year of Astronomy .
" It 's something quite primitive in human nature .
Humans are inquisitive creatures , they like to ask questions and it makes you think about your place in the universe , " says Mr Owens , speaking from Galloway Forest Park .
" It can seem like problems on Earth are big , but when you come here , you realise your place in the world is quite small .
It does provoke deeper thoughts , it inspires people to be more introspective . "
' Wow ' moment
It is estimated about 7,000 stars can be spotted from the Galloway park , compared with a paltry few hundred , at most , in Britain 's towns and cities .
Light pollution - less of a problem in the old days
From the prime location of the park , the Milky Way and the nearest galaxy to our own , Andromeda , can be glimpsed with the naked eye .
It also provides ring - side seats for spectacular meteor showers .
This sky there is " as dark as anything you will ever see " says Mr Owens .
" Even if you drive half - an - hour outside a city you can't see as much .
When you bring someone to see a sky as dark as this you get a real ' wow ' moment .
People get hooked on astronomy after just one experience out here .
" The only limit to what you can see is how good your eyes are .
When you 've been outside for half - an - hour and your eyes become used to the light , more and more will appear . "
But the spread of artificial light - and the way it has eroded our sense of real darkness - means most people do n't give a split second of thought to stars in the sky , says Mr Owens , " whereas it was a big part of people 's lives just a couple of hundred years ago " .
The issue of light pollution has become a rallying cause for environmentalists in recent years , with the British Astronomical Society running a Campaign for Dark Skies .
But in just seven years between 1993 and 2000 , light pollution in England increased by 24 % while the amount of " truly dark night sky " fell from 15 % to 11 % , according to the Council for the Protection of Rural England .
But it 's not just a pretty view of the night sky that light pollution is interfering with .
Some scientists think the 24/7 glow that many of us live with gives rise to health and environmental problems .
Unceasing light is thought to disrupt the body 's natural internal clock , its circadian rhythms of sleep and wakefulness .
" Research seems to suggest this has a detrimental affect , " Mr Owen says .
And it 's not just humans who are experiencing the side effects .
From turtles and terrapins in the Caribbean , whose breeding patterns have been shown to be disrupted , to nocturnal creatures such as bats , light can affect where the insects they feed upon gather .
It can also make it easier for predators to prey upon them .
" We 're only beginning to understand the impact this can have on animals . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is no secret that Microsoft is doing whatever it can to eat away at Google ’s immense market share of the search market , with Bing being its most ambitious effort yet .
Well , it seems the battle just got a whole lot dirtier , as The Financial Times has uncovered news that Microsoft has approached several news content providers , offering them money if they “ de- index ” their sites from Google .
Recently , there ’s been a lot of talk about for - pay news distribution models on the internet , with News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch at the forefront .
He has threatened with legal action to prevent Google from “ stealing ” articles published in his newspapers .
It appears Microsoft is taking this opportunity of turmoil to strike a blow at Google .
Even though it was News Corp. that first approached Microsoft about the plan , The Financial Times has learnt that Microsoft has approached other news content providers by itself .
Both News Corp. and Microsoft declined to comment .
Even though Google did n’t have anything to say about this specific story , it did try to downplay the importance of news listings for Google .
“ Economically it ’s not a big part of how we generate revenue , ” Matt Brittin , Google ’s UK director , told an audience during a conference last week .
While we like to think this is all about search engines , the stakes are much higher for news content providers .
Many of them have been struggling for a long time now trying to make profit from the internet , and with the printed media bleeding subscribers and sales , they need some other way to make revenue .
When the internet was just a tool to get new readers , content providers had no problems with it – but now that the internet is more and more turning into the primary source for news , the printed media suffers .
If this battle persists , it could be the printed media that benefit , receiving sacks of money from Microsoft and Google .
NEW DELHI —
Thanks to an anonymous group of computer geeks , India 's first international Internet porn star is fast becoming this conservative country 's answer to Wonder Woman — and Monica Lewinsky .
But here 's the trick :
The steamy web seductress is a cartoon .
Meet the creator of Savita Bhabhi .
Turning the tables on Bollywood 's demure heroines — who 've only recently started agreeing to lip - to - lip kisses on screen — “ Savita Bhabhi ” ( or sister - in - law Savita ) is a buxom , recently married housewife who knows what she wants and how to get it .
More : Challenge XXX
Bored with her workaholic husband , she seduces door - to - door salesmen , neighborhood cricket players , even a not - so - subtle stand - in for the gray - bearded Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan — a move that earned her some flak from Indian entertainment channels .
Though pornography is illegal in India , Savita Bhabhi 's sexual misadventures , published on savitabhabhi.com with scripts based on fantasies submitted by fans , have attracted a huge following , according to one of the strip 's anonymous creators , who goes by the screen name Deshmukh .
More :
Why skin is n't seeing a revival
“ We get 60 million unique visitors every month .
The average time a visitor spends on our site is more than 10 minutes , ” the site administrator told GlobalPost by email .
“ Almost
70 percent of our traffic is from India , while the rest is from the U.S. , U.K. and more than 80 other countries . ”
( Read more about my interview with this secret creator of Savita Bhabhi , here ) .
Part of the reason for its success is its diversity .
With the help of volunteers — recent posts on the Savita Bhabhi fan site read “ Urgent !
Calling all script writers ! ” and “ We need translators !
Are you up for it ? ” — Savita 's creators publish the strip in 10 different Indian languages , along with English .
By all appearances , it 's a tough job .
In another recent fan post , a user named Srinkar pleads , “ If possible , develop your Bengali language up to date , as most of us are eagerly waiting to take the maximum pleasure through the mother tongue . ”
Indeed .
But the secret to Savita 's popularity is n't so much her Pamela Anderson proportions as her roots in Indian culture .
Complaining about a long digression featured in one episode , a user called Sex Drive explains , “ The reason SB is so popular is because people fantasize about a sari clad bhabhi being so raunchy and sexually liberated .
You take her out of the equation and the fantasy just ends there . ”
Dr. Prakash Kothari , an eminent Bombay sexologist , explains .
“ Bhabhi means sister - in - law , or brother 's wife .
Most men are quite intimate with and take advice from their bhabhi .
It 's someone who 's there to advise you , to help you , to make fun of you , to crack jokes , whom you can ask any intimate questions . ”
And an object of sexual fantasy ?
In Indian culture , sex with your bhabhi is n't taboo on the order of Oedipus , the doc says , but it is n't kosher , either .
“ It 's not welcome , it 's not permitted , it 's not accepted by society .
Having advice from your own bhabhi is acceptable , but having sex with her is not . ”
“ [ A ] bhabhi is the Indian version of a MILF , ” explained Deshmukh , who came up with the idea for the comic while boozing it up with fellow Indian exiles in the U.S.
“ Though in literal terms it means your “ brother ’s wife ” — that is not the meaning here .
For an Indian youngster his first fantasy is normally the newly married hot woman in the neighborhood who is referred to as a hot Bhabhi .
Hence it seemed only natural that our hot heroine whom the entire neighborhood lusts after be called Savita Bhabhi . ”
There 's obviously a spoof factor here .
But the slightly zany aspects of an impossibly curvaceous middle - class housewife slipping out of her sari for , say , a “ special massage ” from her servant boy does n't account for Savita Bhabhi 's massive following .
That lies in the cleverness of the comic 's creators , who have tapped into current anxieties about the social changes brought about by modernity as well as nostalgia for past forms of printed entertainment .
“ One of the reasons for creating SB was to also portray that Indian women have sexual desires too , ” Deshmukh said .
“ India is a country which is still sexually repressed and I feel that for it to break the shackles , it is the women of India who are going to have to come out first .
We are already seeing that in a way , and hopefully SB will do her bit to help in this revolution . ”
That repression — and the temptation to escape it — is a big part of the comic 's appeal , explains sociologist Sanjay Srivastava , the author of " Passionate Modernity : Sexuality , Class and Consumption in India . "
“ It plays upon a well - established male anxiety and desire — wanting and being scared of the modern woman , ” he said .
“ It 's good to have a modern woman as a girlfriend , but [ as the serial cuckolding of Savi 's husband illustrates ] it 's dangerous to have her as a wife . ”
At the same time , though , Savita Bhabhi offers a bit of humor for the 30 - something generation who grew up with the ubiquitous Amar Chitra Katha comics depicting tales from Hindu religious mythology .
“ [ It ] also borrows from that artwork , ” says Srivastava .
“ So for some people some of the pleasure is that it 's a kind of satire of those religious comic books . ”
Nevertheless , not every bastion of tradition is unassailable , according to some fans .
“ I am not able to log on to the website as it is banned in UAE , ” writes Bhushan Ar. “ I tried with proxy but no use ... kindly help guys , I am the newest fan of bhabhi . ”
Read more GlobalPost dispatches by Jason Overdorf :
In India , love hurts
Tigers of India : Tourism to the rescue ?
India 's missing children
Game developer RedLynx has been exploring a novel marketing technique for its products .
Instead of trying to get all its titles removed from torrent sites , the company itself is distributing ' hacked ' copies of the games , hoping to convert torrent site users into paying customers .
Last summer the gaming company RedLynx decided to market its new game Trials 2 on various BitTorrent sites .
Instead of worrying that the game might end up being pirated , the company decided to upload the bike game themselves as a promotional tool .
“ Piracy is here , so how can we take advantage of that ?
What we did actually , on day one , we put that game immediately on all the torrent networks ourselves , ” RedLynx CEO Tero Virtala , told a panel discussion at the Develop game conference .
The company did n’t upload the full game , but a slightly altered version which excluded the leaderboards that are required to play against other users on the Internet , hoping that it would convert some ‘ pirates ’ into paying customers .
“ That game relies really heavily on the server side – the leaderboards are the soul of the game , ” Virtala said .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s helped , I ’d assume so because even though the version that we put on the torrent networks was n’t the full version , it ’s the version of the game without the actual soul , without the leaderboards to play against other players , ” Virtala said .
Unfortunately the company has no way of knowing whether the free marketing on torrent sites has paid off .
Thus far RedLynx has sold almost 150,000 copies of the game , but unlike the CEO claims , it is also available on torrent sites in a version where the leaderboard functionality is hacked .
It is good to see that companies are recognizing that giving away games on torrent sites can actually help to market their products .
Making demo versions of a game available to the public is not necessarily a novelty , but uploading these onto torrent sites is an opportunity that only a few have taken advantage of .
It 's not fun , that 's for sure .
Imagine you 've been assaulted a number of times before and you are out walking alone after dark down a street in a bad area of town .
For me , being homeless felt an awful lot like that , most of the time .
It makes a person very vulnerable to human predators and after a short time most people find this out the hard way .
When a person loses a home they lose a lot of things at once .
Safety and security are gone .
Possessions are gone because all a person can keep is what can be carried around .
Relationships and friends disappear .
Faith in family can be lost .
Children can be taken away .
Jobs may be lost if losing a job was n't the reason for becoming homeless in the first place .
Dignity is stripped away .
There 's no regular place to bathe so it 's almost impossible to stay as clean as one would usually like .
Most human beings are used to having somewhere to sleep , somewhere to retreat from the world , to have privacy .
Homeless people do n't have any of those things .
Some of them are so sleep deprived they can barely function .
So , for many , homelessness is a life of fear , loss , filth , humiliation and profound exhaustion - not a walk in the park by any means .
You can read more about my experience at What I Learned While Being Homeless .
Nagging doubts , compulsions , concerns of contamination , obsessive hoarding : the symptoms of obsessive - compulsive disorder are numerous and varied .
What is it like to live this way ?
How does one maintain a normal life ?
Six men and women speak about their battles with this disorder .
( Join the discussion here .
Last week in Sedona Arizona , during a “ spiritual warrior ” retreat led by New Age , self - help expert James Arthur Ray , two people died in a “ sweat lodge ceremony ” and more than twenty were sickened .
Within hours after the news broke , the Web was alive with comments from Indians and non-Indians about the tragedy .
Sifting through the reactions I found a few themes that stood out .
Stealing the Religion ?
First of all , there ’s the question of the relationship of Indian religion to American culture .
Non-Indians have been making a lucrative business out of the appropriation of Native ceremonies for years .
Ray ’s weeklong event in Sedona cost each participant more than $ 9,000 .
A search of any number of Web sites advertising these “ Indian ceremonies ” will turn up sweat lodges that average over $ 100 per event , and four - day “ vision quests ” going for around five hundred dollars , “ all meals included ” and “ Visa and MasterCard accepted . ”
Indians all across the country are upset , saying white people stole the land , killed the buffalo , and now want to steal the religion .
The trouble is that most indigenous people in the Americas identify as Christian .
Even the Native American Church , that features peyote as a “ sacrament , ” is incorporated as a church and uses the Bible as part of the altar display .
The origin of the peyote church can be traced to the late 19th century , the same time as the Ghost Dance , and shares a foundation from Christian eschatology .
One of the central myths of the Native American Church is how a twenty - foot - tall Jesus came to Earth and saw the treatment of Indian people and began to cry .
Wherever the tears hit the ground peyote grew , and so the buttons of the hallucinogenic plant are called the “ tears of Jesus , ” and visions generated by eating these tears allow participants to “ see what Jesus saw . ”
Understand , this is not a criticism of my own people and our myriad of religious beliefs ; it ’s just that no one religion has the corner on the borrowing and incongruity of sacred stories .
New Agers who use the sweat lodge are not so much “ stealing Indian religion ” as they are weaving a new religion out of strands of what they believe to be old religions .
Various forms of the sweat ceremony were used by Indians from Canada into southern Mexico .
In the south they ’re called temescals and resemble a wet sauna or steam room ; tribes in the American Southwest have dry sweats that feature heated rocks but no water , or a fire built inside the sweat with a smoke hole in the center of the lodge .
The version that Ray and his followers used in Sedona is considered Plains style , where rocks are heated to glowing in a fire outside and brought into the lodge a dozen or so at a time .
Water is poured on the hot rocks and the amount of steam and heat is controlled by the person conducting the ritual .
How this ritual made its way into the New Age religious movement can be traced to events in the early 1970s when the American Indian Movement made headlines across the country with occupations in South Dakota , Arizona , and Wisconsin .
Among the participants were many American Indian spiritual leaders who were knowledgeable in the use of the sweat as a healing ritual — and they shared the ceremony with Indians and non-Indian supporters from around the country .
Like the dried head of a dandelion , the sweat lodge drifted here and there and landed far from where it started .
Ceremony , Ritual , But Not Yet a Religion
Both the sweat lodge and the Native American Church peyote ceremony started as healing rituals for one or a few participants , people suffering from some kind of spiritual or physical ailment .
Both grew into pan-tribal ceremonies because of the longstanding oppression of tribal religions by the United States government .
Within a few decades of its origins , the peyote church grew into what is essentially an Indian - style Christian denomination .
In order for the sweat lodge to grow into a denomination of Pan - Indian religious practice , there are some serious issues that have to be resolved within the sweat lodge movement .
In the interest of disclosure , I should say that I have been attending and running sweat lodges for almost forty years .
I have been in lodges built for 3 - 4 people and those built to hold 20 - 30 people , sweated with elders in their 80s and infants only a few months old .
People have had to leave because it was too hot , or they had other concerns , and more times than I can count have had to hug the ground due to the intensity of the heat .
There are sweat lodge leaders with whom I would never sweat again , and those whose ceremonies were incredible learning experiences .
The madodoigan is an integral part of my family , my tribe , and I hope to hand it down to the generations coming behind .
But it is a ceremony , not a religion — not yet .
When I moved to California in 1974 after the Wounded Knee occupation the year before , the sweat lodge was already starting to spread from those origins .
But I could not find a place to sweat for the first few months .
Eventually some Paiute friends built one in their yard in a Southern California urban area , and within a few months , dozens of Indians and non-Indians started to attend .
By 1980 , there were sweat lodges all over California and a yearly Lakota Sun Dance was being held at DQ University , a now - closed American Indian college near Davis , California .
For the past seven years , I have lived in the Indianapolis urban area , and although there is only one federally recognized tribe in Indiana based out of southern Michigan , there are more than a dozen sweat lodges in or within fifteen miles of the city .
Only two are run by Indian people .
So the first question to ask is , who is the priesthood going to be for the sweat lodge movement ?
And how are they going to be chosen and trained ?
Honoring the Feminine ?
Or Endurance Contest ?
At the heart of the reaction of Indians to the tragedy in Sedona last week is that James Arthur Ray is not an Indian .
Running a sweat lodge ceremony is not simply constructing a lodge , heating rocks , and pouring water .
In my language , the rocks are mishomsinanek ewi nokmisek , “ grandmas and grandpas , ” and so they must be chosen carefully .
The wrong stones can explode in the fire , or worse , in the lodge .
They can give off toxic fumes or not heat properly .
As one sweat leader many years ago taught me , “ the stones choose you , not the other way around . ”
Even the act of bringing the stones into the lodge is dangerous ; super - heated rocks carried from an even hotter fire can roll off the shovel or pitchfork and land in someone ’s lap — and that possibility is an active part of the discussion of the participants in the sweat lodge as the rocks are coming in the door .
The sweat lodge is considered the womb of the Mother Earth , a living being , so it must breathe in order for it to participate in the ceremony .
News accounts out of Sedona indicate that Ray ’s sweat lodge was covered in plastic sheeting .
As I have tracked the news stories and anecdotes of sweat lodge deaths and near - disasters , every one of them was covered with plastic sheeting or plastic tarps .
Missed by many who use the lodge is its fundamental purpose of celebrating creation and the creator as emerging from the principle of the feminine .
In my tribe , women control the sweat lodge .
While men may tend the fire , brings the rocks , or be the one who pours the water , the lodge is “ owned ” by the women .
They decide when ; usually on the full or new moons .
They decide who attends , and where the lodge is to be built .
Participants become brothers and sisters in the womb and emergence allows a new start purified of past events or illnesses , spiritual or physical .
The sweat lodge is used in Native American substance abuse treatment programs and has been an integral part of ceremonies of spiritual cleansing of returning veterans dating back to the time of wars with the United States .
Many tribes believe that participation in wars and battles cause the dead the cling to the soul of the combatants and must be released to the next world through a process of cleansing that includes the sweat lodge and other related purification rituals .
Participants in the Sedona event were told that this was part of becoming a “ spiritual warrior , ” and it is clear from the news accounts and Ray ’s own advertisements that this was not about celebrating the feminine or purification of the spirit — it was an endurance contest .
People were encouraged to compete with one another for no other purpose than to return to the workaday world ready to do battle .
And finally , no one ever pays for a sweat lodge .
Ever .
Participants may bring food to share , or wood , or work for the building and maintenance of the sweat lodge , or even share gas money with those who struggle to make it to the ceremony — but no money .
Anyone who charges any money for any sweat lodge is not doing it for family , tribe , or as a celebration of the feminine .
There was a never a child born , or a spirit reborn , who came into this world from the last with a dime in their pocket .
It is common sense .
Christian Democrat MP
Fred Nile has warned of the risks of allowing Muslims to serve in Australia 's armed forces .
Reverend Nile says last week 's killing spree in the United States in which an army officer shot dead 13 people should cause " all associated with the free world 's military forces to feel serious concern " .
The NSW MP and former army officer said the Australian Defence Force could already harbour Muslim personnel who may be a threat to their comrades in arms .
" Australians would like to be assured that our defence forces have in place a system of assessment and review which would identify any person whose adherence to any alien ideology might one day override loyalty to mates and loyalty to the Crown , " Mr Nile said .
" There is an argument for suggesting that the safety and morale of our troops may warrant a ban on dedicated Muslims joining the armed forces , who may be influenced by Islamic fundamentalism . "
Major Nidal Malik Hasan is the only suspect in the mass shooting at the Fort Hood military base in Texas which killed 13 and wounded 30 .
Hasan , 39 , shot by civilian police to end the rampage , remains in a critical but stable condition at an army hospital in San Antonio , Texas .
Investigators are poring over evidence to determine if Hasan was motivated by Islamist ideology or had snapped under the pressure of his job counselling soldiers traumatised by combat .
According to The New York Times , investigators have tentatively concluded that Hasan was not part of a terrorist plot , but they have not ruled out the possibility he believed he was carrying out an extremist suicide mission .
- AAP
Bubba and Dubya are going to engage in a presidential debate for the ages .
Former President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush will square off on the same stage at Radio City Music Hall in February as part of a series pitting liberal and conservative thinkers .
The event is part of MSG Entertainment ’s third annual “ Minds That Move The World ” speakers series .
The event — billed as “ The Hottest Ticket in Political History ” — will take place on Feb. 25 , 2010 , at 8 p.m. , according to organizers .
Clinton , a Democrat who served two terms starting in 1993 , and Bush , a Republican , who also served two consecutive terms starting in 2001 , will engage in an “ uncensored , unedited and unpredixctable ” debate .
“ We hope that [ the debate ] will not only provide guests with an informative and empowering experience that will help them make educated political decisions , but also encourage people to engage in continued dialogue surrounding the most significant current events of our day , ” said Melissa Miller Ormond , who serves as COO of MSG Entertainment .
The moderator has not been named .
Tickets range from $ 60 to a whopping $ 1,250 .
Tickets go on sale this Sunday .
Big Brother is watching .
That is the message corporations routinely send their employees about using email .
But recent cases have shown that employees sometimes have more privacy rights than they might expect when it comes to the corporate email server .
Legal experts say that courts in some instances are showing more consideration for employees who feel their employer has violated their privacy electronically .
Driving ...
The Paris - Dakar Rally is a race so crazy competitors have been taken out by land mines .
To say it 's grueling is like saying Carrie Prejean likes shooting video .
Just what sort of vehicle is required to take on a race where normal conditions include searing heat , towering dunes , ginormous rocks and weather conditions that would give a crab boat captain pause ?
Volkswagen has the answer in their new Touareg for the next Dakar .
The cars , trucks , bikes and buggies that run in the Dakar rally are tech porn of the highest order .
Take a look at what VW has to offer for the 2010 running of the race , which will be run through Argentina and Chile .
( The name comes from the days when the race ran from Paris to Dakar , Senegal . )
The Germans made history last year by taking the checkered flag in the first diesel - powered entry in the automobile class .
It entered the diesel ' Reg in the Baja 1000 , too .
This time around , the Touareg features such cool features as a carbon fiber - reinforced outer skin that weighs a mere 50 kilograms , a braking system capable of exerting pressure equal to that of 700 meters below sea level and a data acquisition system that can store 250 MB of data that is read and analyzed by race engineers at the close of a days stage .
Just the run of the mill specs for the Touareg shows you how serious of a challenge the Dakar is .
The VW is powered by a 2.5 - liter five - cylinder TDI diesel engine with two - stage turbocharging system with exhaust turbochargers and intercooling .
The mill , mounted longitudinally behind the front axle , puts out approximately 280 horsepower and more than 440 pound - feet of torque .
Gotta love diesels for buckets of torque .
All that power and grunt is put to the ground – no matter what kind of ground it is , tarmac , sand , gravel , rocks , you name it – via a longitudinally mounted sequential five - speed gearbox and a permanent all - wheel - drive .
More slick hardware includes selectable viscous locking mechanical differentials and an hydraulically actuated three - plate ceramic clutch .
Stopping power comes from 320 mm ventilated disc brakes squeezed by aluminum calipers with six pistons up front and four out back .
The Dakar Touareg even has power - assisted rack and pinion steering .
All this is done in a surprisingly lightweight package that tips the scales at just under 4,000 pounds .
The Dakar Touareg can hit 100 km / hr from a standstill in 6.1 seconds on firm ground and tops out at , on hard ground , and will top out at approximately 118 mph , which may not seem like much .
Unless you 're running flat - out through the desert .
* Photos : VW *
On Friday I posted a graph showing the historical relationship between housing starts and the unemployment rate ( repeated as the 2nd graph below ) .
The graph shows that housing leads the economy both into and out of recessions , and the unemployment rate lags housing by about 12 to 18 months .
It appears that housing starts bottomed earlier this year , however I do n't think we will see a sharp recovery in housing this time - and I also think unemployment will remain high throughout 2010 .
As I noted in the earlier post , there is still a large overhang of vacant housing in the United States , and a sharp bounce back in housing starts is unlikely .
The following graph shows total housing starts and the percent vacant housing units ( owner and rental ) in the U.S. Note : this is a combined vacancy rate based on the Census Bureau vacancy rates for owner occupied and rental housing .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
It is very unlikely that there will be a strong rebound in housing starts with a record number of vacant housing units .
The vacancy rate has continued to climb even after housing starts fell off a cliff .
Initially this was because of a significant number of completions .
Also some hidden inventory ( like some 2nd homes ) have become available for sale or for rent , and lately some households have probably doubled up because of tough economic times .
Note : the increase in the vacancy rate in the ' 80s was due to several factors including demographics ( baby boomers moving from renting to owning ) , and overbuilding of apartment units ( part of S&L crisis ) .
Here is a repeat of the earlier graph :
This graph shows single family housing starts and unemployment ( inverted ) .
( The first graph shows total housing starts )
You can see both the correlation and the lag .
The lag is usually about 12 to 18 months , with peak correlation at a lag of 16 months for single unit starts .
The 2001 recession was a business investment led recession , and the pattern did n't hold .
This suggests unemployment might peak in Spring or Summer 2010 .
However , since I expect the housing recovery to be sluggish , I also expect unemployment to remain high throughout 2010 .
Most of the island nation , a tourist paradise featuring coral reefs and white sand beaches , lies less just over three feet above sea level and scientists have warned it could be uninhabitable in less than 100 years .
Stunning image of sediment plumes in Gulf of Mexico
This blog has moved to Wired Science ( as of Sept 14 , 2010 )
–
I was alerted to this image from a reader and also saw it linked to on geology .
com / news and just had to share it .
Absolutely beautiful patterns of sediment plumes mixing with each other and surrunding water in the Gulf of Mexico from NASA ’s Earth Observatory website .
The image was taken last week a few hours after Tropical Storm Ida passed by to the east of here .
The waves associated with the storm churned up the sediment on the shelf .
The limit of sediment with the dark blue water to the south essentially marks the edge of the continental shelf .
Click on the images below , or here , to read more about this image .
The next image below zooms in a bit on the image showing distinctive brown plumes coming from rivers .
Wow .
I just love looking at the patterns nature produces .
–
( note : I slightly modified the ‘ levels ’ of these images in Photoshop to enhance them a bit )
Massimo Pigliucci argues that atheism is philosophical , not scientific .
Jerry Coyne differs :
I ’ll call “ weak sense atheism ” the position that , I think , most atheists hold .
It is this : “ There is no convincing evidence for God , so I withhold belief . ” ... Now I do n’t know anyone who is a strong - sense atheist .
Even Dawkins , as I recall , is a “ 70 % probability ” man he thinks it pretty improbable that God exists , but adds that he ca n’t disprove the existence of some kinds of gods .
I ’m pretty much on board with him .
You ’d be a fool to say that you know absolutely that there is no being up there at all , including one that does n’t interfere in the workings of the universe .
So let ’s take weak - sense atheism ( WSA ) as the default stance .
In its very weakest , “ no- evidence - for - God ” sense , WSA is absolutely scientific .
After all , what is science but the claim that one needs empirical evidence before accepting something as a reality ?
When one says , “ I see no evidence for a god , and therefore refuse to accept his / her / its reality , ” one is saying nothing different from , “ I see no evidence for the view that plants have feelings , and therefore I do n’t accept the idea that they do . ”
Imagine if the first person on the moon had proclaimed , " That 's one small step for woman , one giant leap for mankind . "
It could have happened .
In the late 1950s , the United States government contemplated training women as astronauts , and newly released medical test results show that they were just as cool and tough as the men who went to the moon .
" They were all extraordinary women and outstanding pilots and great candidates for what was proposed , " said Donald Kilgore , a doctor who evaluated both male and female space flight candidates at the Lovelace Clinic , a mid-century center of aeromedical research .
" They came out better than the men in many categories . "
The clinic 's founder , Randy Lovelace , developed the health assessments used to select the Mercury 7 team , and thought that women might make competent astronauts .
It was a radical idea for the era .
Women 's liberation had just begun to stir , and only a quarter of U.S. women had jobs .
But Lovelace was practical : Women are lighter than men , requiring less fuel to transport them into space .
They 're also less prone to heart attacks , and Lovelace considered them better - suited for the claustrophobic isolation of space .
In 1959 , Lovelace collaborator Donald Flickinger , an Air Force general and NASA advisor , founded the Women In Space Earliest program in order to test women for their qualifications as astronauts .
But the Air Force canned it before testing even started , prompting Lovelace to start the Woman in Space Program .
Nineteen women enrolled in WISP , undergoing the same grueling tests administered to the male Mercury astronauts .
Thirteen of them — later dubbed the Mercury 13 — passed " with no medical reservations , " a higher graduation rate than the first male class .
The top four women scored as highly as any of the men .
" They were all motivated to a degree you could not measure .
They knew they were ideal candidates , but NASA regulations kept them out of the game , " said Kilgore .
The results of the women 's tests are described for the first time in an article published in the September Advances in Physiology Education , and show just how capable they .
One set of results , from the sensory deprivation tests , are especially striking .
" Based on previous experiments in several hundred subjects , it was thought that 6 hours was the absolute limit of tolerance for this experience before the onset of hallucinations , " write Kilgore and his co-authors .
" [ Jerrie ] Cobb , however , spent 9 hours and 40 minutes during the experiment , which was terminated by the staff .
Subsequently , two other women ( Rhea Hurrle and Wally Funk ) were also tested , with each spending over 10 hours in the sensory isolation tank before termination by the staff . "
During the test , the women were immersed in a lightless tank of cold water .
By contrast , John Glenn 's memoir recounts being tested in a dimly - lit room , where he was provided with a pen and paper .
Glenn 's test lasted just three hours .
The would - be Mercury 13 astronauts would ultimately be held to a different standard than their male counterparts .
Some NASA officials speculated that female performance could be impaired by menstruation .
Others wanted pilots who had already flown experimental military aircraft — something only men could have done , since women were barred from the Air Force .
In August 1961 , WISP was cancelled .
It was not until 1995 , when Eileen Collins piloted the STS - 63 shuttle around the MIR space station , that the Mercury 13 met again .
Collins was the first woman to become a space pilot , but not the first woman who deserved to .
" They knew it was a long shot , but they were willing to take it , " said Kilgore .
" They were very special people . "
See Also :
Citation : " A forgotten moment in physiology : the Lovelace Woman in Space Program ( 1960 –1962 ) . "
By Kathy L. Ryan , Jack A. Loeppky and Donald E. Kilgore , Jr. Advances in Physiology Education , Vol. 33 No. 3 , September 2009 .
Image : Jerrie Cobb on a tilt table and beside a Mercury capsule , from Advances in Physiology Education .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
When David Paterson became governor of New York after Eliot Spitzer 's hooker escapades , the former state senator from Harlem shocked New Yorkers by declaring that taxes were too high and that he had many friends who had left the state because there were better opportunities elsewhere .
New York had to grab control of its spending rather than continue raising taxes , said the former state senator with a long tax - and - spend track record , in what amounted to the equivalent of ideological heresy .
Still , as a political lightweight and accidental governor , Paterson quickly got rolled by the big - government wing of his own party , who passed a budget for this year with $ 6.1 billion in projected new taxes and fees , led by sharply higher rates starting for those earning more than $ 200,000 a year .
Asked if the budget made sense in the recession an outgunned Paterson said , " None of this makes sense . "
I suppose it is cold comfort to New Yorkers that Paterson is now giving his political enemies the " I told you so " treatment .
Speaking to reporters recently in Albany , Paterson noted that revenue from tax increases was running 20 percent below projections and that , in particular , the wealthy were not paying up .
So far , the state had only collected about half of an expected $ 1 billion in income tax revenues from the state 's wealthiest residents .
" You heard the mantra , ' Tax the rich , tax the rich , " ' Paterson said .
" We 've done that .
We 've probably lost jobs and driven people out of the state . "
In a story about New York 's tax woes , the Associated Press noted that other states that had enacted so - called millionaires ' taxes ( most of which , like New York 's , start well under $ 1 million in annual income ) were squirming upon hearing the New York 's numbers .
Actually , some of these states have been squirming for a while .
New Jersey enacted its half millionaire millionaires ' tax in 2004 .
Pitched by the state 's unions as the cure for Jersey 's budget woes , the state collected $ 9.5 billion in personal income taxes in fiscal 2005 .
Last year , four budget cycles later , the state collected only $ 10.3 billion and this year it 's estimating just $ 9.4 billion from the same tax .
Revenues have fallen so far below projections that Jersey has actually had to cut its spending ( not just its rate of spending , like most states ) by more than $ 3 billion this year despite $ 2 billion in federal stimulus aid for the state budget .
And even so , Jersey had to skip payments to its pension system .
If it were a business Jersey would be insolvent , a remarkable achievement in a place whose residents boast the highest personal income in the nation .
Maryland enacted its millionaires ' tax in the fall of 2007 .
Earlier this year the state scrambled to enact mid-year budget cuts because of a sharp shortfall in revenues .
Year - to - date personal income tax collections are off by about $ 650 million , and the Maryland comptroller has said , " It seems reasonable to assume ... that there will be a significant decline in the number of returns with taxable income over $ 1 million and a substantial decline in the income reported on those returns . "
In each of these states there has been a debate about whether high taxes have driven the rich to relocate .
Shortly after the New York State budget passed , Tom Golisano , a former Independent Party candidate and the owner of the Buffalo Sabers hockey team , said he was moving to Florida to escape the Empire State 's high taxes , which amounted to $ 13,000 a day in his case .
The head of the Working Families Party , the New York party founded by the state 's unions and Acorn that had lobbied for the tax increases , said good riddance to Golisano .
The New York Times , meanwhile , observed that people do n't relocate because of high taxes , although at $ 13,000 a day the motivation for leaving seems pretty high .
But the issue goes beyond very rich guys like Golisano with a big nest egg and lots of personal mobility .
Many small and mid-sized businesses that organize as sole proprietorships , partnerships and s-corporations report their earnings through the personal income taxes of the partners or owners , and hence they pay taxes at individual income tax rates .
In fact , small business owners and partners are the main target of tax increases at the top rates .
A 2003 study by the Tax Foundation found that two - thirds of taxpayers in the highest tax bracket report income from businesses on their tax forms .
So it 's not surprising that high individual tax rates discourage entrepreneurship , reduce investment and slow hiring at small firms .
You do n't have to scour a state to find rich people mad enough to leave in order to understand the impact of high income tax rates on a local economy .
Still there 's more bad news for the states with the highest rates , which include California and Ohio .
At the very least we are about to see the top two federal brackets boosted to 36 percent and 39.6 percent , and who knows what other federal tax increases are on the way .
Those rises will almost certainly depress adjusted gross income among high - earners who either seek to shelter more of their income or simply work less because their next dollar earned is being taxed at a significantly higher rate .
That will make it even harder for states with high tax brackets to hit future income tax projections .
In most states with double - digit ( or near double - digit ) top tax brackets , the combined federal and state tax bite will thus soon reach 50 percent of income , especially when you consider that the federal alternative minimum tax excludes many deductions by higher income households ( including big , fat deductions for hefty state and local taxes ) .
Add to that the fact that some states have further raised taxes by excluding some traditional deductions ( New Jersey , for instance , has eliminated the property tax deduction for most households , a cruel irony in a state with the highest property taxes in the nation ) , and the result is a whole new definition of what even constitutes taxable income .
The pain might not be so intense if residents of these states were getting something for all of this extra taxation .
But in fact the state motto in some of these places could be " High taxes , lousy government . "
Jersey , with the highest state and local taxes , has one of the worst performing governments in the country , according to Governing Magazine , and it invests so little in its infrastructure its roads have been rated the worst in the nation .
New York , which spends much of its state budget on a Medicaid program that is twice as large as any other , does n't have a healthier , better - cared for low - income population .
California , which spent billions of dollars to lower public school class - sizes , has seen no payoff in higher test scores or graduation results .
The really bad news , however , is that there is no easy way out of this for many of these states .
Their budget problems are structural and long - term and can't be fixed merely by trimming a little waste and pork here and there .
Most of these states have wracked up huge debts , for instance , so that bond payments are now weighing down their balance sheets .
Their bondholders must be fed or chaos will ensue .
These states also suffer from huge public employee pension and benefits obligations that are often guaranteed by law .
In fact , the pension funds of these states are so underfunded they make the Social Security Trust Fund look solvent by comparison .
These long - term structure problems are one reason why prospects for local tax revolts of the type we saw in the late 1970s and early 1990s have been slow to materialize .
Any reformer who looks closely at these budgets understands that the only way out are service cuts that will be felt by virtually everyone in the state .
Faced with unpalatable choices , these states sit and hope that the answer comes in the former of even more stimulus money from the Obama administration given directly to states to spend on government operations .
But rising anger from politicians and citizens in states that have been fiscally responsible will make that harder .
In the next few years , it seems , we will truly test the notion of whether people will get up and move simply because of high taxes .
Oh , and bad government .
Once upon a time , there was commissioned a mighty ship known as the USS Constitution .
She proved far and way to be the toughest , most influential , most spirited , and most beautiful ship that was ever built in the United States , and perhaps the world .
Long did she serve her country with loyalty and honor until , eventually , she was forgotten and neglected , and left to waste away .
Eventually , there came the day when when she was to be condemned and sold , until one man , by the name of Oliver Wendell Holmes , has the courage to defend her honor , and he wrote a poem that stirred the very blood , the very souls , of Americans everywhere , and saved her from her fate :
Ay , tear her tattered ensign down !
Long has it waved on high ,
And many an eye has danced to see
That banner in the sky ;
Beneath it rung the battle shout ,
And burst the cannon 's roar ; —
The meteor of the ocean air
Shall sweep the clouds no more .
Her deck , once red with heroes ' blood ,
Where knelt the vanquished foe ,
When winds were hurrying o'er the flood ,
And waves were white below ,
No more shall feel the victor 's tread ,
Or know the conquered knee ; —
The harpies of the shore shall pluck
The eagle of the sea !
Oh , better that her shattered bulk
Should sink beneath the wave ;
Her thunders shook the mighty deep ,
And there should be her grave ;
Nail to the mast her holy flag ,
Set every threadbare sail ,
And give her to the god of storms ,
The lightning and the gale !
And now , to this day , she stands proud ; she is a monument to what it truly means to be an American , and is treated as a lady ought to be .
For several years now , Saab has found itself in the same position that the USS Constitution once found herself in .
Once the pride of it's country , it has been forgotten and neglected , until at last it was on the cusp of death .
But where was her Oliver Wendell Holmes ?
Where was her hero , her savior ?
Nowhere .
None had the courage to stand up for her , and to stir up the pride of her people .
And many had the opportunity .
Many complain about what GM did to Saab , but the truth is , were it not for GM , Saab would have died twenty years ago .
At least under GM 's reign , they sold more than they ever had before , and the cars were more reliable than they were before .
Perhaps GM neglected them , but only because we neglected Saab as well .
Had people bought Saabs , GM would have invested more into it , and sooner .
But no one did .
Everyone talked the talk , but no one had what it took to walk the walk down to Saab dealership and plunk down a check .
And when it came to her last chance at life this past year , like the consumers before them , Koenigsegg , that giant bundle of Swedish pride , just could n't find the courage to save a lady in distress .
All that is left are the Chinese , who would have bought her for next to nothing , stripped her down in humiliation , and eventually slit her throat .
It is better that she should die now .
Sadly , Oliver Wendell Holmes is dead .
There are no more like him , either in the United States or in Sweden .
And so we are left to write the final verse , not as an epic return against all odds for a proud lady , but as an after - thought eulogy for a woman whom the world could find no love for :
Ay , tear her tattered ensign down !
Long has it waved on high ,
And many an eye has danced to see
That banner in the sky ;
above it rung the sound of jets ,
And burst the 900's raucousness ; —
The meteor of the Swedish char ,
Shall grace the clouds no more .
Her cars , once decked with Swedish quirk ,
Where stood the pride of Sweden ,
When winds were hurrying o'er the land ,
And the ground was below ,
No more shall feel the victor 's tread ,
Or know the console - mounted ignition ; —
The carpocalypse vultures shall pluck
The lion of the Swedes !
Oh , better that her shattered soul
Should di at once then be sold to the Chinese ;
Her 9 - 3
Viggens shook the halls of heaven ,
And there should be her grave ;
Nail to the coffin her holy flag ,
Set every fire every raucous enginer ,
And give her to the god of cars ,
The historians and the oddball Saab - o - philes !
Good - by , Saab .
It is with great sadness that I let you know that my friend and co-Beer Drinking Scientist , Darren , passed away in January after a brave battle with brain cancer .
This episode is made up of old audio that we have n't put out on this podcast before - trial Beer Drinking Scientist episodes in which we probably did more drinking than we should have , and little bits from Diffusion Science Radio and Mr Science Show .
It 's not that polished , and a little , er , blue , but it was fun to make .
It does n't seem fitting to distill such thoughts and feelings into blog post , so I 've struggled with the right words .
I first met Darren in 2001 when I did work experience with him when he was editor of Helix Magazine in Canberra .
This was my first introduction to science communication , and he taught me a lot about writing and publishing , and in the process published my first freelance article .
Darren was very generous with his time , and did n't seem to mind that I " borrowed " a couple of extra copies of that month 's magazine .
We stayed in contact , and in 2006 he moved to Sydney with a dirty great - big moustache and blond - tipped hair - independent of these facts , we became good friends !
We did Diffusion Science Radio together on community radio , on which he was a natural , and then we started up this podcast .
For me , he was inspirational , following his passions to eventually land one of the dream science communication jobs in Australia , editor of ABC Science Online .
He was in demand on TV and radio across Australia , and I have no doubt he would have achieved a high profile nationally as a science communicator .
Anyone that can ask a Nobel Prize winner in a TV interview if they " made it all up " has some gumption !
Apart from talking about science , we had numerous long lunches mulling politics , moustaches , hamburgers , families and eventually kids .
Our podcasts slowed down a little once Darren 's first son was born , then came mine , and whilst nights out with a microphone became rarer , the lunches continued .
His first passion was always his wife and family .
I can clearly remember the day Darren told me he had had surgery to remove a brain tumour ; the hope he had while he was recovering , the last time we caught up at a Socceroos game , and the various messages and conversations after the tumour returned .
This was a friendship I will cherish always - and I wish I had said that more often when I could have .
My last message to him told him we were thinking about him over New Years .
His last message was simply " love you " .
You can see from the various tributes on social media that he was a universally loved man .
If you would like to donate to Cure Brain Cancer , a fund has been set up in his honour .
Two songs were used in this episode :
Courtesy of : Annika Fragrance
Inspired by legendary golfer Annika Sorenstam , “ Annika ” was recently introduced as her signature fragrance .
Annika is a fine fragrance for women , offering a rich blend of appealing aromas such as vanilla , amber , fresh citrus , and white flowers .
Annika perfume has quickly become the # 1 rated golf related gift for women .
Annika was personally involved in all aspects in developing Annika Fragrance , and the fragrance reflects women who desire to be casually elegant and passionate .
There ’s nothing more seductive than natural beauty and the true confidence of a woman .
A woman who is wearing Annika .
The perfume was specifically designed to be worn everyday by confident women .
It ’s appealing fragrance is perfect , whether you ’re on the golf course , hanging out with kids , in the office , or at a fancy dinner .
Courtesy of : John Shearer / WireImage.com / AskMen
Annika Sorenstam has enjoyed a long and very successful golf career .
She has been a true role model and an inspiration for millions of young women worldwide .
Annika is the only golfer to record a sub -60 round in LPGA history .
Her 72 career LPGA victories and 10 major titles define her golf domination .
The Annika Fragrance is a signature perfume and only sold in select high - end golf pro shops , golf resorts and niche retail stores .
The perfume is available in the following sizes : 1.7 oz ( 50 ml ) ; 3.4oz ( 100 mil ) .
In early 2010 , a 1 oz ( 30 ml ) and a Gift Set with a scented candle or scented body wash will become available .
For more information , Click Here
Regardless of where you stand on the Medical Marijuana debate , there is one thing that it seems everyone can agree with … by not taxing Marijuana , the government is loosing out on a LOT of money .
Denver City Council members Charlie Brown and Chris Nevitt are polar opposites on how much regulation the burgeoning medical marijuana industry should face .
Nevitt does n’t understand why Brown is pushing for more regulation .
Brown ca n’t understand why Nevitt does n’t support requiring marijuana dispensaries to apply for a license similar to what establishments serving liquor must seek .
But on one issue the two council members are in agreement :
They both think the city should start seeking sales tax revenues from those dispensaries selling medical marijuana .
“ We ’re leaving a lot of money on the table , ” Nevitt said .
Source : www.denverpost.com
Now that ’s an understatement .
By some estimates , California is loosing out on tens of billions of dollars .
I know we are talking about Denver here , but I am sure even Colorado can squeeze a few billion out of the states potheads … err , Medical Marijuana users .
Its interesting to note , currently only 14 states in the USA have approved Medical Marijuana .
While Colorado is one of them , they still have n’t worked out the details on how to properly deal Marijuana , so the poor potheads … oh , sorry again , Medical Marijuana users are completely jonesing .
Lastly , lets be honest , if Charlie Brown says that Medical Marijuana is OK , whose to argue with him ?
YouTube MP3 Downloader
Version : 4.1
Size : 36 MB
Description : YouTube MP3
Downloader is a windows application to download YouTube MP3 songs and music videos .
YouTube MP3 Downloader supports HD / HQ YouTube Video downloading , and also supports most of popular media formats like MP3 , MP4 , WMA , WMV , WAV , AMR , AVI , MPG , 3GP , MOV etc .
YouTube MP3 Downloader Features
Download YouTube MP3
With YouTube MP3 Downloader , users can download Millions of YouTube MP3 Songs from YouTube for your iPod , MP3 Player or Cellphone .
Download YouTube HD /HQ MP4 Video
YouTube MP3 Downloader will help users to download High Definition / High Quality YouTube Video .
Save YouTube Video As Most of Popular Formats
YouTube MP3 Downloader supports most of popular formats like MP3 , MP4 , WMV , WMA , MOV , MPG , FLV , AVI , WAV , AC3 , AMR etc .
YouTube MP3 Downloader Screenshot
In the past , gamers are n’t as effective in influencing change in the gaming industry , but during the launch of Left 4 Dead 2 , instead of the usual call to petition , a group of gamers called for a boycott .
As a way to protest the publisher ’s failed promises , the group came up with a manifesto , outlining the group ’s complaints , requests , and suggestions for Valve .
Not too long after , a Crash Course pack was made available by Valve to specifically address the complaints presented by the boycott group .
Although not entirely successful , the boycott group has somehow paved a path for a gamer - developer relations !
For more news on the latest video games or features about your favorite video games , head on over to our Crispy Gamer homepage .
To boot , we ’ve also got the best guides for online casino gaming .
Learn about casino bonuses , the best online casinos list , free no deposit casinos , and more on our various features .
Here at Crispy Gamer , it is our goal for online casino gamers to have a great yet safe gaming experience through the features and guides we provide !
If you 've been reading the Linux section of Ghacks long enough then you most likely have come across a few articles about virtual machines ( see articles covering VirtualBox here on Ghacks . )
And if you 've read enough of these articles , you know how important virtual machines can be to a developer , administrator , or even a user .
There are a few methods of running virtual machines on a Linux host : VirtualBox , VMWare , KVM , and QEMU are four of the most popular .
Each method has it 's pros and cons .
One of the cons of trying to use straight - up QEMU is that you 're going to be dealing with a command line method of creating and running a virtual machine .
That 's not a bad option if you do n't mind a lot of typing at the command line .
If you want to go the QEMU route , but do n't want to have to have depend upon the command line to do so , you can opt to use a GUI tool QTEMU .
This tool is an easy to use graphical front end for the QEMU virtual machine tool .
In this tutorial you are going to learn how to create a virtual machine using QTEMU .
But why use QTEMU ?
QTEMU will work as a front end for either QEMU or KVM .
So if you have the hardware to support KVM you can go that route and have a much more efficient virtual machine .
Installation
For the purposes of this article , I am installing and using QTEMU on a Debian system , so the installation will be done via Synaptic .
To be safe you will want to search for ( and select for installation ) the following applications :
virtinst
virt - manager
kvm
python - libvirt
libvirt - bin
qemu
qtemu
virt - viewer
bridge - utils
The above list will install more than you might need , but there are tools that can be taken advantage of later on .
After you have selected all of these applications for installation , click Apply to install .
When all of the installation is done you will be ready to run QTEMU for the first time .
If using KDE 4.x , you will find QTEMU in the System Tools sub - menu labeled Virtual Machine Manager .
Fire that up and get ready to create your first virtual machine .
Creating a machine
From the main window ( see Figure 1 ) you will want to click the " Create a new virtual machine ... " button .
You might think this would start up a wizard , but it does n't - sort of .
Instead , when you create a new virtual machine , a single window opens up asking a couple of simple questions .
The first question is what type of operating system you want to install .
From the drop down you can select from Linux , Windows , ReactOS , or Other .
For our example we will create a Linux virtual machine .
Once you select that click the Next button to open up a new window asking for a name and a location for the new machine .
The location is just the path that will store the new machine file .
Fill that information out and click Next .
The final window requires you to specify the size of the disk image .
Enter the size for the image and click Finish .
Now the real work begins .
As you can see , in Figure 2 , I have created an image for an OpenSuSE virtual machine .
As of this point all that is done is the virtual machine file has been created .
What has to happen now is to click on each of the following buttons and configure the respective sections as needed for the virtual machine .
Memory : How much RAM to dedicate to the virtual machine .
Hard Disk :
This has already been created .
You do not need to do anything here .
CD ROM :
Here you will specify where the virtual machine will find the image for installation .
You can use either a CD / DVD or an ISO image file .
Floppy Disk : Most likely not used .
Network :
Here you will want to enable networking ( by checking the " Enable network " check box ) .
Sound :
If you need sound enabled , do so here .
Other :
Here you can enable seamless mouse , configure the number of virtual CPUs , enable local time , and add addition QEMU options .
Once you have all of that configured you just need to click the Start button to start up your virtual machine .
It 's that simple .
Final thoughts
You now have yet another tool in your toolbox to enable virtual machines .
QTEMU makes easy the task of creating virtual machines using QEMU or KVM .
Give this a try and see if you prefer it over either Virtualbox or VMWare .
Summary Article Name Install virtual machines with qtemu Description Find out how to install virtual machines with qtemu on Linux .
Author Jack Wallen Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
As much as Nairobi is described as one of the more cosmopolitan cities in Africa where a lot of homosexuals find solace , homophobia is widespread .
For example , a Kenyan blogger Pater Nostra has a friend whose pictures were posted and debated on Wananchi Forums .
He exclaims :
I am naturally pissed that the audacity of the member of Wananchiforums.com ( to post such threatening and victimizing articles ) has been entertained and of the administrators to allow such to be posted .
Should anything happen to her , both the member and the administrators of the website have to blame .
They have made a person vulnerable to attack , abuse , and assault which is morally wrong and goes against her fundamental rights to protection and security .
Her life is in danger .
Keguro , an English professor and a blogger reveals the underlying truth about how homosexuals are named and shamed all over the Internet .
“ The politics of outing ” is the title of his post .
While most leaders are squirming on their seats over it , others are trying to smoke them out and stamping on their rights .
He blogs about the traumatic ordeal one has to face while still not comfortable with their sexuality :
Within the context of outing , one ’s individual wishes and political stance are subsumed by another narrative .
One is positioned as a homosexual , hailed as such , and must respond within the structure so created , a structure in which non-response is not possible .
One need not respond to one ’s accusers , but one responds to those who know one : family , friends , even to the email that offers information and sympathy .
He quotes a gender and sexuality author , Lauren Berlant :
It is this cluster of desires around one that I term “ the political , ” borrowing from Lauren Berlant ’s notion of cruel optimism .
To be outed in a country that provides no official spaces or languages for recognizing outing is to become subject to a host of desires , some friendly , some not , some lustful , some not .
One becomes marked .
Many years ago , when I first came out , my mother composed a grand narrative of my life that , in retrospect , sounds like something from Austin Powers .
I was a mad party animal bottom .
Her terms , not mine .
When I asked how I found time to study as a mad party animal bottom , she replied , quite rationally , that I was a mad party animal bottom from Friday through Sunday .
( In truth , I went out Tuesday , Thursday , Friday , and Saturday , and was relatively asexual , which I made up for in that glorious year I turned 24 .
Ahhh , 24 ! ) ( A confession , happy now ? )
He concludes :
I have written , previously , about the dangers of homophobic discourse within a space that does not have any homosexual discourse .
In such a space , outing becomes impossible as an affirmative gesture .
Yet , is n’t it precisely in such impossible spaces that we have become possible ?
Samuel Delaney writes that “ coming out ” used to mean coming out into a homosexual community , not as a performance of truth to gazing heterosexuals .
I do not use the word community much , and do not trust it .
But it can be a powerful thing to imagine , and wonderful to belong .
Such belonging might be one necessary , useful , and pleasurable afterlife .
Two months ago , Keguro blogged about a woman who had her head smashed with a beer bottle in a club because of her sexual orientation :
[ A Kenyan lesbian ] was leaving Madd House on the said morning with a friend – ( anonymous ) , when , as they were walking through the exit , a woman shouted out behind them “ ma lesbians ” … .
[ The Kenyan lesbian ] did n’t recognize the woman and they got into a verbal confrontation during which the woman hit her with her bag and went off to go back upstairs .
[ The Kenyan lesbian ] and ( anonymous ) followed the woman , later identified to them as Constance Sirikwa Rukia , and saw her being hidden in the changing rooms by the bouncers .
[ The Kenyan lesbian ] went to ask the bouncers why they were hiding the woman when they should be kicking her out for disturbing them .
The bouncers held each of [ The Kenyan lesbian ’s ] hands and attempted to throw her out .
Upon seeing that [ The Kenyan lesbian ] was being held by the bouncers , the woman then hit [ The Kenyan lesbian ] on the head with a bottle that she ’d been holding and she fell down , bleeding heavily .
What most bloggers found surprising was how the security guards were willing to sacrifice core principles of citizen protection , making them less safe .
An anonymous reader on Nostra 's blog says :
How to Get Internet without a Phone Line
August 31 , 2020
( CNN ) --
Those who knew Canadian folk musician Taylor Mitchell say her passion for her craft was matched by her affinity for nature .
Fresh out of high school , she embarked upon a three - week tour of Eastern Canada earlier this month full of hope over her blossoming career and excited to explore the region with a new car and driver 's license .
The 19 - year - old rising star was in between gigs when , according to a Nova Scotia Cape Breton Highlands National Park official , she was killed by coyotes during a hike on Tuesday afternoon .
" If there can be any comfort at all , it is knowing that Taylor was doing two of the things she loved most , sharing story and song on the road and spending time in nature 's fold , " her manager , Lisa Weitz said in an e-mail .
" She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity . "
Mitchell was a " seasoned naturalist " well versed in wilderness camping who would n't want the coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , her mother said Thursday .
" When the decision had been made to kill the pack of coyotes , I clearly heard Taylor 's voice say , ' please do n't , this is their space . '
She would n't have wanted their demise , especially as a result of her own .
She was passionate about animals , was an environmentalist and was also planning to volunteer at the Toronto Wildlife Centre in the coming months , " Emily Mitchell said in a statement Thursday .
" Tragically , it was her time to be taken from us so soon , " the mother said .
When she was 15 , Mitchell began vocal lessons with her future producer , Michael Johnston .
" Taylor inspired and impressed everyone from her musical peers to members of the Canadian roots - music community who were two and three times her age , " he said in a statement .
" They saw in her the rarest of the gifts -- an ability to sing not only from the heart , but in a way that transcended her age and experience and became something universal . "
The Toronto - based musician 's career began to take off earlier this year after the April release of her debut album , " For Your Consideration . "
She was nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by the Canadian Folk Music Awards , which will be awarded in November .
On her Facebook page , she detailed her busy summer performance schedule , describing it as her " craziest summer yet . "
In July , she said she took a Greyhound bus to perform in the Young Performers Program at the Winnipeg Folk Festival , her first show west of Ontario , which featured acts including Arlo Guthrie , Neko Case and Elvis Costello .
She played more shows in the Toronto area , relishing the airplay her album was receiving , and worked on songs for her next album , Weitz said .
Yet she managed to return to nature with her aunt , mother and best friend at the family cottage in Owen Sound , Ontario , delighting in its simple joys .
" Our cottage is on the shores of Georgian bay .
It 's 125 years old with three bedrooms that sleep two and one bedroom that sleeps four , plus a bunkhouse .
It 's old and creaky and absolutely beautiful .
As I sit on my couch in my apartment , I 'm homesick for the precariously slanted stairs , tennis courts , lake and wonderful memories , " Mitchell said on her Facebook page .
Before she set out eastward for her tour of the Maritimes , she shared her works in progress at the Ontario Council of Folk Music conference in Ottawa , impressing all those in attendance , Weitz said .
" Taylor Mitchell 's vocal style and consummate songwriting craft belied her vernal years .
Indeed , her songs told the tales of a seeker , a sojourner with a sage wisdom atypical of most , let alone one of such tender years , " Weitz said .
On her Facebook page , she had begun counting down the days to her East Coast tour in September , saying in a September 18 status update that she was " feeling the pull of the road . "
In her last post on the site , she described playing a show in someone 's home , calling it " a welcome dose of normality after a whirlwind weekend " at the Ontario Council of Folk Music .
Those closest to her said they 'll derive inspiration from her passion for life .
" Taylor was my shining light , my baby , my confidante and best friend , " her mother said .
" I do n't know how to move forward from here but I know that she would want that for me , and I will try to do that in her memory and celebrate her life in the way she lived it -- with passion , commitment and an unbridled loving heart . "
In non Star Wars : The Old Republic related news , the game industry announced lots of new projects at the Vidoe Game Awards , including a sequel to one of the most successful Star Wars games ever – “ Star Wars : The Force Unleashed ” .
The Story in “ The Force Unleashed 2 ″ , takes place between Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars : Episode IV : A New Hope .
The U.S. Pledge of Allegiance Background material Sponsored link .
You can get a United States flag , as well as world flags and
inground or house mounted flagpoles at Gettysburg Flag.com .
Overview : Between 1924 and 1954 , the Pledge of Allegiance was worded : " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America , and to the Republic for which it stands ; one nation , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . "
In 1954 , during the McCarthy era and communism scare , Congress passed a bill , which was signed into law , to add the words " under God . "
The current Pledge reads : " I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America , and to the Republic for which it stands ; one nation under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . "
The Pledge is recited , on average , tens of millions of times a day -- largely by students in schools across America .
On 2002 - JUN - 26 , a three judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals voted 2 to 1 to declare the Pledge unconstitutional because of the addition of the phrase " under God . "
This decision only affects the states of AK , AZ , CA , HI , ID , MT , NV , OR and WA .
The ruling stating that " the text of the official Pledge , codified in federal law , impermissibly takes a position with respect to the purely religious question of the existence and identity of God . "
The U.S. Supreme Court overturned the Circut Court of Appeals reading .
They did not rule on the basis of the Pledge violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution .
Rather , they ruled that the plaintiff Michael Newdow did not have primary custody of his daughter and thus did not have standing to take the case to the federal court system .
It is interesting to note that this decision happened to occur one day after the 40th anniversary of the Engel v. Vitale decision by the U.S. Supreme Court , which declared unconstitutional the inclusion of state - sponsored school prayer as a part of instruction in public schools .
The Texas Justice Foundation had declared that anniversary a day of mourning .
1,2 History of the Pledge of Allegiance : The Pledge was originally written in 1892 - AUG by Francis Bellamy ( 1855 - 1931 ) .
He was an American , a Baptist minister , and an active Socialist .
He included some of the concepts of his first cousin , Edward Bellamy , who wrote a number of socialist utopian novels , such as Looking Backward ( 1888 ) and Equality ( 1897 ) .
In its original form , it read : " I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands , one nation , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . "
It was first published in a children 's magazine Youth 's Companion , in 1892 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Columbus ' arrival in the Americas .
4
The word " to " was added before " the Republic " in 1892 - OCT .
He considered including the word " equality " in the pledge , but decided against it because he knew that many Americans at the time were opposed to equality for women and African - Americans .
Opposition to equality continues today ; a sizeable minority of American adults remain opposed to equal rights for women , gays and lesbians , and transsexuals .
By 1924 , the " National Flag Conference , under the leadership of the American Legion and the Daughters of the American Revolution , changed the Pledge 's words , ' my Flag , ' to ' the Flag of the United States of America . '
Francis Bellamy disliked this change , but his protest was ignored . "
3 Most Jehovah 's Witness children refuse to acknowledge the flag .
In 1940 , the U.S. Supreme Court denied children the right of freedom of speech .
The court ruled that school boards could compel their students to recite the Pledge .
The court reversed itself three years later .
4
In 1953 , the Roman Catholic men's group , the Knights of Columbus mounted a campaign to add the words " under God " to the Pledge .
The nation was suffering through the height of the cold war , and the McCarthy communist witch hunt .
Partly in reaction to these factors , a reported 15 resolutions were initiated in Congress to change the pledge .
They got nowhere until Rev. George Docherty ( 1911 - 2008 ) preached a sermon that was attended by President Eisenhower and the national press corps on 1954 - FEB - 7 .
His sermon said in part : " Apart from the mention of the phrase ' the United States of America , ' it could be the pledge of any republic .
In fact , I could hear little Muscovites repeat a similar pledge to their hammer - and - sickle flag in Moscow . "
After the service , President Eisenhower said that he agreed with the sermon .
In the following weeks , the news spread , and public opinion grew .
Three days later , Senator Homer Ferguson , ( R - MI ) , sponsored a bill to add God to the Pledge .
It was approved as a joint resolution 1954 - JUN - 8 .
It was signed into law on Flag Day , JUN - 14 .
President Eisenhower said at the time : " From this day forward , the millions of our schoolchildren will daily proclaim in every city and town , every village and rural schoolhouse , the dedication of our nation and our people to the Almighty . "
4
With the addition of " under God " to the Pledge , it became both " a patriotic oath and a public prayer ... Bellamy 's granddaughter said he also would have resented this second change . "
3
The change was partly motivated by a desire to differentiate between communism , which promotes Atheism , and Western capitalistic democracies , which were at least nominally Christian .
The phrase " Atheistic Communists " has been repeated so many times that the public has linked Atheism with communism ; the two are often considered synonymous .
Many consider Atheism as unpatriotic and " un-American " as communism .
Most communists , worldwide , are Atheists .
But , in North America , the reverse is not true ; most Atheists are non-communists .
Although there are probably many Atheist and Humanist legislators at the federal and state levels , few if any are willing to reveal their beliefs , because of the intense prejudice against persons holding these belief systems .
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to review this change to the Pledge .
The Court has commented in passing on the motto saying that : " [ o ] ur previous opinions have considered in dicta the motto and the pledge [ of allegiance ] , characterizing them as consistent with the proposition that government may not communicate an endorsement of religious belief . "
[ Allegheny , 492 U.S. ]
Sponsored link :
Suggested future changes to the Pledge : Various groups and individuals have suggested additional changes to the Pledge : Some pro-life groups have promoted the addition of a suffix to the existing Pledge so that it would read : " ..... liberty and justice for all , born and unborn . "
Some political liberals have suggested the addition of the word " equality , " so that the Pledge would read : " with equality , liberty and justice for all . "
This amendment probably has no chance of acceptance , until the concepts of equal treatment for women , homosexuals , bisexuals , and transsexuals are more fully accepted by the public
.
A visitor to this web site , who prefers to remain anonymous , suggested a further change : that the conclusion of the Pledge be revised to read : " working towards the goals of equality of opportunity , liberty and justice for all . "
He reasoned that : People are not equal ; they differ greatly in ability , knowledge , talents , etc .
They hold different religions , political philosophies , and other beliefs .
It is not equality but equality of opportunity that we should reach for .
Some of the original American colonies really only provided liberty and justice for white , male , heterosexual , Christian landowners .
Over time , the gender , religion and land - owning status restrictions were dropped .
Gender restrictions are gradually being eliminated .
Special rights for heterosexuals will be the next to fall .
Even if these trends go through to completion over the next decade , there will still be certain minorities that will be still discriminated against .
Thus , the country has not attained " equality of opportunity , liberty and justice for all "
We should recognize that we are only " working towards " these goals .
Public opinion poll ( 2003 ) : The First Amendment Center and the American Journalism Review released the results of a poll on 2003 - AUG - 1 .
They found that : 68 % of adults believe that teachers who include " one nation under God " in the Pledge of Allegiance were not violating the principle of separation of church and state .
36 % said that they were .
73 % of respondents said that the pledge , including the " under God " phrase is " primarily a statement related to the American political tradition . "
18 % said that it was primarily a religious statement .
N = 1,000 .
margin of error is ~+mn~3.1 percentage points .
5 References : Fred Jackson and Jody Brown , " In Remembrance of School Prayer : ACLU Attributes Notion of Effective Prayer to ' Radical Religious Right ' , " ChristianWebSite.com , 2002 - JUN - 25 , at : http://headlines.agapepress.org/
( This was only a temporary listing . )
The Texas Justice Foundation is a conservative group which " provides free legal representation in landmark cases in protect individual rights , limit government to its appropriate role , and promote a better business climate for job growth in Texas . "
Their web site is at : http://www.txjf.org/
John W. Baer , " The Pledge of Allegiance : A short history , " at : http://www.vineyard.net/
Larry Witham , " If it says ' God , ' so be it , " Washington Times , 2002 - JUN - 28 , at : http://www.washtimes.com/
" Survey : Majority of Americans OK With Ten Commandments , Pledge in Public , " Religion News Service , 2003 - AUG - 5 , at : http://www.beliefnet.com/
How you got here : Home page > Christianity > Prayer >
School prayer >
The Pledge > here or : Home page >
Law menu >
The Pledge > here Copyright © 2002 to 2010 by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Originally written : 2002 - JUN - 26
Latest update : 2010 - FEB-07
Author : B.A. Robinson
Go to the previous page , or to the " Pledge of Allegiance " menu , or choose : Custom Search .
Page Translator :
This page translator works on Firefox ,
Opera , Chrome , and Safari browsers only
After translating , click on the " show
original " button at the top of this
page to restore page to English .
First look at Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 Technology Preview and the KDE Plasma - Netbook 4.4 interface
By now almost anyone who keeps up with Ubuntu knows about the Ubuntu Netbook Edition ( formerly Ubuntu Netbook Remix ) .
What many people are not aware of is that there is now a Kubuntu Netbook Edition and an Ubuntu Moblin Remix in development as well .
By the time Ubuntu 10.04 " Lucid Lynx " is released next April netbook users will have three Ubuntu variants customized for their smaller systems .
Development versions of the forthcoming Kubuntu and Moblin variants were released simultaneously with Ubuntu 9.10 " Karmic Koala " in September .
This week we take a look at the Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 Technology Preview .
Since the name of the release is more than a mouthful I 'll refer to it as KNE from here on .
I will admit that I approached installing and evaluating KNE with some trepidation .
Every Canonical document about the new release makes it very clear that this is an incomplete product and very much a work in progress .
It 's difficult , at best , to judge an upcoming release based on alpha code .
KNE is n't even alpha yet and some basic functionality is still missing .
The desktop environment , called Plasma - Netbook , will see its first release as part of KDE 4.4 .
I knew I was looking at something on the bleeding edge and I also knew that criticism of the product as it exists today is simply unfair .
There have been numerous upgrades since the initial release of the Technology Preview and as I 've worked with KNE I 've seen it slowly evolving and improving .
What I describe today , what already works and what still needs work , may change with the next set of upgrades .
To evaluate KNE I decided to stick with the intended platform , which means I only used my netbook : an HP Mini 110 which has a 1.6 GHz Intel Atom N270 processor , 2 GB of RAM , and a 16 GB SSD .
The Mini 110 uses Intel 945 GME graphics and Intel HDA audio .
All of the components in the Mini 110 are commonly found in a wide variety of netbooks from different manufacturers .
KNE is available for Intel i386 and ARM processor architectures .
This review only covers the i386 build .
Installation and Configuration
KNE is currently available for download as an ISO image which can be burned to a DVD .
I chose to use UNetbootin to create a bootable live USB stick .
KNE is not included in the UNetbootin menu so I had to download the ISO to my hard drive and choose the option to use an existing image .
This worked perfectly and I booted into a working live KNE system .
The live system includes an icon to install to a hard drive .
Since I wanted to give KNE an extended test drive I did just that .
The installer asks the typical questions and should be straightforward enough for anyone with even a modicum of Linux knowledge to use .
There were no issues whatsoever and I was able to install to / dev/sda7 and have KNE run side - by - side with an existing distro which was correctly recognized .
Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 desktop
( full image size : 361 kB , screen resolution : 1024x576 pixels )
Once I was up and running I discovered that while my wired Ethernet connection was correctly configured , neither the wireless connection nor the 3G modem were available in KNetworkManager .
In addition , my printer was not configured .
All of this was expected as proprietary drivers are required for both the wireless and 3G connections and proprietary firmware is needed for my HP LaserJet 1020 .
In a standard Ubuntu installation a pop- up notifies me that my hardware requires proprietary drivers and gives me the option to install them should I so choose .
No such notification was given in KNE .
A visit to the System menu revealed a Hardware Drivers icon which brought up an applet which searches for the necessary drivers and allows them to be installed and activated one by one .
Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 Hardware Drivers applet during the initial search
( full image size : 359 kB , screen resolution : 1024x576 pixels )
The applet displayed the packages I needed : the open - source b43 - fwcutter package to extract the firmware for my Broadcom 4312 wireless chipset and the proprietary broadcom - sta package .
Clicking on the b43 - fwcutter package correctly installed and enabled the software .
Clicking on the broadcom - sta package , the second step , caused my system to lock up .
The bug which caused this has been corrected in the updated 2.6.31 - 15 kernel , which is now available .
If you have a Broadcom chipset you 'll need the kernel upgrade before the driver can be successfully installed .
With the upgraded kernel both the Hardware Drivers applet and wireless networking worked as expected .
Since I do n't have 3G service as yet I was unable to test the modem software and driver with KNE .
Running the HP Setup program did correctly download and install the firmware for the printer and then configure CUPS .
The process was simple , straightforward and no different from a standard ( K ) Ubuntu system .
Running Kubuntu Network Edition 9.10 Technology Preview
The only thing the new Plasma - Netbook desktop seems to have in common with a standard KDE desktop is the default theme and the wallpaper .
I also found the way the desktop works to be quite different from other netbook - specific desktops .
Expect to take some time to get used to the new way of doing things .
There is a learning curve , precious little documentation as yet , and a few tricks to get around the incomplete or missing pieces of the desktop environment that I mostly found through trial and error .
The default desktop has four main items : a top panel which resembles what you see on a normal KDE , GNOME or Xfce desktop .
This panel automatically hides itself to leave maximum screen space for applications .
Below this is what is initially an empty bar with arrows on either side .
Below that is a set of icons listing the various program categories you would normally find in the KDE " K " menu on a standard Kubuntu install .
Finally , a tab on the right edge of the desktop replaces the cashew on the regular KDE 4.x desktop .
Clicking on any of the category icons restores the panel and displays a new set of icons for all the applications in that category .
A " Home " icon is also added to the top , left corner of the screen which , if clicked , takes you back to the default desktop .
If you mouse - over an application icon a yellow star will appear in the upper left hand corner .
A single click on the star adds it to the empty bar .
This allows you to place your favorite application icons on the desktop and always have them visible regardless of which menu you enter .
If you mouse - over a favorite icon a red minus sign is displayed in the top left corner of the icon to allow it to be removed from the favorites bar .
If you click on any application icon other than on the star or minus , that application is launched .
KNE 9.10 Hardware Drivers Graphics
Menu with favorites displayed
( full image size : 408 kB , screen resolution : 1024x576 pixels )
Switching applications and controlling the panel will eventually be controlled by a widget in the top left corner of the screen which the Kubuntu Wiki describes as " incomplete " .
Invisible would have been a better description .
If you have very sharp eyes you will notice a tiny line near the top left corner of the screen along the top edge .
Believe it or not , that 's your widget .
Mousing over that spot will restore the panel and clicking on the tab which displays either the application you were last in or the number of running applications , brings up a black screen with thumbnails of all the open applications , each with their icon superimposed on the lower right corner of the image .
Sadly , KSnapshot does n't work in this screen .
It 's a unique visual application chooser and I would have liked to have shown it here .
If you click on a thumbnail the application in question will reappear either in full - screen mode or in a window on the desktop , whichever state it was in when last used .
There is another nearly invisible , undocumented desktop feature .
If an application is windowed on the desktop and is then minimized while touching the bottom of the screen you will notice that part of the bottom of the display has yet another little line .
That is the minimized application .
If you click there the application will reappear .
Once again you will need really sharp eyes to spot this future , incomplete functionality .
The default panel includes two tabs , one for Applications , which is the default desktop I have been describing , and one called Newspaper .
Newspaper includes windows for a news feed window , weather , sticky notes , a calendar , and a cartoon .
Unfortunately right now the news feed is only news about KDE and there is no way to configure it for anything else .
I can see how this tab will eventually be quite useful , but at this time it is very limited .
Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 Newspaper
( full image size : 334kB , screen resolution : 1024x576 pixels )
Plasma - Netbook does support multiple virtual desktops , something I find essential on a small netbook screen .
Unfortunately there is no desktop pager on the panel and no way to add one at present .
There actually is no configuration tool for the panel at all and no way to customize it or to add widgets .
You can remove widgets but I 'm not at all sure you can get them back if you want them later .
The only way to change desktops is to enable screen edge movement from one desktop to another .
As you can imagine this can make using the nearly invisible , incomplete widgets nearly impossible unless you enable a rather long delay .
Considering that you need those widgets to change applications or access the panel , this makes using multiple desktops inconvenient at this time .
On a brighter note , Yakuake , the drop - down terminal emulator for KDE , works perfectly well in the Plasma - Netbook desktop .
I find the application switching system in KNE a bit cumbersome at present .
Yakuake allows easy access to a terminal window even when another application is in full screen mode .
One interesting little quirk is that there is no Development icon category .
If you add an application that would normally fit into that menu the icon is simply lost .
For example , I installed Bluefish and no icon appeared anywhere .
If I used Alt - F2 and start typing bluefish it auto - completes for me and the familiar Bluefish icon appears .
The selection of applications is essentially identical to a standard Kubuntu installation .
KPackageKit and aptitude work exactly as they would in Kubuntu .
No functionality is hidden and the interface has n't been simplified for non-technical users in the way some other netbook desktops have been .
KNE has access to all the packages for Karmic Koala in the repository by default .
The KDE applications are all from KDE 4.3.2 , the version used in the current Kubuntu release .
Only the Plasma - Netbook desktop itself is development code .
One additional bug is worth mentioning .
The automated package update tool included in the ISO image has a bug which displays an empty box while updates are being installed .
One of the recent updates does , in fact , fix this bug and correctly shows download and installation progress .
Conclusions
Kubuntu Netbook Edition 9.10 really is incomplete .
Despite the missing functionality and a few bugs it 's pretty easy to see just how promising the Plasma - Netbook 4.4 desktop is .
I was also pleasantly surprised that most of the issues fall into the category of inconveniences , not show - stopping problems .
It 's really surprising just how usable this pre-alpha development code already is .
Too many netbook interfaces take the cell phone paradigm to the point where it could only be appealing to new and non-technical users who do n't do a great deal of work on their diminutive systems .
KNE still offers something that resembles a netbook / cellphone interface but does it in a way that does n't handcuff the experienced user who needs to multi-task and do advanced work .
Right now Kubuntu Netbook Edition is too rough around the edges for me to use it regularly .
In that sense it is precisely as advertised .
I am generally not a fan of netbook desktop design and I usually choose a conventional desktop environment for my HP Mini 110 .
Once completed it 's quite possible that Kubuntu Netbook Edition may become the first netbook optimized desktop I could actually learn to like .
This is one project that will be worth watching to see how it progresses .
Tony Blair was told by his government 's most senior legal adviser that an invasion of Iraq to topple Saddam Hussein would be a serious breach of international law and the UN charter .
Lord Goldsmith , then attorney general , issued the warning in an uncompromising letter in July 2002 , eight months before the invasion .
It was becoming clear in government circles that Blair had had secret meetings with George Bush at which the US president was pressing Britain hard to join him in a war to change the regime in Baghdad .
The hitherto unpublished letter has been given to the Chilcot inquiry on the Iraq war .
Goldsmith is due to be questioned about it early in the new year with other senior government lawyers who questioned the legality of an invasion at the time .
Goldsmith warned Blair that " as things stand you obviously cannot do it [ invade Iraq ] " , a source familiar with the dispute told the Guardian .
Increasingly concerned that Blair was ignoring his earlier advice that regime change was " not a legal basis for military action " , on 29 July 2002 Goldsmith wrote to Blair on what the Mail on Sunday described as " a single side of A4 headed notepaper " .
The typed letter was addressed by hand , " Dear Tony " , and signed by hand , " Yours , Peter " .
In the letter , whose existence was confirmed by other sources , Goldsmith warned that the UN charter permitted " military intervention on the basis of self - defence " , but it did not apply here because Britain was not under threat from Iraq ; that the UN allowed " humanitarian intervention " in some circumstances , but such was not the case in Iraq ; and that it would be very difficult to rely on earlier UN resolutions approving the use of force against Saddam .
Goldsmith is reported to have ended his letter saying " the situation might change " .
Blair not only ignored Goldsmith 's letter , he banned the attorney from attending cabinet meetings .
Goldsmith was so angry that he threatened to resign – and lost three stone in weight as Blair and his closest advisers gagged him , according to the Mail on Sunday .
A spokesman for Goldsmith told the paper : " His focus is on the legality of the war , its morality is for others . "
Goldsmith issued his private warning to Blair before a new UN security council resolution – number 1441 , in November 2002 – held Iraq in " material breach " of its disarmament obligations and gave Saddam " a final opportunity " to comply with them .
He subsequently allowed UN weapons inspectors into the country .
The inspectors were withdrawn once Bush made it clear he was about to bomb Iraq and invade the country .
On 7 March 2003 , Goldsmith warned the government that although Saddam could be said to be in breach of his international obligations , British forces could still face legal action if they participated in an invasion .
Ten days later , he issued a brief statement saying invasion would be lawful .
The Butler inquiry into the use of intelligence to justify war revealed that Goldsmith changed his advice after a meeting with two of Blair 's close advisers , Lady ( Sally ) Morgan and Lord Falconer .
It also revealed that a worried Lord Boyce , then chief of the defence staff , needed " unequivocal " advice that the invasion was lawful .
He got it after Goldsmith 's office contacted 10 Downing Street .
Downing Street advised the attorney to say that an invasion would , indeed , be lawful , and unequivocally so .
Boyce is due to give evidence to the Chilcot inquiry this week .
Lord Falconer told the Mail on Sunday that the version of events it described was " totally false " .
Vor über einem Monat hab ich den Bundespräsidenten angeschriebe und nachgefragt , wann denn das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz von ihm unterschrieben wird .
Leider hab ich auf meine schriftliche Frage keine Antwort bekommen .
Dafür berichtet jetzt der Spiegel in einer Vorabmeldung : „ Köhler verweigert Unterschrift fürs Internetsperren - Gesetz “ .
Bundespräsident Horst Köhler hat von der Bundesregierung „ ergänzende Informationen “ zum umstrittenen „ Gesetz zur Erschwerung des Zugangs zu kinderpornografischen Inhalten in Kommunikationsnetzen “ erbeten .
Erst nach Auswertung der Reaktion der Regierung will er entscheiden , ob er das von der bisherigen Familienministerin Ursula von der Leyen initiierte Gesetz unterschreibt oder nicht .
Das ist sehr erfreulich und schiebt das Gesetz erstmal auf die längere Bank .
Mal schauen , wie die nächsten Schritte aussehen .
I ’ve been meaning to load XBMC on my xbox for awhile and use it for a media player in the bedroom but I never got around to it because all the instructional material that I had read said I would have to scour used game stores for a very specific version of MechAssualt or one of the other games that allow you to softmod the original xbox .
Turns out I did n’t have to .
I did some reading and found a way to mod my original Xbox without having to purchase anything at all .
The technique is called hot swapping and it involves attaching the Xbox hard drive to a pc and overwriting the dashboard .
The only real problem with this method of modding the original Xbox is that the console ’s drive is normally locked .
If you just take the drive out of the Xbox and hook it up to your PC then the drive will not work .
That is why it needs to be swapped when hot ( powered up ) .
When the Xbox is in the dashboard or running a game then the drive becomes unlocked .
When I swapped my drive I was in the middle of a Chessmaster game .
Apparently this can be dangerous to both the PC and the Xbox so it ’s recommended to either jumper the two cases together or supply the Xbox drive with power from your PC ’s power supply .
The entire process was surprisingly easy and once I had finished reading every thread I could find on the topic I had my Xbox streaming family guy with XBMC in about an hour or so .
The only down side so far is that the fans in the Xbox seem to be on full output always and it ’s really loud but apparently there is a fix for that .
Obviously I had to open up both the Xbox and my PC .
There ’s a very descriptive tutorial on how to open the Xbox at this Xbox site .
I ca n’t really say that I did n’t buy anything because I did end up purchasing a # 20 Torx Screwdriver .
I only had to pop off the cover of the Xbox and take the harddrive section out .
I did not remove the drive from it ’s plastic enclosure .
With the PC , I disconnected all drives and left only one DVD - ROM connected as the secondary master .
It was tedious to get the Xbox and PC close enough together to connect the power cable from the PC to the Xbox drive while having the Xbox drive still connected to the Xbox IDE cable but once it was close enough I had more than enough room to attach the master IDE cable from the PC to the Xbox drive when it was time to swap .
Here ’s a pic of my Xbox connected to one of my old computers :
As far as software and explicit instructional material go I loosely followed this Xbox hotswap guide .
I used version 3.1 of Ndure as opposed to 3.0 like the guide suggests and the options were a little different but still pretty straightforward .
I had a problem here where I got banned for the xbins IRC channel and could n’t rejoin but I used a web based efnet client and managed to get back in .
I also was unable to get any software from the xbins server unless I used FlashFXP .
Other FTP clients would n’t let me download anything .
By default , after the installation , the new dashboard is UNLEASHX .
The sounds are hideous and it looks really bad but it gave me ftp access and seeing it meant that I did n’t break anything .
After putting everything back together the first thing I did was install XBMC .
Here 's a stark warning to Barack Obama and Tim Geithner , courtesy of Zhu Min , deputy governor of the People 's Bank of China .
ShanghaiDaily : IT is getting harder for governments to buy United States Treasuries because the US 's shrinking current - account gap is reducing supply of dollars overseas , a Chinese central bank official said yesterday .
The comments by Zhu Min , deputy governor of the People 's Bank of China , referred to the overall situation globally , not specifically to China , the biggest foreign holder of US government bonds .
Strictly speaking , this should n't be a problem .
Foreigners do n't technically fund our Federal deficit -- what they fund is our current accounts deficit , and if that 's shrinking then the need to fund that debt diminishes .
Still , the message Min is trying to get across is clear .
In a discussion on the global role of the dollar , Zhu told an academic audience that it was inevitable that the dollar would continue to fall in value because Washington continued to issue more Treasuries to finance its deficit spending .
He then addressed where demand for that debt would come from .
" The United States cannot force foreign governments to increase their holdings of Treasuries , " Zhu said , according to an audio recording of his remarks .
" Double the holdings ?
It is definitely impossible . "
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Co GM.UL said on Friday the head of its European operations , Carl - Peter Forster , is leaving , three days after the automaker 's decision to scrap a planned sale of its Opel unit .
Forster , the son of a German diplomat and a former BMW BMWG .
DE executive , had been widely expected to run the independent Opel that would have been split from GM in the sale of a controlling Opel stake to a Russian - backed group led by Canadian auto parts company Magna International Inc MGa .
TO
Forster ’s departure marks the first high - profile exit at Opel since GM ’s board reversed course and said the automaker would keep the European unit and raise funds to restructure Opel on its own .
That decision touched off a storm of protests in Germany , where Magna had been seen as the best chance to preserve jobs .
Nick Reilly , current head of GM ’s international operations , is set to lead GM ’s looming reorganization of Opel , a person briefed on the plan said .
Reilly , a Briton , had worked as sales and marketing chief for GM Europe before moving to Asia to run GM operations there .
His appointment was seen as a temporary move , the person said .
Meanwhile , Bob Lutz , who agreed to defer retirement earlier this year to head GM ’s global marketing efforts , will become chairman of the Opel supervisory board , a second person said .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Lutz , 77 , already sits on the Opel board and will maintain his current management responsibilities , said the person , who asked not to be named because the move has not been announced .
GM declined to comment on those moves .
Forster had spoken out in favor of the Magna deal just days before the board met to approve the sale in mid-September , straining relations with senior executives in Detroit .
“ Carl - Peter Forster nailed his colors to the mast of Magna , ” said an Opel labor representative who asked not to be named .
GM Chief Executive Fritz Henderson said in a statement that it has begun an external search for Forster ’s replacement .
The company said no other changes to the Opel management team are planned .
Shares of Magna have surged , with investors welcoming a renewed focus on its core parts business and with a surprise quarterly profit .
The stock has gained 25 percent since Tuesday , when GM ’s board abandoned the Opel sale plan .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
TRUSTEE EXPELLED
GM also said it would brief European governments next week on its plan to restructure Opel and to raise 3 billion euros from governments in countries with Opel factories .
The goal is to cut fixed costs at Opel by 30 percent -- in part by chopping Opel ’s staff of 50,000 by a fifth -- but details are scarce .
“ There are signals from the company that GM will explain its plans next week .
The German government is waiting for this explanation and will then evaluate it , ” German government spokesman Christoph Steegmans said in Berlin .
Separately , the economy minister from the state of Thuringia told Reuters that Free Democrat politician Dirk Pfeil , a critic of the Magna deal , is being replaced on the trust that has overseen Opel since GM ’s financial crisis .
The minister , Matthias Machnig , said the four states with Opel sites had agreed that Pfeil needed to go because he was not representing their interests .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has suggested the Opel Trust -- not GM -- should have final say on the sale , but the trust had said it did not need to approve GM ’s decision .
The trust , which controls a 65 percent stake in Opel , will dissolve once GM repays to Germany the rest of a 1.5 billion euro bridge loan due by the end of the month .
Because California does not require doctors to report cases involving medical marijuana , no reliable data exist for how many minors have been authorized to receive it .
But Dr. Jean Talleyrand , who founded MediCann , a network in Oakland of 20 clinics who authorize patients to use the drug , said his staff members had treated as many as 50 patients ages 14 to 18 who had A.D.H.D. Bay Area doctors have been at the forefront of the fierce debate about medical marijuana , winning tolerance for people with grave illnesses like terminal cancer and AIDS .
Yet as these doctors use their discretion more liberally , such support  even here  may be harder to muster , especially when it comes to using marijuana to treat adolescents with A.D.H.D .
“ How many ways can one say ‘ one of the worst ideas of all time ? ’ ” asked Stephen Hinshaw , the chairman of the psychology department at the University of California , Berkeley .
He cited studies showing that tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , the active ingredient in cannabis , disrupts attention , memory and concentration  functions already compromised in people with the attention - deficit disorder .
Advocates are just as adamant , though they are in a distinct minority .
“ It ’s safer than aspirin , ” Dr. Talleyrand said .
He and other marijuana advocates maintain that it is also safer than methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) , the stimulant prescription drug most often used to treat A.D.H.D.
That drug has documented potential side effects including insomnia , depression , facial tics and stunted growth .
In 1996 , voters approved a ballot proposition making California the first state to legalize medical marijuana .
Twelve other states have followed suit  allowing cannabis for several specified , serious conditions including cancer and AIDS  but only California adds the grab - bag phrase “ for any other illness for which marijuana provides relief . ”
Image Patients line up as marijuana is dispensed for medical use at Wo / Men ’s Alliance for Medical Marijuana , a collective in Santa Cruz .
Credit ... Monica Almeida / The New York Times
This has left those doctors willing to “ recommend ” cannabis  in the Alice - in - Wonderland world of medical marijuana , they cannot legally prescribe it  with leeway that some use to a daring degree .
“ You can get it for a backache , ” said Keith Stroup , the founder of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
Long before he was creating zombie rodents for the Pentagon , biochemist Mark Roth became fascinated with the idea of immortality .
Now , he 's found a way to " significantly increase life span[s ] " – at least in worms .
And the key is the same substance that Roth uses to turn mice into the semi-undead .
Roth discovered that if you cut off certain creatures ' oxygen supply in just the right way , they wo n't die .
Instead , they 'll fall into a kind of suspended animation , or hibernation .
They wont take a breath .
Their hearts wo n't beat .
Wounds stop bleeding ;
nearly any injury becomes survivable , and the brain shuts down without damage .
“ If you were shot , this is exactly what you would want , ” Roth says .
And when the wounds are bound up , the critters can be brought back , good as new .
All that 's needed is a whiff of a hydrogen sulfide , which binds to mitochondria and impedes the body ’s ability to use oxygen .
In order to better understand the mechanics of how it works , Roth and his colleagues at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center " turned to the tiny nematode , a workhorse of laboratory science because its biology is similar in many respects that of humans , " according to a statement from the Center .
" The worms also are ideally suited for studying life span , because they normally live for only two to three weeks . "
The researchers found , to their surprise , that nematodes that were raised in a carefully controlled atmosphere with low concentrations of H2S ( 50 parts per million in room air ) did not hibernate .
Instead , their metabolism and reproductive activity remained normal , their life span increased ...
Tuukka Rask is in the fold for two more seasons .
( Winslow Townson / AP )
The Bruins may be struggling to score this season , but Peter Chiarelli continues to ring up his top young talent , and now has come to terms on a two - year contract extenstion for backup netminder Tuukka Rask .
According to a source familiar with Rask ’s new deal filed today with the Players ’ Assocation , Rask agreed to terms on a deal that will keep him in Black - and - Gold through the 2011 - ’ 12 season .
Rask ’s new deal is a one - way contract , according to the source , who would not reveal precise contract terms .
However , given Rask ’s relative inexperience at the NHL level , the deal likely will average annual payouts in a range of $ 1.2 million - $ 1.6 million .
Advertisement
Rask , 22 years old , is 2 - 1 - 1 this season in his backup role to Tim Thomas .
Now in his third professional season , he has played in only nine NHL games .
Just last month , Chiarelli also inked Milan Lucic to a three - year contract extension , keeping the hard - rock winger under contract through 2012 - ’13 .
Update : no confirmation yet on Rask ’s contract figures , but based on added guidance from sources , Rask ’s annual cap hit will be lower than initially projected here .
Figure his new deal to come in around $ 1.3 millon per year , perhaps slightly lower .
Confirmed financials : Rask ’s final cap figure , beginning next season , will be $ 1.25 million .
He will make $ 1 million next season , 2010 - ’11 , and then jump to $ 1.5 million in 2011 -’ 12 .
Provided Rask and Tim Thomas remain the netminding tandem , the Bruins will have the position –the most important on the ice–covered for a total cap hit of $ 6.125 million .
Six attackers , frantic to even the score ,
the rink tips , bodies piling onto me .
Ferguson
hacks my bad elbow , his look says , Here ’s bone for your jar .
Hooks my feet from under me , lands on my legs .
I punch
at the back of his head and get this whiff of hair cream .
All of this in silence .
Nothing personal ,
though there may be memories " Next Time " by Randall Maggs ,
from Night Work : The Sawchuk Poems ( Brick Books , 2008 )
It 's probably yet another sign of my advancing years , but when a major record gets tied or broken I always like to reflect on the guy who set the existing standard .
In a perfect world the heroes past and present meet at centre ice to congratulate each other , as Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe did in Northlands Coliseum when the Great One smashed Mister Hockey 's career points record 20 years ago this fall .
Alas , Terry Sawchuk lived in an imperfect world , and he died in it , two years before the man who would break his most famous record was even born .
Today , as Martin Brodeur shares the record that Sawchuk had held alone for almost 46 years , let 's reflect on the man who first reached the staggering total of 103 career shutouts .
Brodeur will have other days in the limelight ; Sawchuk likely wo n't .
The NHL was half of its current age in the 1963 - 64 season when Sawchuk surpassed the previous standard , the 94 clean sheets of the great depression - era goalie George Hainsworth .
That winter I was a much tinier fraction of my current age , taking in my first full NHL season , and Hockey Night in Canada was appointment viewing , no matter whether my Maple Leafs or the hated Canadiens were playing .
My allegiances to American teams and players flipped like a switch depending on which Canadian team they were playing .
It so happened that the record - setting game occurred on a Saturday night in the Montreal Forum , so I was unabashedly rooting for Terry Sawchuk when it happened ...
Sawchuk loved to torment the Habs , the team he beat in the Finals for all four of his Stanley Cups .
Earlier that season he had equalled the mark of Hainsworth , a former Canadien , in a memorable game against Montreal in the Detroit Olympia .
Sawchuk made 39 saves in a 3 - 0 shutout , but played second fiddle to Gordie Howe , whose shorthanded marker in the second period was the 545th of his legendary career , eclipsing the career record of the most famous Canadien of all , Rocket Richard .
Sawchuk and Hainsworth poised together atop the leader board for ten long weeks as Sawchuk battled physical problems and Detroit 's latest netminding phenom , Roger Crozier , posted a couple of shutouts in various cameos .
On Sat. Dec. 28 , 1963 , in a televised game at the Forum , Sawchuk nursed a 1 - 0 lead into the last three minutes before Bobby Rousseau scored a late powerplay goal to earn a 1 - 1 tie and disappoint us Hab - haters yet again .
I remember being upset with the ref who called the late penalty on Detroit rearguard Marcel Pronovost , as well as at the Hab - lovin ' host , the odious Frank Selke Jr. , who had applied the jinx by constantly mentioning the word " shutout " in the game 's late stages .
Whatever , the record would have to wait .
I figured that was it for my chance to see an important record , and like Howe 's goal it would probably happen stateside in some game I would hear about on the radio the next morning .
Well would n't you know it would be just three weeks later that the Wings again visited the Forum to take on the first - place Habs in another nationally - televised game .
The record was still on the line , as Selke Jr. reminded us a little more circumspectly this time , and Sawchuk was not to be denied .
He was in command throughout and again kept that big 0 on the board into the late stages .
A last - minute penalty , again to Pronovost , caused a few anxious moments but ultimately the masked marvel was unbeatable against 36 Montreal shots and had a 2 - 0 shutout to prove it .
A budding young goalkeeper myself , I thrilled to see my first major record set by a custodian of the cord cottage .
At the time I knew about the " how many " -- 95 -- but had little idea about the " how " .
How Terry Sawchuk was born in the dead of winter in Winnipeg , two months into the Great Depression .
How he had lost both of his older brothers to premature deaths in childhood .
How he had suffered in silence a serious elbow injury whose improper healing resulted in his right ( stick ) arm being two inches shorter than his glove side .
How he had gone to work in a foundry at 14 .
How he had been rookie of the year in two minor professional leagues , convincing " Trader Jack " Adams to make room for the young phenom by trading away Harry Lumley , a future Hall of Famer and current Stanley Cup champion .
How he won a third rookie award , the Calder Trophy , in his first year with the Red Wings in 1950 - 51 .
How Adams had insisted Sawchuk lose 40 pounds after that rookie season , a process that saw the previously - affable young man become sullen and remote .
How he had taken the league by storm in his first five seasons , leading the NHL in Wins each year , posting a rock - steady GAA between 1.90 and 1.99 along with 9 - 12 shutouts in each of those seasons .
How the Wings had finished in first place each of those seasons and won three Stanley Cups .
How his face , and his back , had taken a cruel beating due to his unique " gorilla crouch " and his unflinching desire to stop every puck .
How he had been cast aside at the caprice of Jack Adams in a blockbuster trade / salary dump in the summer of 1955 , another Hall of Famer and current Stanley Cup champion traded for magic beans to lowly Boston to make room for yet another young phenom , Glenn Hall ( who had himself won a league - cup double with Detroit 's top farm club , the Edmonton Flyers ) .
How this betrayal had embittered him , leading to a nervous breakdown and drinking problems that persisted for the rest of his life .
How Adams had traded yet another phenom and Flyers star , forward Johnny Bucyk , to Boston to recover Sawchuk for a second term with the Wings .
How both the team and its star goalie had faded from dominant to merely very good as first Montreal , then Toronto ruled the roost .
How he played with pain in the one - goalie era and how he struggled with injury , including three operations on his right elbow , a career - threatening eye injury , an appendectomy , a broken instep , a collapsed lung , ruptured discs in his back , severed tendons in his hands , and countless facial injuries resulting in an estimated 400 - 600 stitches .
How the shutout rate had slowed from a double - digit torrent to a merely respectable stream of 3 - 5 per season , but how year after year the total continued to mount into Hainsworth territory .
How Sawchuk burned with the shame of being traded , of being merely one of the best goalies in the league , of the losing that inevitably ended every season .
How Terry Sawchuk drank , and how he raged .
By 1963 - 64 the face was covered but no mask could hide those blazing eyes .
That season would be his last in Detroit , as he guided his team within a fluke Bob Baun goal of a surprise Cup but did n't win it .
Not that that would have saved him given the club 's history .
That fall Sawchuk wound up with " my " Leafs in Toronto , where he formed half of a venerable tandem that included the ageless Johnny Bower .
For the next three seasons I watched both men as intently as is possible for a young wannabe goaltender to do .
All on TV , unfortunately ; to my regret I never did see Terry Sawchuk live .
But I got an eyeful over the airwaves .
Terry Sawchuk was a gamer .
His work habits were poor ; teammate Dave Keon described his practice net as being so full of pucks it looked like a coal bin .
He did n't care , unless and until practice ended with a shootout with money on the line .
But come game time he battled with everything he had , bringing a nasty edge that might go off at any time on an opponent , a referee , a fan .
The closest modern goalie to him in my opinion is Ed Belfour .
In his first year in Toronto Sawchuk and Bower split duties equally and became the first tandem to share the Vezina Trophy , then the equivalent of the modern Jennings Trophy ( fewest GA ) , the fourth of Sawchuk 's career .
Two years later the duo shared another , sweeter fourth , as both would win their fourth and most improbable Stanley Cup .
First order of business occurred late in the regular season as Sawchuk posted his milestone 100th shutout , in another Hockey Night in Canada affair that it was my privilege to watch .
Sawchuk 's victims were the Chicago Black Hawks , on their way to a league record for goals but held off the sheet by the venerable shutout master on this night .
It seemed unlikely at the time , but that game foreshadowed the playoffs where Sawchuk contributed 6 of Toronto's 8 wins , allowing just 5 goals in those wins but , paradoxically , recording no shutouts in the process .
Five one - goal games and the greatest job of relief goaltending I 've ever seen , in which Sawchuk replaced an injured Bower after the first period of Game 5 at hostile Chicago Stadium , series tied 2 - 2 , game tied 2 - 2 .
For the next 40 minutes the powerful Hawks peppered Sawchuk with 37 shots , some 14 of them by Bobby Hull , but nary a one found a crack in his armour .
5 times the awesome Hawks powerplay ( Bobby Hull , Dennis Hull , Phil Esposito , Stan Mikita , Kenny Wharram , Doug Mohns , Pierre Pilote ) got an opportunity , and 5 times it was denied by the masked man 's magic .
The Leafs popped a couple of third - period markers against the flow of play and stole away with a 4 - 2 victory .
Three nights later Sawchuk would flummox the Hawks one final time , this time by a 3 - 1 count , and the Prince of Wales Trophy winners and record - breaking Stanley Cup favourites were down for the count .
That set the stage for an all - Canadian Stanley Cup Finals , utterly appropriate in Centennial Year .
To a Leaf - lovin ' Hab - hatin ' Canadian boy of eleven , that series meant everything : the only two possible outcomes were joy and despair .
After Sawchuk got smoked in Game 1 , Bower became the early series hero with a shutout and a thrilling 60 - save , double - overtime win , but reaggravated his injury and was lost for the series .
Into the breach once more stepped Sawchuk , and after getting lit up a second time in Game 4 he bounced back with a pair of goaltending gems as the Leafs toppled the mighty Habs 4 - 1 and 3 - 1 to take the Cup .
Sawchuk ended his Jekyll - and - Hyde playoff run with a record of 0 - 4 , 5.33 on Thursdays and 6 - 0 , 0.82 on the other days of the week .
His overall stats were middling ( 6 - 4 , 2.65 GAA ) enough that he got overlooked for the Conn Smythe , but he could well have won it on the strength of the several individual games that he stole .
That was the last hurrah .
That fall the NHL expanded to twelve teams and both Terry Sawchuk and the Stanley Cup left Toronto forever .
The aging great found himself in Los Angeles for a year , where he posted 2 more shutouts , the 19th consecutive season he had recorded at least one whitewash .
After that came a third tour of duty in Detroit ( just 13 GP ) and then a final season at age 40 in New York backing up Eddie Giacomin .
Just 8 GP , but in one of them Sawchuk recorded his 500th NHL victory ( regular season and playoffs ) , and in another he posted his 103rd and last shutout , setting a standard that I frankly thought would never be approached let alone equalled and , presumably , broken .
That spring Terry Sawchuk died .
The story has never been entirely clear , but he had a blow - up with his teammate and roommate Ron Stewart over some unpaid bills .
Punches were thrown , and Sawchuk reportedly fell into a barbecue pit , injuring himself seriously .
He was hospitalized for some weeks before news filtered out of his sudden passing from liver complications .
Although his death somewhat mirrored the celebrated in - career passings of famous netminders Georges Vezina and Charlie Gardiner , in more ways it resembled that of Howie Morenz who was facing the end of the line square in the face when he just let go and died .
As Morenz was born to skate , Terry Sawchuk was born to tend goal .
When he finally reached his " best before " date , he simply expired .
As far as I ’m concerned , Google Groups is dead .
For the jQuery project we ’ve run all of our community discussions through Google Group mailing lists for the past three years .
At this moment the main jQuery group is the second most popular programming group ( next to Android developers ) clocking in at over 21,000 members .
We also have the jQuery Dev and jQuery UI groups .
The main jQuery group averages around 83 - 143 messages per day .
I also use Google Groups for discussion on a number of my other projects ( Processing.js , Env.js , Sizzle.js , and TestSwarm ) .
This post is n’t so much about the usefulness of mailing lists as a discussion medium , it ’s the complete failure of Google Groups as an adequate purveyor of public discussion software .
For the jQuery project we ’re already in the process of moving the full discussion area to a forum that we control .
We should have it set up , and everything moved over , within the next month or two .
There is one area in which Google Groups continues to shine : Private , or restricted , mailing list discussions .
However any attempts at using it for a public discussion medium are completely futile .
The primary problem with Google Groups boils down to a systemic failure to contain and manage spam .
Only a bottom - up overhaul of the Google Groups system would be able to fix the problems that every Google Group faces .
To better illustrate the problem , let ’s step through the common experience of running a Google Group .
The Beginning
When you create a public group everything will go well for a couple days , at most .
Without fail an onslaught of spam will start to come through your group – I ’ve even seen it happen within the first day .
It happens to every group and does n’t matter how well you advertise it ( or try to hide it ) .
After having watched Google Groups for as long as I have I can only assume that there exists no spam filtering whatsoever .
Or , if there is any , it ’s the most grossly incompetent spam filter I ’ve ever seen .
When these spam messages start to come to your group a couple things will happen .
First , you may not even notice the spams coming through .
Since you ’re likely reading the list in a competent email client ( such as Gmail ) it ’ll detect the messages and dump them into your personal spam folder .
Do n’t be surprised if you visit your group and see a pile of spammy messages sitting there greeting your new visitors .
Most email client spam detection software is smart .
It looks for common points of failure and tries to take care of the root problem .
One such tactic is to realize that a lot of spam is coming from a single address ( like a Google Group ) and start to flag most of it as it comes through ( regardless of the actual content ) .
The result is that much of your list is being flagged as a false positive .
In the case of Gmail people will then start to un - flag the falsely - binned group messages .
This works well until the system starts to think that all group messages are ok – and here comes the spam again .
To fight the spam you ’ll likely start flagging emails as “ spam ” in the groups interface .
This works well ( the user is permanently banned and the message deleted ) – until a couple hours pass , that is .
You ’ll see the spammer return , with a slightly different username , posting the same exact spam messages .
Flagging a user / message as spam does absolutely nothing to train the groups spam detection system ( for reasons that are n’t entirely clear and only be explained by incompetence ) .
It ’s a horrible game of cat and mouse with the spam destroying the quality of your group .
It ’s at this point that you say “ enough is enough ” and you turn on moderation for your group .
Moderation
Google Group moderation seems like a palatable idea but in practice is aggravating and crippling .
To start , it creates a horrible first - participation experience for your users .
For example , let ’s say you go to bed at the same time as someone in Tokyo attempts to post a message to the group ; you wo n’t be able to moderate the message through for many hours ( and that ’s assuming that you moderate messages during your work day ) .
While the experience is much worse than instant posting it is par for the course for most moderation systems .
Of course , this would assume that Google Groups actually informs the users that their message has been held in moderation .
Looking through the moderation queue you can see users attempting to submit their message over - and - over again , wondering why it is n’t working .
Eventually they ’ll just give up in frustration .
In order to combat this you ’ll typically need to bring on a bunch of people to help with the moderation duties .
In the case of the main jQuery and jQuery UI groups we divvy up the moderation based upon the time of day and week ( and where the moderator lives ) .
This is incredibly frustrating but still manageable .
This moderation load also assumes that you are able to successfully navigate the abysmal Google Groups moderation user interface .
It ’s a horrible quagmire of radio buttons and un-evenly spaced rows with no visual delineation .
I ’ve provided an example of the interface below ( BEWARE : Contains Not Safe For Work text ) .
When you begin moderating all the radio buttons start on the “ Ignore ” column , it ’s your duty to move all the messages to the right columns .
The “ Spam ” and “ Always Allow ” columns were added just recently ( thank goodness ) – the moderation process use to be much worse .
With a user interface this bad mistakes happen .
Sometimes spam accidentally slips through , sometimes users get completely banned .
I estimate that this happens about once in every couple hundred messages .
With 84 -143 messages coming to the main jQuery Google Group every day that means that there ’ll be at least a few users banned and a few spam coming through every week .
While the occasional spam slipping through is a reality of the web , accidentally banning users is unacceptable – but it does happen , even when you do n’t mean to .
For example , here ’s a message that I got from a user just today :
I seem to have been banned from the jQuery Google Group for a reason
I ’m not aware of .
> The owner of this group has banned you from this group .
Not sure if this is another Groups glitch or not .
I can still access
the jQuery UI group , though .
My account is under email : XXXXX@gmail.com
Please advise .
Thanks .
Nothing quite like insulting , confusing , and scaring your users , due to a poorly - designed user interface and abysmal spam detection .
This is the reality that Google Group owners have to live with on a daily basis .
All of this changed a couple weeks ago .
End Game
The final straw was placed upon my patience with the Google Groups system a few weeks ago .
Spammers are now spoofing the email addresses of existing group participants to sneak their messages through .
Previously you would ’ve seen a delightful “ FREE MOVIE DOWNLOADS ” spam from “ freemovies123@gmail.com ” – but now you ’ll see it coming from existing group users – or even the group moderators themselves .
This cheat completely bypasses the moderation system since the spammers are pretending to be pre-moderated users .
The Google Groups system is completely fooled .
The spam message comes in claiming to be from an existing group participant – and according to the Google Groups interface there is no difference .
If you click the user ’s name you ’ll be taken to a full listing of that user ’s posts ( with the spam messages delightfully interspersed ) .
For example , here ’s a user whose email address is being spoofed and an email that was actually sent to Google Groups .
Note that the actual email is coming from a .ch domain and not from the actual Gmail server .
The only “ cure ” to this problem is to watch for a spam message to come through and then force that user into a permanent state of moderation .
Of course , you then have to be careful not to bring that user into a “ pre-approved ” state the next time you clean up the moderation queue .
There is no way to keep track of which users should be kept in a always - moderate state and which should skip moderation .
At this very moment my own email address , and the email addresses of most of the jQuery group moderators , are being spoofed by spammers .
This means that we ( the owner and moderators of the group ) have to moderate our own messages before we post , for fear of letting a spoofed spam through .
This will likely happen indefinitely since Google Groups has been notoriously slow to fix problems with the site .
On top of all of this , Google Groups actually strips out many of the original spam indicators from the message when it re-broadcasts it to the full list .
This means that when the message finally arrives at a user ’s email client it actually looks like it came from the spoofed user .
Since I ’m currently being spoofed I ’ve actually had a bunch of my legitimate email end up in spam folders as a result .
Having my email address become flagged as a spammer is positively infuriating .
The fact that Google Groups is silently sitting by and blindly letting this happen communicates one thing to me : Google Groups is dead , time to move on as quickly as possible .
Moving On
I ’ve completely given up on Google Groups – and I ’m not the only one .
Feel free to ask any Google Group moderator and I ’m certain that you ’ll only get a sad shake of their head .
The situation is completely untenable – which is why the jQuery team is actively working to get all our lists off of Google Groups as quickly as possible .
To give you an idea of the overall level of quality that Google Groups exhibits here is an anecdote :
A couple weeks ago the jQuery UI Google Group was completely deleted for no apparent reason .
It was gone for the better part of a day before it was restored .
The only mechanism for contacting support , even in a situation as serious as that , is to post on a public Google Group .
We never received a response from an admin regarding the missing group .
Are there backups of group data ?
Who knows !
Forget it , life is too short for the stress and aggravation that Google Groups provides .
While Google Groups provides a mechanism for exporting a CSV members list it provides no way to export the full message archive for a group .
With over 120,000 messages tied up in the main jQuery Google Group alone it ’s going to take some significant work to get everything out and move on .
Our only avenue of escape ( short of screen scraping the entire Google Group archive ) is doing an IMAP dump of my personal Gmail account and extracting all the jQuery group posts from it .
I ’m sure that experience will be absolutely delightful as well .
Bye Google Groups , you wo n’t be missed .
Fans of “ South Park ” are well aware that Trey Parker and Matt Stone , the creators of that Comedy Central animated series , are not exactly delicate about their language on the show : one notorious episode from 2001 used a familiar vulgarity 162 times — so often that it conjured up an angry , rampaging dragon on the show .
( Hence the term curse words . )
But an episode of “ South Park ” broadcast on Wednesday that centered on a different offensive word has elicited a more sober reaction .
On this latest episode , called “ The F - Word , ” the children of “ South Park ” decide that they will change the meaning of the word “ fag ” so that it will be used as a slur against burly , inconsiderate motorcyclists who ride loud Harley - Davidson bikes instead of against gay people .
The children ’s casual and frequent use of the word , which was broadcast unbleeped , offends adults and several gay characters on the show .
But after the town learns the etymology of the word “ faggot ” ( which began use as a derisive term for old women ) and gains the approval of a dictionary official , their new meaning for the word is accepted .
But the episode did not sit easy with the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , an advocacy group that monitors issues of gender identity and sexual orientation in the media .
In a news release issued on Thursday night , the group asks for Comedy Central and the “ South Park ” staff to apologize for what it calls a “ slur - filled episode . ”
In a statement , GLAAD officials said they recognized that the episode was attempting to “ use edgy humor to provide commentary on current issues . ”
They added : “ Yet despite what the ‘ South Park ’ writers may believe , the definition of the F - word remains one that is harmful and derogatory to the LGBT community . ”
The statement , which does not use the word directly , says that the epithet “ remains a hateful slur that is often part of the harassment , bullying and violence that gay people , and gay youth in particular , experience on a daily basis in this country .
It is an epithet that has real consequences for real people ’s lives . ”
It continues :
The creators of “ South Park ” are right on one important point : more and more people are using the F - word as an all - purpose insult .
However , it is irresponsible and wrong to suggest that it is a benign insult or that promoting its use has no consequences for those who are the targets of anti-gay bullying and violence .
This is a slur whose meaning remains rooted in homophobia .
And while many “ South Park ” viewers will understand the sophisticated satire and critique in last night ’s episode , others wo n’t – and if even a small number of those take from this a message that using the “ F - word ” is OK , it worsens the hostile climate that many in our community continue to face .
The GLAAD statement said it was told by Comedy Central that the network appreciated its concerns and would soon be in touch to discuss them with the group .
A press representative for Comedy Central said that the network would comment shortly .
Did you watch the “ South Park ” episode , and if so , what did you think ?
Should its creators apologize for their use of an offensive word ?
Is it unacceptable even in a satirical context ?
Post a comment here and let us know what you think .
Note from ArtsBeat :
We appreciate all of our readers ’ interest in this post and the complexity of the issues it raises .
Please keep in mind when commenting that The Times is a family newspaper and comments need to adhere to our standards .
Feel free to review our comment policy here .
Is Bioware 's Dragon Age the last of its kind ?
A solo - player game absent an integrated online component ?
Or is it actually the next step in what Spore designer Will Wright calls the " massively single player " experience ?
Dragon Age ( Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Windows ) heralds Bioware 's return to fantasy role - playing , a " dark heroic fantasy " that lets you choose from six origin stories designed to change up your game in more than the usual cursory ways .
It 's out on November 17th .
In the final part of our interview with the game 's lead designer Mike Laidlaw , we talk about the " death " of single - player gaming , a fantasy version of The Wire , the death of moustache - twirling villainy , social networking , and how to get noticed in a crowded room .
This is Part Three ( Part One , Part Two )
Game On : A Theory of Fun author Raph Koster argued single - player gaming was doomed back in 2006 .
He went on to clarify that he meant games in which " only one person [ is ] making decisions . "
That pretty much describes games like Jade Empire , Mass Effect , and now Dragon Age coming out three years after his pronunciation .
Your response ?
Mike Laidlaw : I think the glory of stories -- and I think this is something computers are only now starting to be able to participate in -- is that stories are shared experiences .
It 's the shaman telling the tale of whatever around the campfire , the boy scouts with the flashlight under their faces .
All these things are primal ways that we as a people communicate , share experiences , and quite often , share wisdom and growth .
Before written communication , before the printing press , and before computers certainly .
Lore and legends were often wrapped up as fables and parables , for the purposes of sharing experiences .
So to my mind , the most valid story is one that can be experienced but also shared , that can have moments that really resonate with you .
And in an ideal world , we 're looking at playing to the strengths of computer gaming , and making the game and story reactive , but also enabling people to share that story and say " Look , I did this , and then this , and then this , " and feel like an experience happened to them that they want to relate to others .
That is where gaming transcends where it 's been in the past .
I do n't think a single - player experience means you have to do it in isolation .
I think that 's where the fallacy lies , the sense that by firing up a single - player game you instantly shut down your messaging utility , destroy your Facebook account , and close your Twitter account .
These things do n't happen .
People want to post about what 's happening to them , and you 're seeing games now that 'll for instance allow you to post a Twitter update from inside the game .
We 're actually developing something for Dragon Age called the Social Engine that allows you to share the experiences and growth of your characters .
Even though it 's a single - player game , you 'll be able to hold it out for people to take a look and go " I can see what you 're doing there , and how you 're doing it . "
One of the big strengths of Dragon Age is that by the time you finish playing , we hope players do n't feel like they experienced the story we wanted to tell them , but that they played through their story .
We 're using specific techniques to guide the experience , to make it so you 're not lost and wandering completely disengaged , but within that there 's substantial choice and variety .
At the end I think it all comes together and you 're like " This feels like something I did , and I want to tell people about it . "
GO : What kinds of ethical level does the game operate at ?
Is it broad stroke " with us or against us , " good versus evil , Clash of the Titans stuff ?
Or more like a mythic version of The Wire ?
ML : The strength of shows like The Wire , which is fabulous by the way , is that the ethical dilemmas you face are ones that resonate with you .
Because you can understand -- and I think The Wire does this better than other attempts -- that it 's showing you people in relatable situations , and it shows you how they got there , and why they 're still there .
You can empathize and sympathize , even with the guys doing really bad things .
You can empathize with the corrupt cops .
You know you can really sink your teeth into it because you can see that deep down they 're also people .
You can understand how people could end up in these scenarios .
It 's easy to look down from your perch and go " Oh , that would never happen to me , " but The Wire shows that in its particular reality , it 's the only way to survive .
Where Dragon
Age falls into that spectrum is …it 's kind of halfway between the two , because The Wire , to use it as our touchstone example , deals very much with the kind of mundane , the smaller day - to - day stuff , whereas Clash of the Titans deals with issues that are so gigantic it 's almost impossible for us to conceptualize without thinking metaphorically .
You know , fighting Medusas and things that are completely off the hook .
Somewhere between those two , I 'd put Dragon Age , where the characters and interactions you have are ones that -- especially if you go digging and read the lore and ask questions of the characters you meet -- you can understand the motivations behind what seems to be apparent villainy , and you can rationalize how someone could end up there .
That 's where I am very excited about our villains .
Because they are n't just moustache - twirling " I 'm here to destroy the world . "
They 're people reacting to things that happened in their past , things that happened directly to them , and they 're responding in the only way they feel is reasonable .
So for instance , and I think this is a major theme within the game , there is very clearly an evil on the horizon .
There 's a storm cloud a - brewin ' , and that is The Blight , the Darkspawn , and they 're coming .
But at the beginning of the game they 're not fully formed , they 're on the way , but you 've got people questioning whether the stuff that 's happening is really portentous .
" It 's been 400 years , is it really going to happen again ? "
That kind of …it 's almost denial .
Later you can see how characters reacted to the fact that they were n't sure , that they did n't know , how that indecision or perhaps ambition drove them to attempt something because " Oh look , everyone 's distracted , I can get away with this right now , " and so on and so forth .
As a result you can get into a space where you can understand our villains and yet still have this big looming wall of evil heading your way , which I like , because it means there 's something you can be opposed to even while feeling sympathetic for characters that have fallen into some sort of depravity .
GO : It 's where Tolkien dropped the ball in the Lord of the Rings .
Why did the orcs and trolls sign up ?
Why do they care ?
Why fight to pulverize the topography ?
There 's no insight into that stuff , into these other presumably nuanced ethnicities , who are of course going out and dying in untold numbers for some faceless Big Bad 's sociopathic desire to put a wrecking ball through the world .
It 's not that we have to be sympathetic with what they 're doing , but at least tell us why they 're doing it , and be honest about its complexities .
ML : Well in Dragon
Age , we certainly have the Darkspawn and The Blight , which is that force of evil , though you get the sense that there 's something behind even that as you 're playing the game .
The nice thing is that when you do have this opposing force , where it 's kind of like " I see the arch - demon is rallying the Darkspawn behind him , " but as you encounter people who 've been touched by the corruption of the Darkspawn , you start to realize things about their motivations .
It 's like , these things are bestial and evil , but what 's really going on here ?
Then when you 're dealing with the more visibly human forms of villainy , it 's definitely not of the moustache - twirling variety .
It 's very much a comprehensible , almost sympathetic kind of evil .
When listing the most troubling global trends of our time , one has to consider the following : accelerating industrialization , widespread malnutrition , depletion of non-renewable resources and a deteriorating environment .
At the root of all these converging crises is the issue of human overpopulation .
Each person we add to the planet requires more energy , space and resources to survive .
If the human population was maintained at sustainable levels , it might be possible to balance environmental issues with renewable resources and regeneration .
Unfortunately our population is rapidly rising beyond the Earth ’s ability to regenerate and sustain us with a reasonable quality of life .
We are exceeding the carrying capacity of our planet .
One only has to look at the situation we find ourselves in with respect to water , soil and food depletion , biodiversity loss and the degradation of our oceans to know that the human situation is not sustainable .
So , one has to ask , what level of human population is sustainable ?
What is a Sustainable Population ?
A sustainable population is one that can survive over the long - term ( tens of thousands of years ) without running out of resources or damaging its environment in the process .
This means that a population must not generate more waste than natural processes can deal with , that those wastes do not generate harmful outcomes for the ecosystem and that the resources used are either renewable through natural processes or are able to be entirely recycled .
A sustainable population must not grow past the point where those natural limits are breached .
Clearly , the current human population is not sustainable .
Carrying Capacity
Carrying capacity is defined as “ the population size of the species that the environment can sustain indefinitely , given the food , habitat , water and other necessities available in the environment . ”
Wiki
If the numbers of a species are below the carrying capacity of its environment , its birth rate will increase .
If the population exceeds the carrying capacity , the death rate will increase until the population numbers are stable .
The relationship of humans to their environment is obviously more complex than the relationship of other species to theirs .
The human carrying capacity can be increased by the discovery and exploitation of new resources ( such as metals , oil or fertile uninhabited land ) and it can be decreased by resource exhaustion and waste buildup , for example declining soil fertility and water pollution .
If we look at a graph of world population from 1 AD to now , it ’s perfectly obvious that something has massively increased the world ’s carrying capacity in the last 150 years .
For tens of thousands of years the human population rose very gradually as humanity spread across the globe .
This began to change around 1800 and by 1900 the human population was rising dramatically .
The population reached 6.1 billion in 2000 .
The United Nation projects that if continue along our current trajectory , world population for the year 2050 could range between 7.9 billion to 10.9 billion !
The Role of Oil in Population Growth
Oil first entered general use around 1900 when the global population was about 1.6 billion .
Since then the population has quadrupled .
When we look at oil production overlaid on the population growth curve we can see a very suggestive correlation .
Oil allowed humans to send fishing ships far out to sea , to drill deep water wells to irrigate crops and to grow , harvest , refrigerate and distribute vast quantities of food .
It enables us to feed 6.8 billion people .
The “ Green Revolution ”
Another cause of the huge population growth during the 20th century was the enormous world - wide increase in food production created by the growth of industrial agribusiness .
Popularly known as the “ Green Revolution ” , it ’s clear that it has caused a massive increase in both yields and the absolute quantities of food being grown worldwide .
I often think calling this particular revolution ‘ green ’ is a complete misnomer , given that it was actually based on cheap and easy access to large quantities of oil .
First came mechanization , then the invention of pesticides and fertilizers .
Both of these new technologies are completely reliant on petroleum products derived from oil .
Without large quantities of cheap oil , this revolution could not have occurred .
In 2000 , a University of Michigan study stated that for every calorie of food energy consumed in the United States , over seven calories of non-food energy ( fossil fuels ) were used to produce it .
Other studies have placed the ratio at 10:1 .
The United States uses over 12 % of its total oil consumption for the production and distribution of food .
As the oil supply begins its inevitable decline , food production will be affected .
Over the next decades the ability to maintain our burgeoning population will come under increasing pressure .
Source : Clay Bennett
Population Growth in light of Peak Oil
Over the last couple of centuries , Human carrying capacity has been added to the Earth in direct proportion to the use of oil .
As I outlined in a previous post , oil is a finite , non-renewable resource .
As our oil supply declines , the disturbing implication is that the carrying capacity of the world will automatically fall with it .
Our population today is many times as much as it was before oil came into our lives , and it is still growing .
If this resource were to be exhausted , our population would have no option but to decline to the level supportable by the world ’s lowered carrying capacity .
Understanding the role of oil in expanding the earth ’s carrying capacity brings a new urgency to the topic of Peak Oil .
I ’ll leave further discussion on that topic until another day .
Population Growth and other Environmental issues
As the world population continues to grow , much pressure is being placed on arable land , water , energy , and biological resources to provide an adequate supply of food while maintaining the integrity of our ecosystem .
Each of these issues deserves a dedicated post , so in the coming months I intend to discuss the impact our growing population has on a variety of these environmental issues .
Read more from me :
Economy # 1 : How Money is Created
Energy # 1 : What is Peak Oil ?
We are currently working on essential maintenance and will be back online soon .
If you are searching for an umbrella company , we have negotiated a staggering 50 % discount for you with our number 1 rated provider – Umbrella Company UK .
Simply click here or call 01707 669023 .
Quote FREELANCESUPERMARKET
to qualify for the discounted fee of just £ 10 per week .
Offer closes on 1st Nov 2020 .
CHICAGO , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) - U.S. food processor and ethanol producer Archer Daniels Midland ADM.N said on Thursday it is aware of some isolated cases of vomitoxin in this year 's corn crop but the toxin posed no problems at its facilities .
Vomitoxin , caused by a fungal disease that sprouts up in overly wet conditions , has been found this year in parts of the eastern U.S. Corn Belt .
The toxin can sicken livestock if consumed in high concentrations .
“ It showed up in only a small part of crop at this point , ” Dwight Grimestad , ADM ’s vice president of investor relations , said at the Morgan Stanley Global Consumer and Retail Conference in New York that was also webcast to reporters .
“ From our perspective , this is not a big deal .
We ’ve not had any problems with our deliveries , ” he said .
Grimestad added that ADM is in a good position to handle any vomitoxin issues because it sources its corn from a broad geographic area .
Anecdotal accounts of the plant toxin , which rarely occurs in corn , unlike wheat , sent prices of Chicago Board of Trade soymeal and soybean futures higher last week as investors bet feed users would switch from corn to soy - based feed .
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange said it would announce this week limits on the level of vomitoxin in corn delivered to buyers of futures contracts .
The exchange currently has limits on vomitoxin for wheat deliveries but not for corn .
A CME spokeswoman said the exchange was uncertain if the new limits on vomitoxin in corn would apply to deliveries against the December contract , which expires on Dec. 14 .
The delivery process begins at the end of November .
The U.S. food and Drug Administration allows vomitoxin concentrations of no more than 5 parts per million in feed for swine , and 10 ppm for cattle and poultry feed .
Grain elevators across the Midwest grain belt have randomly been testing corn supplies they received from farmers for vomitoxin , but there have been no confirmed incidents of farmers being paid less for the tainted corn .
Poet LLC , the largest producer of ethanol in the United States , said the company was testing corn supplies it purchases for all toxins , including vomitoxin .
“ We have seen it in limited areas near some of POET ’s plants in the Eastern Corn Belt , ” the company said in an email reply to Reuters .
“ POET will continue to test and monitor local crops as the 2009 harvest moves toward completion , ” it said .
There has been talk that hog producers have been reluctant to feed their livestock with distillers ’ dried grain , a byproduct of processing corn into ethanol , due to vomitoxin .
( Additional reporting by Julie Ingwersen ; Editing by Christian Wiessner )
Call For Proposals The Endangered Languages Armamentation Programme
I n recent years , there have been many new initiatives launched , with the aim of promoting the status of minority languages which are considered to be endangered .
On the whole , these have been a dismal failure — language death continues unabated throughout all hemispheres .
Clearly , stronger measures are called for .
The solution is a simple one , but it requires a certain degree of political will .
It is well known that a “ language ” is just a dialect with an army .
Furthermore , it is well - known that endangered languages today are endangered because they are being replaced by encroaching majority languages .
The Endangered Languages Armamentation Programme recognizes these facts , and aims to provide the means for minority speech communities to attain the status of “ languages , ” while simultaneously providing for their active defence against the encroachment of their majority language neighbors .
Made possible by the generous donations of several anonymous supporters of world linguistic rights , ELAP expects to be able to provide funding for a large number of linguistic rights struggles , for at least the next 25 years .
For the 2006 Campaign year , we expect to be able to fund approximately 30 projects , ranging from £ 1,000,000 to £ 25,000,000 .
To apply for funding , just complete the application below and submit it to our offices .
Due to political sensitivities , we are unfortunately unable to disclose the precise continent on which the ELAP offices are located .
The kind editors of Speculative Grammarian have indicated their willingness to accept applications and forward them on to us , via a secure courier service .
For this outstanding display of devotion to the preservation of languages , SpecGram has received our deep gratitude ( and a large payment ) .
APPLICATION
ELAP Funding
2006 Campaign Year
Name of language or dialect
Ethnologue code
Geographic location
Approximate number of speakers ( living )
Name of encroaching major language
Ethnologue code
Total armamentation budget requested ( please provide figures in £ Sterling )
Statement of need .
Briefly ( in 500 words or less ) describe the situation of your language community , and its relations with the encroaching majority language .
Focus specifically on why you think ELAP funding will enable you to change the current situation .
Armaments requested ( please tick all that apply , and give approximate quantities and costs at local prices ) :
Item Approx .
Quantity Cost Per __ assault rifles __ anti-aircraft missiles __ anti-tank missiles __ hand grenades __ rifles __ pistols __ ammunition __ miscellaneous supplies ( please specify )
Some proposals require you to submit a strategic plan .
We assume that all funding requests are for traditional guerrilla tactic weaponry .
If your request is in excess of £ 95,000,000 , this indicates that you intend to engage in open confrontational conflict ; in such cases , our anonymous donors require a detailed strategic plan , which you can submit on a separate page .
Note :
As a signatory of the International Land Mine Ban , ELAP deplores the use of Antipersonnel Landmines .
We will not fund the purchase of these barbaric items .
Kimchi
The essential Korean dish
Side dishes Banchan makes the meal
Rice
Our most important grain
Pancakes Savory & simple
Rice cakes
Tteok for every occasion
Stews Jjigae is our comfort food
Noodles Long noodles = long life !
Soups
Guk at every meal
Desserts
Sweet stuff for special days
Main dishes Consider these mains
BBQ The Korean way to grill
Fried chicken Double - fried deliciousness
One bowl meals Nutritious , & convenient
Easy Anyone can make these !
Lunchboxes Dosirak made with love
Appetizers
These could be first
Fermented
Our long history of fermentation
Staple ingredients
The basics of Korean cuisine
Mitbanchan Preserved side dishes
Pickles Quickly brined side dishes
Spicy
We love spicy food : )
Nonspicy Korean cuisine has plenty !
Beef
For meat lovers
Seafood Korea 's surrounded by sea
Pork Some new dishes to try
Chicken Some of our most delicious
Vegetarian Seasonal , local , foraged
Snacks Quick dishes on the run
Porridges Juk is good for your health !
Cold dishes
Icy , cold , or just chilled
Drinks
With fruits , grains , & herbs
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Much of the money given to General Motors and Chrysler to prevent them from collapsing will never be recovered , according to a report released Wednesday by the Congressional Oversight Panel .
" Although taxpayers may recover some portion of their investment in Chrysler and GM , it is unlikely they will recover the entire amount , " the report says , citing estimates from the Treasury Department and Congressional Budget Office .
The oversight panel , headed by Harvard University professor Elizabeth Warren , was created by Congress last year to oversee the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program .
GM and Chrysler were each teetering on collapse this spring when the Obama administration effectively forced both automakers into bankruptcy , lending them enough to survive .
Both have shed billions of dollars in debt and are now rebuilding .
All told , since late last year , the government has provided or pledged the two companies , icons of American manufacturing , more than $ 60 billion in aid .
Treasury estimates that about $ 23 billion of initial loans to the two companies " will be subject to ' much lower recoveries , ' " the panel 's report says .
In particular , $ 5.4 billion of loans to Chrysler are " highly unlikely to be recovered , " it continued .
" The initial loans made last fall as the industry was imploding and when no restructuring plan was in place are not likely to be repaid in full , " Warren said during a conference call with reporters .
How much of the remaining funds will be recovered is impossible to predict , Warren said , because the loans have been converted to stock .
" The American taxpayer is now an equity investor in Chrysler and GM , " Warren said .
" And the return on its investment depends on what those companies are worth in a year or two . "
The government owns 10 % of Chrysler and 61 % of GM .
Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R - Texas , who is the only member of Congress on the oversight panel , declined to sign the final report .
In a statement , Hensarling cited his objections to the use of TARP funds to help the auto industry and the structured bankruptcies of the two automakers .
" By making such an unprecedented investment in Chrysler and GM the Administration by definition chose not to assist other Americans that are in need , " Hensarling said in a statement .
" The government clearly picked winners and losers . "
' Somewhat mixed ' record
On the whole , the report said Treasury had a " somewhat mixed " record in how it handled the two bailouts .
Officials acted " aggressively " and demanded concessions from the companies .
Yet they were not fully clear with the public about " the decisions to enter into the transactions in the first place . "
The report made several recommendations .
One was that the government 's shares in GM and Chrysler should be placed in an independently managed trust to prevent any potential political entanglements , the report said .
That would be preferable to simply holding the shares as a " passive " investor .
Warren said the question of whether TARP gave Treasury authority to help the auto industry " is the subject of considerable debate , " the report said .
Treasury should provide a detailed legal analysis of this use of TARP funds , Warren said .
Still , she said , there is unlikely to be a serious legal challenge to Treasury 's actions in this case .
Mozilla Messaging announced on Tuesday the official release of Thunderbird 3 , a major update of the popular open source mail client .
The new version brings great improvements , including an impressive new search system and support for tabs in the user interface .
The Mozilla Foundation began forming the Mozilla Messaging subsidiary in 2007 with the aim of giving Thunderbird a chance to soar .
The company brought in former ActiveState CTO David Ascher to direct the organization and set its technical agenda .
After he took the reigns in early 2008 , he began documenting his team 's vision for Thunderbird 3 , an ambitious update that would modernize the mail client in much the same way that the Firefox 3 release renewed Mozilla 's browser .
The roadmap included plans to adopt Gecko 1.9 so that Thunderbird could leverage important improvements that had been made to the underlying architecture of the Mozilla platform .
The growing dominance of Web - based messaging services like Gmail have raised challenging questions about the future relevance of desktop mail clients .
Thunderbird 3 , which was finally released this week , delivers some truly innovative features and offers compelling evidence that desktop clients still have a lot of untapped potential and can provide capabilities that complement and exceed the power of even the best Web - based mail offerings .
Search
The most impressive example is the new search feature that is introduced in Thunderbird 3 .
It takes full advantage of the mail client 's built - in HTML rendering engine to supply a rich display that includes an intelligent filtering interface .
When the user inputs a search query , the results will be displayed as a series of textual excerpts in a separate tab .
Users can filter by month , year , or day by drilling down into a visual timeline that uses a bar graph to represent message volume .
You can also filter by folder or by sender and recipient by clicking items in a sidebar that is populated based on relevance .
It can even automatically detect messages that are part of mailing lists and let you filter accordingly .
I 've been using the new search feature on a regular basis since beta 4 and I 've found it to be an extraordinary productivity booster .
Its only major weakness is that it does n't show enough result items at once .
You have to click a " More " button at the end of the excerpts to retrieve additional items .
This can be frustrating in cases where I do n't remember enough specific details about a desired message to get it to it quickly with the filtering features .
The new search feature has a lot of potential , but there is so much more that Mozilla can do with it .
I hope that it will evolve to gain more sophisticated filtering and presentation features in future versions .
I 'd also like to see improved autocompletion in the search box for true AwesomeBar - like mail navigation .
Tabbed mail
Another major improvement that was introduced in Thunderbird 3 is a tabbed user interface .
Individual messages and mail folders can be opened in tabs so that you can switch easily between them .
I had mixed feelings about the tabs when I first started using Thunderbird 3 , but I soon developed a strong appreciation for the feature after I adjusted my workflow to truly take advantage of its benefits .
When I 'm triaging my mail in the morning , I will often use middle - click to open messages that I care about in tabs .
This lets me work through my mail right away in one fell swoop and then read the high - priority messages afterward by rotating through them with ctrl+tab .
I find that it 's more efficient than stopping to read individual messages while I 'm cleaning up my inbox .
I will also sometimes keep different mail folders open in tabs just so that I can switch between them faster with the keyboard .
It 's easier than using the mouse to click the desired folder in the sidebar tree .
Although I 'm very enthusiastic about the power of tabs in Thunderbird , there are some limitations in the current implementation that detract from its general awesomeness .
There are some key features that unfortunately still spawn windows rather than tabs .
For example , when you open the address book or compose a new message , there is no way to use those features in a tab .
Another frustrating limitation is the absence of support for tab reordering .
You can't move tabs , drag them between windows , or break them out of the current window like you can with Firefox .
I also ran into a problem when I accidentally hit enter while I had a few hundred messages selected .
Thunderbird will open all of them in new tabs without prompting you .
I was fortunately able to clean up the mess by clicking the " close other tabs " item on the contextual menu for my Inbox tab .
Add-ons
Thunderbird 's powerful add - on system can also take advantage of the mail client 's tabbed interface .
One of the coolest examples of this that I 've seen so far is an extension published by Mozilla 's Bryan Clark that lets you load Google Calendar in a Thunderbird tab .
I 'm a big fan of Google Calendar and I think its user interface is a lot nicer than that of Thunderbird 's Lightning calendar plugin .
I was previously using Prism to bring Google Calendar to my desktop , but I think that its a perfect fit in Thunderbird thanks to Clark 's clever add - on .
When I looked at the source code to see how the feat was accomplished , I was astonished by how little code it required .
The Thunderbird developers aim to make the extension APIs easy to use so that the barrier to entry for new developers will be very low .
I think that the Google Calendar extension portends very exciting things because it illustrates the potential for integrating Web applications , with rich HTML interfaces , directly into the Thunderbird desktop client .
Although the integration is somewhat thin in this case , there is the potential for doing a lot more .
When I began experimenting with it myself , I had a bit of a revelation .
The desktop mail client of the future could really be more like a Web browser but with integration hooks and specialized presentation capabilities that are oriented towards messaging .
With an extension , you can load practically any Web service — like your favorite RSS reader or todo list — in a tab and then programmatically manipulate its behavior , tying its features into the mail client 's menus and toolbar with a handful of JavaScript functions .
The availability of JetPack for Thunderbird also has significant implications for ease of extensibility .
I think that the unique characteristics of Mozilla 's technology platform , with its versatile combination of XUL and Gecko , are ideally suited for unlocking the potential of this approach to desktop messaging .
Usability improvements
There are a handful of noteworthy usability improvements peppered through the Thunderbird interface .
Operations that are contextually relevant to messages — such as reply and delete — are now displayed in the message header instead of the main toolbar .
This keeps these commands spatially close to the content on which they are being performed .
Although I can appreciate the value of reducing clutter in the main toolbar by removing some of the now - redundant buttons , I personally like having the features accessible through the toolbar in addition to the message header .
Fortunately , I was able to bring them back pretty easily with the toolbar customization feature .
The developers have also made changes to simplify the process of adding a contact to your address book .
This can now be done with only one click by hitting the star icon that appears next to a contact 's name in a message heading .
Another critical usability enhancement is the new account configuration wizard which simplifies the initial setup process .
Another great addition is support for viewing multiple selected messages at once .
When you use shift + click or ctrl+click to select multiple messages at the same time , you will see excerpts of all of the selected messages in a single combined view within the message preview pane .
I love this feature , but I find that the excerpts are not quite as long as I would like .
It would be nice if Mozilla could add a slider for adjusting excerpt length in future versions of the program .
I 'd also like to see improved presentation for nested threads and support for an inline reply textbox so you can quickly send a response to any individual message in the group .
Conclusion
I never particularly liked Thunderbird 2 .
It felt cumbersome and looked terrible on Linux .
I felt strongly for quite some time that it had nothing to offer over Evolution , the native GNOME client that I have used for years .
The tremendous advancements made in Thunderbird 3 have forced me to reevaluate that choice .
Thunderbird is now my preferred mail client and has won a permanent place in my taskbar .
On a tangential note , GNOME users will be pleased to learn that it has passable native theming and is no longer a complete eyesore .
The strength of this release validates Mozilla Messaging 's strategy and reaffirms the relevance of mail clients on the desktop .
It could also potentially help boost the momentum of Thunderbird development and attract new contributors to the project .
For additional details about Thunderbird 3 , check out the official release announcement .
You can download the program from the Mozilla Messaging website .
Listing image by Car photo by Dave7
Shane Vereen ran for a career - high 193 yards and three touchdowns on 42 carries and Mike Mohamed intercepted a pass from Andrew Luck at the 3 with less than 2 minutes left as California spoiled No. 14 Stanford 's Rose Bowl hopes with a 34 - 28 victory in the Big Game at Stanford on Saturday .
What was billed as the biggest Big Game in years lived up to the pregame hype , with Stanford 's Heisman Trophy contender Toby Gerhart rushing for 136 yards , four touchdowns and carrying defenders on a 29 - yard reception that set up Stanford ( 7 - 4 , 6 - 3 ) at the Cal 13 with less than 2 minutes left .
Luck then threw an incompletion on first down and was intercepted by Mohamed on second with 1:36 to go , setting off a wild celebration on the Cal sideline .
After Kevin Riley took three knees , the Cal students rushed the field and Stanford Stadium as the Golden Bears ( 8 - 3 , 5 - 3 Pac - 10 ) won the coveted Axe for the seventh time in eight years .
Stanford came into the game off two of its biggest wins in recent memory , scoring 106 points in the back - to - back victories over nationally ranked Oregon and Southern California that put the Cardinal in position to win the conference title .
Stanford looked poised for another big win after jumping out to a 14 - 0 lead in the first quarter .
But the Golden Bears responded behind Vereen and a defense that flummoxed Luck .
The victory puts a bright spot on a mostly disappointing season for the Bears , who entered the season with hopes of a Rose Bowl bid or possible national title .
That was dashed with blowout losses to Oregon and USC and the season looked lost when star tailback Jahvid Best was sidelined by a scary concussion in a loss two weeks ago against Oregon State .
Vereen has responded with the two best games of his career the past two weeks in wins over Arizona and Stanford .
Running effectively off direct snaps in Cal 's form of the wildcat , Vereen overpowered the Cardinal .
The Bears drove more than 70 yards on three consecutive drives starting late in the second quarter , all ending with short runs by Vereen .
Riley added a 12 - yard touchdown pass to Marvin Jones early in the fourth quarter to give the Bears a 31 - 21 lead , silencing Tiger Woods and the rest of the red-clad portion in the largest crowd in the fourth year at the remodeled Stanford Stadium .
Riley went 17 for 31 for 235 yards .
After Gerhart cut Cal 's lead to 31 - 28 on his fourth TD , Stanford got the ball back at its 21 with under 5 minutes to go .
After two incompletions and a short run by Gerhart , coach Jim Harbaugh decided to go for it on fourth - and - 8 despite having all three timeouts remaining .
Luck badly missed his receiver on the fourth - down throw , giving Cal the ball back with 3:28 to go .
The Bears settled for a field goal to go up 34 - 28 with 2:42 to go , with coach Jeff Tedford calling for Riley to take a knee to center the ball on third down .
Stanford drove down the field and was in position to win until Luck 's interception .
Harbaugh put his arm around his quarterback as they walked off the field following the key turnover .
Luck entered the game as the top-rated passer in the Pac - 10 but finally looked like the redshirt freshman he is against a Cal defense that has played its best two games the past two weeks .
Luck finished 10 for 30 for 157 yards , rarely finding open receivers and missing a few of them when he did have the chance to make a play .
Gerhart , who moved into the Heisman Trophy race with 401 yards rushing and six touchdowns the past two weeks , scored on a 61 - yard run on the third play from scrimmage .
Gerhart added three more short TD runs on the day , giving him a school - record 23 for the season and school - record 39 in his career .
Gerhart scored again in the first quarter on a 2 - yard run following a blocked punt .
This marked the third time this season that the Cardinal lost a game in which they led by at least 14 points .
This one was especially painful because it came against Cal and ended the team 's Rose Bowl hopes .
Now Stanford could be looking at a possible bid to Sun Bowl or Emerald Bowl instead of the Rose .
A team of Chinese astronomers have discovered a giant planet close to the exotic binary star system QS Virginis .
Although dormant now , in the future the two stars will one day erupt in a violent nova outburst .
Professor Shengbang Qian of Yunnan Observatory leads the team of scientists who report their work in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
QS Virginis lies in the direction of the constellation of Virgo and is about 157 light years from the Sun .
The system is made up of a cool red dwarf and a hot dense white dwarf ( an object similar to the remnant that will be left behind by the Sun at the end of its life ) .
The two stars are just 840000 km ( 525000 miles ) apart or about twice the distance from the Earth to the Moon .
Being so close together they race around each other , taking just 3 hours and 37 minutes to complete each orbit .
No Earth - based telescope can see them as separate stars , but as they move around the two stars successively eclipse one another , leading to a characteristic periodic dip in the brightness of the system .
In many close binaries , described as ' cataclysmic variables ( CVs ) ' , material flows from one star to its denser companion .
The stars of QS Virginis are only slightly too far apart for this to happen and so are a ' hibernating ' CV and relatively quiet at the moment .
Professor Qian 's team looked closely at the way the light from QS Virginis fluctuated throughout each orbit .
By timing the eclipses , they found that the duration of the orbit changed with the time of mid-eclipse periodically advanced or delayed .
This shift is explained by an unseen third object exerting a gravitational pull on the two stars , so that sometimes the light has to travel a little further and sometimes a little less to reach us .
From their measurements , the Chinese team deduced that there is a giant planet , with a minimum of 6.4 times the mass of Jupiter , at an average distance from the stars of 4.2 times that from the Earth to the Sun ( about 630 million km or 394 million miles ) .
The new world is the first to be found in orbit around a close pair of stars of this type .
Although almost certainly uninhabited , a hypothetical observer there would see a pair of rather small ' Suns ' -- one red and one white appearing very close together in the sky .
But things will not look this way forever .
The red dwarf star is being braked by the interaction between its stellar wind and magnetic field and is decelerating .
As it loses energy it is moving closer to the white dwarf and sometime in the next few thousand years it will be near enough that hydrogen will start to be dragged off the red dwarf by its companion star .
The hydrogen will then slowly accumulate on the white dwarf and build up in a hot dense layer close to the star 's surface .
In due course the density and temperature of the base of the hydrogen layer will become high enough for nuclear fusion reactions to start , where the hydrogen is very quickly fused to heavier helium .
The resulting nuclear explosion will lead to a spectacular outburst of radiation and the binary system will temporarily become many times brighter than normal .
These ' nova ' events are bright enough that they are often seen by amateur astronomers on Earth , so the view of the outburst from the newly discovered planet will be dramatic ( and potentially dangerous for any extraterrestrial tourists who go there to watch it ) .
But Professor Qian sees this as a real opportunity for terrestrial astronomers .
" For once we have advance notice of the formation of a cataclysmic variable and the chance to study what will happen to the planet in orbit around it .
The scientific community should watch this system over the decades ahead -- it should give us a real insight into these exotic stars . "
The Consumerist reports that one of its readers has been unable to buy an iPhone from AT&T ’s online store .
According to the report , an AT&T customer representative told him that “ the phone is not offered to you because New York is not ready for the iPhone [ … ]
You do n’t have enough towers to handle the phone . ”
The Consumerist obtained a written statement from AT&T spokesman Fletcher Cook , in which Cook said “ We periodically modify our promotions and distribution channels . ”
This story is being taken by many to be an attempt by the carrier to follow up on AT&T mobile boss Ralph de la Vega ’s statement that “ the company is [ … ] working on getting the data hogs to cut down their usage , ” while at the same time “ pushing its wireless margins into the 40 percent range next year from around 38 percent in the third quarter . ”
Other reports are speculating about the possibilities of credit - card crime , and that the hold on online sales in NYC is a security measure to curb fraud through online purchases .
This would make some sense , as the iPhone can still be bought in physical stores .
In fact , simply refusing online orders from zip - codes where fraud is rife seems like a remarkably effective and elegant cure .
What is certain is that AT&T ’s lack of a quick response is causing it PR damage .
A simple , clear statement of intent would have been enough to diffuse this story .
Well , that and some new cell - towers in New York .
Updated 1:30 p.m. PDT : AT&T.com has resumed selling iPhones to New York customers .
The company has not provided a statement explaining the temporary suspension of online iPhone sales in New York .
AT&T Customer Service : “ New York City Is Not Ready For The iPhone ” [ Consumerist ]
Breaking : AT&T website stops selling iPhones in New York City ? [ TUAW ]
Did AT&T pull the iPhone out of New York ?
[ Tech Herald ]
Cap My iPhone ?
Try This Instead , AT&T [ Wired Epicenter ]
Photo and photo illustration : Charlie Sorrel
A software developer has uncovered a bug in most versions of Linux that could allow untrusted users to gain complete control over the open - source operating system .
The null pointer dereference flaw was only fixed in the upcoming 2.6.32 release candidate of the Linux kernel , making virtually all production versions in use at the moment vulnerable .
While attacks can be prevented by implementing a common feature known as mmap_min_addr , the RHEL distribution , short for Red Hat Enterprise Linux , does n't properly implement that protection , Brad Spengler , who discovered the bug in mid October , told The Register .
What 's more , many administrators are forced to disable the feature so their systems can run developer tools or desktop environments such as Wine .
The vulnerability was first reported by Spengler , a developer at grsecurity , a maker of applications that enhance the security of Linux .
On October 22 , he wrote a proof of concept attack for the local root exploit .
Over the past few months , he has emerged as an outspoken critic of security practices followed by the team responsible for the Linux kernel .
" It 's interesting to me that I picked it out two weeks before the people whose job it is to find this sort of stuff , " he said Tuesday .
" They 've got entire teams of people and I 'm just one person doing this in my free time . "
In July , Spengler published a separate Linux exploit that drew considerable notice because it worked even when fully patched versions were running security enhancements .
It targeted a separate null pointer dereference bug that was spawned when the OS was running SELinux , or Security - Enhanced Linux .
Spengler at the time criticized principal Linux developer Linus Torvalds for failing to take responsibility for the the critical issue , citing online comments in which he said : " That does not look like a kernel problem to me at all .
He 's running a setuid program that allows the user to specify its own modules .
And then you people are surprised he gets local root ? "
Spengler has also taken the Linux kernel developers to task for failing to fully disclose the extent of security bugs when they are patched .
The latest bug is mitigated by default on most Linux distributions , thanks to their correct implementation of the mmap_min_addr feature .
But to make RHEL compatible with a larger body of applications , that distribution is vulnerable to attack even when the OS shows the feature is enabled , Spengler said .
" They 're putting their users at risk , " he said .
" They 're basically the only distribution that 's still vulnerable to this class of attack . "
A Red Hat spokeswoman said patches for the versions 4 and 5 of RHEL and MRG are available here .
An update for RHEL 3 is in testing and should be released soon .
He said many other Linux users are also vulnerable because they run older versions or are forced to turn off the feature to run certain types of applications . ®
In an advance with overtones of Star Trek phasers and other sci- fi ray guns , scientists in Canada are reporting development of an internal on - off " switch " that paralyzes animals when exposed to a beam of ultraviolet light .
The animals stay paralyzed even when the light is turned off .
When exposed to ordinary light , the animals become unparalyzed and wake up .
Their study appears in the Journal of the American Chemical Society ( JACS ) .
It reports the first demonstration of such a light - activated switch in animals .
Neil Branda and colleagues point out that such " photoswitches " -- light - sensitive materials that undergo photoreactions -- have been available for years .
Scientists use them in research .
Doctors use light - sensitive materials and photoreactions in medicine in photodynamic therapy to treat certain forms of cancer .
Those light - sensitive materials , however , do not have the reversibility that exists in photoswitching .
The JACS report describes development and successful testing of a photoswitch composed of the light - sensitive material , dithienylethene .
The scientists grew transparent , pinhead - sized worms ( C. elegans ) and fed them a dithienylethene .
When exposed to ultraviolet light , the worms turned blue and became paralyzed .
When exposed to visible light , the dithienylethene became colorless again and the worms ' paralysis ended .
Many of the worms lived through the paralyze - unparalyze cycle .
Scientists were not sure how the switch causes paralysis .
The study demonstrates that photoswitches may have great potential in turning photodynamic therapy on and off , and for other applications in medicine and research , they indicate .
Bathed in autumn sunlight , the Velodromo Comunale Vigorelli looks much as it must have done in 1935 : a monument to the rakish optimism of futurist architecture .
Standing in the north - western suburbs of Milan , not far from the elegant Ippodromo and the majestic San Siro , this compact arena breathes history – and not just that of cycling , since the Beatles played here to a full house of 10,000 screaming Italian fans in the summer of 1965 .
It is for its original purpose , however , that the Vigorelli claims a place in legend .
Here , on a 400 m wooden track , is where Fausto Coppi , Jacques Anquetil and half a dozen two - wheeled heroes set new world records for the distance covered in one hour , which used to be among the sport 's great tests .
This , too , is where Coppi entered in triumph at the conclusion of one of his victories in the Giro d'Italia .
It is some time , however , since any cyclist , great or unknown , passed through the little door marked " Ingresso atleti " .
Nowaday the players and opponents of the city 's American football club are the stadium 's sole tenants and only an uneasy conscience keeps the municipality from tearing down an edifice that was rebuilt in 1945 after Allied firebombs had destroyed the original track .
On this beautiful afternoon the Vigorelli is sternly padlocked at every official entrance , with no caretaker in sight .
One doorway , however , is open .
And inside , the whole place comes alive .
Bicycles and wheels are hanging from ceiling - mounted racks .
Clusters of lightweight steel tubes protrude from shelves .
A set of vintage Campagnolo tools nestles in a fitted wooden box , the maker 's name engraved in flowing script on its lid , several decades old but ready for daily use .
Alberto Masi , 65 years old , is the man who handles these tools .
His father , Faliero Masi , set up this atelier in 1949 , quickly establishing such a reputation for quality that leading riders paid him to make frames which were then painted in the colours of the manufacturers to whom they were contracted .
Faliero moved to California in the 1970s , selling the rights to produce bikes under the Masi name in the US before returning home a few years later .
He died in 2000 , aged 93 .
Alberto , who learned the craft at his father 's knee , now produces a small number of new hand - built frames and spends the rest of his time restoring the classics his father built .
Here , he says , are some of his current projects .
This is a Faema - badged machine ridden by the incomparable Eddy Merckx .
Here is a Gazelle that belonged to another great Belgian rider Rik van Looy .
And there , leaning against the wall in a back room , is a tandem painted in the Bianchi company 's trademark sky - blue colour , ridden to a gold medal in the 1948 Olympics at London 's Herne Hill track by Renato Perona and Ferdinando Teruzzi , ahead of the British pair of Alan Bannister and Reg Harris .
" Ah , Harris , " Alberto Masi exclaims .
" Grande campione ! "
And a friend of the family , he adds , as was Tom Simpson , whose Peugeot bikes were actually Masis in disguise .
Alberto goes up a stepladder to a loft and re-emerges holding a copy of a letter .
It 's addressed to his father , written from Buenos Aires in 1958 by Fausto Coppi , ordering new frames in time for the Giro d'Italia .
He points up at a corner of the ceiling .
There , hanging from a rack , are two welded steel assemblies , in the shape of bike frames , dusty and discoloured .
They are , he says , the jigs from which his father made Coppi 's bespoke machines : one for road racing , the other for tracks like the Vigorelli , unused since Coppi 's death in 1960 .
Honestly , if you 'd taken me to the convent of Santa Maria delle Grazie in the centre of Milan and shown me the brushes with which Leonardo painted The Last Supper , I could n't have been more impressed .
Sometimes history is just the other side of an open door .
Poppy power should remain an individual response
Although I thought Eddie Jordan – born in County Wicklow – and Fabio Capello were correct in declining to join a purely British act of commemoration just for the sake of appearances during the Abu Dhabi grand prix and the unveiling of Wembley 's Sir Alf Ramsey statue respectively , there was something curiously moving about the sight of Carlo Ancelotti and Michael Ballack wearing their Remembrance Day poppies , the latter 's stitched on to his Chelsea shirt , at Stamford Bridge on Sunday .
Congratulations , however , to those football clubs who stood up to a crude attempt to " shame " them for not doing as Chelsea did .
The bullying campaign run by the Daily Mail debased a tradition that , in its modesty and dignity , reflects individual responses to collective emotion .
Coercion does not come well from a newspaper that might do better to reflect on its own reaction to the rise of totalitarianism in the 1930s ( sample headline : " Hurrah for the Blackshirts ! " ) .
Owen 's England exclusion in context with recent form
I do n't sense a great public outcry against the continued exclusion of Michael Owen from the England squad – certainly not to the degree that once fed the campaigns on behalf of , say , such wayward spirits as Stan Bowles and Matt Le Tissier .
Admiration of Owen 's past exploits is overwhelmed by a hard - headed assessment of his recent form .
Were he to be left with a career total of 40 international goals , four short of the number compiled by Jimmy Greaves , that would sound about right .
Smith motoring nicely in 125 cc championship
Congratulations to Bradley Smith , whose second place in the 125 cc race at Valencia on Sunday – behind Julian Simon – secured him the runner - up spot to his Spanish team - mate in the championship .
While the experienced Simon moves up to the new Moto2 category next season , the 18 - year - old from Oxford will continue the steady progress that should eventually take him to the top .
The King outside the ring looms large over boxers
There he was in Nuremberg , with that terrifying smile on his face , somehow giving the impression of looming even over the 7ft Nikolai Valuev and the 6ft 3in David Haye .
Heavyweight boxing would n't be half as much fun without Don King – as long as you 're not a boxer , that is .
richard.williams@guardian.co.uk
RIM Pays Out Again Over Patents
from the how - dare - you - try - to - do - wireless - email dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
The patent battle between RIM and NTP is considered something of landmark in alerting politicians and the general public to just how ridiculous the patent situation is these days .
There was , however , an interesting sidenote on this .
As part of its attempt to show that its own patents were valid , NTP convinced a couple other companies to " license " the patents -- except the details showed that NTP " invested " in each of these companies at the same time .
That certainly looks like NTP paying a company to license its patents , just to make it looks like there were some legitimate licensees .
Two of the companies that NTP did this with were Visto and Good Technology .
Having licensed NTP 's patents , Visto , at least , took a lesson from NTP and became an aggressive player in the patent lawsuit game , trying to mimic NTP 's success by suing RIM as well .
There is no way to describe this other than sour grapes .
Visto tried to play in the market and was a pretty big ( and massively expensive ) failure .
RIM , on the other hand , was able to create a product that people wanted and build a good business on it .
This was n't by copying Visto's ( or NTP 's ) ideas , but better understanding the actual market and creating a good product itself .
Visto failed to do that .
So , in turn , it just sued and demanded cash from the company that was able to innovate .
Recently , Visto also purchased Good Technology ( another NTP licensee ) from Motorola ( who had purchased it earlier ) , likely adding more patents to the portfolio .
Either way , it looks like RIM has finally grown tired of the game and has agreed to pay Visto $ 267.5 million .
It 's less than the amount NTP got , but it 's still a hefty chunk of change .
And , for what ?
For being the loser in the market place .
This is a tax on innovation .
The loser in the marketplace forces the winner to hand over a nice chunk of profits .
It 's bad for everyone ( except some lawyers and Visto shareholders ) .
Filed Under : innovation , patents , wireless email
Companies : good technology , rim , visto
Going vegan is easy when you have meals thoroughly planned for you .
Without the need to organize dinner ahead of time and without having to think about what is meat - free , vegan meal kits make dinner convenient .
Many meatless meal kits are available , but Sun Basket , Green Chef , Home Chef , Marley Spoon , and Purple Carrot are meal kit plans that offer favorable options for a plant - based diet .
Sun Basket
The Sun Basket meal kit includes options that are organic and meat - free .
Pricing starts with 4 servings a week for $ 12.99 each or 8 servings a week for $ 10.99 each .
You can receive 2 to 4 recipes a week with 2 or 4 servings per recipe .
The brown rice congee with ginger , mushrooms , and edamame is a popular vegetable option , as well as the spicy harissa tofu with carrots and chickpeas in a quinoa bowl .
Sun Basket offers meal plans that are between 550 to 800 calories per serving with 20 grams of protein per serving .
Green Chef
The Green Chef meal kit plan offers “ Plant - Powered ” organic , vegan meals .
Pricing starts at $ 9.99 per “ Plant - Powered ” meal .
One delicious option is the udon noodle bowl with edamame , snap peas , bell peppers , carrots , and a peanut sauce to bring it all together .
The unique southwest zucchini fritters topping a mixed kale salad is another great option .
Green chef offers new menu items every week .
Home Chef
The Home Chef meal kit offers meatless options starting at $ 6.99 per serving .
Pricing can vary depending on menu item availability .
The teriyaki charred broccoli with shiitake mushrooms and sesame noodles is a delicious choice on the Home Chef menu .
Another option is the sweet sesame potatoes with avocado , sugar snap peas , and jasmine rice .
The Home Chef recipes are easy to follow with a system that indicates recipe difficulty , making it simple for you to decide what meal to cook for dinner .
Marley Spoon
The Marley Spoon meal kit offers 22 recipes a week to choose from , which includes meatless options .
Pricing starts between $ 8.49 and $ 10.25 per serving for a 2 - person meal .
The miso - glazed tofu in mushroom ramen noodles is a warm plant - based option .
The cauliflower tacos include pickled radishes , making it a refreshing vegan meal for summer .
Marley Spoon offers diet templates if you are interested in following a specific dietary plan , making it easy to follow a weight - loss program .
Purple Carrot
Purple Carrot is a fully vegan meal kit service .
Pricing starts at $ 11.99 for each 2 - serving meal .
This includes free shipping .
The Italian cannellini bean stew with mustard greens and faux parmesan is a hearty vegetable option under 600 calories .
The smoky tempeh bowl includes green beans and lemon aioli .
Purple Carrot offers a wide variety of plant - based meals on their menu that changes each week .
They even provide packaged meat - free snacks .
Huge Group announced the launch of its latest operating subsidiary , Huge Media , in Johannesburg this week .
Huge Media aims to enter the rapidly emerging digital media arena , positioning itself as a media owner on the edge of the digital technology curve .
Huge Media has signed a distribution agreement for South Africa with mobile phone technology provider Eyeballs Mobile Advertising , giving it the rights to distribute the “ Eyeballs ” mobile advertising technology in South Africa .
Duncan Palmer , Group Marketing Manager for Huge Group , says Huge Media was formed to take the Eyeballs technology to market in South Africa .
“ Huge Media will become a ‘ media owner ’ – it will build and own the access to a mobile phone subscriber base , to which it will be able to serve advertising . ”
The Eyeballs technology utilizes the “ interaction - initiation ” time on users ’ mobile phones to display customized advertising , content and information to the user .
The technology has been developed in South Africa over several years .
Currently the technology solution runs on Symbian - based smartphones , across all networks , with BlackBerry compatibility next in the development queue and due for release in early 2010 .
Justin Lavers , Sales and Marketing Manager for Huge Media , comments , “ Cellphones are South Africa ’s primary and ubiquitous form of communication , with a pervasiveness not seen in any other medium .
It makes perfect sense that this will soon be the most valuable real estate in the media world , as well as possibly the most fickle . ”
On the subject of local media support , Lavers is enthusiastic : “ We have had widespread and positive response from the advertising industry as a whole .
The market is ready for a game - changing development .
Advertisers are really keen to give this new technology a try . ”
The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers says it believes this could cause the converters , components that help control pollution , to fail at around 50,000 miles .
They are supposed to last for 120,000 to 150,000 miles .
“ We are sensitive to the issues facing the ethanol industry , but the government must make decisions based on sound science , ” said Dave McCurdy , president and chief executive of the alliance , in a letter to the E.P.A .
Another possibility is that the agency could waive the mandates requiring use of a large volume of biofuels .
But that would anger farmers , who sell a great deal of corn to ethanol factories , and the members of Congress who represent them .
It might also undermine the efforts of companies that are investing millions in factories to make ethanol from waste materials , like corncobs , straw and garbage .
“ Ethanol is the only viable , competitive alternative to foreign oil , ” said Tom Buis , chief executive of Growth Energy , the ethanol trade group that filed the petition with the E.P.A. to increase the blending percentage .
“ If we ’re going to become less dependent on foreign oil , we ’ve got to move forward . ”
A third possibility is that the E.P.A. could announce that it is waiting for more data on how cars perform at higher blends , but that would merely put off the hard decision .
When Congress wrote the rules , in 2007 , gasoline consumption had been growing for years , and it looked as if the nation would be able to use considerably more ethanol in the future .
Gasoline consumption hit a peak of 3.4 billion barrels that year .
But gasoline demand fell in 2008 , after soaring gas prices early in the year were followed by the economic crisis .
Consumption was slightly less than 3.3 billion barrels last year , and it could end 2009 at about the same level .
With consumers buying more fuel - efficient cars these days , and carmakers rushing to bring even more of those to market , gasoline demand may not recover much in coming years , even as ethanol production soars .
8th Annual Python in Science Conference - Pasadena , CA , August 18 - 23 , 2009 .
Editorial
Gael Varoquaux Stéfan van der Walt Jarrod Millman
p. 2
Cython tutorial
Stefan Behnel Robert W. Bradshaw Dag Sverre Seljebotn
p. 4
Fast numerical computations with Cython
Dag Sverre Seljebotn
p. 15
High - Performance Code Generation Using CorePy
Andrew Friedley Christopher Mueller Andrew Lumsdaine
p. 23
Convert -XY : type - safe interchange of C++ and Python containers for NumPy extensions
Damian Eads Edward Rosten
p. 29
Parallel Kernels : An Architecture for Distributed Parallel Computing
P. A. Kienzle N. Patel M. McKerns
p. 36
PaPy : Parallel and distributed data - processing pipelines in Python
Marcin Cieślik Cameron Mura
p. 41
PMI - Parallel Method Invocation
Olaf Lenz
p. 48
Sherpa : 1D / 2D modeling and fitting in Python
Brian L. Refsdal Stephen M. Doe Dan T. Nguyen Aneta L. Siemiginowska Nina R. Bonaventura Douglas Burke Ian N. Evans Janet D. Evans Antonella Fruscione Elizabeth C. Galle John C. Houck Margarita Karovska Nicholas P. Lee Michael A. Nowak
p. 51
The FEMhub Project and Classroom Teaching of Numerical Methods
Pavel Solin Ondrej Certik Sameer Regmi
p. 58
Exploring the future of bioinformatics data sharing and mining with Pygr and Worldbase
Christopher Lee Alexander Alekseyenko C. Titus Brown
p. 62
Nitime : time - series analysis for neuroimaging data
Ariel Rokem Michael Trumpis Fernando Pérez
p. 68
Multiprocess System for Virtual Instruments in Python
Brian D'Urso
p. 76
Neutron - scattering data acquisition and experiment automation with Python
Piotr A. Zolnierczuk Richard E. Riedel
p. 81
For all the pain caused by the Great Recession , the job market still was not in as bad shape as it had been during the depths of the early 1980s recession  until now .
With the release of the jobs report on Friday , the broadest measure of unemployment and underemployment tracked by the Labor Department has reached its highest level in decades .
If statistics went back so far , the measure would almost certainly be at its highest level since the Great Depression .
In all , more than one out of every six workers  17.5 percent  were unemployed or underemployed in October .
The previous recorded high was 17.1 percent , in December 1982 .
This includes the officially unemployed , who have looked for work in the last four weeks .
It also includes discouraged workers , who have looked in the past year , as well as millions of part - time workers who want to be working full time .
Helping individuals and businesses of all sizes achieve stable and productive Linux network environments
Security researchers have taken down a major spam offender , though the dip in spam levels may be only temporary .
Members of the FireEye security team coordinated an attack on the Mega - D botnet ( also known as Ozdok ) last week by preemptively registering domains meant for the botnet 's command and control channels ( CnCs ) and shutting down others .
Spam coming from Mega - D stopped almost instantly , proving that David really can take down Goliath every once in a while .
Ever since the shut - down of McColo in 2008 , the brains behind spam botnets have been much smarter about diversifying their CnCs .
As pointed out by a FireEye blog post , they 're no longer relying on a single net of domains to control the botnet — instead , many current botnets have mechanisms in place that randomly generate the next block of domains that the zombie machines will look for once the current set is shut down , and the people controlling the CnCs just register those domains on the fly as needed .
Such is the case with Mega - D / Ozdok , which has not one , but two fallback mechanisms for when the original CnCs go down .
Not only can it use its own list of DNS servers to access its CnCs , it can generate new domains based on the current date and time .
" Unless someone is committed enough to pre-register those domains , the bot herders can always come forward and register those domains and take botnet control back , " the FireEye team wrote .
FireEye's move against Mega - D started with abuse notifications to the ISPs being used as hosts — all but four were taken down immediately .
The firm then worked with numerous domain registrars to take down the primary CnC domains in order to throw a wrench into the botnet 's workings .
Then , the researchers registered a number of domains that were on Mega - D's permanent CnC list but were mysteriously unregistered ; this move essentially gave FireEye CnC control of the botnet , which they pointed to a sinkhole server where data was collected on victim machines in order to help users recover control of their PCs .
Finally , FireEye began registering in advance some of the soon - to - be - generated domains based on date and time for the next three days , anticipating that the botnet would begin looking for those domains once it realized the current ones were out of commission .
This , apparently , was the nail in the coffin , as the firm wrote in a new blog post ( via Slashdot ) that " everything went right according to plan . "
Spam coming out of Mega - D has stopped altogether ( at least for the time being ) , but it 's not all good news from here on out .
For one , much of Mega - D's spam was caught by server - side spam filters , meaning that users may not even notice much of a difference in spam levels on the client end .
Additionally , in order to keep Mega - D offline forever , the firm would have to continue registering future domains before Mega - D 's controllers get ahead .
Still , even a temporary victory in this case is notable — all it took was swift action ( it all happened within a period of 24 hours ) with a coordinated plan from all angles to seriously disable Mega - D , and all thanks to a relatively small security team .
Google Inc. said today that the upcoming release of its new Google Chrome operating system will not support products with hard disk drives in favor of those with solid state drives ( SSD ) .
Google 's vice president of product management , Sundar Pichai , made the statement during a press event to announce features of its first operating system .
Pichai said the new OS will support only SSDs because that is key to it getting a seven - second boot time on PCs .
" We want Google Chrome OS to be blazingly fast , " Pichai said .
" From the time you press boot , you want it to be like a TV .
In addition to making the boot time fast , we want the end - to - end experience to be fast . "
Jim Handy , an analyst with research firm Objective Analysis in Los Gatos , Calif. , said if fast boot times were as important as Google is making them out to be , then Apple would own the PC market .
" Because all of Apple 's products boot significantly faster than Windows products , " he said .
" And the price difference between an Apple product and a PC is not as big as the price difference between a PC with a hard drive and a PC with an equal size SSD . "
Handy said SSD acceptance in notebooks is considerably lower than 10 % , and that netbooks have largely migrated away from SSDs toward hard disk drives because of the added cost .
Google 's decision , he said , " is hard to understand . "
" This is an aggressive move , an interesting move , " said Ezra Gottheil , an analyst with Technology Business Research .
" What 's interesting is that you wo n't be storing everything in the cloud , " Gottheil added .
" You 'll be storing locally , too . "
Because only data will be stored locally -- Chrome OS 's applications will be completely Web - based -- the flash drive wo n't need to be terribly large , Gottheil said .
Matthew Papakipos , engineering director for the Google Chrome OS , said one of the main reasons other operating systems are slow today is that they spend a lot of time on unnecessary boot steps , including looking for floppy drives .
" Does anyone have a floppy drive today ? " he said .
" That 's symptomatic of why operating systems today are so slow . "
Papakipos said Google would be focusing on deploying its OS in netbooks only for the first year or so , and then it would consider notebooks and desktop PCs .
He would not say which SSD manufacturers are in the running or how much capacity the drives could potentially have .
He did , however , say that the SSDs could be considerably smaller than average because Google 's applications will reside in the cloud .
" Our operating system 's size on a disk is 60 times smaller than Windows 7 , " he said .
Google is looking at producing products with NAND flash memory drives based on several form factors , which could include eSATA and placing flash memory chips directly on a system 's motherboard , instead of a hard disk drive form factor as most SSD are today .
" Speed is a big focus for us here .
What we 're going for here is that it feels more like a television than a computer .
We want you to just punch the on button and it immediately comes on .
You log in and you 're on the Web , " he said .
Handy said it 's unlikely that Google could exclude its OS from operating on hard disk drives .
What 's more likely is that the software would use a timing mechanism , and that anything that takes more than 10 seconds , for example , to boot would prompt an error message .
" I suspect it will work just fine with hard drives and if not , there will be people who will say , ' just use this patch ' and it'll work with hard drives , " he said .
Handy also pointed out what he called a " great irony . "
" The Google search engine is designed to use the cheapest hardware possible and just do everything in massive parallelism to make up for the fact that they 're not using fast hardware , " he said .
" So Google does not use fast hard drives and they do n't use solid state drives . "
Edited at 2009 - 11-25 05:49 am ( UTC ) ummmmmmmmmmmmm
Reply
Thread
Link
what the fuck
Reply
Thread
Link
TAKE THAT BACK RIGHT NOW
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
omg your icon .
i saw them and i think i jizzed my pants .
multiple times .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hahaha you know it 's true !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
You know they have held private ceremonies already .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Oh dear .
You 're so right .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
You know they have held private ceremonies already .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Ohhhhh the replies to your comment are freakn ' hilarious .
A+ everyone !!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yessss it'll start a twihard war that destroys them all in a fiery ball of fail !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL !
Did n't someone marry Snape on an astral plane ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
my first thought
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
YOU PUT THE IDEA OUT THERE .
YOU CAN NEVER GET THAT BACK .
OH nooooooo
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Excuse you !
Edward is a married man !
Seriously though , I would n't be surprised haha . ;)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
shut up .
stop giving them ideas :~((((
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
come again
Reply
Thread
Link
v-i-r -t-u- a-l g-i-r-l-f-r-i-e-n-d
so wrong .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol oh Japan .
Reply
Thread
Link
did n't they also had those talking urinals or something .
~innovation ~
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
this is some creepy ~love me , love my doll~ type shit .
nasty .
Reply
Thread
Link
definitely , omg
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
is " love me , love my doll " the title ?
if so brb looking for it on youtube .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol that dude davecat was NUTS .
i could n't believe his parents allowed that shit in their home .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
thank you for introducing me to something that freaked me out more than intervention .
yikes !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
holy fuck i should not be watching this while i'm high
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Real Dolls and the people who are into them are so fucking creepy .
I mean , I feel bad that they can't ~ connect ~ with real people and all because that 's really sad , but at the same time , it 's just ... so weird to me .
IDK .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm sure he bukkake 's the screen .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
haha irl
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
only in japan
Reply
Thread
Link
Here in America we just have the people that think they are reincarnated japanese video game characters .
I shit you not .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Some people need to have the sense slapped into them .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
My ex-boyfriend made up his own goddess and thought ( thinks ? ) he was going to save the world from Armageddon .
I got out of that relationship fast , lmbo .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol virgins annoy the crap out of me
Reply
Thread
Link
so does ONTD annoy the crap out of you ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Did you see the results to that poll posted about a week ago ?
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
haha , hilarious
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol here come the defensive virgins
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
So Miley does n't bother you at all ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
there i fixed it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Virgins are seriously the worst .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
EXCUSE U I WAS AN AGING VIRGIN
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
lol pretty much , snooze -o .
i played the french horn for five years , i wish i looked as good as the guinea pig in your icon .
it 's killing me , it 's so cute .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
partyhard Whatevanot everyone wants to be a slut .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Fine , let 's do it .
Then I wo n't be a virgin anymore .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
At least we 're able to help you with your constipation ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
So , what you 're saying is , you 've been talking to the wrong virgins ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Good luck trying to consummate that .
Reply
Thread
Link
Maybe with some sort of expansion pack ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
lollz
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
loooool
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I seriously laughed at that .
And I felt that lol irl was n't enough to express my amusement .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lmao probably
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I love it when stuff like this happens
Reply
Thread
Link
wat
Reply
Thread
Link
lol oh Japan .
It could have been worse .
It could have been some underage pedo dating game .
Reply
Thread
Link
i like your icon
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
A month after Bing launched in May 2009 , Chitika Research reported that Bing 's click - through rate ( CTR ) was 50 percent better than Google's .
We thought this was n't much of a big deal , as Bing was only one month old , but new data from Chitika shows that little has changed even six months after the decision engine 's debut , and Microsoft is still beating the two other search giants , Yahoo and Google .
Bing 's CTR is now more than 75 percent higher than Google 's ; Microsoft 's search engine is better at getting users to click an ad that companies pay to have placed in search results .
This means publishers should be concentrating on driving more Bing traffic to their site , and Bing 's success will last about as long as its advertising budget will carry it .
One must remember , however , that while Chitika 's ads serve only on search traffic , these numbers are only based on a sample of traffic from the Chitika advertising network and are therefore not very representative of the rest of the Internet .
Furthermore , Bing is still a distant third place in terms of traffic sent , so even if driving one Bing user ( or AOL or Ask user ) to your site can be more valuable than driving one Google user , there are far fewer such users in the first place .
And what is love ?
It is a doll dressed up For idleness to cosset , nurse , and dandle ; A thing of soft misnomers , so divine That silly youth doth think to make itself Divine by loving , and so goes on Yawning and doting a whole summer long , Till Miss 's comb is made a perfect tiara , And common Wellingtons turn Romeo boots ; Till Cleopatra lives at Number Seven , And Antony resides in Brunswick Square .
Fools !
if some passions high have warmed the world , If queens and soldiers have played deep for hearts ,
It is no reason why such agonies Should be more common than the growth of weeds .
Fools !
make me whole again that weighty pearl
The queen of Egypt melted , and I 'll say That ye may love in spite of beaver hats .
A Simple Function
Here ’s a simple function which converts the third item of a list into an integer and returns it , returning - 1 if the list has fewer than three entries or if the third entry fails to convert .
def third_int ( xs ) : ''' Convert the third item of xs into an int and return it .
Returns - 1 on failure . ''' try : return int ( xs [ 2 ] ) except IndexError , ValueError : return - 1
Unfortunately this simple function is simply wrong .
Evidently some exceptions are n’t being caught .
>>> third_int ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ) 3 >>> third_int ( [ 1 ] ) - 1 >>> third_int ( ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' , ' 4 ' , ) ) 3 >>> third_int ( [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' , ' four ' ] )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : .... ValueError : invalid literal for int ( ) with base 10 : ' three '
How ever did a ValueError sneak past the except clause ?
The Real Surprise
There ’s nothing mysterious or surprising going on here , but I ’ll delay answering this question for a moment .
For me , the real surprise about Python is that , generally , I get it right first time .
Python similarly caught Eric S. Raymond by surprise .
His first surprise was that it took him just 20 minutes to get used to syntactically significant whitespace .
And just 100 minutes later …
My second [ surprise ] came a couple of hours into the project , when I noticed ( allowing for pauses needed to look up new features in Programming Python ) I was generating working code nearly as fast as I could type .
When I realized this , I was quite startled .
An important measure of effort in coding is the frequency with which you write something that does n’t actually match your mental representation of the problem , and have to backtrack on realizing that what you just typed wo n’t actually tell the language to do what you ’re thinking .
An important measure of good language design is how rapidly the percentage of missteps of this kind falls as you gain experience with the language .
— Eric S. Raymond , Why Python ?
I certainly do n’t generate working code as fast as I can type , and I ’m not even a particularly quick typist , but I rarely make syntactic errors when writing Python — and I do n’t often need to consult the documentation on such matters .
As Chuck Allison memorably puts it : “ the syntax is so clean it squeaks ” .
Parentheses Required ( ? )
There are some oddities and gotchas though .
I do n’t object to the explicit self in methods , but I do sometimes forget to write it — especially if I ’ve just switched over from C ++.
A side - effect of the whitespace thing is that you ca n’t just wrap a long line .
The line ending needs to be escaped .
if 1900 < year < 2100 and 1 <= month <= 12 \ and 1 <= day <= 31 and 0 <= hour < 24 \ and 0 <= minute < 60 and 0 <= second < 60 : # Looks like a valid date return 1
Alternatively , parenthesize .
if ( 1900 < year < 2100 and 1 <= month <= 12 and 1 <= day <= 31 and 0 <= hour < 24 and 0 <= minute < 60 and 0 <= second < 60 ) : # Looks like a valid date return 1
In the above , the parentheses are n’t required to group terms , but instead serve to implicitly continue the line of code past a couple of newline characters .
Parentheses serve more than one role in Python ’s syntax .
As in all C - family languages , they can group expressions .
They also get involved building tuples , ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) or ( ' red ' , 0xff0000 ) for example .
Beware the special case : a one - tuple needs a trailing comma , ( " singleton " , ) .
This is n’t something I forget or accidentally omit , but it can make things fiddly .
Here ’s a tuple - tised tree , where we represent a tree as a tuple whose first element is a node value , and any subsequent elements are sub - trees .
Careful with those commas !
tree = ( 2 , ( 7 , ( 2 , ) , ( 6 , ( 5 , ) , ( 11 , ) ) ) , ( 5 , ( 9 , ( 4 , ) ) ) )
Actually , tuples are just comma-separated lists of expressions — no parentheses required — so we might equally well have written .
tree = 2 , ( 7 , ( 2 , ) , ( 6 , ( 5 , ) , ( 11 , ) ) ) , ( 5 , ( 9 , ( 4 , ) ) )
Here , the superfluous outermost parentheses have been omitted ; the inner ones are still required for grouping .
How about we always append a trailing comma to our tuples so the one - tuple no longer looks different ?
tree = 2 , ( 7 , ( 2 , ) , ( 6 , ( 5 , ) , ( 11 , ) ) ) , ( 5 , ( 9 , ( 4 , ) ) ) ,
That ’s allowed and fine .
Unless we need an empty tuple , that is , in which case the parentheses are required .
And a comma would be wrong .
>>> ( ) ( ) >>> ( ) , ( ( ) , ) >>> , .... SyntaxError : invalid syntax >>> ( , ) .... SyntaxError : invalid syntax >>> tuple ( ) ()
Python 3 introduces a nice new syntax for set literals , reusing the braces which traditionally enclose dict s .
>>> ls = { 1 , 11 , 21 , 1211 , 111221 , 312211 }
Again , beware the edge case : {} is an empty dict , not an empty set .
>>> zs = {} >>> type( zs ) < class ' dict ' > >>> zs = set ( ) >>> type( zs ) < class ' set ' >
Python 3 allows non-ascii characters in identifiers , but not any old character , so we can not get away with
>>> ∅ = set ( ) ^ SyntaxError : invalid character in identifier
Parentheses are used for function calls too , and also for generator expressions .
Here ’s a lazy list of squares of numbers less than a million .
>>> sqs = ( x * x for x in range ( 1000000 ) )
Here ’s the sum of these numbers .
>>> sum ( (x * x for x in range ( 1000000 ) ) ) 333332833333500000
Actually , we can omit the generator - expression parentheses in the sum .
The function call parentheses magically turn the enclosed x * x for x in range ( 1000000 ) into a generator expression .
As usual , Python does what we want .
>>> sum(x * x for x in range ( 1000000 ) ) 333332833333500000
Serious about Syntax
If you ’ve read this far you may well be thinking : “ So what ? ” I have n’t shown any gotchas , merely a few quirks and corner cases .
As already mentioned , the real surprise is that Python fails to surprise .
Part of this , as I hope I ’ve shown here , can be attributed to the interpreter , which positively invites you to experiment ; but mainly Python ’s clean and transparent design takes the credit .
Repeating Eric S. Raymond : you do n’t have to “ actually tell the language to do what you ’re thinking ” .
Since I first started using Python the syntax has grown considerably , yet the extensions and additions seem almost as if they ’d been planned from the start [ 1 ] .
Generator expressions complement list comprehensions .
The yield statement fits nicely with iteration .
Even more remarkably , Python 3 has chosen to break backwards compatibility , so it can undo those few early choices which now seem mistakes .
Which brings us back to the broken function at the top of this article .
Here it is again , docstring omitted for brevity .
def third_int ( xs ) : try : return int ( xs [ 2 ] ) except IndexError , ValueError : return - 1
I really did write a function like this , and I really did get it wrong in just this way .
The code is syntactically valid , but I should have written
def third_int ( xs ) : try : return int ( xs [ 2 ] ) except ( IndexError , ValueError ) : return - 1
The parentheses in the except clause are crucial .
The formal syntax of this form of try statement is
try1_stmt ::= " try " " : " suite ( " except " [ expression [ ( " as " | " , " ) target ] ] " : " suite ) + [ " else " " : " suite ] [ " finally " " : " suite ]
In the corrected version of third_int ( ) , the parentheses group IndexError , ValueError into a single expression , a tuple , and the except clause matches any object with class ( or base class ) IndexError or ValueError .
The broken version is very different , as becomes clear if we use the alternative " as " form .
def third_int ( xs ) : try : return int ( xs [ 2 ] ) except IndexError as ValueError : return - 1
Here , the except clause will match an object with class or base class IndexError , and assigns that object to the target , which is called ValueError ( and which shadows the “ real ” ValueError in the rest of the function definition ) .
If int ( ) raises a ValueError , it will not be matched .
Wo n’t Get Fooled Again
Oh , I get it , now .
It is a bit subtle , but I wo n’t make that mistake again .
Wait , there ’s more !
In Python 3 k , my broken implementation is properly broken — a syntax error .
Python 3.1 >>> def third_int ( xs ) : ... try : ... return int ( x s [ 2 ] ) ... except IndexError , ValueError : File " < stdin > " , line 4 except IndexError , ValueError : ^ SyntaxError : invalid syntax
The Python 3 k syntax of this form of try statement reads .
try1_stmt ::= " try " " : " suite ( " except " [ expression " as " target ] ] " : " suite ) + [ " else " " : " suite ] [ " finally " " : " suite ]
You ca n’t use a comma to capture the target any more .
It ’s an advance and a simplification .
Why am I not surprised ?
[ 1 ] :
With the possible exception of conditional expressions , that is .
Liam Clancy , an Irish troubadour and the last surviving member of the singing Clancy Brothers , who found fame in the United States and helped spread the popularity of Irish folk music around the world , died on Friday in Cork , Ireland .
He was 74 .
His death was announced by his family and reported on the Web site www.liamclancy.com.
He had been treated for pulmonary fibrosis , a lung disease , The Associated Press reported .
Wearing white Aran sweaters , the Clancy Brothers , joined by a fellow Irishman , Tommy Makem , won fans with musicality , sentimentality and irreverence , not unlike the Smothers Brothers a few years later , though without their penchant for patter .
Image Liam Clancy at the 2002 Roots of American Music Festival at Lincoln Center .
Credit ...
Jack Vartoogian / Frontrowphotos
Both authentic Irish and expatriate Irish , they were cultural crossovers , and , for a while , celebrities .
When they were criticized , it was as the epitome of staged Irishness , as a documentary about Liam Clancy put it .
The research company Complete Genomics has figured out a way to sequence the human genome for less than $ 5,000 in chemicals , making it seem more likely than ever that affordable genetic profiles will become a thing of the mainstream .
Advertisement
Complete Genomics , a biotech start - up based in Mountain View , California , announced last week that it had produced three complete genome sequences for an average cost of $ 4,400 apiece .
The error rate of these sequences is thought to be extraordinarily low , estimated at one in every 100,000 bases .
A number of companies , among them IBM , GE Global Research and Helicos BioSciences , have spent the last few years competing to develop low - cost sequencing technology .
One of Complete Genomics 's sequences used only $ 1,500 in materials , making it the least expensive genome to date .
Advertisement
The $ 4,400 figure does n't tell the whole story ; that 's just the average value of the chemical enzymes used , and it does n't reflect the labor or computational costs .
Still , when the Human Genome Project finished the first sequence of a human genome in 2003 , the cost is believed to have been at least $ 500 million .
The latest results from Complete Genomics amount to an incredible markdown , and the company 's competitors in the sequencing industry have promised even lower prices down the line .
If and when personal genome sequencing becomes something a majority of people can afford , it 's likely to change almost everything about how care is administered .
Whatever variations might be present in an individual 's genetic code will show up in a genome sequence , including those associated with disease .
Physicians would not only be able to offer preventative suggestions to their patients , but , since the genome also contains information about a person 's metabolic reactions , they'd have a better chance of prescribing medicine that would n't cause unwanted side effects .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Earlier this year , Jay Flatley , CEO of the biotech firm Illumina , predicted that by 2019 , genome sequencing will be not only affordable but routine , administered to newborns before they leave the hospital .
Of course , it might not always be a good thing to have access to the secrets of one 's own genetic code .
Certain genomic profiles could predict a dramatically shortened life expectancy , and it's not hard to imagine that some people would n't want to go about their lives with that knowledge hanging over them .
The susceptibilities and predispositions revealed in a genome sequence would also be of likely ( and possibly unwelcome ) interest to insurers and employers .
Advertisement
If nothing else , the advent of routine genome sequencing is sure to complicate the vocabulary of care providers .
If a baby displays a genomic marker for Niemann - Pick disease , does that count as a pre-existing condition ?
It 's not a question we have an answer for , but we 'll probably need to come up with one before long .
A detailed account of Complete Genomics 's discount sequencing methods can be found at Ars Technica .
Advertisement
Photo by mknowles , used under Creative Commons license .
Just ask Alabama attorney Jill Simpson , a former Republican operative who revealed a GOP conspiracy to initiate a political prosecution against former Democratic Governor Don Siegelman .
In the weeks and months after her revelations , Simpson experienced a mysterious house fire and saw her vehicle run off the road .
I 've called the GOP tactics financial terrorism .
And I 've experienced them personally .
I 've received more threatening anonymous comments on my blog than I can count .
And they have not been idle threats .
After a February 2008 post about connections between U.S. Attorney Alice Martin and Alabama GOP political consultant Dax Swatek , we received an anonymous comment : " Nut case , yours is comong ( sic ) . "
After an April 2008 post , we received an anonymous comment claiming that I was blogging at work , and my employer , UAB , needed to be notified .
On the date in question , I was taking a vacation day , so I was not blogging at work -- then or any other time .
Roughly a month later , I was fired at UAB , after 19 years on the job , amid vague allegations that I was blogging at work .
For the record , UAB 's own IT expert testified at my grievance hearing that those allegations were not true .
But did someone with GOP political ties get in the ears of UAB leaders and pressure them to unlawfully fire me ?
Sure looks that way .
And evidence suggests it was all because I was writing a blog that was critical of the Bush Justice Department and it's handling of various political prosecutions , including the Siegelman case .
Jill Simpson has a pretty good idea of what Bill Johnson is experiencing .
Says Simpson :
" I am a little worried about Bill Johnson .
He bravely spoke out about Alabama Republican corruption and now has received a death threat .
I know what that is like .
It is my belief that the DOJ should give him and others protection from this gang of thugs , but as of yet , have not done so .
. . .
" I take the threat to him very seriously and hope law enforcement does as well .
I once was proud to be a Republican , but these actions sadden me .
Then again , you only have to look at the current leadership to understand these are thugs , not Republicans . "
On A Different Subject :
Is Right - Wing Pundit Losing His Mind Over Health - Care Reform ?
Belle de Jour 's story has been blog , book , and TV drama
A POINT OF VIEW
The unmasking of Belle de Jour makes us think of a litany of brilliant courtesans , writes Clive James in his weekly column .
For several years , the true identity of Belle de Jour , author of a blog called Diary of a London Call Girl , had been a mystery .
Journalists , always excited by mysteries , strove to find out who she really was .
Was she really a woman at all ?
Experienced male journalists who could do sentences with three clauses in them speculated that she might be a male journalist because of her unusual literary skills .
When Belle de Jour 's daintily scurrilous blog was collected into a hit book , several critics noted that she had a command of language comparable to that of Martin Amis .
Perhaps Belle de Jour was really Salman Rushdie .
Surely no mere female could concoct a diary so exactly fulfilling male fantasies .
Catherine Deneuve fills her afternoons as Belle
When the book was turned into a television series , Billie Piper was up there on screen like Catherine Deneuve in the art - house movie from which our blogger , knowledgeable about art - house movies , had lifted her , or his , name .
The Catherine Deneuve movie was the story of a refined woman answering her imaginative needs by spending her afternoons in a bordello , taking on all comers , but never chipping her nail polish .
In the blog of our latter - day Belle de Jour , that was the soignee image that the author strove to project .
In the TV series , as Billie Piper delicately primped , it looked very like a male 's imaginative needs being fulfilled .
But finally , last weekend , Belle de Jour stood revealed as a female after all .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 GMT
Or listen to it here later
And what a female .
The voice behind the most celebrated of all soft porn blogs turned out to belong to a woman of outstanding beauty and brilliance called Dr Brooke Magnanti , student of informatics , epidemiology and forensic science .
She must also have been a student of military strategy .
When it became clear to her that one of the tabloid newspapers was about to blow her secret , she reacted like Rommel .
Attacking out of defence , she stepped in ahead of time and spilled all to one of the weekend broadsheets , thus positioning herself invulnerably upmarket , where she will undoubtedly stay , the glossiest British - based femme fatale since Lady Bienvenida Buck , and much less likely to be forgotten .
User or used ?
Judging from her qualifications , Dr Magnanti's sudden appearance at the top of the media heap was only fitting .
She would have been wasted down there in the land of tabloid fantasy , where the mind is not regarded as an erogenous zone to be expanded , though every other erogenous zone is expanded to the limit .
Dr Magnanti is a different kind of sex goddess altogether , with the emphasis on the goddess .
She is the thinking man 's dream girl , and as such she is a nightmare for all those who occupy themselves with the condition of what we now know as the sex worker .
Common sense tells us that sex work ranges from outright slavery at the bottom end , where kidnapped foreign girls are kept drugged by ruthless pimps , to a delusional miasma at the top end , where supposedly high - toned escorts delude themselves that they are doing the using instead of being used .
Above all this , Dr Magnanti floats like a lily on a bog , but she makes a good show of having turned the work into an art form , first with a book deal , then with a TV series , now with an all - media fame that is already looking highly exploitable .
Just think of the merchandising possibilities .
Belle de Jour informatic foam bath crystals .
Belle de Jour forensic science foot massage cream .
The only question is whether all those other females with doctorates in informatics are going to feel inadequate if they have never been courtesans .
Not for the first time in history , a courtesan has made honest women look a bit pedestrian .
Courtesans could be richly rewarded by their lovers Proving that sex work , even at its most elevated , has the same relation to work as bad breath has to breath , our Belle de Jour is in a modern tradition of the higher hooking that reached its first peak in 19th Century Paris , where fashionable society was briefly dazzled by the short career of Marie Duplessis , who presaged Dr Magnanti in every aspect except the blog .
The blog , and an early death .
Marie Duplessis , born merely Rose Plessis , lived only 23 years , but in that brief span she emerged out of nowhere to become one of the most socially accomplished women of her day .
She enslaved men , and they gave her things in return for her favours .
When she transferred her favours to other men , the original men still gave her things .
One of the men was the writer Alexander Dumas the younger , who was her lover for a year .
When she transferred her affections upwards beyond mere writers , he took no revenge but wrote the book that made her immortal , The Lady of the Camellias .
Eventually Verdi tuned the book into one of his greatest operas , Traviata , and Garbo starred in Camille , the most beautiful of her movies after Ninotchka .
The richness of Marie Duplessis 's life after death should not distract , however , from the richness of her life while she lived .
She reached a high state of mental cultivation and could converse delightfully on many subjects , although it is not certain whether informatics was among them .
She loved music and musicians loved her .
One was Liszt , who wanted to move in with her .
Unhappy hooker
The brilliance of her mind , along with her startling sexual attraction , made her salons the focus for all the fashionable men of her time .
These eventually included the nobility , and when she succumbed to tuberculosis the French count she had married was in attendance , while , even more remarkably , the Swedish count that she had n't married was there too .
She died broke but hundreds of men came to her funeral .
She was a poetic young lady and they were all proud that she had spent their money , but there can be no romantic view of how she had earned it .
The myth of the happy hooker dies hard , mainly because it is n't always a myth .
19th Century courtesan Lola Montez Another 19th Century courtesan , Lola Montez , slept her way so close to the very top that Ludwig I of Bavaria was shaken on his throne .
Liszt was on her list , too .
She had a ball from start to finish .
It is n't easy to think of a woman like that slogging away at an honest job .
But that 's where the catch comes in - just at that point where men get sentimental on a woman 's behalf .
When Dr Magnanti tells us that she could never have financed her degree course unless she had yielded to the hard fact that what she would have earned from a boring week behind the cake stall was comfortably exceeded by what she could earn in half an hour on her back , she is n't saying that she found a better kind of work .
She 's saying that she found something better than work .
And it might even feel like that , but it still leaves the idea of work sounding like something that only stupid people believe in .
As long as men are romantic , there will be women realistic enough to cash in .
Or anyway they fancy themselves as realists , although I notice that most of them , however they proclaim the legitimacy of their trade , get out early if they can .
But let 's forget about the women 's realism for the moment , and concentrate on the men 's romanticism , which is the surely the nub of the matter .
My own guess is that Belle will marry a future crowned head of Europe , but if she settles for mere show business she will probably be the first person to win Celebrity Come Dancing and The X Factor in the same year
Far from looking for a relationship uncomplicated by feeling , a romantic man , when he tries to solve his problems with his wallet , is looking for a feeling uncomplicated by a relationship .
As far as I know I 've never met a sex worker , but to the extent that I can intuit what goes on , she offers the illusion of a contact that consists of nothing but emotion .
It ca n't be had in real life , so men pay up to enter the dream world where they can find it .
After Dr Magnanti got in early and gave her story to the broadsheet , the tabloid that had tracked her down was left stuck with the revelations of some of her acquaintances .
My favourite among these - you understand I read this only for purposes of research - was an ex-boyfriend who still pines for the lyricism of what they had together .
Apparently they plighted their troth with two rings , buried the rings in the beach , walked along the beach hand in hand , leaned back against haystacks and gazed up at the stars .
He is still convinced that her love for him was true .
And so it might have been , but it was also perfectly suited to his dreams .
With Dr Magnanti we are dealing with a master , or let it be a mistress , of public relations .
One of her female acquaintances fears for Dr Magnanti's future .
" I wonder , though , " says the female acquaintance , " if she is ready for the inevitable media blitz . "
I would be surprised if she is not ready for it like Robbie Williams .
She has been getting ready for it all her life .
My own guess is that she will marry a future crowned head of Europe , but if she settles for mere showbusiness she will probably be the first person to win Strictly Come Dancing and The X Factor in the same year .
There can be no doubt that she dances like Ginger Rogers and sings like Anna Netrebko .
There is nothing this woman can't do , and you can tell by the history of her blogging .
She has been blogging since blogging was invented .
Fresh out of school , she blogged about restaurants .
After that , by a sequence of events that will no doubt be explained to us in due course , she blogged about autopsies .
She wrote short stories for her blog .
She was Ernest Hemingway .
She knows everything .
She even knows what informatics is .
I looked it up , and basically it means information theory .
Someone interested in that was never going to keep a secret .
She was only ever going to decide when she would sell it .
Here is a selection of your comments .
Sex work is work .
It 's not better than work .
It is work .
Just as journalism is still work even if it 's travelling around the world writing about the quality of the champagne you had in Monte Carlo rather than dredging through Lily Allen 's bins looking for something salacious to titillate your tabloid editors , so sex workers are workers whether they 're hooking on the streets or dining at Michelin - starred restaurants with foreign dignitaries .
McDuff , Manchester Women working ( that 's working ) in the sex industry are employed in the most dangerous occupation in the UK .
They are more likely be killed or injured in the course of their work ( it 's more dangerous than fire - fighting ) or die from work - related disease .
If economic power was n't still gripped in the clammy hands of men , women would no more sell their bodies than other exploited groups would sell their organs to rich donors .
But you know that already , do n't you ?
So what 's it all about ?
Usquebaugh , Oxford , UK
The article says : " Far from looking for a relationship uncomplicated by feeling , a romantic man , when he tries to solve his problems with his wallet , is looking for a feeling uncomplicated by a relationship . "
It is poetic license to describe any man willing to look for a feeling he can solve with his wallet as " romantic " .
Romance is the last thing on his mind , even if self - delusion has turned the feeling he has into a romantic notion .
Equally , I think it is true of many women that they are capable of having sex , without the motivation being one of romance , as Belle du Jour has proved .
This whole field is one strewn with mines many of which are left - over from our Victorian forefathers .
Belle du Jour has proven that an intelligent person , can eschew the social norms and look out for number one in the way she chooses .
Geoff Davis , East Dulwich , London
So much for the government 's stated objective to make Britain a world leader in academic scientific endeavour , when graduate students have to finance their research degrees through prostitution .
T J Sackville - West , London I am not sure what Clive James means when he says , " Proving that sex work , even at its most elevated , has the same relation to work as bad breath has to breath , our Belle de Jour is in a modern tradition of the higher hooking .... " .
From what she herself has done and said , and what Clive James himself says , Dr Brooke Magnanti has proved the complete opposite - that her sex work has the same relation to work as breath freshener has to breath .
Bon Nuit , Derby , UK I am a PhD student and although my parents financially support me , my lifestyle in London requires further funding .
Did I become a hooker ?
No , I got a lecturing job , a tutoring job and private tutoring work and I retained my self - respect and professional credibility .
This fallacy of stripping / lapdancing / prostituting being OK if it is funding a post - graduate education is misguided , there are other options - well - paid , easily available , options .
There are many ways to support yourself through post - graduate education and one of the most lucrative ways is teaching at a university , such work is offered to any PhD student on a plate .
Fine , if you choose prostitution as work , maybe it will mean fewer sex - traffic victims being forced into prostitution and that 's good , but do n't try and use financing post - graduate education as a reason to be a hooker , in academia there are many other options for earning money .
Julia , London , UK Maybe there are some prostitutes who enjoy their work , but it must be a tiny minority .
It 's well - known that a high proportion of women in the sex industry are forced into it , some violently , some by getting them hooked on heroin and controlling the supply .
Prostitutes are at much higher than average risk of being beaten , raped and murdered , or of committing suicide .
Belle de Jour will no doubt be welcomed by the porn industry who would love people to think that hookers are having a good time ... unfortunately this is rarely true .
Tom Foxe , Norwich , UK I 'm sorry - where is the actual argument that sex work is n't work ?
I slave 60 - hour weeks for £ 20 K a year so that my company director can swan into the office a few times a month , swear at me and head off on another foreign holiday .
I could be making more by pandering to his and other men's fantasies a few evenings a week .
You really think Belle has been used more than I 'm currently being ?
Sex work is not a job like any other , but it is a job .
Why on earth does it have to be romantic ?
I do n't think common sense has told you anything whatsoever , to be quite frank .
Whenever we sell a service for money , we are both user and used - no matter what the service is .
Sarah
Nice job if one can restrict their clients to those they would be willing to have sex with for free .
If not , many of us women would rather clean toilets for 40 hours + a week .
Cathleen , Seattle Courtesans have wielded tremendous influence and power throughout history , either as villains or as heroines .
The geishas of Japan and dancing nautch girls of Lucknow have been immortalised in eastern culture .
The sex worker comes from various strata of society , from the lowest " caged and bonded prostitutes " to the consorts of the rich and powerful .
Remember the Profumo Scandal or the Umrao Jaan ?
Rudolph A Furtado , Mumbai " Lola Montez " was actually the Irish - born Eliza Gilbert and was schooled in Sunderland .
Rather less glamorous than she portrayed herself .
Peter , Notts
" There is nothing this woman can't do . "
Well , she clearly can't find a decent job and get a degree like many of us before her .
It sounds like those of us who work in regular jobs are mugs , and those ( sorry , just women - I notice that Mr James failed to mention male prostitutes ) who sell themselves are geniuses .
What a strange way to look at the world .
Bella de nuit , Birmingham
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Are you dreaming about buying a yacht ?
If Yes , you will be interested , that New Super Yacht Auction will start its work on January 1 , 2010 , only one month and a half later than the same online auction BillionaireXchange was launched .
Here is an official press release the Super Yacht Auction .
Super Yacht Auction , a new initiative in the yacht market , is the first global auction platform for super yachts (> 24 metres ) .
As of 1 January 2010 Super Yacht Auction will organise online and public auctions for super yachts .
Super Yacht Auction is great news for those looking for new business prospects in the super yacht industry .
This industry , affected by the economic decline , now has a new opportunity :
a tool to reach a wide audience , and generate fast sales in the market of these exclusive yachts .
Differentiated capacity in economic crisis
The auction process is both the most positive and most effective method to realize the highest price which the market is prepared to pay for a particular super yacht at any given time .
Moreover , in auctions the transaction period is short , which means a very fast sale ( generally within four weeks ) .
In addition to that , any principal who brings a super yacht to the auction , is guaranteed to receive 50 % of the auction commission .
Safe and reliable : inspection and official supervision
The super yacht is sold in the condition in which it is at the time of acceptance ( “ as is where is ” ) .
For that reason every online or public auction is preceded by two inspection days ( Saturdays
and Sundays ) .
That gives potential bidders every opportunity to check and verify the super yacht before bidding .
Both online and public auctions take place under the official supervision of a well - established ( nautical ) bailiff firm or notary public .
Exposure
Every super yacht on auction is presented to thousands of registered bidders , and bids are irrevocable and unconditional .
Online and public auctions
In order to serve super yacht brokers and owners worldwide Super Yacht Auction is located in Amsterdam , Athens , Barcelona , Dubai , Fort Lauderdale , London , Marbella , Monaco and New York .
Super Yacht Auction is a subsidiary of Vessel Auction which specialises in the organisation of online ( 175 per year ) and public auctions of boats , ships and yachts .
Professional auctioneers
Super Yacht Auction is Register Auctioneer Ships & Yachts ( issued by the federation of authorised valuers / appraisers , brokers and auctioneers of moveable goods ) and sponsor of Dutch Association of S+P Ship - and Yacht Brokers .
* * *
Related links :
Super Yacht Auction
I am not a Democrat .
I 'm not a Republican , nor Socialist , nor Communist .
I do not vote in any elections .
I 'm a Monarchist of course .
I rule the world and everybody is my subject .
The Human only thinks that he is in charge of the house .
Let 's face it : I sit where I want , I get free food and toys , my litterbox is cleaned out by someone else , I am groomed by my sister , and when I demand attention I get it .
I 'm not a dictator , though .
The Humans get to come and go as they please .
They can eat what they want and watch what they want on television .
They can even live with their delusion that they control things .
I 'm secure in my sense of personal power .
It 's my kingdom and I rule with a firm and steady paw .
Bonkers
The president of the Queensland Industrial Court has adjourned a decision on whether to allow a young boy to use a front end loader in a quarry .
Quarry owner Dirk Karreman is appealing against a directive from a mining inspector that bans his grandson from using equipment at the Redlands operations on Brisbane 's bayside .
Lawyers for Mr Karreman told the court nine - year - old Dane Karreman operated the loader efficiently and safely , that he had done so on weekends and had more than 500 hours of experience .
Lawyers for the State Government say it is an unnecessary risk .
Outside court , Mr Karreman expressed his anger .
" To have to go and sit there to argue the facts that we 've done is frustrating , " he said .
" I think it 's fundamentally wrong .
They 're starting to encroach on people 's fundamental rights to teach their kids . "
Link to this page : https://www.socialistparty.org.uk/articles/8426
Posted on 27 November 2009 at 18:15 GMT
British Marxist debates Stalin and Trotsky
CWI represented in Moscow debate
It 's certainly the first time that the first speaker at a meeting in which the CWI participated was a Russian orthodox priest in full robe speaking through video link from St Petersburg .
It 's also the first time for eighty years that a leading Trotskyist has spoken on such an important platform in Moscow .
The occasion was a debate organised by the Russian state news agency RIA Novosti 's English language paper " Moscow News " to discuss " Stalin 's legacy for Russia " .
Apart from " Archpriest " Georgy Mitrofanov , the conservative political commentator Yegor Kholmogorov , and Nikita Petrov , from the human rights organisation " Memorial " and Peter Taaffe , General Secretary of the Socialist Party of England and Wales ( CWI ) , spoke .
Another speaker , a leading spin doctor from the ruling party " United Russia " pulled out .
Archpriest Georgy is supposed to be on the " liberal " wing of the Russian church .
He lost no time , however , in disputing the title of the debate .
He said we should be discussing the crimes of " communism " .
Crudely lumping together all those who died from famine , hunger and war , he claimed that the revolution had cost the lives of millions .
Ignoring the millions who had been slaughtered in the First World War , whose end was speeded up by the Russian Revolution , he painted a picture of an idyllic Russia that supposedly existed under the autocracy of Tzarism , a system in which , of course the church played a central role .
As two of the other speakers commented , it is a distortion of history to talk of twenty seven million being killed by Stalinism .
Nevertheless , two to three million lost their lives in Stalin 's horrific purges .
Slave labour for camp inmates was introduced to help push forward the accelerated industrialisation of the 1930s .
But apart from Peter Taaffe , none of the speakers gave a coherent explanation of why Stalinism arose .
However , the apologists for Stalin in the discussion said nothing about the benefits of the planned economy or socialism , merely defending the dictator as a strong leader , defender of Russian interests and war leader .
After defending the rights , even of archpriests , to comment , Peter explained how the legacy of Stalinism has been used against those who argue for democratic socialism , to frighten the people of Britain , Europe and the world against socialism .
Defending the gains of the October revolution , he talked of how the planned economy took Russia from being the India of Europe to the second industrial superpower in the world , but when the Stalinist bureaucracy developed , it became a barrier to the further development of the plan .
" And as Trotsky predicted , " Peter said , " the Soviet Union faced a choice with Stalinism , either a regeneration through the return to democracy as advocated by Marx , Engels , Lenin and Trotsky , or Russia would collapse because of the fall of productive forces , and that would lead to a return of capitalism " .
He pointed out that the return to capitalism had been a disaster with a drop of nearly 50 % in GDP in the 1990s .
Now countries like Latvia are suffering from the world crisis , with half of its hospitals closing .
" What we need today is to have a planned economy , not Stalinism but a democracy , a workers ' democracy , with workers ' control , the cut of the working day so the masses can be involved in the control of society "
Peter continued .
A lively discussion followed among the youthful audience .
Significantly a number of American exchange students were in the audience , having been radicalised by the current world crisis .
One person 's absence however was barely noticed .
Professor Bob Service had turned down the invitation to participate for no other reason than he was afraid to debate with a representative of the CWI , even in Moscow .
We hope to post a video of Peter 's speech in the next days
The world is full of strange creatures .
From vertebrates to invertebrates , there are many creatures on the earth that are unlike any other .
Here we are presenting 15 creatures , in no particular order , that definitely stand out as extraordinary .
15 King Vulture
Vultures are usually seen as dull , ugly , black birds .
The King Vulture , however , is a colorful creature .
Its body is white on the top and black on the bottom , while its head is covered with colors ranging from red , orange and yellow to blue and purple .
It also has a wattle on its head .
They do not have a voice box , but they still can make low noises .
According to Mayan mythology , these birds were the messengers of the gods .
And when you look at one , you can see why .
[ Image Source ]
14 Japanese Spider Crab
The largest living Arthropod , this huge crab has legs that can reach up to 4 meters ( 13 feet ) in length and 20 kilograms ( 44 pounds ) in weight !
They are also said to live up to a hundred years .
Enjoy your nightmares !
[ Image Source ]
13 Sea Spiders
These spider - like creatures live in various depths of marine bodies .
Their most notable characteristic , other than their habitat , is their huge legs ( at least compared to their bodies ) .
They have no respiratory system : instead , they use diffusion to survive .
The largest of these belong to the Colossendeis colossea species .
12 Whip Scorpions
These frightening Arachnids have large pedipalps ( pincers ) and a “ whip ” at the end of their abdomen .
More notably , these creatures can spray various chemicals from their abdomen , including formic acid ( CH2O2 ) , chlorine , and a mixture of acetic acid ( C2H4O2 ) and octanoic acid ( C8H16O2 ) , depending on the species .
The last spray has a vinegar - like smell , hence their alternate name , “ Vinegarroons ” .
Similar creatures include Whip Spiders ( also known as Tailess Whip Scorpions ) and Micro Whip Scorpions .
11 Upside - down Catfish
As their name states , these African fish are often found swimming upside - down .
It is thought they do this so they can reach food on the water ’s surface , such as insect eggs .
Their coloration is also reversed : unlike most fish , their belly is darker than their top .
This is to give them camouflage from predators from above .
They are popular aquarium fish and might be available at your local pet shop .
10 Water Bears
These tiny , caterpillar - like creatures are some of the most amazin creatures in existence .
They can live practically anywhere , from hot springs to arctic regions .
More amazingly , these things can enter a cryonic state that makes them almost impervious to environmental hazards .
They can briefly survive temperatures of over 150 degrees Celsius as well as near - absolute zero temperatures .
They can withstand massive pressures , radiation , and even the deadly vacuum of space .
Their metabolism also grinds to a near halt .
They are most frequently found on mosses , lichens , and other damp places .
9 Vampire Moth
Not all butterflies and moths drink nectar !
The vampire moth literally drinks blood !
It uses its proboscis to pierce the skin of its target and drink the creature ’s blood .
And yes , they occasionally bite humans !
Fortunately , they do not cause any known diseases .
Only the males bite .
8 Megalopyge Opercularis
These moths are very furry , especially as a caterpillar .
Known by several names , such as the pussy moth / puss caterpillar , the southern flannel moth , and the asp caterpillar , this moth is said to look like a Persian cat as a caterpillar .
They may look “ pettable ” as a caterpillar , but do NOT touch it !
Like many caterpillars , these insects have a defense mechanism : those hairs are actually venomous spines .
Touching one will not kill you , but it will HURT and cause a rash !
First - aid is recommended if you accidentally make contact with one of these caterpillars .
It uses its fur as its cocoon .
7 Giraffe Weevil
As you might expect , these weevils have a long , slender neck ( only the males have this long neck , though ) .
These long necks help the weevils in building nests .
They are also quite colorful , being mostly black with a red body .
6 Dwarf Sperm Whale
The Sperm Whale is a mighty creature .
It is the largest of the tooth whales , dives to incredible depths , and is known to eat massive squids .
However , this species is the smallest known whale .
It is not much bigger than a human adult in length .
This creature can also expel a reddish substance to ward off predators ( which can also be done by a similar species , the Pygmy Sperm Whale ) .
5 Cnemidophorus Uniparens
These lizards might look normal on the outside , but on closer investigation , a surprising fact is revealed : some species , such as the New Mexico Whiptail , consist entirely of females .
They undergo Parthenogenesis , which is embryo fertilization without a male , to produce new offspring .
Despite this , however , these lizards still “ mate ” to increase fertility .
4 Andean Cock - of - the - rock
The females of this species of bird are normal enough , but the males have an odd crest that looks like a large , red / orange bulge .
Its feathers consist of reds / oranges in the front , black near the bottom , and a bit of grey .
They are national bird of Peru .
3 Coconut Crab
The largest living arthropod to dwell on land ( weighing up to 4.1 kilograms ( 9 pounds ) ) , this hermit crab is known to climb trees and eat coconuts .
Unlike other hermit crabs , only the juveniles wear shells .
The older youngsters often wear coconut shells .
They come in a variety of colors , such as orange and blue .
They are rumored to steal shiny objects .
2 Hairy Frog
This African frog gets its name from the hair - like structure found on the sides of males .
These hairs are used to increase the rate that the frog absorbs oxygen , since the males spend long periods of time guarding their eggs .
Another impressive fact about these frogs is that they have retractable claws made of bone ( as opposed to keratin ) .
However , to get these claws out , the frog must break a bone nodule first .
Ouch !
1 Barreleye Fish
Although this fish ’s existence has been known for quite some time , it was only this year that scientists fully understood how bizarre it is .
These fish have a mostly black body with a transparent head ( which was unheard of until recently , since it always shattered while the fish was being brought up to the surface ) .
Although it has two indentions in the front of its head , those are NOT its eyes : its eyes are the green spheres in its transparent head .
These eyes can be used to look above for food or look forward when it is stalking its prey .
Posted by GreenLifeInnovators on November 16 , 2009 , 5:00 pm
Dear fellow " greenies "
Recently I came across a series of 8 video - clips on YouTube showing a
lecture with Dr Albert Bartlett , Professor Emeritus in physics at the
University of Boulder , Colorado about arithmetic , population growth
and energy depletion .
Usually a lecture by an old professor in front
of a group of students is not something one would consider to be a
terrifying experience .
But this perspective , that he is communicating ,
really is .
Not only does Dr Bartlett explain why we are in much bigger trouble
than most people think .
He also explains why the nature of exponential
growth is such , that we will not see the problems until a very short
time until we run into them .
This lecture goes to the very core of our
challenges ahead .
You do n't have to possess university level skills in mathematics to
follow his lines of reasoning , but below high school level you would
probably not get too much out of it .
For your convenience , we have embedded all of the 8 video clips on one
page on our blog .
You can find them here :
http://blog.green-life-innovators.org/2009/11/07/the-brutal-end-of-the-growth-paradigm/
If you , like we do , find the message that Dr Bartlett delivers in this
video of the utmost importance to the human race , then please do not
keep it to yourself , but share the information about this lecture with
friends and acquaintances , through email , online forums and social
media .
Yea , and write to your politicians and the media about it
too .
Kind regards
Vidar Kristiansen
Green Life Innovators - Green tech the Open Source way
http://www.green-life-innovators.org/
Dear fellow " greenies " Recently I came across a series of 8 video - clips on YouTube showing alecture with Dr Albert Bartlett , Professor Emeritus in physics at the University of Boulder , Colorado about arithmetic , population growthand energy depletion .
Usually a lecture by an old professor in frontof a group of students is not something one would consider to be aterrifying experience .
But this perspective , that he is communicating , really is .
Not only does Dr Bartlett explain why we are in much bigger troublethan most people think .
He also explains why the nature of exponentialgrowth is such , that we will not see the problems until a very shorttime until we run into them .
This lecture goes to the very core of ourchallenges ahead .
You do n't have to possess university level skills in mathematics tofollow his lines of reasoning , but below high school level you wouldprobably not get too much out of it .
For your convenience , we have embedded all of the 8 video clips on onepage on our blog .
You can find them here : http://blog.green-life-innovators.org/2009/11/07/the-brutal-end-of-the-growth-paradigm/If you , like we do , find the message that Dr Bartlett delivers in thisvideo of the utmost importance to the human race , then please do notkeep it to yourself , but share the information about this lecture withfriends and acquaintances , through email , online forums and socialmedia .
Yea , and write to your politicians and the media about ittoo .
Kind regardsVidar KristiansenGreen Life Innovators - Green tech the Open Source wayhttp://www.green-life-innovators.org/
Posted by Curbie on November 16 , 2009 , 7:10 pm
A friend emailed me the YouTube links a while ago , very simple math
and explanation .
I do n't know how " green " the notion of negative
population growth is , but it's the ONE solution that greatly reduces
energy , hunger , and poverty issues .
Solving energy , hunger , and
poverty issues without negative population growth is mathematically
impossible , but politicians seem to base tax policy on positive
population growth .
So catch 22 .
In my view , a good explanation though .
Curbie
A friend emailed me the YouTube links a while ago , very simple mathand explanation .
I do n't know how " green " the notion of negativepopulation growth is , but it 's the ONE solution that greatly reducesenergy , hunger , and poverty issues .
Solving energy , hunger , andpoverty issues without negative population growth is mathematicallyimpossible , but politicians seem to base tax policy on positivepopulation growth .
So catch 22 .
In my view , a good explanation though .
Curbie
Posted by Josepi on November 17 , 2009 , 12:22 am
So the Chinese have it all over the Americans then .
So the Chinese have it all over the Americans then .
Posted by Maury Markowitz on November 20 , 2009 , 6:34 pm
Yeah , that 's what Malthus said too .
It basically goes like this : the
human population is growing exponentially ( it is n't ) and our food
resources grow geometrically ( they do n't ) .
Therefore we will be
subject to massive starvation in the very near future - around the
middle to late 1800s .
At that point there would be more humans than
all the land in the world could support .
As you are no doubt aware , we did not suffer the starvation event that
he predicted , although we came close .
In the late 1800s our
agricultural output started outpacing human needs through a series of
improvements in methods , equipment , fertilizers ( a major one ) and
pesticides and insecticides .
In the 1960s the introduction of the high -
yield crops resulted in another massive improvement in food output .
As
a result , we are practically drowning in food , to the point where
there are more obese people than starving ones , even in Africa and
other " poster children " for food problems .
In fact , the amount of land
under cultivation in industrialized societies has decreased
dramatically over time .
The problem with Malthus ' claim , or any one like it , is that it
discounts the creative power of the human mind .
More people means more
minds , and more minds means more invention .
But -- and this is key --
the collective IQ of the planet is a factor of the number of brains
times the number of connections between them , times the efficiency of
those communications links .
One major output of the inventive process
are the tools that better communications between us -- like the
internet channel we are using right now -- the constant multiplier has
increased by leaps and bounds .
A million people 's collective inventive
capability is many times greater today than it was 100 years ago .
As a result , human ingenuity increases more quickly than the human
population .
Perhaps you have noticed the ever increasing rate of
invention over time ?
Just over a decade ago we developed the physics
for GMR , which was productized and in your computer in about a year .
This rate of improvement has never before been seen in human history ,
and appears to be accelerating .
As a result , many futurists have
written of an era where change is so pervasive and rapid that our
current predictive tools are simply useless , a time they call " the
singularity " .
Simply put , applying math to problems with humanity like these is like
trying to come up with a formula for why you like your lover .
You
might be able to do it , but it will confuse the issue more than it
will help .
Maury
Yeah , that 's what Malthus said too .
It basically goes like this : thehuman population is growing exponentially ( it is n't ) and our foodresources grow geometrically ( they do n't ) .
Therefore we will besubject to massive starvation in the very near future - around themiddle to late 1800s .
At that point there would be more humans thanall the land in the world could support .
As you are no doubt aware , we did not suffer the starvation event thathe predicted , although we came close .
In the late 1800s ouragricultural output started outpacing human needs through a series ofimprovements in methods , equipment , fertilizers ( a major one ) andpesticides and insecticides .
In the 1960s the introduction of the high - yield crops resulted in another massive improvement in food output .
Asa result , we are practically drowning in food , to the point wherethere are more obese people than starving ones , even in Africa andother " poster children " for food problems .
In fact , the amount of landunder cultivation in industrialized societies has decreaseddramatically over time .
The problem with Malthus ' claim , or any one like it , is that itdiscounts the creative power of the human mind .
More people means moreminds , and more minds means more invention .
But -- and this is key -- the collective IQ of the planet is a factor of the number of brainstimes the number of connections between them , times the efficiency ofthose communications links .
One major output of the inventive processare the tools that better communications between us -- like theinternet channel we are using right now -- the constant multiplier hasincreased by leaps and bounds .
A million people 's collective inventivecapability is many times greater today than it was 100 years ago .
As a result , human ingenuity increases more quickly than the humanpopulation .
Perhaps you have noticed the ever increasing rate ofinvention over time ?
Just over a decade ago we developed the physicsfor GMR , which was productized and in your computer in about a year .
This rate of improvement has never before been seen in human history , and appears to be accelerating .
As a result , many futurists havewritten of an era where change is so pervasive and rapid that ourcurrent predictive tools are simply useless , a time they call " thesingularity " .
Simply put , applying math to problems with humanity like these is liketrying to come up with a formula for why you like your lover .
Youmight be able to do it , but it will confuse the issue more than itwill help .
Maury
Posted by harry on November 22 , 2009 , 3:15 pm
The 2 Degree Life What You Can Do to Stop Climate Change
Earth 's temperature will continue to rise in the long term if politicians are unable to reach a global agreement on climate protection .
But people also need to be asking themselves : Could a new way of life in Europe help prevent a catastrophe ?
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
* Joe Wilson 's fellow Republicans rally to his side
* Democrats say action needed to defend House decorum
( Adds details , background )
WASHINGTON , Sept 15 ( Reuters ) - The Democratic - led U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday reprimanded the Republican lawmaker who yelled " You lie ! " at President Barack Obama during Obama 's speech to Congress last week on healthcare reform .
On a largely party - line vote of 240 - 179 , the House passed a resolution of disapproval against Joe Wilson , who was a relatively obscure congressman from South Carolina until his outburst during Obama 's nationally broadcast address .
A resolution of disapproval is the lowest form of punishment in the House and carries no penalty other than being cited for a breach of the chamber 's rules of conduct .
Obama 's push to reform the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare industry has also split Congress largely along party lines .
[ ID :nN1579678 ]
" None of us is happy to be here considering the resolution before us .
I know I am not , " House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer told colleagues in a speech before the vote .
" What is at issue here is of importance to this House and to our country .
And that issue is whether we are able to proceed with a degree of civility and decorum that our rules and our democracy contemplate and require . "
House Republicans rallied to Wilson 's side and opposed the resolution .
During the vote , many patted him on the back and shook his hand .
They agreed that Wilson had made a mistake in shouting at Obama .
But they noted the congressman had promptly apologized to the president in a telephone call to the White House and that Obama had accepted the apology .
Wilson rejected calls by Democrats as well as some Republicans to offer a separate apology in the House .
" It is clear that there are far more important issues facing this nation , " Wilson said in a speech before the vote .
" It is time to get on with the work of the American people . "
While the five - term lawmaker from South Carolina has been widely scorned , he also has emerged as a hero among some conservatives .
Wilson and his Democratic challenger in next year 's congressional election , Rob Miller , each claim to have raked in more than $ 1.5 million in campaign contributions since the Wilson yelled at Obama .
A USA Today / Gallup Poll released on Tuesday found that 68 percent of respondents said they oppose what Wilson did , while 21 percent said they support it .
( Additional reporting by Andy Sullivan and John Whitesides ; Editing by John O'Callaghan and Bill Trott )
Here at Hotels Discount Deals we have access to the Jetradar database which connects you with the most affordable flight and housing options worldwide .
In the form below fill out the origin box ( place you ’ll be coming from ) and the destination box ( place you ’ll be going to ) to find the most flights and hotels that will work perfectly for your budget .
The best part is that you can book your flight or hotel directly from the Jetradar database .
So what are you waiting for ?
Save Money Now .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
BMW has agreed to sell its Formula 1 team back to Peter Sauber , on condition that the team receives an entry for 2010 , after announcing its original sale to Qadbak Investment Ltd. will not be completed .
The German car maker announced earlier this year it was pulling out of Formula 1 , but said it had agreed a deal with Swiss company Qadbak , which was to run the team in the future .
BMW said on Friday however that the Qadbak deal would not be completed .
Instead , the car maker has sold the team back to Peter Sauber , who founded his F1 team in 1993 and ran it until BMW bought it four years ago .
" We are very happy with this solution , " said Dr Klaus Draeger , Member of the Board of Management of BMW AG .
" This fulfils the most important requirement for a successful future for the team .
" Our relationship with Peter Sauber has always been excellent and marked by absolute respect .
We would like to express our thanks to Peter Sauber and the whole team for the excellent cooperation during the recent four years . "
Sauber added : " I am very relieved that we have found this solution .
It means we can keep the Hinwil location and the majority of workplaces .
I am convinced that the new team has a very good future in Formula 1 , whose current transformation with new framework conditions will benefit the private teams .
" Our staff here are highly competent and motivated , and I look forward to taking on this new challenge together with them .
I would like to thank BMW for four shared years that have in the main been very successful . "
A further agreement with Sauber proposes personnel cuts from the current level of 388 to around 250 employees .
The future of the team in Formula 1 remains unclear , however , as the FIA is yet to confirm its grid slot for 2010 .
One of the most pressing concerns for civil society in Southeast Asia today is the contraction of democratic space in state - society relations .
This contraction has come about as a direct consequence not only of the effects of contemporary terrorism on civil society , but equally of efforts by regional governments at addressing terrorism and the conditions that enable it .
The pressures stem from at least two fronts .
From the bottom - up , the region has been experiencing a growing politicization - a " deprivatization " if you will - of religious faith in general and of religious extremism in particular .
In a sense , this rejuvenated link between piety and politics is a logical outgrowth of the broader trend of democratization that has taken hold , in varying degrees , in the region as a whole .
As predominantly postcolonial societies long defined by an enforced social conservatism and po ...
Real News Network report , December 3 , 2009 : ``An election validated by blood and repression ' ' .
The Honduran coup government continued its repressive tactics on election day ( report from San Pedro Sula by Jesse Freeston ) .
By the National Resistance Front against the Coup d'etat
Communiqué number 41
November 30 , 2009 -- The National Resistance Front Against the Coup d'etat , to the Honduran people and the international community communicates :
1 . The complete failure of the electoral farce set up by the oligarchy on November 29 , 2009 , in dictatorial conditions confirms our proposal of declaring the elections and their results illegal and illegitimate , in addition to reinforcing our position of not recognising the regime to be installed on January 27 , 2010 .
2 . We call on the democratic and honest governments and social movements of the world to reject the electoral farce and not recognise the would - be government to be installed in January .
3 . Having carried out an electoral process that lacks all legitimacy and legality and that attempts to guarantee the power of a minority of the population , the installation of a National Constitutional Assembly represents the alternative to channel the demands of political participation of all of the Honduran people .
We will continue struggle for this .
4 . We reiterate that all of the acts that the current de facto regime and its successor carry out will not be recognised by the people .
We especially emphasise our rejection of any amnesty for violators of human rights .
5 . We take this moment to recognise the work of the Committee of Relatives of the Detained and Disappeared of Honduras , which today completes 27 years of vigilance for truth , justice and the construction of a society where human rights are guaranteed to all .
WE RESIST AND WE WILL WIN !
Tegucigalpa , Honduras .
We denounce the electoral farce
By the National Resistance Front against the Coup d'etat
Communiqué number 40
November 29 , 2009 --
With complete satisfaction we announce to the Honduran people and the international community that the electoral farce set up by the dictatorship regime has been absolutely defeated due to the low turn - out of voters at the poll sites , to the extent that the Supreme Electoral Tribune had to prolong the poll another hour until 5 p.m .
You do n't need glasses to see what is in front of your eyes .
Nationwide monitoring by our organisation proved that the level of abstention during the process is at least of 60 - 75 % , which is the highest in our national history , and implies that only a maximum of 30 - 35 % of registered voters voted .
This is the way that the Honduran people are punishing the pro-coup candidates and the dictatorship , whom now are having problems demonstrating to international public opinion a level of turnout that never existed .
To make it appear that way they have resorted to fraudulent maneuvres like bringing in El Salvadorans from the ARENA Party into our country , as was denounced by the farmers in the municipality of Magdalena , Intibucá .
And we expect that they will try to increase the turnout numbers by means of electronic manipulation .
In desperation the de facto regime has brutally repressed the peaceful march that took place in the city of San Pedro Sula , in which several brothers and sisters were hurt , beaten and detained ; and one person is reported missing .
Amongst the wounded is a Reuters reporter , the detained include two nuns from the Latin American Council of Churches who were there as human rights observers .
Considering that this result represents a great victory of the Honduran people , the National Resistance Front invites all the Honduran people in resistance to celebrate the defeat of the dictatorship .
On Monday , November 30 , 12 pm we convoke in Tegucigalpa a great assembly in the STIBYS union headquarters and then will have the great Caravan of Victory against the Electoral Farce .
We resist and we will win !
Tegucigalpa , Honduras .
Honduran MPs debate Zelaya 's future
December 2 , 2009 -- Morning Star -- Honduran
MPs have begun debating constitutional President Manuel Zelaya 's future under pressure from much of the region to reinstate him or face more isolation .
First Ride : 2010 Ducati Hypermotard 1100 Evo
Ben Cope pushes Ducati's new Hypermotard to the limit in Sardinia track test
FOR folks inclined to fret that that the earth is heading for an environmental abyss the population problem has always been one of the biggest causes for worry .
In the slums of Dhaka city , tens of thousands of people shelter in huts made of cardboard with polythene roofs .
There is no running water and no sanitation .
The stench is overpowering : garbage and human waste heap up in piles .
With 13 million residents -- up from 320,000 only 30 years ago -- Dhaka is considered the most populous urban centre on earth .
Ultimately , no problem may be more threatening to the environment than the proliferation of the human species .
Today , the planet holds more than 6 billion people .
During the current century , world population will double , with 90 % of that occurring in poorer countries like Bangladesh , India , Pakistan , the Philippines and most African countries .
In the poorest countries , growth rates are outstripping the national ability to provide the bare necessities .
Trees are being chopped down for fuel and croplands over - plowed by desperate farmers .
Climatic disruption in recent time , followed by salinity intrusion , shrinking farmlands and crop losses and hunger on a scale never known before are now a reality .
The prospect is horrifying , and this is what Lester Brown , president of the World Watch Institute predicts for 2050 , when the earth 's population will have more than doubled from the present 6 billion and the capacity of science to devise methods for coaxing more food out of the soil will , in his view , be greatly diminished .
The population of Bangladesh in 1971 was 75 million , and in less than 40 years it has crossed 140 million .
The Draft Population Policy , 2009 advocates introduction of single - child families [ AK1 ] by 2015 , which is not only an ambitious target but also a daunting challenge .
There is no denying the fact that any government trying to achieve the Millennium Development Goals or socio-economic goals must contain the population boom .
With about 1,000 people living in one sq km in the countryside and the present birth rate of 1.4 , resulting in an increase of 2.7 per family , there would be about 30 lakh new mouths to be fed every year .
Consequently the agricultural land in the country continues to decrease by one percent every year , reducing the present cultivable land to 60 lakh hectare from 90 lakh hectare in 1980 .
With population increasing even at this rate , we will become more populous and impoverished than many larger Asian countries .
The horrifying poverty , with images of starvation , has captured the attention of the people .
The burgeoning population will create huge pressure on every sector .
If there is a key to population control in developing countries , experts agree , it lies in improving the social status of women .
Women in this region have little political or legal rights , and not many receive schooling that prepares them for roles outside the home .
So said Robert Berg , president of the International Development Conference : " Expanding educational and employment opportunities for women is necessary for permanently addressing population issue . "
Prospects are so dire that some environmentalists urge the world to cut the earth 's population growth rate by half during the next decade .
" That means a call for two - child family for the world as a whole , " explained Lester Brown .
That may be a daunting challenge .
In the past , many poor nations , including Bangladesh , condemned the notion of family planning as an imperialist and racist scheme .
But in reality , today all Third World countries are committed to limiting their populations .
The government must speed up the effort in limiting population .
Contraceptive information and devices should be available to anyone who wants them .
According to surveys made by the United Nations and other organisations , most couples belonging to the middle - income group in developing countries do not want more than two children because of the gruelling experiences they have in supporting large families with limited income .
Yet , many have little or no access to effective methods of birth control .
The increase in funds for family planning devices could shave projected world population from 10 billion to 8 billion over the next 60 years .
Bruce Wilcox , president of the Institute for Sustainable Development , an environmental research organisation in the U.S. , declared in 1989 that solutions to the population challenge would demand " fundamental changes in society . "
Ingrained cultural attitudes that promote high birth rates will have to be challenged .
Many families in poor agrarian societies like Bangladesh , India and Pakistan see children as a source of labour and a hedge against poverty in old age .
People need to be taught that with lower infant mortality , fewer offspring can provide the same measure of security
Of all entrenched values , religion presents perhaps the greatest obstacle to population control .
Roman Catholics have fought against national family planning efforts in Mexico , Kenya and the Philippines , while radical Muslim groups have done the same in Iran , Egypt , Pakistan and in parts of Bangladesh .
Still , religious objections need not entirely thwart population planning .
Where such resistance is encountered , vigorous campaigns should be mounted to promote natural birth - control techniques , including the rhythm method and fertility delay through breast - feeding .
The first great brake on population growth came in the early 1960s , with the development of birth control pill , a magic pharmacological bullet that made contraception easier than it had been before .
In 1969 , the United Nations got in on the population game , creating the U.N population Fund that brought family planning techniques to women who would not otherwise have them .
The most significant step came in the 1994 Cairo conference , where attendees pledged $ 5.7 billion to reduce birth rates in the developing world and acknowledged that giving women more education and reproductive freedom was the key to accomplishing the goal .
True , even global calamity like AIDS has yielded unprecedented dividends , with international campaigns to promote condom use and abstinence helping to prevent not only disease transmission but also conception .
It was learnt from reports published in The Daily Star on December 12 last that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken an initiative to formulate a policy focusing on one child per family instead of current average of 2.7 .
But it appears that the measures run counter to achieving the goal .
Many countries in the deepest demographic trouble imposed aggressive family planning programmes , only to see them go badly awry .
In the 1970s Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi tried to reduce the national birthrate by offering men cash incentives if they underwent vasectomies .
In the communities in which these sweeteners failed the government resorted to coercion , putting millions of males from on the operating table .
Amid the popular backlash that followed , Gandhi 's government was turned out of office , and the public rejected family planning .
Even though family planning had a bad reputation after the abandonment of the Indian government 's programme in the 1970s , states like Tamil Nadu still set birthrate targets and instructed health workers to urge women of reproductive age to be sterilised .
In fact , nurses earned bonuses based on how many sterilisation they encouraged .
But this more subtle technique never really worked .
Patients balked , and the bonuses led more often to falsification of records than to lower birthrates .
In 1992 , Tamil Nadu finally dropped its " by - the - numbers " policy , setting an example that was later adopted by India as a whole .
The change paralleled the consensus reached at the U.N's 1994 population conference in Cairo , which rejected target - based birth control in favour of giving women better health care and more family - planning choices .
Perhaps India has now a more humane and effective population policy , and much of the credit goes to people like Nirmala ( 32 ) who headed the village Health Nurse Association in Tamil Nadu .
The committed nurse visited 5,000 or more people , treating all sorts of illnesses and offering contraceptive tips , she left smiles on the faces of women she visited .
Long before the Cairo conference , Nirmala complained about the birth control " numbers game , " but superiors told her she would be " suspended " if she challenged policy .
Only in 1992 did she get a real hearing when S.Ramasundaram took over Tamil Nadu 's family welfare program .
When Ramasundaran followed the nurse 's advice , results were dramatic .
The state 's population growth rate dropped from 1.5 % in 1991 to 1 % in 2000 , compared with 1.8 % for India as a whole .
According to the draft policy , yet to be made public , couples who had only one child would be provided with due preference in all state facilities , including government assistance .
Sensible citizens believe that such incentives to chosen people would create schisms that would rather push the government into another crisis situation .
We do n't need to offer incentives or even resort to draconian measures for achieving family planning targets .
Simply remove the shackles and let people do what they were supposed to do .
The fact is : men particularly concern themselves with birth control .
But as Nirmala says : " Family planning is a social responsibility . "
You can't call it family planning , she feels , until the whole family is involved .
Md. Asadullah Khan is a former teacher of physics and Controller of Examinations , BUET .
e-mail : aukhanbd@gmail.com
Would n’t it be nice to be an electron ?
Then you , too , could take advantage of the marvels of quantum mechanics , such as being in two places at once —very handy for juggling the competing demands of modern life .
Alas , physicists have long spoiled the fantasy by saying that quantum mechanics applies only to microscopic things .
Yet that is a myth .
In the modern view that has gained traction in the past decade , you do n’t see quantum effects in everyday life not because you are big , per se , but because those effects are camouflaged by their own sheer complexity .
They are there if you know how to look , and physicists have been realizing that they show up in the macroscopic world more than they thought .
“ The standard arguments may be too pessimistic as to the survival of quantum effects , ” says Nobel laureate physicist Anthony Leggett of the University of Illinois .
In the most distinctive such effect , called entanglement , two electrons establish a kind of telepathic link that transcends space and time .
And not just electrons : you , too , retain a quantum bond with your loved ones that endures no matter how far apart you may be .
If that sounds hopelessly romantic , the flip side is that particles are incurably promiscuous , hooking up with every other particle they meet .
So you also retain a quantum bond with every loser who ever bumped into you on the street and every air molecule that ever brushed your skin .
The bonds you want are overwhelmed by those you do n’t .
Entanglement thus foils entanglement , a process known as decoherence .
To preserve entanglement for use in , say , quantum computers , physicists use all the tactics of a parent trying to control a teenager ’s love life , such as isolating the particle from its environment or chaperoning the particle and undoing any undesired entanglements .
And they typically have about as much success .
But if you ca n’t beat the environment , why not use it ?
“ The environment can act more positively , ” says physicist Vlatko Vedral of the National University of Singapore and the University of Oxford .
One approach has been suggested by Jianming Cai and Hans J. Briegel of the Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information in Innsbruck , Austria , and Sandu Popescu of the University of Bristol in England .
Suppose you have a V - shaped molecule you can open and close like a pair of tweezers .
When the molecule closes , two electrons on the tips become entangled .
If you just keep them there , the electrons will eventually decohere as particles from the environment bombard them , and you will have no way to reestablish entanglement .
The answer is to open up the molecule and , counterintuitively , leave the electrons even more exposed to the environment .
In this position , decoherence resets the electrons back to a default , lowest - energy state .
Then you can close the molecule again and reestablish entanglement afresh .
If you open and close fast enough , it is as though the entanglement was never broken .
The team calls this “ dynamic entanglement , ” as opposed to the static kind that endures as long as you can isolate the system from bombardment .
The oscillation notwithstanding , the researchers say dynamic entanglement can do everything the static sort can .
A different approach uses a group of particles that act collectively as one .
Because of the group ’s internal dynamics , it can have multiple default , or equilibrium , states , corresponding to different but comparably energetic arrangements .
A quantum computer can store data in these equilibrium states rather than in individual particles .
This approach , first proposed a decade ago by Alexei Kitaev , then at the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Russia , is known as passive error correction , because it does not require physicists to supervise the particles actively .
If the group deviates from equilibrium , the environment does the work of pushing it back .
Only when the temperature is high enough does the environment disrupt rather than stabilize the group .
“ The environment both adds errors as well as removes them , ” says Michal Horodecki of the University of Gdansk in Poland .
The trick is to make sure it removes faster than it adds .
Horodecki , Héctor Bombín of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and their colleagues recently devised such a setup , but for geometric reasons it would require higher spatial dimensions .
Several other recent papers make do with ordinary space ; instead of relying on higher geometry , they thread the system with force fields to tilt the balance toward error removal .
But these systems may not be able to perform general computation .
This work suggests that , contrary to conventional wisdom , entanglement can persist in large , warm systems — including living organisms .
“ This opens the door to the possibility that entanglement could play a role in , or be a resource for , biological systems , ” says Mohan Sarovar of the University of California , Berkeley , who recently found that entanglement may aid photosynthesis [ see “ Chlorophyll Power , ” by Michael Moyer ; Scientific American , September 2009 ] .
In the magnetism - sensitive molecule that birds may use as compasses , Vedral , Elisabeth Rieper , also at Singapore , and their colleagues discovered that electrons manage to remain entangled 10 to 100 times longer than the standard formulas predict .
So although we may not be electrons , living things can still take advantage of their wonderful quantumness .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Easy Go , Easy Come . "
The Supreme Court 's 2005 decision in Kelo v. City of New London stands as one of the worst in recent years , handing local governments carte blanche to seize private property in the name of economic development .
Now , four years after that decision gave Susette Kelo's land to private developers for a project including a hotel and offices intended to enhance Pfizer Inc . 's nearby corporate facility , the pharmaceutical giant has announced it will close its research and development headquarters in New London , Connecticut .
The ...
Volvo Pictures ( mainly 240 .... ) www.240.se/pictures.html
Last updated October 27 , 2015
Police , Ambulance and others :
Subway and tramway in Sweden :
240 Classic 1993 :
Classics outside of the US never got the special " Classicnumber " !
The numbered 1600 cars ( with the special plate in the car ) was a special serie just for the US market .
For the rest of the world " Classic " was only an option package and they never got any number .
Besides that the very last 240 of all 240s got numbered backwards .
Counting down to the very last car in the 240 - series .....
All THOSE 240 cars got a special certificate ( on paper ) telling which of the very last 240 cars it was .
Counting down from number 240 ( that got the first certificate ) to the very last made that got number 1 on the certificate .
Confusing ?
It ´s a nightmare .....
Many 240s sold in Sweden where BOTH one of the very last 240 cars with certificate AND a Classic .
When one of those cars is for sale it´s very often told to be number " XX " of the Classics when it in reality is number " XX " of the 240 last 240s .
Have been talking to the people in Volvos archive trying to find out how many Classics they really made .
The answer is that no one knows and they can´t find any notes about it .
It seems like the " Classic option package " was installed afterwards .
They just took a 240 out of the lot and put the special parts on it .
If you look at the chassis numbers on the numbered 1600 US cars you can see that there are many cars with LOWER chassis number then another Classic with HIGHER Classic number ....
Unknown Ch No
Unknown Ch No
Ch no 1489921
Ch no 1490124
Ch no 1490176
Ch no 1954281
Ch no 1954286
Ch no 1955126
Ch no 1955911
Ch no 1956314
Ch no 1957221
Ch no 1957401
Ch no 1957815
Ch no 1958776
Ch no 1960647
Ch no 1961005
Ch no 1961811
Ch no 1962181
Ch no 1962275
Ch no 1962280
Ch no 1962367
242 :
242 grp A :
242GT :
262 :
262C :
264 :
265 :
244 :
245 :
" Other 245s " :
140 and older :
All pictures appearing on this page are either public domain and belived to be free of copyright OR have been sent to me by visitors to this page .
If you see any image which should not be here , please tell me so I can erase it !
BUKAVU , Democratic Republic of the Congo ( WOMENSENEWS )
–Chance Chubaka ’s family lives in Chimbunda , a suburb of this bustling , impoverished town on the south shores of Lake Kivu .
But by the time Chance was 9 years old , she no longer shared their home .
" I found that the easiest place to live was on the street , " said the poised 13 - year - old .
Following the death of her father and grandfather , neighbors accused her of being a witch and causing the deaths .
Her uncle agreed .
He tied her hands together with plastic bags and burned them , a common technique in the Democratic Republic of Congo to illicit confessions from children tagged as witches .
The scars on Chance ’s hands remain .
Her uncle also burned her legs , she says , and finally kicked her out of the house .
" Every time I tried to go home , I was beaten , " Chance said .
She tried five times .
Chance ’s story is achingly familiar .
Most of the thousands of children living on the streets in the nation ’s capital city of Kinshasa have been accused of witchcraft , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
And earlier this year , the U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child found that in the Congo violence against children accused of witchcraft is on the rise .
Neither finding singled out girls .
Although attention to the problem is often focused on the country ’s west –Kinshasa and the area around Mbuji - Mayi in particular–the east , and certainly Bukavu , is far from immune .
More Girls Targeted
Although cases of boys who are accused of being witches are common and boys are usually considered at equal risk as girls , authorities and others who work with accused children in Bukavu find that in their area more girls are targeted .
Maj .
Honorine Munyole , Bukavu ’s police commander in charge of children ’s protection , women and sexual violence against women , says because girls are traditionally responsible for housework more than boys , and are therefore at home more , they have greater interactions with family members .
This makes them targets of witchcraft accusations more frequently , she says .
Munyole ’s office began collecting statistics on the number of children accused of witchcraft in Bukavu last year .
At that time , she says , police started seeing a growing number of girls on the street , many working as prostitutes , who said they ’d been kicked out of their homes because of being called witches .
Up until September of this year , 174 cases in town had been reported to the police , says Lt. Paul Murdibuha , Munyole ’s second assistant .
" It ’s a community problem , " said Munyole .
" They usually scapegoat the child .
For example , the parent says , ‘ I was a doctor or a pastor in a former life , but now I am jobless because of the child ’s witchcraft . ’ "
Accusations of witchcraft used to be directed primarily at elderly women , according to a 2009 report released by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
But since the early 1990s children , especially those in urban centers , have increasingly become the focus of such allegations .
It is an additional threat to the more than 50 percent of the Congolese population under the age of 18 whose lives are already tenuous .
One in five Congolese die before their fifth birthday and more than half of school - age children do not go to school , according to Save the Children .
Children who are accused of witchcraft often experience horrific abuse at home and in revivalist churches that perform " exorcisms . "
This can include burning , starvation and severe beatings .
Poverty Propels Accusations
The witchcraft charges usually follow a death , illness or other unexplained misfortune that befall families .
They are intimately tied to the deep poverty that afflicts most Congolese , about 70 percent of whom are impoverished , according to the International Monetary Fund .
Having fewer mouths to feed can be an incentive to accuse a child of sorcery and expel him or her from the home .
The U.N. child ’s rights committee has urged the Congolese government to criminalize accusations of witchcraft against children .
Families divided by deaths and displacements , often associated with Congo ’s ongoing and brutal conflict in which more than 5 million people have died since 1996 , may render children who end up in the care of stepparents or extended family members more vulnerable .
This is especially true when the guardians are already coping with poverty .
In a 2006 report , Human Rights Watch found that it was rare for a child living with both biological parents to be accused of witchcraft .
The report also found that behavior considered unusual , such as bed wetting , aggressive behavior , sleep walking , nightmares or simply sharing food with neighboring children , can trigger sorcery accusations .
Children who suffer from chronic or severe mental and physical illnesses are also sometimes singled out .
Although the problem remains serious , some children do get help .
In the four years since Chance was on the street , she has been living in Ek ’ Abana , a home run by the city ’s Catholic diocese that shelters children accused of being witches .
Perched on the bend of a deeply rutted and hilly mud road overlooking Lake Kivu , Ek ’Abana , which means house of children in Mashi , a local language , is a tranquil refuge .
Inside the tidy home , each child has a shelf of neatly folded clothes and small beds with clean sheets are lined up in rows .
The grassy courtyard is dotted with blooming trees .
The 31 mostly female children now living there , aged 7 to 15 , milled about calmly after school one weekend in October .
Some girls sat together knitting washcloths .
As mid-day came and went , they prayed together in the home ’s outdoor chapel and then headed to the dining hall for lunch .
A Better Life
" My life is better here , " said Sara Yakokya , 11 , a newer resident who has lived at the home since September .
" I think they try to take care of me .
I am not too much stigmatized . "
Only two of the children at Ek ’ Abana are boys .
Ek ’Abana opened its doors in 2002 with nine children , said Dieudonne Muhanano , the home ’s receptionist and staff member charged with speaking to the media .
All the children living at the home receive religious teaching and some counseling .
They all attend school and , even after leaving the home , Ek ’Abana continues to cover their school fees .
Sister Natalina Isella , an Italian nun who established the home , said there is no formal budget .
" If we receive $ 100 , we spend it , " she said , noting that they always ultimately get by .
Muhanano said he felt the incidents of sorcery accusations have been decreasing in the South Kivu province since 2008 , at which time Ek ’ Abana started a program with the police and area priests to visit local parishes throughout the region and educate community members about the problem .
The program targets Catholic parishes but Muhanano said members of other denominations are welcome to attend the awareness - raising sessions .
Ek ’Abana also mediates with the families of children living at the home in an effort to reunify them .
Chance said she expects to return home soon as a result of these mediations .
She ’s been going home on weekends to test the waters .
" Those who called me a sorcerer , no longer do , " Chance said .
" I go back home every weekend and my family welcomes me . "
Finding Forgiveness
Chance said with the help from staff at Ek ’ Abana she ’s even been able to forgive her family for their cruelty .
And she ’s learned to put the problem of witchcraft accusations in perspective .
" I would tell people that it ’s a false concept , " she said .
" It is only a way to mistreat people and deprive them of their rights . "
Ek ’Abana , however , is still receiving children like Sara , who had only been at the home for about one month when she spoke with Women ’s eNews .
Sara , who will soon turn 12 , is paralyzed in one leg .
She said a failed operation to heal her , in conjunction with her father ’s death several years prior , led neighbors and then her mother to accuse her of witchcraft .
Her mother then expelled her .
" I do n’t feel like I miss her because she denied me , " Sara said of her mother , a soldier in the army .
Although at Ek ’ Abana Sara is now surrounded by those who accept her , the emotional wounds are fresh .
In the midst of telling her story she paused , buried her head in her hands and cried .
She held firmly onto a plastic blue rosary , fingering it continually .
" I know I did nothing wrong , " she said after a while .
Though staff from Ek ’Abana have already reached out to her mother for mediation , Sara said so far her mother has refused to talk .
Danielle Shapiro is a freelance journalist based in New York City .
For more information :
" What Future ?
Street Children in the Democratic Republic of the Congo " report , Human Rights Watch :
http://www.hrw.org/en/reports/2006/04/03/what-future
United Nations brief on witchcraft accusations :
http://www.ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/Witches21stCentury.aspx
Note : Women ’s eNews is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites and the contents of site the link points to may change .
更新履歴
( 2005.11.18 ) 脚注*2を加筆。
( 2005.11.17 ) 文章を推敲 。
( 2005.11.14 ) NMT bit の read barrier について嘘を書いていたので修正 。
Azul Sysmtes ( 米日 ) は Java や .NET に特化した専用計算機 Network Attached Processing ( NAP ) を提唱し、 製品として Azul Compute Appliance を開発した。 Azul Compute Appliance は、 すでに稼動中 の
Solaris / Linux の J2SE/J2 EE システムの Java VM を Azul Systems が提供するスタブ JVM に置き換えるだけで、 元のマシンで実行されていたプログラム( バイトコード ) が Azul Compute Appliance に転送・実行されるようになる リモート計算機だ ( * 1 ) 。
Azul Systems は専用の CPU ( Vega ) を一から設計・実装し、 その上で動く Azul Virtual Machine も独自開発し た ( * 2 ) 。 そのためふつ〜のプロセッサの
Java VM
にはない独自機構を数多く備えている。 このページでは NAP の特殊な機構のうち 、 JavaOne Tokyo 2005 で 開発者の Dr. Cliff Click から聞いた GC アルゴリズム部分を紹介する 。
ガーベージコレクショ ン( GC ) の分類方法には Stop - The - World 型 ( STW ) と
On - the - fly 型 の 2 つに分ける方法がある 。
STW は GC が起動する前にアプリケーションスレッ ド( Java の場合は Java スレッド ) を「 時よ止まれ」と全て停止ささせ、 その後にガーベージとなったオブジェクトを回収し、
回収が終わったらアプリケーションスレッドを再開するタイプの
GC だ。 そのためどうしても GC ポーズ時間 が生じる。 このポーズ時間の間、 タイマー処理もネットワークの待ち受けも停止して何もできない状態が続く。 そのためポーズ時間が長すぎるといろいろ破綻が起きる。
一方 On - the - fly 型 GC の場合、アプリケーションスレッドと GC スレッドが平行に動作し、 アプリケーションスレッドを完全に停止させることなく
GC スレッドがガーベージを再利用可能にしてゆく。
上の説明だけを読む と
On - the - fly 型の方が優れていると思うかもしれないが、 GC 以外も含めた全体性能・信頼性を比較する と
On - the - fly 型 GC は STW 型 GC に負けることが多い。 そのため各種言語・ランタイムの GC アルゴリズムを見ると、 STW 型を採用する方が多い 。
ただ GC 採用に先鞭をつけた Java システムは、 エンタープライズシステムの世界で使用されることが多くなってきた。
STW 型 GC の多くはメモリの使用量に比例して GC ポーズ時間が伸びてゆく傾向があるので、 Java 仮想マシンにギガバイト単位のメモリが与えられると、
GC ポーズ時間は数秒〜数分に到達するようになる。 これではたまらんので最近 の Sun、IBM の Java 仮想マシンは STW 型と On - the - fly 型の折衷であ る Mostly Concurrent Mark & Sweep を採用したりして 、GC ポーズ時間の増大を凌ごうとしている。 しかし mostly という単語がつくことから分かるように この GC は完全な無停止 GC ではなく、 やはり使用メモリ量に比例し たGC停止時間が必要となる。
ここから本題 。 Azul Sytems の NAP は Pauseless GC という一風変わった GC アルゴリズムを採用している。 Pauseless GC は理論上 STW がない。 にも関わらず性能もあまり悪くないというキ印もの 。
Pauseless GC は、 まず以下の 3 つのフェーズを持つ GC である 。
GC スレッドは marking → relocation → remap の順に GC を実行し、 その間にアプリケーションスレッドも平行( concurrent ) に動作する。 また 1回目の GC の remap phase と 2 回目の GC の makring phase も concurrent に重ね合わせることが可能だ 。
注目すべきは Pauseless GC は 「 オブジェクトの移動 」をやるタイプの
GC だという点。 GC の別の分類方法では 、 Mark & Sweep GC のようにオブジェクトを割り当てたら移動させず空き領域はフリーリストで管理する
GC と、 Copying GC や Mark & Compaction GC のようにオブジェクトを移動させて 連続した空き領域を作る GC に分類することができる 。
前者のオブジェクトの移動をしないタイプの方が
GC 時間は短くなるし concurrent にもしやすいが、 どうしてもメモリ空間の断片化が避けられない。 生きているオブジェクトが飛び石のようにヒープ中に散らばるので、 プログラムが長い間 稼動している と
「 100 M B のメモリがあって 90 % はフリーなの に 10 K バイトのオブジェクトが割り付けられない」というような事態に陥る。
それじゃ困るので実用を考えると メインの GC が非移動型でも フラグメンテーションが進んだ場合の奥の手として移動型 GC を用意せざるえない 。
一方、 後者のオブジェクト移動型 GC は メモリ空間に隙間がなくなりフリーな領域を有効に使用できるし、 空間内のオブジェクトの充填率が高い分 キャッシュヒット率も上げることができる。 ただしふつ〜のアーキテクチャでの
GC 実装では、 relocation と remap は Java スレッドを停止させた状態で同時に行う必要がある( * 3 ) 。 そのため 1回の GC ポーズ時間がどうしても長くなる傾向にある。 しかし Pauseless GC の場合 ここも concurrent に動作させることができる のが凄いのだ 。
もう一点すごいのは marking が完全に concurrent な点だ 。 Mostly concurrent ではない。 この実現方法が凄いと言うか、インチキというか... 鍵になっているのは ハードウェア・サポート だ。
Marking を Java スレッドと GC スレッドで並列にやるのは難しい。 2 つ問題がある 。
1つは、 marking をしている間に Java スレッドがプログラムを進めてしまうと、 それまで生きていたオブジェクトが死んでしまう可能性があること。 そのため concurrent marking は「 本当はガーベージなんだけど生きているとマークをつけてしまう」可能性がある。
ただこういう漏れガーベージは、効率が悪くなるがエラーにはならないので、無視することは可能だ。
も う1つはより深刻で、 「 本当は生きているんだけどマークがつけられない」可能性だ。
マーキングした後のオブジェクトを
Java スレッドが書き換えてしまうと問題が発生する。
図 1のようなパターンは、 GC スレッドと Java スレッドがコンテキストスイッチによってタイムスライスしながら動いていると考えて欲しい。
GC スレッドが Step1 まで処理を進めた後で停止し 、Java スレッドが Step2 の処理をしてしまうと、 Step3 で GC スレッドが再開してもオブジェク ト
E が未マークのまま放置されることになる。 誤ってガーベージと判定されてしまうのだ。 オブジェク ト E を回収してしまうと、 エラーが発生することになる 。
このマーク漏れの問題を Mostly Concurrent Marking は、 concurrent marking phase と serial makring phase の 2 つ に分けることで解決した。 最初 、GC スレッドが concurrent marking phase を処理している間 は Java スレッドに動作させることができるが、 concurrent marking phase が終了する と
Java スレッドは停止させ て GC スレッドだけが serial marking phase で塗り洩らしの解決をする。 つまり serial marking phase 中は STW だ。
塗り残しとなるのは、 Java スレッドによって参照が書き換えられたオブジェクトである。 そのため Java スレッドは write barrier を導入し、 参照の書き換えが起こったオブジェクトに専用のタグを打っていく。
Serial marking phase では、 「 マーク済みであり 」かつ「書き換えタグ」がついたオブジェクトを起点にして
2度目のマーキングを行う。 処理が完了すれば、生きているオブジェクトの全てがマーク済みになる。
だが mostly concurrent marking には serial makring phase でどうしても STW が必要になってしまう。 経験的には concurrent marking phase で大部分のマーキングを済ませることができ serial marking phase は残りの部分だけを行うので 大概の場合には STW 時間は短い。 ただしオブジェクトのリンク状態によっては serial marking phase に時間がかかることもある。 このため 「 最悪 」 の GC ポーズ時間は短くならない 。
Pauseless GC は別のアプローチを使う。 それは巡回したオブジェクトにマークをつけると同時に、 巡回に使った参照にもチェックをつけるという方法だ。
Java の参照は実装的にはメモリ上のオブジェクトの位置を指す「 ポインタ」として実装されている。
Java オブジェクトは 64 ビット境界にあわせて配置されるので 「 ポインタ 」の下位3ビットは常に
0 になる。 常に 0 になっているビットというのは冗長なので、 このビットの一つを Not -Marked - Through ( NMT ) bit というタグに転用する。 GC スレッドは marking 中に巡回した参 照 ( ポインタ ) の NMT ビットを立て、 巡回・未巡回を区別していく 。
同時に Java スレッドも concurrent marking に協力する 。 Java スレッドがオブジェクトの参照をする時に read barrier を行う。 NMT bit がセットされていない参 照( ポインタ ) をロードすると、 Java スレッドは発見した未巡回ポインタを GC スレッドの queue に突っ込み、 ( 後で同じトラップに引っかからないように ) NMT bit を立てて元の処理に戻る 。
C++ であらわすと LoadReferenceWithReadBarrier のようになる。
Object* LoadReferenceWithReadBarrier ( Object ** address ) { intptr_t value = ( intptr_t ) ( * address ) ; if ( value & NMT_MASK ) { return ( Object * ) ( ~7 & value ) ; // 下位3 ビットのクリア } else { Object * pointer = ( Object * ) value ; push_marking_queue ( pointer ) ; // marking queue * address = ( Object * ) ( value | NMT_MASK ) ; // NMT bit をセット return pointer ; } } // メモリ上にあるオブジェクトのポインタ pointer を使用する時は LoadReferenceWithReadBarrier を通してから extern Object * pointer ; Object * p = LoadReferenceWithReadBarrier ( &pointer ) ; int fieldValue = p->getField ( fieldDescriptor ) ;
